Convivial: The Life of the Literary Party
Simon Says Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 7, 2017
With the holidays just around the corner, several words come to mind describing the festive season. Joyous, autumnal, merry, and thankful are just a few. However, one less common word that seems most appropriate for this time of year is convivial.
Merriam-Webster defines convivial as “relating to, occupied with, or fond of feasting, drinking, and good company”. The Collins English Dictionary goes even deeper, defining it as “sociable; jovial”. Based on definition alone, it seems convivial could easily be substituted for a multitude of other holiday terms. But unlike many other English words we've dissected here, its meaning has always been more or less the same.
Convivial originated in the late 1600s. Then, its meaning was “pertaining to a feast”. It was derived from the Latin words convivium, which simply meant “a feast”, and convivere, which means “to carouse together”. By the 18th century, the definition shifted to the simpler “sociable”.
For the next two centuries, convivial remained the word of choice for describing exciting affairs. Whether speaking about a convivial party host, the convivial occasion of receiving a letter by post, or the convivial design of a welcome mat at one's front door, there was no shortage of ways to breathe delightfulness into an occasion with the word.
But soon, convivial, which has a slightly tricky pronunciation [\kən-‘viv-yəl], started being replaced with simpler alternatives. The literary world held onto convivial, but words like gregarious, congenial, outgoing, friendly, and of course, sociable, became the favorites to describe wonderful occasions. Perhaps this was due to the context in which the word was used.
In application, convivial could be used to describe people, places, and things. However, when describing special instances like holiday parties or get-togethers, revelers often speak about the life of the party. John was such as convivial host. At some point, it became easier to describe John as gregarious or friendly instead. And, like so many English words, convivial slowly faded to the background, becoming a word favored only by writers hoping to spice up their language.
If you look, you can still find the word in use, often regarding matters of food and drink. The Washington, D.C.-based eatery Convivial serves up French fare, and its tagline is “fond of feasting, drinking, and good company”; delicious food served with a side of literary education. There's also a French butcher, Convivial, which specializes in cutting its meat into ultra-fine slices. And there's the blog, Simply Convivial, which focuses on making homeschool education an enjoyable experience.
Though the masses may prefer simpler words, convivial's spirit is still alive and well. It may not dominate everyday conversation, but it works beautifully on a restaurant marquee or in a butcher's logo. When it's time for a rousing feast, convivial is still the life of the party.
Enjoy this post?
Read some of our other etymological posts:
Supersede
Mawkish
Portentous
A student hostage is escorted out of Garissa University in Garissa, northern Kenya after Kenya Defence Forces ended a siege by terrorist gunmen on April 2, 2015 (AFP Photo/Carl De Souza)
Garissa (Kenya) (AFP) - Somalia and Kenya must boost security cooperation between them, Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud said Friday, as he offered his condolences a day after "barbaric" Islamist gunmen massacred 147 students.
Mohamud said he mourned the "lives of innocent students" killed in the university in the northeastern Kenyan town of Garissa, offering his "condolences to the families of those who have died in this attack by the merciless terrorists."
Masked gunmen from Somalia's Shebab Islamist group killed the Kenyan students Thursday in a day-long college campus siege, the country's deadliest attack since the 1998 US embassy bombings.
All four of the gunmen wore suicide vests packed with explosives, detonating themselves in huge blasts as the dramatic assault finally ended after some 16 hours.
Hurling grenades and firing automatic rifles, the gunmen had stormed the university in the northeastern town of Garissa at dawn as students were sleeping, shooting dead dozens before setting Muslims free and holding Christians and others hostage.
The government said at least 79 people were wounded in the assault near the lawless border with war-torn Somalia, several seriously, and there are fears the death toll may still rise.
In the final hour before darkness fell, Kenyan troops stormed a student dormitory where the gunmen were holed up as blasts and fierce gunfire rang out.
Interior Minister Joseph Nkaiserry said the four died detonating their suicide vests as soldiers burst in shooting, with Western security sources reporting that several soldiers and hostages may have died in the final blasts.
Troops then continued to search the campus for any possible insurgents until the siege was declared over late on Thursday, with the national disaster operations centre saying it had "ended with all four terrorists killed."
The attack was claimed by Al-Qaeda-linked Shebab fighters, the same insurgents who carried out the Westgate shopping mall massacre in Nairobi in September 2013, when four gunmen killed at least 67 people in a four-day siege.
Shebab spokesman Sheikh Ali Mohamud Rage told AFP the gunmen had taken non-Muslims hostage, and that their mission had been "to kill those who are against the Shebab."
- Senseless and barbaric -
The university siege marks the worst attack on Kenyan soil since the 1998 bombing of the US embassy in Nairobi by Al-Qaeda, when 213 people were killed by a huge truck bomb.
The United States condemned Thursday's attack in the "strongest terms", while UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for those responsible to "be swiftly brought to justice."
British Minister for Africa James Duddridge called the killings "senseless" and "barbaric", while the French presidency said it stood "ready to work" with Kenya in its fight against terrorism.
It was not clear if any of the students the Shebab said they had held were alive at the time of the final assault by troops. However, officials said over 500 students had been rescued from the fighting.
"Kenya is at war with Somalia," Rage said, referring to the thousands of Kenyan troops in Somalia as part of an African Union military mission.
Soldiers with tanks were deployed around the campus.
A $215,000 (200,000 euro) bounty was offered for the capture of alleged Shebab commander Mohamed Mohamud, a former Kenyan teacher believed to now be in Somalia and said to be the mastermind behind the Garissa attack.
The garrison town is around 150 kilometres (90 miles) west of Somalia and has been targeted in the past by militants from the Shebab.
- 'Gunmen shot indiscriminately' -
Police chief Joseph Boinet said "the gunmen shot indiscriminately" after storming the compound.
The sprawling campus on the outskirts of town has both teaching areas and residential blocks.
The university has several hundred students from different parts of Kenya, and the first bodies of some of those killed were flown to Nairobi late Thursday for families to collect on Friday, the start of the Easter weekend, a major holiday in the country.
A dawn until dusk curfew has been imposed on several northern and eastern Kenyan districts for two weeks.
Kenya has been hit by a wave of grenade and gun attacks, often blamed on sympathisers of the Shebab and sometimes aimed at police targets, since the army crossed into southern Somalia in 2011 to attack Islamist bases.
Frank Franklin II, AP
NEW YORK — Billie Jean King believes Caitlyn Jenner has given people clarity about transgender issues beyond the progress already seen four decades after they shared the international spotlight as athletes.
“The interview with then-Bruce Jenner, and now Caitlyn Jenner, really helped people to be clear in understanding, especially about gender vs. sexuality,” the 71-year-old former tennis star said in an interview with The Associated Press. “Everybody's always getting very confused with that. Then they finally realized they have nothing to do with each other.”
Photograph by Annie Leibovitz, via Vanity Fair
King won the last of her 12 Grand Slam singles titles in 1975, a year before Jenner earned the unofficial title of “world's greatest athlete” by winning gold in the decathlon at the Montreal Olympics.
Jenner, 65, announced her transition in an interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer in April to Caitlyn on the cover of Vanity Fair this week.
“It's been a long journey for Caitlyn, and I'm really happy for her,” said King.
King occasionally traveled in the same circles with Jenner, given they were two of the most recognizable athletes in the 1970s.
King was 29 when she defeated former professional tennis player Bobby Riggs, 55, in the famed “Battle of the Sexes” match in 1973, putting gender issues in the spotlight.
She later helped pros accept a transgender player in their ranks after she started the Women's Tennis Association in 1973.
Continue reading →
This Story Filed Under
An Egyptian court on Wednesday sentenced to 15 years in jail activist Alaa Abdel Fattah, a symbol of the 2011 revolt against Hosni Mubarak, for violating the country's Protest Law and attacking a police officer.
Abdel Fattah was arrested last November for protesting against an article in the Egyptian constitution that allows the military trial of civilians under certain circumstances.
Infographic: Who is Alaa Abdel Fattah? (Design by Farwa Rizwan/ Al Arabiya News)
The prominent blogger, along with 24 other co-defendants, was sentenced in absentia to 15 years in jail by a Cairo court.
The defendants are accused of several crimes, ranging from violating the Protest Law, illegal assembly, acquiring weapons during a protest, blocking roads and attacking a police officer.
Human rights defender Mona Seif, who is also Abdel Fattah's sister, said her brother was arrestedalong with two co-defendants immediately after the ruling was issued, as they were waiting to be allowed to enter the Cairo court.
Abdel Fattah's father told Agence France-Presse his son will be granted a retrial while he is in custody.
"According to Egyptian law, the ruling is in absentia because the defense lawyers had not presented their case," Seif told AFP.
The protest, organized by the No Military Trials for Civilians group, took place in front of the Shura Council on Nov. 24. It was attended by several groups, including the anti-Mubarak 6 April Youth Movement.
Abdel Fattah was later arrested and held in custody until March 2014, when he was released on bail.
A spokesman for Egypt's April 6 Movement, which was also a symbol of the anti-Mubarak uprising, criticized the sentence, accusing the judicial system of being “politicized.”
“We see that the judicial system is politicized and that they are inclined towards Egypt's newly elected president Abdel Fattah el-Sisi,” said Sherif al-Rouby.
“The verdict is in line with the current state's crackdown on most forms of opposition, including activists who participated in the January 2011 revolt.”
“Egypt's protest law is against the people's freedom rights. Today's verdict just proves that we are on the verge of a much more repressive state if compared to Egypt under Mubarak.”
Subject to appeal
Meanwhile, political analyst Ammar Ali Hassan told Al Arabiya News that although the court ruling is subject to appeal, it would still trigger negative reactions on a political level.
Hassan said court sentence amounted to 15 years because the co-defendants are accused of several crimes along with violating protest law.
“But from now until the ruling is appealed, the verdict will trigger negative reactions on a a social and political level.”
“The verdict will be well received by a sector of Egyptians who want a state that holds a strong fist against attempts of breaching order and security.”
“But politicians, activists and intellects would consider this verdict shocking and would express their political resentment towards it.”
Hassan said the ruling will be “politically exploited” by supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and ousted President Mohammad Mursi.
“The Brotherhood and its supporters can use the ruling as to provoke youth against the current authorities, which would increase the quarrel between them and the state.”
Since it was issued in November 2013, secular activists have lashed out at the authorities over the law.
The law obliges demonstrators to inform authorities of their intention to assemble three days prior a public meeting.
Question marks
Esraa Abdel Fatah, an Egyptian internet activist and blogger, spoke of her anger at the verdict.
“Of course I respect the Egyptian judiciary, however I still do not understand why the jail term amounted to 15 years,” Fatah told Al Arabiya News on Wednesday
“We also condemn the fact that the defendants and their lawyers were booted out of the trial and the verdict was announced without them being inside the court.
“How could the judiciary allow this to happen? We need an explanation as this is a violation of judicial proceedings. I believe the defendants will appeal against the verdict,” Fatah added.
Last Update: Thursday, 12 June 2014 KSA 01:05 - GMT 22:05
Google Maps pranks are great, particularly when they indulge in surreal and almost-creepy imagery for maximum weirdness. Like, yeah, mooning the camera on top of the Street View car is fun and all, but you know you're just going to get blurred out so what's the point? Better to round up a group of people flash-mob style to do something completely bizarre with rubber masks, which is what this bunch of Japanese students did. I mean, I'm just assuming — As Doctor Who taught us, they've got to be students to get that many people dressed up and being silly. That or they're aliens. Doctor Who taught us that, too.
The photo was taken on a sidewalk along the Tamagawa-josui, which as I understand it is a tiny channel in the Musashino district of West Tokyo. Apparently there's also an art school there, Musashino Art University, which explains a lot about this. Every pretentious art school student I know has a rubber animal mask to use in all their weird films, so it probably wasn't too hard to get a bunch of people with the same mask together. I mean, they practically give them out at orientation.
The weirdest thing, though, is what happens when the Street View bike crosses them and you turn around to look back:
Gah. This just got way creepier. Shoo, pigeons! Shoo!
(via Google Maps)
Meanwhile in related links
AUSTIN, Texas — A Texas man who had nine of his teeth knocked out in a violent assault during Austin's gay pride weekend in 2012, is sporting a new smile thanks to the goodwill of an Austin dentist.
For more than a year, Dr. Gary Cash, D.D.S., has provided free dental reconstruction, including implants, for Andrew Oppelman, who police say was attacked due to his sexual orientation.
On Sept. 21, 2012, Oppelman and his friend Nick Soret were waiting for a slice of pizza at a mobile food truck when police say Lambert Borgardt accused Soret of hitting on him. Surveillance cameras caught the moments Borgardt attacked Soret and then Oppelman when he stepped in to help his friend.
Oppelman lost nine teeth in the attack. Borgardt, who fled the scene, was later indicted by a grand jury for third degree felony assault.
Following the attack, Cash stepped in, and with the aid of the Victim's Relief Fund, provided the dental reconstruction which would normally cost six figures.
Watch a report from KVUE-TV:
This Story Filed Under
Bill Macomber
Silverlake's Fancy Film Post Services specializes in independent films with tight budgets. CEO and CTO Bill Macomber is especially vigilant when it comes to keeping overhead manageable, and that means taking a very practical approach to post-production services. We sent Macomber five questions about how he is dealing with the transition to 4K — and received a healthy dose of skepticism in return. Unless you're looking to debut on streaming services or play in very large theatrical venues, Macomber says 4K is little more than a buzzword.
1) You work on both independent film and television projects. When did 4K become more than theoretical for you?
It is still largely theoretical. We are not steering our clients towards 4K. I think the quality advancements are minor. The only distribution companies who are pushing for it are the "tech" ones, like Netflix, who see it as an advantage. Even Disney's new animated movies (i.e., The Jungle Book) are being animated in 2K. The truth is that it is very hard to tell the difference between 2K and 4K video. Rule of thumb is that you need a [television] screen larger than 80 inches to even perceive the difference.
2) How have you made accommodations for working in 4K? How are you meeting the storage requirements?
Our storage is ready. While I don't think that 4K is ever going to be more than a niche market, having high speeds on network drives is getting more and more critical. The people who have made money on the rush to adopt 4K have already made it. The price for 4K delivery is plummeting as supply has glutted the market with companies that are "4K ready" but still working in 2K and HD. It makes more sense to buy affordably priced gear, such as the Titanium-Z shared storage from Small Tree, that can handle data rates like 4K but will still be a good investment.
3) How are you doing QC and monitoring the 4K image?
When we need to, we use consumer Samsung monitoring.
4) Where is HDR on your radar?
HDR is a very exciting new standard. The difference is very noticeable. I think that this technology will have a bigger impact than 4K, both in theaters and in homes. The power needs of the HDR monitors are the only stumbling block for home use. The current models will not get efficiency certifications and [thus] will not be available to consumers in Europe.
5) Can you describe the overall effect of the transition to 4K on your business?
Mostly, we educate our customers on the fact that 4K is a fad that, just like 3D, will continue on in a niche roll at large theaters and on some streaming services. But for most of our indie clients, it represents a needless expense.
Nintendo is reportedly fighting with Apple over production of its new console, the Nintendo Switch. This information follows reports last week that Nintendo is aiming to increase production of the Switch in time for the holiday shopping season.
Nintendo is apparently butting heads with technology juggernaut Apple over its production line. A new report suggests that because of its desire to increase production of the Nintendo Switch, it is having to compete with companies like Apple (as well as other smartphone makers) for production parts. However, this is a battle that the video game company may not be able to win.
Analysts point out that “rivals for the sought-after parts can often offer better terms than Nintendo.” Those who make servers for data-centers “tend to use new and higher-margin components,” while smartphone makers issue “larger orders” than Nintendo. Either way, Nintendo comes up against technology rivals that can offer production companies much more money to make their goods than it can pay those same companies to make the Nintendo Switch.
It's unclear how or if Nintendo will still be successful in its efforts to ramp up Switch production as a result of this hurdle. While the company could potentially increase its offer and ask the production company to just make more consoles, therefore giving Nintendo a surplus, that could be risky.
The Wii U missed its sales targets by a wide margin and no doubt has left Nintendo (and game retailers) with a lot of consoles collecting dust on shelves. While the Switch could potentially outsell the Wii U (as well its incredibly popular predecessor the Wii), it's unclear whether the console can keep its momentum into next year and beyond. Creating many more consoles than it needs could be a big gamble right now.
But on the other hand, what will happen if Nintendo doesn't create many more Switch units in time for Christmas? Retailers have already suggested that Nintendo Switch stock shortages will continue all year – and presumably, those estimates have been made after even factoring in a reasonable amount of additional Switch shipments.
On top of this, Nintendo already has a reputation of not being able to keep up with demand, as seen with the NES Classic and how many people were unable to get their hands on one before it was discontinued. Failing to make more Switch consoles would only further tarnish Nintendo's rep, so how the company works to avoid that will be interesting to watch.
The Nintendo Switch is available now.
Source: The Wall Street Journal
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. … The American Hockey League announced today that San Antonio Rampage forward Mikko Rantanen and Providence Bruins forward Frank Vatrano have been voted co-winners of the Dudley (Red) Garrett Memorial Award as the AHL's outstanding rookie for the 2015-16 season.
This year's award is shared as a result of a tie in the voting among AHL coaches, players and media in each of the league's 30 member cities.
At 19, Mikko Rantanen has had a remarkable 2015-16 season despite being one of the youngest players in the AHL. The 10th overall pick in the 2015 NHL Entry Draft, Rantanen leads all AHL rookies in scoring and is tied for sixth overall with 60 points (24 goals, 36 assists) for San Antonio, recording at least one point in 42 of his 51 AHL games. Rantanen is tops on the Rampage in goals, assists, points and plus/minus (+19), and is just the seventh teenager in AHL history to reach the 60-point mark in a single season.
Rantanen, who has also skated in nine NHL games with Colorado this season, appeared in the 2016 Toyota AHL All-Star Classic – where he was the second-youngest participant in the event's modern history – and won a gold medal as captain of Finland's team at the 2016 IIHF World Championship. He was voted a Second Team AHL All-Star last week.
Frank Vatrano has also had a historic first season as a professional, highlighted by his league-leading 34 goals in 34 games for Providence. Bidding to become just the fourth AHL player ever to average a goal a game in a 30-goal season, Vatrano has added 17 assists to give him 51 points, good for a league-best 1.50 points per contest, and he has recorded three hat tricks on the year, including tying an AHL record with three unassisted goals in a single game on Mar. 6 vs. Portland.
A 22-year-old native of East Longmeadow, Mass., Vatrano signed with the Boston Bruins last spring after playing at the University of Massachusetts-Amherst and appeared in 39 NHL games this season, tallying eight goals and three assists for Boston. He was selected to the First AHL All-Star Team last week.
This award, which was first presented by the AHL in 1947, honors the late Dudley (Red) Garrett, a promising young player who lost his life during World War II while serving in the Royal Canadian Navy. Garrett split his only pro season, 1942-43, between the AHL's Providence Reds and the NHL's New York Rangers.
Previous winners of the Garrett Award include Terry Sawchuk (1949), Jimmy Anderson (1955), Bill Sweeney (1958), Roger Crozier (1964), Gerry Desjardins (1968), Rick Middleton (1974), Darryl Sutter (1980), Pelle Lindbergh (1981), Steve Thomas (1985), Ron Hextall (1986), Brett Hull (1987), Felix Potvin (1992), Corey Hirsch (1993), Darcy Tucker (1996), Daniel Briere (1998), Rene Bourque (2005), Teddy Purcell (2008), Nathan Gerbe (2009), Tyler Ennis (2010), Tyler Toffoli (2013), Curtis McKenzie (2014) and Matt Murray (2015).
In operation since 1936, the American Hockey League continues to serve as the top development league for all 30 National Hockey League teams. Nearly 90 percent of all players competing in the NHL are AHL graduates, and through the years the American Hockey League has been home to more than 100 honored members of the Hockey Hall of Fame. The 2015-16 regular season ends Sunday, and then 16 clubs will continue to vie for the league's coveted championship trophy when the 2016 Calder Cup Playoffs get underway next week.
The winner of the 2015-16 Les Cunningham Award (most valuable player) will be announced Friday.
By Lauren Adams | WLKY
It was around 6:40 p.m. Wednesday when a stolen Lexus crashed into a silver-colored Porsche at the corner of Ninth and Main Streets. Police said it was a group of juveniles, ages 16, 13, and 12, that had carjacked a woman minutes before in the parking garage of the Galt House East.
According to police, it was the 12-year-old who was armed and his accomplices were brothers. The woman, who was uninjured, called 911 while the group sped away.
Eyewitness Steve Skrobot told WLKY, “The car went by probably going 70-80 miles an hour. You could hear the engine revving as he flew by; he definitely wasn't worried about slowing down.”
Another eyewitness, Jason Langley said he had narrowly avoided being hit a block before. “I saw the Lexus coming through, blazing. I got over, figured they were in a hurry or something.”
The men said after the crash the three juveniles jumped out of the stolen Lexus and began running. Just as quickly, they were taken into custody by officers with the Downtown Area Patrols, who had been in the area.
Two of the suspects were taken to the hospital, while the third was taken into custody. The driver of the Porsche, who friends said had just left work at Zirmed, was taken to the hospital with a possible concussion.
Police on scene told WLKY the parents of the juveniles had been notified and charges were expected.
A security officer for the Galt House told WLKY that they will be at maximum security during the Derby and will have off-duty officers as well as additional security guards working to guarantee safety.
Google is developing a cable-less virtual reality headset - one that doesn't need a companion phone or personal computer.
The new headsets will have positional tracking, which recognises movement as people walk around.
This is typically limited to high-end systems such as the Oculus Rift from Facebook, as lower-end systems such as Google Cardboard can only detect head orientation.
Scroll down for video
Google is developing a cable-less virtual-reality headset - one that doesn't need a companion phone or personal computer. HTC and Lenovo will make the first stand-alone VR headsets using Google's system. Pictured is a teaser of HTC's model, which will be released this year
GOOGLE'S VR HEADSET PLANS Clay Bavor revealed Google is developing a new standalone VR headset that doesn't require a phone or computer. It includes a new system called 'worldsense' that allows users' movement to be accurately tracked. The firm is working with HTC and LEnovo on the headsets, and will reeease the devices later this year. The firm is also developing a new system called VPS or virtual positioning system, for use indoors, allowing advanced augmented reality apps to guide people around stores or help those who are visually impaired, for instance.
Google announced the plans in California on Wednesday at its annual I/O conference for app developers.
'We worked closely with Qualcomm to create a standalone headset reference design, which partners can use as a blueprint to build from,' Google wrote in a blog post.
'HTC VIVE, a leader in the VR space, and Lenovo, a leader in mobile and computing, are both working on devices, with the first ones coming later this year.'
Prices haven't been announced for the two new devices.
On stage, Google Vice President for VR Clay Bavor said: 'We asked: "How can we take the best parts of smartphone VR and create a kind of device with an even better experience?"'
The move is a significant step up from Google's current 'Daydream' holsters, which are just head-mounted containers for a smartphone.
Daydream was made from fabric and was cheap, shipping for only £60 ($79), but was hampered by a limited number of compatible apps and the fact it only worked with Google's Pixel phone.
The new, standalone headsets will have 'everything built right in: no cables, no phone, certainly no big PC,' Mr Bavor said.
This allows Google and other hardware makers to optimise the sensors, optics and displays for virtual reality, he said.
The devices will feature 'Worldsense' positional tracking, which Mr bavor said gives 'dramatically improved tracking' of users.
The new headsets, which will be developed by HTC and Lenovo based on a Google reference design (pictured) will have positional tracking, which recognises movement as people walk around
The system utilises 'a handful of sensors' within the device rather than relying on external cameras or setup.
This makes sure 'your view in the virtual world matches that in the real world... you feel like you're really there.'
Following Google's presentation, HTC announced its version of the Daydream headset, called 'Vive standalone'.
FIVE BIG ANNOUNCEMENTS FROM GOOGLE'S I/O CONFERENCE Google made a number of big announcements at its annual I/O app developer conference in California this week. 1) Google Lens: Google unveiled a raft of new features for Android including a radical image recognition app that uses the cameras to give phones 'eyes'. Called Google Lens, it will be able to do everything from recognise a species of flower in a garden to translate menus in a foreign language. 2) Smart photo tools: Google says new tools will encourage sharing of photos that you might have meant to share - but forgot. Google Photos will soon be able to suggest which photos to share and whom to share them with. 3) Visual Positioning System (VPS): Google announced a new GPS-style system that recognises objects around you to work out where you are. The system has an accuracy of a few centimetres, the company said. 4) A better Google Home and a rival to Siri: The firm also unveiled a new iOS version of its smart assistant for the iPhone, taking on Siri, along with updates to its Home speaker turning it into a hands-free phone. 5) A standalone Daydream headset: Google is developing a cable-less virtual-reality headset - one that doesn't need a companion phone or personal computer.
The headset's website claims it will be 'Simplistic. Lightweight. Portable.' with 'precise movement tracking. Lean, dodge, and duck as you wish.'
When it came to the old, smartphone-based Daydream headset, Google announced that LG's next flagship phone would support the original platform.
Samsung's Galaxy S8 and S8+ will also gain support for the Daydream standard headset via an update this summer.
The system utilises a handful of sensors within the device rather than relying on external cameras or setup. In a promo video, Google showed off its headset reference design in action (pictured)
The move is a significant step up from Google's current 'Daydream' holsters - which are just head-mounted containers for a smartphone. The new, standalone headsets will have everything built right in with no cables and no phone needed
Alongside the new VR headsets, Google made a number of big announcements at this year's I/O conference.
The company unveiled a raft of new features for Android including a radical image recognition app that uses the cameras to give phones 'eyes'.
Called Google Lens, it will be able to do everything from recognise a species of flower in a garden to translate menus in a foreign language.
Google says smart new photo tools will encourage sharing of photos that you might have meant to share - but forgot.
In the promo video for the VR headset, a dodgeball-style game was shown in which the user had to evade orange balls being fired from canons
Google Photos will soon be able to suggest which photos to share and whom to share them with.
The company also announced a new GPS-style system that recognises objects around you to work out where you are with an accuracy of a few centimetres.
And the firm unveiled a new iOS version of its smart assistant for the iPhone, taking on Siri, along with updates to its Home speaker turning it into a hands-free phone.
Dear Mr. Speaker: (Dear Mr. President:)
Section 202(d) of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a national emergency unless, within 90 days of the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism declared in Executive Order 13224 of September 23, 2001, is to continue in effect beyond September 23, 2017.
The crisis constituted by grave acts of terrorism and threats of terrorism committed by foreign terrorists, including the terrorist attacks on September 11, 2001, in New York and Pennsylvania and against the Pentagon, and the continuing and immediate threat of further attacks on United States nationals or the United States that led to the declaration of a national emergency on September 23, 2001, has not been resolved. This crisis continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. For this reason, I have determined that it is necessary to continue for 1 year the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13224 with respect to persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism.
Sincerely,
DONALD J. TRUMP
US President Barack Obama must have known that his support of gay marriage would bring him trouble. But of all possible repercussions, a demand to roll back Alaska's 1867 sale to the United States was one he was unlikely to have seen coming.
MOSCOW, March 16 (RIA Novosti) – US President Barack Obama must have known that his support of gay marriage would bring him trouble. But of all possible repercussions, a demand to roll back Alaska's 1867 sale to the United States was one he was unlikely to have seen coming.
And yet that was the very claim that an ultraconservative religious group made in a Moscow arbitrage court, citing the need to protect fellow Christians from sin.
Obama's alleged plans to legalize the “so-called same-sex marriage” threaten the freedom of religion of Alaska's Orthodox Christians, who “would never accept sin for normal behavior,” the nongovernmental group Pchyolki (“Bees”) said.
“We see it as our duty to protect their right to freely practice their religion, which allows no tolerance to sin,” the group said in a statement on their website.
The Pchyolki also cited technical violations of the terms of the 1867 deal that saw Russia sell Alaska to the US government for $7.2 million, or 2 cents per acre. Payment was made by check and not golden coin as specified in the contract, the group said.
The lawsuit, filed in January but not reported by media until this week, was not processed because the Pchyolki failed to include a handful of mandatory papers, including documents to justify their claims, according to Moscow arbitrage court's website. The group had until last week to provide the required paperwork, but failed to do so for reasons left unspecified.
Among the papers the group failed to file was also a notification to the defendant, the US government, which may account for it not having commented on the lawsuit so far.
The Pchyolki are a relatively obscure group created in 2008 to protect orphans' rights in Russia, which it did by campaigning against sexual education in schools, among other things.
Their biggest claim to fame, until the Alaska lawsuit, was last year's instruction for believers published after punk band Pussy Riot's notorious performance in a Moscow church. The instruction on protecting places of worship from “blasphemers” advised to distract the offenders by spitting in their faces, ruin their recording equipment – if they have any – with holy water and detain them, with “bloodshed” deemed acceptable as long as it happens outside the church grounds.
The Russian Orthodox Church estimated its flock in Alaska at about 50,000 of the state's total population of 730,000, the BBC said in 2010, adding that the faith was the main legacy of Russia's 68-year-long rule over the northern territory.
Obama has often spoken in support of LGBT rights, including in his 2012 presidential address. But though he criticized bans on gay marriage imposed in various US states, he never voiced plans for a federal bill to legalize same-sex marriage.
The Koran says those who leave Islam will be subject to a "great torment".
This story was originally published in Newsroom.co.nz and is republished with permission.
New Zealand Muslims making the difficult - and potentially dangerous - decision to leave their faith are finding support in each another, writes Kelly Harricks.
"I called up the guy and I said, 'How many of us are there?' He said, 'You're the first one to call'. It was a council of one."
The council Hassan* called was the council of ex-Muslims of New Zealand.
These days, the organisation is no longer a council of one. Now it serves as a support network for New Zealand's growing number of ex-Muslims who have found themselves isolated from friends and family after leaving Islam.
There is a legitimate fear involved in leaving Islam; turning your back on the faith is referred to as apostasy. It is punishable by death in several countries, sometimes by law, and sometimes through mob violence.
Even in countries where the threat of physical harm or imprisonment is not a factor, many ex-Muslims stay in the closet for fear of being disowned by the people they love the most.
For Hassan leaving Islam resulted in years of estrangement from his family.
Hassan was born in New Zealand to Muslim parents and completed his schooling both in New Zealand and abroad.
He was a golden child of his community. Devout, with strong ties to the mosque and plenty of western friends, he was seen as a well-balanced Muslim.
His slow move from faith started during his university years.
After challenging Christian friends about what he saw as inconsistencies in the Bible, he then decided to analyse the Koran from an unbiased view.
"I read the Koran in English to understand, not just recite it. I remember my aunties and uncles telling me, 'Don't go too deep, ignorance is bliss. Just do as you're told rather than really trying to understand it because it will complicate things in your mind.'"
But, as Hassan read the Koran, he said his faith in it started to unravel.
"I had real issues with some of the stuff that was in there like beating your disobedient wife and having sex with your captives of war."
He found the answers Islamic scholars gave to his questions unsatisfactory.
"For instance, with the wife-beating thing I said, 'I have a real issue here because I've been brought up by my father and I've been told you shouldn't beat anyone, let alone a woman, no matter what the situation is.'
"All I got was excuses. Trying to play it down, 'Don't hit them too hard', 'Don't leave a mark', 'Use a toothbrush or a hanky', 'It's symbolic'. I thought, that's not good enough for me. I'm not buying that."
Hassan was not prepared to remain part of a religion he couldn't agree with. So he left.
At first, his family hoped it was a stage he was going through. This changed when he and his non-Muslim wife were expecting their first child.
"I said, 'Look dad, this is quite a happy time for us, we're about to have our first child, you're about to have a grandkid and you haven't even acknowledged my wife is pregnant.'
"He basically said to my face, 'I've decided when your child comes I will have nothing to do with them. There is no role for me in your child's life.'"
Despite Hassan assuring him that he wanted his child to know their culture and language, just not be subjected to religious indoctrination, his father was resolute. Without Islam, there would be no relationship.
"I guess they wanted to punish me for being like this. They also didn't want me influencing my other siblings. What they did was try to punish me and push me aside - ostracise me."
LEILA
Leila* was heavily pregnant when she suspected her Muslim husband, Ibrahim*, was having doubts about their religion.
"I knew there was something going on but when I would question him he would not really communicate with me. For a month I was a mess because I was thinking what's going to happen to us? Is the marriage going to separate? Is he going to leave Islam? I was telling him he needed to see some scholars and get back on to the path."
Ibrahim eventually shared his doubts in what Leila described as a massive vent.
"He was saying, 'Did you know Mohammad married a 6-year-old and consummated the marriage when she was 9?' It just came all spewing out and at that point I was still devout, I was still wearing the hijab, I was still practising, so I was in shock."
Leila began to research what her husband had told her and was horrified by some of what she found.
"I found a fatwa which was about an apostate's children, I had just had the baby. The fatwa was when they had reached the decision-making age – 10 or 12, then they had to choose and if they don't choose Islam they should be killed as well. It was just really traumatic to read this."
While Leila said the fatwa she found represents a minority view within Islam and wouldn't apply to countries not operating under Islamic law, the belief apostate adults should be killed is widely-held in some countries.
A 2013 Pew Research Centre study on sharia law found that in Egypt, Jordan, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Palestine, and Malaysia, the majority of those who favour sharia law also favour the death penalty for those who leave the faith, like Ibrahim.
"I still felt like he was a good person, he was a good husband, good with the kids. I love him and the idea that he would be killed under sharia law was really disturbing."
The rise of Isis also affected her thinking.
"In Islam, it's not just your family, it's the whole community you're leaving."
"If there was anything that seemed off in Islam, Muslims would say, 'But you know in an Islamic state it would make sense', - magically. This was also in the context of Isis and we were seeing they are inventing an Islamic state, and they are implementing hudud punishments [punishments specified by Allah in the Koran] and it's horrific."
Leila describes her transition from being a devout Muslim to being a non-believer as an incredibly lonely and disorienting time. She said, for her, everything shattered.
"I was crying all the time. I couldn't go behind my husband's back and throw him under the bus by talking to his family or community. I didn't feel like I could talk to anyone about it."
Ibrahim eventually announced leaving Islam to his family. His father's immediate response was to inform him his blood could be spilt. The next day his father and brother went to a lawyer to remove him from the will.
Leila said other responses were variations of "I never want to hear from you again, you're dead to me".
For Leila, letting friends know she was leaving the faith resulted in painful conversations.
Some didn't want to hear, some defended the issues Leila raised as to why she was leaving. One conversation ended with denial of the Holocaust.
"It was just hard. I was overwhelmed by the thought they all felt like we were evil and because I was still getting out of that belief system myself, I knew how strongly they felt about us.
"Ex-Muslims are the worst, because it's not just like a non-Muslim who maybe you can say, 'Oh, they just haven't seen the truth'. If you're an ex-Muslim you've seen the truth and you've denied it."
Leila found the New Zealand ex-Muslims group through Google and emailed Safwan – the same man Hassan phoned.
By this time more ex-Muslims had made contact and a private online group was created to make conversation among everyone easier.
"It was so nice. It was just amazing. Just someone that got it, that knew where we were coming from. I think if you're coming from a non-fundamentalist Judaeo-Christian background or from a secular background from New Zealand, it's just totally different. In Islam, it's not just your family, it's the whole community you're leaving," said Leila.
SAFWAN
Safwan*, the creator of the council of ex-Muslims of New Zealand, had been an active member of the Muslim community for many years when he began to research Islam more deeply.
His research led him to question his faith.
"The moment you begin picking it apart the whole thing falls apart in a very comprehensive way and there's no way you can resolve it."
He felt unable to talk to his wife, a practising Muslim, about his doubts.
"I couldn't talk to anyone at the mosque because you would then be regarded as a kaafir, or a doubter, you'll get in trouble and you don't quite know where that's going to go. I simply had nowhere else to turn to, I wasn't involved in social activities, I didn't play soccer on Sunday or anything."
An attempt to discuss his thoughts with a western co-worker ended badly with rumours spread about him within the industry he worked in.
"I caught sight of colleagues taking sneaky photos of me from behind screens. It was impossible to concentrate on my work, I just freaked out wondering what the hell was going on. I couldn't sleep, I lost weight.
"Suddenly I was a leper, a total outcast from the Muslim community and the western community. It was utterly horrendous. There's simply no one you can talk to."
In the hope he might find others in a similar position, Safwan set up the Council for ex-Muslims New Zealand website.
Two long years later, a New Zealand based ex-Muslim, Hassan, called him and they agreed to meet at a café.
"It means a huge amount to me to realise that I am not alone in this, and I am sure it means a great deal to others too. We all have different backgrounds, but much in common."
"We realised we knew all the same people in the community but all through the conversation I kept thinking, really, is he some sort of plant trying to trap me? It took a long time for me to trust him."
Hassan was not a plant and since that meeting the group has grown from a one-man council with a website, to a group that meets up regularly with a public Facebook page and private online group.
Privacy is a concern and Safwan said new members are screened before they can join the group.
"In New Zealand, we've got it easy with great personal freedoms and people are still fearful."
Safwan hopes the ex-Muslim group will continue to evolve over time as new members join.
"It means a huge amount to me to realise that I am not alone in this, and I am sure it means a great deal to others too. We all have different backgrounds, but much in common."
Politically the group has no goals although the council's website takes pains to point out they are not a right-wing, or racist, group wishing to attack Muslims.
"It's moral support; we're here for you to have a chat about it," said Safwan.
SHEIKH MOHAMMED AMIR
Also willing to chat with those having doubts about Islam is the chairperson of New Zealand's Ulama Advisory Board, Sheikh Mohammed Amir.
The board is comprised of Muslim scholars whose responsibilities include advising on religious matters in the community, upholding Islam, and educating the New Zealand community about Islam.
Sheikh Amir said if someone came to him with questions about Islam he would try to offer clarification.
"We will try to explain it to them but it is not up to us to convince them. It is something that is their right and freedom to choose whatever they want to choose."
A person leaving Islam in New Zealand would "mean nothing", Sheikh Amir said as the death penalty for apostasy only applies in countries following Islamic law.
Contrary to the experiences shared by Hassan and Leila, Sheikh Amir said cutting children off for leaving Islam was not common.
"It varies from individual to individual, but if the family decides not to speak to the person or ban him, or not have any relationship, that is up to the family.
"If they [the family of the person who has left Islam] choose to do this because of religion, perhaps it is creating issues or problems because that person comes to the house and starts speaking and the environment of the house doesn't seem to be very good because of his presence. If they feel, well, let us cut him off. Let him be at peace without interrupting and interfering with him, if they choose it, it's up to them."
"It is something that is their right and freedom to choose whatever they want to choose."
As Muslim parents struggle with their child's choice to leave the religion behind, they often blame themselves, he said.
"When children make mistakes, when they do things that cause shame to the family, of course [parents] will feel some degree of guilt that maybe there were some defects, some lack in their upbringing. That there may be some shortfall in their care."
Sheikh Amir said if one of his own children chose to leave Islam he would maintain a relationship with them.
"It would be a very, very unfortunate situation and it would be very concerning. All we can do is try to explain to them. If after this we are unable to convince them, we pray for them – for their guidance.
"We would not cut them off because without the contact how are we going to fix them?"
HASSAN
Hassan, whose phone call to Safwan started the growth of the ex-Muslim council, now has two children.
He said he wanted to share his story of leaving Islam to give hope to others.
"I guess mine is a positive story. Most of the ex-Muslim stories we hear are pretty horrible, being rejected by the family and then it's just miserable. They suffer from all of these issues, depression and things like that. For me it seems like things might be getting a bit better."
After years of estrangement his father has again become involved in their lives.
Hassan's children are growing up knowing their Muslim grandparents; at family gatherings, they play with Muslim cousins.
With a community of more than 46,000 with 25 per cent born in New Zealand, the number of New Zealand-raised Muslims is increasing.
Hassan said Muslim children being schooled in New Zealand will, just as he did, ask challenging questions about religion.
In the Muslim country where Hassan completed some of his schooling, questions were discouraged.
"I remember being told by the teachers - don't even ask this kind of questions, it's a sin to think about those kinds of things.
"Kids, born and raised here, they are asking some difficult questions already, like, 'Why is Allah letting kids in these countries suffer?' Their parents don't have the answers for the difficult questions they're asking.
"I don't think they will be easily satisfied with stupid answers – or being told don't think about that."
* Names have been changed on request.
- Council of ex-Muslims of New Zealand: http://www.cemnz.org/
- Council of ex-Muslims of New Zealand Facebook page.
This story was originally published in Newsroom.co.nz and is republished with permission.
VATICAN CITY (Reuters) - Roman Catholicism faces a serious challenge from the rising number of people who believe in God but no longer see any need for a church, according to New York Cardinal Timothy Dolan.
Cardinal Timothy Dolan, the Archbishop of New York, looks at the helicopter (not pictured) carrying Pope Benedict XVI fly off from the Vatican, on its way to the papal summer residence at Castelgandolfo, February 28, 2013. REUTERS/Yara Nardi
Opinion research shows that some people today have problems “with the very nature and meaning of the church”, Dolan, in Rome to prepare for a conclave to elect a replacement to the retired Pope Benedict, told Reuters in an interview.
Dolan said this trend, which sociologists of religion call “believing without belonging”, should be high on the list of issues that cardinals discuss at the Vatican next week before they retreat into the Sistine Chapel to vote for the pope.
Benedict officially stepped down on Thursday, the first pope in almost six centuries to do so, and the 115 cardinals due to pick his successor began informal meetings on Friday to discuss procedures for the vote and size up candidates.
“We hear that more and more people have absolutely no problem with faith, but they do with religion,” Dolan, 63 and mentioned among possible candidates for the papacy, said.
“While more and more people have no problem at all with Jesus Christ, they love him and accept him as their Lord and saviour, they do have problems with the church,” he said. “More and more people don't see the need for the church.”
The phrase “believing without belonging”, coined by British sociologist Grace Davie in the 1990s, describes the growing number of people who say they are “spiritual but not religious” and leave organised religion behind.
The trend, seen in Europe and North America, has especially hurt established Christian churches that have seen their ranks dwindle.
In the United States, the “nones” - people with no religious affiliation - have grown from seven to 18 percent of the population since 1972, according to a Pew Forum study.
A third of those born after 1980 are unaffiliated, it said, compared to 15 percent among their “baby boom” parents and five percent in their grandparents' generation.
Dolan noted this and other studies showed most Catholics did not abandon the “faith of their fathers”, but the church could not ignore the trend. “It is a problem,” he said.
For Catholics, he said, faith in and love of Jesus Christ have always been linked with being part of the church.
“The two were a package deal - you don't have one without the other,” he said. “We have to reclaim that lustre. We have to reclaim that relationship that Jesus and his church are one.”
RELIGIOUS PERSECUTION
The New York archbishop said the Catholic Church, which with 1.2 billion faithful is by far the world's largest church, should also become more active in fighting religious persecution against people of all faiths around the globe.
At a recent synod of bishops to discuss Church efforts to revive Catholicism's missionary spirit, he said, several bishops suggested the Vatican create a separate office to monitor violations of religious liberty around the world.
“If people are persecuted anywhere for their religious belief, they should be able to look to the Catholic Church as a major defender,” he said.
Dolan, who has led opposition to the Obama administration's healthcare mandate requiring religious institutions to provide birth control in their health plans, said this office should also monitor violations that “take place not in Third World countries but in First World countries”.
“There seems to be a pretty well oiled choreography to reduce religion and faith to the excessively private and where religion may have absolutely no public witness and voice in the public square,” he said.
“That's another subtle form of religious persecution.”
Reform of the Curia, whose mismanagement has become a pressing issue before the conclave, must be considered but “I don't think we need to get overly obsessed with that,” he said.
Dolan has joked that anyone who lists him among potential popes “must have been smoking marijuana”, and laughed off talk in Rome that he could emerge from the Sistine Chapel in white papal robes.
“I don't know what other way to say I find that extraordinarily unlikely,” he declared.
The spike in financial market volatility around the world will not leave Canada unscathed, said CIBC World Markets, as it downgraded its outlook for the country's economic growth this year.
The bank's chief economist said Thursday that he now sees gross domestic product expanding by just 1.3 per cent this year, compared with a forecast of 1.7 per cent made at the start of the year.
CIBC acknowledged the downgrade, hitting just a month after it issued its 2016 forecast, is unusual.
“But then again, these are unusual times,” said Avery Shenfeld, chief economist of CIBC World Markets. “Oil's further plunge, and a similar malaise across most of the resource space, continues to push back the timetable for reaching a bottom in related capital spending in Canada.”
The downgrade brings CIBC even further below consensus calls for economic growth this year, which based on a survey of economists by Bloomberg, currently sits at 1.8 per cent.
It also adds to the concerns voiced by both economists and central banks this week about the volatility in global markets. On Wednesday, the U.S. Federal Reserve issued a dovish statement that said it was closely monitoring the steep selloff in stock markets this month.
Shenfeld said even his 1.3 per cent growth call might be optimistic, as it factors in the federal government spending $10 billion more on stimulus this year than originally envisioned, a $30-billion federal deficit and the Canadian dollar going even lower.
The forecast weighs the positive effects of a lower loonie for exporters versus the negative effects of the oil price crash. Shenfeld notes that the latter is still filtering into the economy, adding to the downside pressure.
“While the country's GDP is less heavily weighted to resource sector spending than it was a year ago, we're only in the early stages of the negative spillover effects on other sectors,” he said.
With that shock still hurting business confidence and leading to layoffs, Canada's one economic bright spot will also be under assault this year: job creation. The Canadian economy managed to produce 158,000 new jobs last year despite the layoffs in the energy sector, a growth rate of 0.9 per cent. Stronger than the growth rate of 0.7 per cent in both 2013 and 2014.
But it will be hard to repeat that feat this year, said Shenfeld.
“It's only because employment grew that we didn't record an official recession, since real GDP fell slightly in the year to October 2015,” he said. “That employment trend looks vulnerable in the affected provinces given signs of accelerating layoffs in the resource sector, and the fact that job creation has been leaning so heavily on self-employment rather than business hiring.”
Continuing my series on human rights, I want to highlight an important recently published book by Emilie Hafner-Burton[1] that deserves a much wider audience than it has received so far. Making Human Rights a Reality brilliantly conveys to an educated lay public what social scientists have learned about human rights abuse and how (not) to stop it . Moreover, it contains a number of sophisticated but controversial proposals to make the international human rights regime work better.
Emilie Hafner-Burton is a professor at the University of California at San Diego. She is one of the most prominent scholars in the field of human rights with an extensive academic publication record. She also won the International Studies Association's 2012 Karl Deutsch award,which is handed out to a scholar under the age of 40 who is judged to have made the most significant contribution to the study of international relations and peace research.
The first part of the book examines the causes of human rights abuse. The chapters evaluate what political scientists have learned about the structural factors that provide incentives for abuse but it also examines lessons from psychology, anthropology, and criminology to understand why individuals and networks of individuals persist in abusing others. There are at least two general lessons that emerge from this. The first is that abuses persists when individuals rightly or wrongly believe that they will gain something from this behavior; not because abusers are psychologically or biologically abnormal. The second lesson is that the reasons these beliefs persist are quite varied across societies. In some places they stem from civil wars, in others from illiberal dictatorship and in yet others from legacies of violence or distrust that are difficult to break. A universal human rights system may be insufficiently tailored to adequately break the specific incentives that keep abuse alive in particular contexts.
The second part provides an overview of existing human rights institutions and of scholarly research into the effectiveness of these institutions. As I wrote last week, global human rights treaties at best have a modest effect in a smallish subset of states that does not include the world's worst human rights abusers. Hafner-Burton rightly lauds the existing system for its achievements, including developing normative standards. Yet, she also argues, with Jacob Mchangama and Guglielmo Verdirame, that human rights treaties have proliferated too much and that this threatens the legitimacy of the human rights system as a whole (see my views on this here). Consequentially, activists and states that care about human rights improvement should not invest in more global human rights treaties that define new rights.
Instead, Hafner-Burton favors a more decentralized solution with a central role for “stewards:” states that have for one reason or another decided that improving the human rights of others should be a central component of their foreign policies. She argues that these steward states waste precious resources by investing in ineffective strategies and institutions. She advocates several avenues for improving the efficiency of human rights policies. States should better localize which agencies within a state are primarily responsible for abuses or what the causes of abuse in a specific context are. Moreover, triage should lead states to invest more heavily in areas of human rights promotion where the evidence suggests that it is most likely to work. In essence, human rights policy should undergo a similar revolution to the one attempted in development and foreign aid where attention for project evaluation and tailored investments has been a staple of the policy debate for over a decade.
This argument is controversial in part because it moves the human rights system away from the cherished principle of universality and highlights a not so cherished principle among human rights advocates: state power. I can't possibly do justice to all the nuances here and I hope to take on some of the recommendations more critically as my series continues. For now, let me simply recommend that you go read the book (chapter one is freely available from Princeton University Press).
Like it or not, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle says her cash-strapped county needs higher taxes on alcohol and tobacco to solve a deep deficit.
In the proposed 2012 budget, Preckwinkle called for a hike in the alcohol tax to generate as much as $10.9 million a year in additional revenue.
Beer and wine would see an increase of 6 to 9 cents per gallon, and spirits or any booze that's 20 percent of alcohol by volume or higher would go from $2 per gallon to $2.50. It would partially make up for the quarter drop in sales tax expected at the end of the year.
"The cost of alcohol will go down because we've reduced the sales tax," Preckwinkle said, "so what customers will see is a reduction of their bills as a result of the reduction of the sales tax."
Millions Lost in Cigarette Tax Evaders: Preckwinkle
Cook County President Toni Preckwinkle and Sheriff Tom Dart say a collaborative effort to crack down on merchants has already reaped big rewards in a short time. (Published Tuesday, Jan. 3, 2012)
Preckwinkle also wants to close the loophole on the current cigarette tax to include loose tobacco, rolling papers and snuff. She estimates it would generate an additional $12 million a year in revenue.
Some companies aren't pleased with the proposed increases, and owners say it would drive business out of the county. The Distilled Spirits Council on Tuesday blasted the tax, calling it a "job-killing burden" on an already struggling hospitality industry.
"While we appreciate the difficult position the commissioners are in with respect to the budget, the Chicago-area hospitality industry is also in a very difficult position – down 13,000 jobs since the recession," said DISCUS Vice President Dale Szyndrowski in a statement.
Preckwinkle Pushes for 'Sin Tax' Increase
In the proposed 2012 budget, Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle called for a hike in the alcohol tax to generate as much as $10.9 million a year in additional revenue. "The cost of alcohol will go down because we've reduced the sales tax," Preckwinkle said. (Published Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2011)
But the Respiratory Health Association applauded the proposed tobacco ordinance. Association president Joel Africk said the tax would save lives and discourage young people to avoid non-cigarette tobacco.
The proposed 2012 county budget is slated to go before the board next week.
Senator Tom Cotton (R-AR) joined Bill O'Reilly last night on The O'Reilly Factor.
Senator Cotton pointed to partisan political appointees in the FBI as the intelligence leakers.
Senator Tom Cotton: our inquiry and review on the Intelligence Committee is moving forward at a good pace. We just got access to a lot of very important documents that otherwise would be very closely restricted. Let me point out that it was the Trump administration that gave us that access not the Obama administration. So, so far the level of cooperation we've received has been very thorough…
Bill O'Reilly: I want to know who ordered the wiretap on the Russian ambassador that picked up General Flynn at, we think the Trump Tower, we're not 100% sure. I want to know what agency authorized that. Do you know? Can you tell me tonight?
Senator Cotton: Bill I prefer not to speak about what surveilance orders may or may not have been in place because it is a classified matter.
Bill O'Reilly: Do you know who ordered it?
Senator Cotton: Bill as a member of the Intelligence Committee I am aware of and follow closely what the agencies do…
Bill O'Reilly: OK. You know who did it. OK. And I understand if it's classified and you know President Trump could make it unclassified like that. Boom.
Senator Cotton: So the president does have that kind of declassification authority. I have suggested that some leaders of the intelligence community might want to make some kind of public statement. But I understand the reluctance of them and potentially President Trump as well. Because this kind of methods…
Bill O'Reilly: Now let me take the next step. You know who did it. What agency did it. So you know who had the transcript made of it. Because the agency who tapped had to make the transcript. Then the transcript is leaked. So you know which agency has to be investigated to find the leaker. Correct?
Senator Cotton: Bill, I make two points about that. First I've seen media reports suggested Obama officials intentionally spread intelligence information widely to include just raising it in meetings when it was inappropriate to do so. They claim it was trying to preserve intelligence. I suspect it was more likely they were trying to get it to leak. Secondly the FBI is not just a law enforcement service, it's also our main counter-intelligence service. The FBI is part of the Department of Justice. The FBI until January 20th was run by Obama political appointees. And the mains consumer of intelligence is the White House and National Security Council. So you have many partisan Democrats who are receiving this information. And I think it there might be a good chance you want to look at some of those partisan Democrats who left office on January 20th and now are being identified as former US officials if you want to know where some of these leaks are coming from.
The governor of California has signed Senate Bill 255, which will make the posting of "revenge porn" a crime.
Revenge porn made headlines this year; the success of Hunter Moore's IsAnybodyUp spawned even more tasteless sites like IsAnybodyDown, founded by Craig Brittain. That site, which has been taken down, ran on an extortion-like business model. Nude pictures were posted with identifying information, without the consent of the subjects. The only way to get the photos down was to make a payment, which was apparently going to the owner of the site, Craig Brittain—although Brittain denied that to the end.
In California, anyone distributes nude photos online with an "intent to harass or annoy" can now face six months in jail as well as a $1,000 fine. The bill was signed yesterday and goes into effect immediately.
"Until now, there was no tool for law enforcement to protect victims,” said the bill's sponsor, State Senator Anthony Cannella, a Republican from a district in California's Central Valley. “Too many haves had their lives upended because of an action of another that they trusted.”
Cannella wrote in a statement that "revenge porn often begins when relationships end." Sometimes, private consensual photos can get shared and used in ways that the subject never foresaw.
Revenge porn sites typically used Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act as a shield, arguing they could not be held liable for invasive material posted by users. The ACLU had opposed the California bill, arguing it might restrict free speech rights, according to an Associated Press report.
Florida lawmakers considered a similar law earlier this year but did not enact it, according to AP.
The prevalence of revenge porn has spawned activism to get more bills like California's passed into law.
Fans of stereotypes were celebrating last night, after corrupt Italian prosecutor Giuliano Mignini saw his case against Amanda Knox collapse due to unreliable evidence.
Allowing a prosecutor with a recent conviction for ‘abuse of office' to take chage of the case was the first step in ensuring the global perception of Italian officials in high office remained intact.
However mishandling of evidence, witness intimidation and a complete disregard for due process have ensured Italy is once again clear at the top of the sleazy stereotype league.
Steve Matthews, 35 told us, “I've always been a fan of the Italian stereotype of corruption throughout positions of power, and their lackadaisical approach to process, but this appeal was a godsend, frankly.”
Knox conviction quashed
Matthews went on, “It's almost like someone asked a Hollywood scriptwriter to put together a plot for how a traditionally corrupt and incompetent police force would look to push through the conviction of an innocent girl on the whim of the ‘boss'.”
“Though if she'd been black, and actually been executed, we could have set the film in the US.”
Stereotype expert Simon Davies said the latest revelations were good for Italy as a whole.
He told reporters, “It's about time to be honest. Poor old Silvio Berlusconi has been carrying the weight of a nation's stereotype all by himself. Fortunately, the world's media have been on hand to see this incident.”
“Say what you like about the Italians – no, I mean it, say what you like, they don't give a shit.”
Give thanks to Malaysia for heading off, at least temporarily, an American effort to weaken the ability of countries to impose stiff rules on the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products within their own borders. The Malaysian proposal to preserve that ability led to a stalemate at a Trans-Pacific Partnership trade meeting in Brunei last week and forced the deferral of the issue to future meetings.
The United States and 11 countries bordering the Pacific Ocean had been engaged in the latest round of negotiations over a treaty intended to lower tariffs and other barriers to commerce. One of the issues was whether tobacco should be included in such a treaty or “carved out” so that health considerations could take precedence over expanded trade. The issue pits health advocates against the tobacco industry and other commercial interests.
On public health grounds, tobacco ought to be excluded from whatever rules are designed to increase trade in agricultural products. Reducing trade barriers to tobacco, a uniquely dangerous product, would serve to increase tobacco consumption and lead to many additional deaths on top of an already high total. Tobacco killed an estimated 100 million people in the 20th century and is projected to kill 1 billion people in this century unless strong action is taken to mitigate the damage. A carve-out from trade rules is only one tactic, but it could save millions of lives, especially in developing countries vulnerable to the industry's pressure.
The United States, which in advance of the meeting had favored a relatively strong proposal to protect a nation's tobacco control measures from being challenged as violations of trade agreements, offered a weaker proposal in Brunei. The American proposal simply refers to other international agreements that allow exceptions for public health and requires health officials from the 12 Trans-Pacific Partnership countries to consult each other before making trade challenges. It would not prevent the challenges from moving forward.
Brett Banasiewicz is in critical condition following a nasty crash earlier today at the Vans LXVI Invitational in Virginia Beach, Virginia.
Jerry Badders, Vans BMX team manager, recently posted the following update on Twitter -
"Maddog is not in a coma. He's doing better. Took neck brace off, no fractures to face. He is stable. Cleaning things up. Keep it up Maddog."
We'll keep you posted as more updates become available. Please send positive thoughts to Brett and his family!
UPDATE from Brett's mother -
“The good news is that he is squeezing Trish's hand, when they are drawing blood he is reacting to pain, they have taken off the neck collar so we are thankful for his neck & spine. Please pray that his brain will heal. He is in the best care & we have Trish Grounds, watching over him. Trish will take care of my baby.”
UPDATE from Ryan Nyquist -
"The Latest on Brett @ iMaddog9: he woke up, no broken bones, but has bleeding & swelling in brain. Induced coma and monitoring. Get well buddy!"
UPDATE from Athlete Recovery Fund -
"The Banasiewicz Family would like to thank family, friends, fans & sponsors for their amazing outpouring of support for Brett following his accident yesterday during practice for the Vans BMX competition in Virginia Beach, VA. Yesterday Brett crashed hitting his head which rendered him unconscious. Brett remains unconscious & in critical condition but he has remained stable since his initial arrival at the hospital. Brett's neurosurgeon feels strongly that Brett can & should make a full recovery, but it is going to take time for his brain to heal and therefore an unknown amount of time before he wakes up and begins his recovery. Miraculously he sustained no fractures and only minimal bruising & abrasions to his torso, arms & face, all of which will heal quickly. Brett has full use of all of his limbs and is showing stronger usage of arms & legs each time he is evaluated. We would like to encourage everyone who wants to send him well wishes to do so through his Twitter @iMaddog9 or via his Facebook Fan Page. We would also like to thank the Athlete Recovery Fund for their swift reaction as we have been in contact with them since just moments after the accident. We will try to do periodic updates via his Facebook Fan Page until Brett can communicate on his own behalf. Thank you."
Ahead of the final World Cup "tune-up" for the US national team this past Saturday against Nigeria, coach Jurgen Klinsmann played down the effect of the sudden formation change the national team has experienced since the 2-2 draw with Mexico in Arizona on April 2.
Claimed Klinsmann, "It doesn't really matter what shape we have or what system we have, it matters how we kind of connect with one another on the field." His comments, of course, came in the wake of the USA's sudden usage of, and success with, the "diamond" midfield.
To paraphrase the coach: Formations are too crude for analyzing the modern game. After all, a team's "shape" and "system" do not always imply specific "tactics." In a world where team formation has become increasingly pluralist, team tactics have become – to borrow a term from chess jargon – "sharp."
Games are commonly decided by situations uncharacteristic of the rest of the match, and one team's precision, or sharpness, in those moments can make or break an entire World Cup campaign.
Using other chess parlance, tactics are not considered synonymous with strategy. A "tactic" is a sequence of premeditated movement that exploits an opponent's current shape. A "strategy" is a style of play; and certain strategies cause certain tactical opportunities to present themselves at different frequencies.
The variety, volume and location of tactical opportunities are byproducts of the combined strategies at play in every single match. And while a team's strategy may not shift immensely from game to game, their tactics must. Soccer is the same.
In this chess metaphor, the diamond midfield is a strategy, while Kyle Beckerman dropping deep between his own splitting center backs is a tactic. Beckerman "connecting" Matt Besler with Geoff Cameron – and releasing Fabian Johnson up the wing – on the build-up to Jozy Altidore's first goal in many months is exactly what Klinsmann is focusing on. Rightfully so.
While the United States has now gone four straight matches sporting the aforementioned "diamond" midfield, the diamonds haven't all been of the same shape or size. Each has provided the national team with a slightly different look via game-specific tactical wrinkles.
We can glean insight into these "connections" that Klinsmann mentions by means of network passing diagrams. These diagrams are not perfect, as they struggle to deal with things such as in-game formation changes and the increased substitution rates common to friendly matches, but they are immensely data-dense. They reduce more of a singe game's worth of data into a graphic than perhaps any other variety of soccer visualization.
Beckerman (No. 14) and Bradley (No. 4) vs. Mexico
Jones (No. 13) and Bradley (No. 4) vs. Azerbaijan:
Jones (No. 13) and Bradley (No. 4) vs. Turkey:
Beckerman (No. 15) AND Jones (No. 13) and Bradley (No. 4) vs. Nigeria:
In the last four matches, the United States have expressed three different interpretations of the "diamond" midfield.
The first (vs. Mexico) was an asymmetrical deployment of the two central midfielders, which provided additional width in the defensive midfield.
The second (vs. Azerbaijan & Turkey) was a much more traditional diamond, with the defensive midfielder directly behind his attacking partner. Curiously, the first match in this alignment provided one of the most disciplined outings from Jermaine Jones in recent memory, directly followed by a performance against Turkey that was the utter opposite.
The fourth and final of Klinsmann's "diamond" interpretations was a bit more innovative (and a decidedly expressionist definition of a "diamond"). Bringing Klinsmann's tactical saga full circle, the Yanks returned to the "three defensive midfielders" system that was criticized ad nauseam early in Jurgen's tenure.
While similar in formation, this iteration is drastically different tactically than its predecessors. Now built upon the foundation of ball-playing center backs of Besler and Cameron, flanked by inverted wingbacks and paired with Jones in a "Gattuso role," this system perfectly balanced beauty and bite for the first 80 minutes against World Cup-bound Nigeria.
These nuances, or tactics, will certainly be on display at different points in Brazil.
As expressed by Klinsmann and reiterated by coaches around the world, the modern game no longer depends on formation as much as it does tactics. While the different tactical motifs Klinsmann has used in the last four matches all fall under the "diamond" midfield family tree, the national team's success in Brazil will not hinge on the merits of the "diamond" midfield itself.
Instead, it will depend upon game-specific tweaks – and perhaps a few lucky bounces of the ball.
Louis van Gaal gave Tom Cleverley the armband vs. Roma, a big confidence boost for a man in need.
DENVER -- Downtown, Friday evening. The city is buzzing with summer activity, especially around the Four Seasons hotel, where Manchester United are staying.
By 10 p.m., several of United's travelling party have finished their day's work and have time to enjoy the city's nightlife. Not the players, though. They're upstairs in a meeting room on the orders of new manager Louis van Gaal. He wants them to finalise studying the tactics and formations of AS Roma, United's friendly opponents in the Mile High City on Saturday night. Maybe the players are tempted by the packed bars and restaurants they can see outside the hotel, but they'll have no nights out on their three-week tour.
It's a long way from the early days under Sir Alex Ferguson, when United's players went out until dawn on a preseason trip to Japan and finished the night arm wrestling with U.S. Marines in a bar. Clayton Blackmore said he was only narrowly defeated in the final by a Marine he claimed was twice his size.
United's players are getting used to Van Gaal's methods, and they're liking it. It's hard, but the 20-time English champions aren't going to return to the top by arm wrestling with Americans at 5 a.m.
- Musa Okwonga: No room for complacency at Utd
- Transfer Talk: Chicharito to Inter?
Van Gaal has given every player except Wilfried Zaha a chance on this tour. The former Crystal Palace player wasn't the most professional of players at Old Trafford last year, and his United career has yet to take off. There are doubts that it ever will.
Several of his teammates, meanwhile, are playing for their futures at the club, and Van Gaal will be fair to all. For their 3-2 win over Roma in Denver, he made Tom Cleverley captain. That's the same Tom Cleverley who suffered so much abuse from football fans (including his own) last season that he deleted his social media account.
The vitriol grew unchecked when his manager, David Moyes, didn't come out and defend his under-fire player. England manager Roy Hodgson eventually did, but Cleverley's international experience has been a double-edged sword. After Cleverley made one trip away to play for his country, Ferguson told him he'd done far too many interviews and firmly instructed him to let his football do the talking.
Van Gaal is giving most United players a chance on tour as he evaluates his new squad.
It was heeded, but Cleverley's online presence caused consternation. Though he was hardly that active on Twitter, the decision for him to have a slick personal website with lifestyle photos when he was barely out of double digits for United didn't go down well with fans who, like Ferguson, felt it was too much too soon. Cleverley, a pleasant, inoffensive Yorkshireman, was only doing as he was advised, though when he described his hero as David Beckham, some thought that he wanted the limelight away from football.
The player known as "Chunks" (he struggled to pronounce "trunks" as a young player) had impressed since joining United at 12 from Bradford. Ferguson called him "Thomas" and helped nurture his talent, even though he was tiny compared to his teammates at 14. He grew and worked his way through the ranks when his close mates moved on to play with Hull and Leicester. Cleverley played for Leicester, too, but as a loan player. He took three loans, moving up a league each season until he was with Wigan in the Premier League. Wigan coach Roberto Martinez liked him and made him a mainstay of his side. Martinez was a suitor last season when Cleverley wasn't having a good time at Old Trafford.
Before that, assistant manager Mike Phelan had been a major influence on the midfielder, but he left United after Ferguson and Cleverley was quickly shorn of two of his prominent mentors. Last season was not a good one for him, and he received more abuse than most United players as the club finished seventh. He didn't go to the World Cup with England -- it was Hodgson's decision rather than that of the fans who had booed his appearance in one game and started a petition that he shouldn't go to Brazil.
Cleverley stayed at Old Trafford; despite the abuse and huge dip in popularity, there are senior staffers like Ryan Giggs who believe in his talents. They also think it's important to retain a player who's been at United 12 years. That matters to a club which lost a huge chunk of experienced players in the last 12 months. Cleverley may come good there, but if he doesn't, he'll still be given a chance under Van Gaal, and the decision to hand him the armband lifted his confidence. Cleverley, 24, believes he is Van Gaal's type of player.
Wayne Rooney and Juan Mata both impressed in Denver as Man United beat Roma.
He'll be judged by his performances, and while the heat (30 degrees), altitude (Denver is 5,280 feet above sea level) and pitch made for difficult conditions and required two in-game water breaks, Cleverley performed well, adding balance, retaining possession, linking and connecting. He'll need to do more to get into the team ahead of the other midfielders, Shinji Kagawa, Juan Mata, Darren Fletcher, Marouane Fellaini and Michael Carrick.
The No. 23 (Beckham's old number at Madrid) was substituted for Javier Hernandez after 69 minutes and can be excused for initially forgetting to pass the captain's armband on. Van Gaal and Giggs both patted him on the back and the feeling in the dressing room was that it had been a positive afternoon for the stand-in skipper.
United were excellent in a 15-minute spell before the end of the first half in which they scored three goals -- two of them superb efforts from Rooney and Mata which Van Gaal described as "remarkable, fantastic" -- without reply, and nine changes were made at halftime. Without their best players, United's possession was reduced in the second period and the Dutchman opined that they "didn't play a good match."
For Cleverley, he needs to play many a good match to win back the hearts and minds of supporters who don't think he's good enough to play in midfield for Manchester United. It looks like he'll get that chance.
Andy Mitten is a freelance writer and the founder and editor of United We Stand. Follow him on Twitter: @AndyMitten.
Rebellion has announced that the upcoming Sniper Elite 4 will support PlayStation 4 Pro upon its launch on February 14, 2017.
The PS4 Pro version of the game will include a number of technical improvements over the standard version, including a beefed up frame rate, enhanced lighting effects, and improved loading times. See below for more details.
• Enhanced frame rate
• Increased draw distances
• Increased geometry level of detail
• Improved lighting and shadows fidelity
• Increased image quality of reflections
• Faster loading times
Sniper Elite 4 gameplay
We've worked really hard to make Sniper Elite 4 our biggest and best game ever," said Rebellion CTO and Co-founder Chris Kingsley, "And now the power of PlayStation®4 Pro, and DirectX 12 on PC, means we can take things even further for our fans who want the best sniper experience in the world. We're turning everything up to 12!"
Sniper Elite 4 takes place shortly after the events of its predecessor, taking protagonist and sharp-shooter Karl Fairburne to Italy in the year 1943. Here, the gruff sniper finds himself aiding the Italian resistance in the ongoing war against the Fascist invaders, taking him through a variety of locations from mountain communities to winding streets and open fields. The game introduces large-scale environments into the mix, affording players more freedom in tackling their objective.
Read our Sniper Elite 4 preview to find out how the game is shaping up, and stay tuned for our full review in the coming weeks. Oh, and yes, you'll be able to kill Hitler again.
'The Ripper': Duwayne Henry, pictured, was jailed for life at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday
A serial rapist who called himself 'the Ripper' was caught after he attacked a woman in a home-made 'torture chamber'.
Duwayne Henry selected his victims using an online escort agency and lured them to his flat in Hackney, east London, where they were threatened with knives and repeatedly raped.
Police found a knife, a circular saw and a hedge trimmer laid out on the floor of his bedroom when they searched his home.
Officers believe he intended to use these weapons on his final victim, but was interrupted by a passer-by who heard her screams.
The mystery hero has never been identified.
Henry was jailed for life with a minimum sentence of 12 and a half years at Blackfriars Crown Court yesterday.
The 34-year-old targeted at least three prostitutes during his 14-month spree, believing their trade meant they were less likely to report his crimes, police said.
In the first known assault, which took place in early 2013, Henry repeatedly raped his victim in a brutal three-hour attack before taking a photo of the woman's driving licence.
He told her he would use the details to find her and kill her if she went to the police.
In the second known attack, in April 2013, Henry gagged the victim with duct-tape before and raped her at knife-point. He then forced her to wash his bedsheets before raping her again on the floor.
His final attack took place in February 2014, when Henry booked an escort to meet him outside the flats where he lived.
He held a knife to his victim's eye and led her to his bedroom, described by police as a 'torture chamber', where he had laid out a circular saw, seven knives and a hedge trimmer.
One of these items was plugged into the mains.
As soon as she entered the room, Henry held a knife to the woman's eye. He pushed her over and told her she was going to die. The woman was gagged, tied up, and raped.
The rapist was interrupted when a man, alerted by the woman's screams, appeared in the doorway of Henry's bedroom. He untied the woman, who phoned the police.
'Torture chamber': Henry selected his victims using an online escort agency before luring them to his flat in Hackney, east London, pictured. There, the women were threatened, tied up and repeatedly raped
The victim later told officers that Henry threatened her and said: 'I'm invisible, I'm the Ripper'.
Officers from the Metropolitan Police found one victim's phone in his flat and managed to track down a second victim.
The mystery 'good Samaritan' has never been identified, despite a police appeal last year.
Detective Inspector Tony Lynes said: 'Henry's attacks were thoroughly planned.
'He controlled the environment where the attacks took place, avoiding the risk of being disturbed.
'Luckily he did not take into account the courage of his victims or the tenacity of the detectives investigating this case and I am pleased that today he can look forward to a substantial prison sentence.
'The crimes Henry has been convicted of today are appalling but I can't be certain that there aren't more victims out there.'
On sentencing, the Judge John Hillen said: 'You are a serial rapist. The terror you instilled in your victims, by use of weapons and words used and restraints do not bear imagining.
'Your crimes are at the highest end of wickedness and are disturbing for the public.
'You present a danger to women and present a significant risk of serious harm to the public.'
There seems to be confusion as to what neoreaction actually is. Most outsiders focus on monarchy and technology, most other alt-righters focus on it not being their particular brand of right-wing thought. I've written an introduction to neoreaction on Reaction Times, but it was a simple description made in relatable terms and doesn't get to the core of it.
Keldory got the right idea on Twitter:
To reduce violence, align actual ownership with actual control (power), and stop lying about the relationship between them. — Keldory (@Keldory20) November 2, 2015
The core of neoreaction is the two interrelated ideas of formalism and neocameralism.
Formalism is the essentialist notion that the symbolic and the real should align, particularly when it relates to power. The mythic, factual, and social truths of power should be the same. He who rules in name should rule in fact, and he who has power should hold an office and title truthfully indicating his power.
Neocameralism flows from formalism. It is the truth that the state is simply a group of people working towards a common goal, it is a corporation. The only difference between it and other corporations are sovereignty and territoriality. Sovereignty is the right to force obedience through violence, while territoriality applies this sovereignty to a particular geographic area.
Formalism and neocamericalism are neoreaction, everything else flows from these two ideas. Combined these ideas give the neoreactionary position: that the state should acknowledge that it is a corporation sovereign with ownership over its particular territory and the residents therein and that it should openly wield and delegate its power as an owner.
Notice how these ideas are rather abstract and lacking in any concrete prescriptions or goals. This is what confuses outsiders and this is why neoreaction can seem somewhat schizophrenic at times. People tend to judge ideologies on their goals and prescriptions, while neoreaction's only real prescription is ‘make real power and theoretical power converge and wield them openly', which is a rather vague.
Because of the abstract nature of core neoreactionary ideas, neoreactionaries can mold these ideas into very distinct ideologies. For example, Nick Land and Nick Steves both derive very different prescriptions from neoreactionary axioms.
****
Some clarifications:
One form of neocameralism which was mentioned by Moldbug, the joint-stock corporation government, has been the focus of people criticizing neocameralism. It's probably unworkable, but the cryptographic joint-stock government is not the core of neocameralism, rather it is one possible prescription derived from it. Sometimes, due to it being included in the original patchwork posts, the two are conflated.
As well, the word corporation can confuse people. Colloquially people generally use ‘corporation' to refer to large, for-profit organizations, and corporation automatically brings to mind McDonald's or Monsanto. Corporation in this case is used in its more proper definition: a group of individuals recognized by law as having an independent existence apart from any particular individual. The state being a corporation does not necessitate it being for-profit, impersonal, large, etc. For example, your local church and community clubs are corporations.
The Observer noted yesterday that:
Highly paid City traders are depriving pensioners and savers of thousands of pounds through high management fees that are often hidden, according to leaked advice provided by consultants to the Treasury. The charges are spreading and are so steep that savers may find they get less back in retirement than they invested in savings accounts and pensions over their lifetimes.
This is just about inevitable. Referring to a City of London publication on the equities market, produced in October 2011, shows that the average rates of return on equities have been as follows:
Pension saving is long term. Over the long term the returns, expect in the small German market and even smaller Swiss market, have been negative. Globally they are 0.5%. Annual pension charges are at least 1.5% in most funds. After dealing costs absorb returns they rise well above that.
As I have argued in People's Pensions in 2003 and more recently in Making Pensions Work, investing pension money n equities did not in 2003 and still does not now make any sense at all. Losses are virtually guaranteed and the City rakes off billions - in my estimate up to £30 billion a year from pension funds - for the privilege of losing it for the ordinary people of this country. This is blatantly capturing the benefit of the common good of pensions for the benefit of a few. No wonder, as I showed in Making Pensions Work, that this industry is incapable of generating any returns at all to pay pensions - which is why all pensions in this country are currently effectively paid for by the state when the cost of pension tax relief is taken into account.
The disaster is that in 2013 millions more people will be compelled to throw money at the City each month. The National Employment Savings Trust - designed in 2006 in another economic era - is intended to force low paid employees to give 4% of their earnings to the City to lose for them month in and month out from 2013 onwards. This will be a disaster for the economy where enforced savings is currently the last thing we want, and it will be a disaster for these savers.
I have met this fund and they refused to consider the alternative of a fund invested in infrastructure as I have proposed. Conventional wisdom has to be followed they say. Which means that these people will be ripped off as are almost all pensioners now, and all to benefit the 1% in the City.
When will we stop this pensions madness?
Making Pensions Work lays out the alternatives.
At Tuesday's news conference at Trump Tower, the president was asked about the weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. Shortly after saying that some "very fine people" marched with the white supremacists and neo-Nazis and reiterating his much criticized position that both white supremacists and the counter-protesters who turned up to oppose them were somehow equivalently "bad" or violent," the president took a question about his plans to visit Charlottesville. His response?
"Does anyone know I own a house in Charlottesville ... it is the winery ... I own actually one of the largest wineries in the United States."
Asked if he plans to go to Charlottesville following last weekend's violence, Pres. Trump says he owns winery there https://t.co/JWgPb30f7H pic.twitter.com/MyJtFrHuKJ — ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) August 15, 2017
Let's break that down.
Trump was referring to Trump Winery, which he took over after the Kluge family, which previously owned and ran it, defaulted on bank loans. The saga of how he acquired it is fascinating (and you can read all about it here) and there's an attractive inn on the property today (above). But his claim about owning it? That's false according to the winery itself, whose website has the following disclaimer:
Trump Winery is a registered trade name of Eric Trump Wine Manufacturing LLC, which is not owned, managed or affiliated with Donald J. Trump, The Trump Organization or any of their affiliates.
And as for the statement about it being one of the largest wineries in the United States, that's also not true. In fact, it's not even one the largest wineries on the East Coast.
A bottle of Trump Winery blanc de blancs sparkling wine Photo by Dylan Rives/Getty Images for SOBEWFF
Politifact found multiple wineries that are larger in terms of acreage and production. Trump Winery has 210 acres of vines planted and makes about 36,000 cases of wine per year. But the Finger Lakes's Wagner Vineyards Estate Winery cultivates 250 acres of grapes and produces 50,000 cases of wine per year, Pindar Vineyards on Long Island's North Fork has more than 300 acres of vines.
The largest winery in the world, though, is E. & J. Gallo, which has more than 23,000 acres of vineyards in California.
Update 3: Google has officially announced the launch of its voice navigation and live traffic information in six Indian cities. While most of the features has already been covered below, one interesting feature worth noting is that Google will also offer live traffic information on its search engine Google.com along with Google Maps service. For instance, if an user types in ‘Traffic in Bangalore', he will be able to directly see the traffic conditions on Google.com.
Google also noted that it will take congestion into account in places wherever the traffic data is available, to provide better directions based to its users based on the current conditions.
Update 2: It looks like Google has also started offering live traffic information in its Google Maps service, as pointed out by NDTV. The traffic information is currently available on the web version, Android, and iOS apps of Google Maps. However, when we checked, we observed that Google Maps offers traffic information for only six Indian Cities including New Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Hyderabad, Bangalore and Chennai at the time of writing this article.
We are also not sure if Google added this feature as part of the Navigation service launch yesterday or sometime earlier in the month, since there is no official company announcement related to this development.
Update: While there is no official announcement from Google yet, the service went live around midnight for a significant number of people including us.
Earlier (Sep 4): It looks like Google is prepping up to extend its free voice-guided turn-by-turn navigation service to India, starting with Google Maps for Android. This was first spotted by
TechWhack. Interestingly, the company had released an instructional video on its Google India YouTube account a few hours ago, elaborating on the Voice navigation feature and pulled it back within a couple of hours. The video was private at the time of writing this article.
Phased Rollout? We tried accessing the service on a Galaxy Nexus, but got a popup stating that the service was not available in our region yet. However, Sushubh Mittal, (author of the TechWhack article), claimed on TechWhack's Twitter account that the service was working for him (screenshot), although he noted that the service has been working on his Nexus phone since he had bought it. In addition, we have also received reports claiming that the service has started working for them. Hence, we assume that Google is probably rolling out the service in a phased manner.
Google had introduced Google Maps Navigation on Android in October 2009, allowing users to make use of voice-based turn-by-turn navigation on their Android device. While the service was free, it was initially limited to only United States. Over the years, the service was extended to the United Kingdom and several other countries like Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, and Switzerland. As of July 2011, the company claimed that Google Maps navigation provides over 12 billion miles of GPS-guided driving and walking directions per year.
Other Players: Nokia currently provides a free turn-by-turn navigation service on its Lumia range of Windows smartphones through Nokia Drive and on Symbian phones through Nokia Maps. One thing worth nothing though is that, Nokia provides offline navigation through these services while Google currently doesn't offer offline navigation yet. Earlier this year, Google had however introduced offline maps to Google Maps for Android in July 2012, which was previously available as a Google Maps Labs feature, offering offline maps for more than 100 countries.
MapmyIndia also offers a paid offline navigation app on various mobile platforms including iOS, Android, Windows Phone and Symbian and TomTom had partnered with HTC in March 2012, to offer its navigation service on HTC smartphones in India.
Former NFL quarterback Kurt Warner had one of the more incredible stories in league history, and it all began with the then-St. Louis Rams. Warner, who went from working at an Iowa grocery store, to winning a Super Bowl and an MVP, knows a thing or two about quarterbacking in the NFL.
So, when Warner's old team struck a deal and moved up to No. 1 in the 2016 NFL Draft, who would his selection be if he were calling the shots?
Via NFL.com's official Twitter:
Wentz or Goff? "I'm going to go with the guy that I believe is the most polished QB of the two. and that's…" https://t.co/71PcDaKDmI — NFL (@NFL) April 19, 2016
To break down what's above, Warner chose to go with California quarterback Jared Goff over North Dakota State's Carson Wentz. His reasoning was largely due to the fact that he's “tired of talking about ceilings and potential,” because he's seen “too many guys that don't reach what we say that ceiling and potential is.”
Warner went on to state that Goff is the more “polished” prospect, which makes sense. Goff had to throw over 500 times last season for California, and tossed 43 touchdowns against just 13 interceptions. It's safe to say that for many, Goff is becoming the popular choice.
Republicans might consider themselves the party of freedom, but their true identity, as the presidential campaign has made clear, is the party of fear. “We are on the road to decline, and we are running out of time to fix it,” Senator Marco Rubio said in January. In a recent super PAC ad, New Jersey Governor Chris Christie says, “My number one priority as a leader is to make sure that there is not another generation of widows and orphans created because of a terrorist attack on the American homeland.”
At December's debate, all the candidates, with the partial exception of Senator Rand Paul, painted a frightening picture of America as a country that is on the verge of disintegrating.
“We need strength,” Donald Trump said“. “We don't have that level of respect that we need. And if we don't get it back fast, we're just going to go weaker, weaker and just disintegrate.”
Trump is often portrayed as an anomaly among the GOP candidates, but consider Christie's opening statement. “America has been betrayed,” he said. “We've been betrayed by the leadership that Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton have provided.” As evidence, Christie pointed to a Los Angeles school district closing over a bomb hoax. “Think about the effect that that's going to have on those children when they go back to school tomorrow wondering, filled with anxiety whether they're really going to be safe.”
An 18-year-old Perris man was arrested by Customs and Border Protection officers and is now facing federal charges after authorities say he tried to bring a tiger cub into the United States on Wednesday to keep as his pet.
Luis Euodoro Valencia is charged with importing an endangered species into the U.S. without a permit, as well as smuggling, according to a federal complaint.
Valencia and a passenger were stopped at the Otay Mesa point of entry because the 2017 Chevrolet Camaro they were in did not have license plates on it, according to federal court documents.
Valencia and his passenger were then taken to a second inspection area where a Border Patrol officer shined a flashlight and discovered the tiger cub in between his passenger's legs.
The passenger at first told the officer that it was a cat, not a tiger, that he was looking at but later ended up providing the officer with paperwork saying the animal was a tiger, the document says.
During an interview, Valencia told investigators that he was in Tijuana on Monday, Aug. 21, when he saw a man walking a full-size tiger on a leash and asked him about it.
He said that's when the man offered to sell him the tiger cub for $300, according to the document.
Valencia later revised his story, officials say, and told the officers that he had been in communication with the tiger seller as early as Friday and met with him on Monday to pick up the cub.
He said he intended to take the large wild cat back to his home and keep it for a pet, the document says.
Agents from U.S. Fish and Wildlife have since taken custody of the cub and are working with the San Diego Zoo to “ensure its well-being,” according to a U.S. Customs and Border Protection news release.
Other exotic animals in the Inland Empire:
Hemet couple sentenced for smuggling 911 endangered sea turtle eggs
Tiger cub found in Hemet area dies
The language of violence always presages violence. I watched it in war after war from Latin America to the Balkans. The impoverishment of a working class and the snuffing out of hope and opportunity always produce angry mobs ready to kill and be killed. A bankrupt, liberal elite, which proves ineffectual against the rich and the criminal, always gets swept aside, in times of economic collapse, before thugs and demagogues emerge to play to the passions of the crowd. I have seen this drama. I know each act. I know how it ends. I have heard it in other tongues in other lands. I recognize the same stock characters, the buffoons, charlatans and fools, the same confused crowds and the same impotent and despised liberal class that deserves the hatred it engenders.
“We are ruled not by two parties but one party,” Cynthia McKinney, who ran for president on the Green Party ticket, told me. “It is the party of money and war. Our country has been hijacked. And we have to take the country away from those who have hijacked it. The only question now is whose revolution gets funded.”
The Democrats and their liberal apologists are so oblivious to the profound personal and economic despair sweeping through this country that they think offering unemployed people the right to keep their unemployed children on their nonexistent health care policies is a step forward. They think that passing a jobs bill that will give tax credits to corporations is a rational response to an unemployment rate that is, in real terms, close to 20 percent. They think that making ordinary Americans, one in eight of whom depends on food stamps to eat, fork over trillions in taxpayer dollars to pay for the crimes of Wall Street and war is acceptable. They think that the refusal to save the estimated 2.4 million people who will be forced out of their homes by foreclosure this year is justified by the bloodless language of fiscal austerity. The message is clear. Laws do not apply to the power elite. Our government does not work. And the longer we stand by and do nothing, the longer we refuse to embrace and recognize the legitimate rage of the working class, the faster we will see our anemic democracy die.
The unraveling of America mirrors the unraveling of Yugoslavia. The Balkan war was not caused by ancient ethnic hatreds. It was caused by the economic collapse of Yugoslavia. The petty criminals and goons who took power harnessed the anger and despair of the unemployed and the desperate. They singled out convenient scapegoats from ethnic Croats to Muslims to Albanians to Gypsies. They set in motion movements that unleashed a feeding frenzy leading to war and self-immolation. There is little difference between the ludicrous would-be poet Radovan Karadzic, who was a figure of ridicule in Sarajevo before the war, and the moronic Glenn Beck or Sarah Palin. There is little difference between the Oath Keepers and the Serbian militias. We can laugh at these people, but they are not the fools. We are.
The longer we appeal to the Democrats, who are servants of corporate interests, the more stupid and ineffectual we become. Sixty-one percent of Americans believe the country is in decline, according to a recent NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll, and they are right. Only 25 percent of those polled said the government can be trusted to protect the interests of the American people. If we do not embrace this outrage and distrust as our own it will be expressed through a terrifying right-wing backlash.
“It is time for us to stop talking about right and left,” McKinney told me. “The old political paradigm that serves the interests of the people who put us in this predicament will not be the paradigm that gets us out of this. I am a child of the South. Janet Napolitano tells me I need to be afraid of people who are labeled white supremacists but I was raised around white supremacists. I am not afraid of white supremacists. I am concerned about my own government. The Patriot Act did not come from the white supremacists, it came from the White House and Congress. Citizens United did not come from white supremacists, it came from the Supreme Court. Our problem is a problem of governance. I am willing to reach across traditional barriers that have been skillfully constructed by people who benefit from the way the system is organized.”
We are bound to a party that has betrayed every principle we claim to espouse, from universal health care to an end to our permanent war economy, to a demand for quality and affordable public education, to a concern for the jobs of the working class. And the hatred expressed within right-wing movements for the college-educated elite, who created or at least did nothing to halt the financial debacle, is not misplaced. Our educated elite, wallowing in self-righteousness, wasted its time in the boutique activism of political correctness as tens of millions of workers lost their jobs. The shouting of racist and bigoted words at black and gay members of Congress, the spitting on a black member of the House, the tossing of bricks through the windows of legislators' offices, are part of the language of rebellion. It is as much a revolt against the educated elite as it is against the government. The blame lies with us. We created the monster. When someone like Palin posts a map with cross hairs on the districts of Democrats, when she says “Don't Retreat, Instead — RELOAD!” there are desperate people cleaning their weapons who listen. When Christian fascists stand in the pulpits of megachurches and denounce Barack Obama as the Antichrist, there are messianic believers who listen. When a Republican lawmaker shouts “baby killer” at Michigan Democrat Bart Stupak, there are violent extremists who see the mission of saving the unborn as a sacred duty. They have little left to lose. We made sure of that. And the violence they inflict is an expression of the violence they endure.
These movements are not yet full-blown fascist movements. They do not openly call for the extermination of ethnic or religious groups. They do not openly advocate violence. But, as I was told by Fritz Stern, a scholar of fascism who has written about the origins of Nazism, “In Germany there was a yearning for fascism before fascism was invented.” It is the yearning that we now see, and it is dangerous. If we do not immediately reincorporate the unemployed and the poor back into the economy, giving them jobs and relief from crippling debt, then the nascent racism and violence that are leaping up around the edges of American society will become a full-blown conflagration.
Left unchecked, the hatred for radical Islam will transform itself into a hatred for Muslims. The hatred for undocumented workers will become a hatred for Mexicans and Central Americans. The hatred for those not defined by this largely white movement as American patriots will become a hatred for African-Americans. The hatred for liberals will morph into a hatred for all democratic institutions, from universities to government agencies to the press. Our continued impotence and cowardice, our refusal to articulate this anger and stand up in open defiance to the Democrats and the Republicans, will see us swept aside for an age of terror and blood.
The palace looks extra impressive under the evening sky. This NC item was given out as a prize for hanging up a stocking during Stocking Stufftacular.
106 users have this item up for trade: Enchanted, Bre, nell_nerhegeb, menpale, Lysistrata39, kccap, Mitsukichan, gothika, ebazza, jotty346, gothika, Kokojazz, silvernoon, painted_dreams87, martia, Fearless, silly_mistake, mintcandycane, lindsayruthann, Latrellstephen, lolasneopets, Eizzel, Lyss1560, happy_91, karuness, Rai, pfbabyz, extravagance, panda1421, Katanachi, hlysmkz, thedirtydean, 5522_sylkie_5522, audra_morningstar, Marc, durkje, Cassiopeia, wazapets, Tikiara, flashash10, Luv, flafika, jmo7692, Cats411212, deathbyflower, hellokristin, Mekaila, nepkeete, atturigs, overspill, Anh, butterfly_522, gregoentre, bemine_4ever, hunter4ever, July, xDaydreamx, chouun, Antiphantom, Yellowd, firepixy, jossie, xomissbrittanybooxo, Complexum, Bazling, chloe_d, 122907_, buri_guri, lillcutie, nightwishfaerie, Awesomeful, Biggetje, jojoscloset, dream_wave711, cavex, Conny, narcissa, Nilo, hrtbrk, TARDIS, Justtakeitaway, milliaswan, einahpetsx, Esmee32, Kawaii_Chii, parody_ham, Mama1979, alkiie, maku_side1, ramonesbaby, reginanr, du_garjzla_freohr, conditamaya, Serrahwei, zaxlin, CheyenneRose420, shadow717, hipppio, princymeng, pwalter2013, minnybri, noodlelon, Jezzyx3, Destiny_Sphinx, Ina, and Abernathie less
7 users want this item: confidentconfused, xxx_lindsay_xxx, LoliBite, kidkrunch, dragonballzfangohan, Chyane, and openneoqty less
A controlled explosion was carried out at a parish council chairman's house after officers called to a domestic dispute found an arsenal of weapons.
Jim Arnold, 49, was arrested on suspicion of actual bodily harm after a report that he had attacked his wife.
But when officers searched the home in the quiet village of Wyverstone, Suffolk, they found a hoard of reportedly unlicensed guns.
Since then armed police and the bomb squad have been scouring the house for explosives and ammunition.
The controlled explosion was carried out as a "precautionary measure".
A Suffolk Police spokesman said: "As part of the ongoing enquiry, and as a precautionary measure in order to ensure some items found at the premises are safe, a controlled explosion is due to be carried out in the area.
"Police have already informed immediate neighbours about this action. A cordon remains in place and officers will remain on scene overnight."
Mr Arnold appeared before magistrates in Ipswich charged with two counts of assault and four counts of possession of a prohibited weapon.
A 45-year-old woman from the Stowmarket area, who was arrested on suspicion of possession of a prohibited firearm, has been bailed until May 21.
This is that game you used to play in school, where you'd have a grid of dots and draw a line to connect them. The person who closed a square gets a point and continues until the grid is full of squares.
This allows you to play a small grid against others or the computer. There's also a variation of the grid where you can join variations of geometric shapes.
It's alright. There are 2 levels of cpu difficulty and 2 grids. There are a couple of power ups/downs to create variety but it is just too limited. They could have done so many variations of grid but there are two. Two small ones. They could have come up with all sorts of different power ups bit no. They are a bit rubbish.
It just lacks content but it could have been so much more.
You are honestly better getting the paper out and going old school.
The 40-year-old "war on drugs" and the criminalization of addiction have placed communities at odds with law enforcement, prosecutors and courts -- to the detriment of justice and respect for the rule of law. The violence driven by the astronomical profits of the illicit drug market and the life-long collateral consequences for those snared by drug laws will continue to exile generations from the mainstream.
It might be surprising to hear this from a cop like me, but the solution to our current human rights crisis will ultimately require the legalization and regulation of current illicit drugs.
I retired from a rewarding career with the Maryland State Police in 2007, and since then have had the honor of working as a lawyer and educator in Baltimore, largely in communities composed of people of color. One of the most heartbreaking things to witness - as both a law enforcement officer and a legal educator -- is a "contempt of cop" culture held by many people living in poor and blighted communities. As a police officer I understood that some people dislike the police. As a lawyer I have witnessed a generational feedback loop within communities of color that perpetuates fear, distrust and hatred for the police officers charged with protecting their communities and maintaining order.
This contempt is grounded in the failure of criminal justice system leaders to effectively screen and manage cases to ensure the fair enforcement of laws and distribution of police services in all neighborhoods -- regardless of the socioeconomic and racial demographics. It is also informed by our nation's long history of racial tension and violence between police and minority communities.
But nowhere is the racial disparity more glaring than in the enforcement of drug laws. The rates of illicit drug usage in America by race and zip code do not reflect the criminal engagement and prosecution rates. In fact, black and brown people in this country are being disproportionately impacted by our criminal drug laws and what has evolved into an incarceration and penal model of social control. Meanwhile, affluent whites are afforded the privilege of handling substance abuse as a family and health issue, often covered by insurance.
On the other end of this disconnect between the police and the community is an equally troubling "contempt of community" culture emanating from law enforcement. Police, as a group, have become increasingly jaded about the prospects of effective policing in impoverished communities riddled with the violence and disorder associated with the business of the illicit drug trade.
The violence surrounding the enforcement of drug laws leaves community members and law enforcement fearful for their personal safety. It is natural for officers working on the front lines of the drug war to be impacted by the fact that the colleagues they work with oftentimes become arbitrary casualties. The trauma and fear associated with that reality reverberates through every relationship, every conversation and every decision the police make.
The laws, policies and procedures driving the unjust and uneven enforcement of our drug laws must be challenged and reformed. The drug laws the police and prosecutors are sworn to uphold are immoral and have eroded fairness in the justice system and undermined the rule of law.
The "contempt of community" and "contempt of cop" speak volumes about the abject failure of our contemporary justice system to deal with drugs and the illicit drug economy. If you have not observed court dockets in action and you care about access to justice issues, go and watch. The court system, particularly in the metro areas, is completely overwhelmed, and no one is getting real justice. Not the victims. Not the government. Not the community. Not the accused.
The question our society now faces is how to end prohibition and the criminal enforcement scheme without causing more harm. A logical frame is to pilot a legal drug enclave within a bounded jurisdiction where business and religious leaders, police, prosecutors, defenders, courts, community, youth and private and public health officials work collaboratively with addicts to create both time, place and manner restrictions and effective education and prevention campaigns. Simultaneously, social pacts will have to be formed with drug cartels, local gangs and the federal government to support the overarching goal of drug legalization, which is violence reduction.
The legalization of drugs, reinvestment in pillaged communities and implementation of a thoughtful regulatory scheme for the manufacture, delivery and distribution of all currently illicit drugs will remove the profit, the violence and the systemic racism inherently linked to our criminal drug laws. The time to act is now. Justice and respect for human rights demand transformative change.
AFP — Udo Voigt, the first member of Germany's far-right anti-immigrant party to enter the European Parliament, has faced legal action in the past with comments such as Hitler was “a great man.”
The son of a Nazi SA assault division member, Voigt, 62, is a former army officer who was the chief candidate for the extremist National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD), which scored one percent in the German vote for the EU-wide election Sunday.
Three years after being found guilty in 2004 of promoting Nazism after he called Hitler “a great man,” Voigt questioned the number of Holocaust deaths and demanded the return of German land lost after World War II.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
He also received a four-month suspended jail sentence for inciting violence after calling in a 1998 campaign speech for voters to engage in “armed combat.”
And in 2011 the NPD stirred controversy again, with posters depicting Voigt, on his motorbike, wearing a black leather jacket, with the motto “Gas geben” (Step on It) or literally “give gas” in what some saw as a reference to gas chambers where millions of Jews perished in Nazi extermination camps.
The signs were put up around Berlin, including just across from the capital's Jewish Museum.
Voigt, who is married and trained as an aviation engineer before graduating in political science, was head of the NPD from 1996 until 2011.
Despite its meagre score in Sunday's elections, the NPD has benefited from the recent scrapping of a three-percent threshold for European elections in Germany, enabling it to now send a lawmaker to the European Parliament.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesman Steffen Seibert has labelled the NPD “an anti-democratic, xenophobic, anti-Semitic, anti-constitutional party.”
“The whole of Europe is being flooded with foreign peoples,” states the NPD website and it campaigned for Sunday's elections with posters claiming “Money for Grandma, Instead of for Sinti and Roma.”
Germany's upper house of parliament last year launched a push before the Constitutional Court to ban the NPD a decade after a first attempt failed.
At the time Germany's highest court argued that the presence of undercover state informants in party ranks had sullied the evidence.
The NPD scored just 1.3 percent in national elections last September and has never entered the national parliament but is represented in two eastern states' legislatures.
The party was created in 1964, notably by former Nazi party members and receives some €1.3 million in state funding.
“It is incomprehensible why public funds should finance neo-Nazi propaganda and hatred,” the Central Council of Jews in Germany wrote in a statement during the push to ban last year. “In our view, this party should have been banned long ago.”
As head of the party, Voigt managed to triple the membership of the NPD and has sought to clean up its public image by urging skinheads to keep a lower profile.
‘Broad City' Will Bleep Donald Trump's Name Next Season "There's no airtime for this orange " co-star Ilana Galzer says
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close ‘Broad City' Will Bleep Donald Trump's Name Next Season 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
In Season 4 of “Broad City,” the name “Donald Trump” will be treated as a swear word. In an interview with USA Today, Abbi Jacobson and Ilana Galzer said that when Trump became president, they had to re-write a lot of the newest season.
“There's no airtime for this orange [person],” Glazer said to USA Today. “We bleep his name the whole season.”
Also Read: Watch 'Broad City' Say 'F-- You, Trump' in Season 4 Trailer (Video)
Last season, the duo invited Hillary Clinton on for a cameo when Glazer's character decides to campaign for the would-be first female president. You can count on there being no such invitation extended to “this game-show host.”
The trailer released back on June 4 shows the girls getting political. At one point, they're at a march wearing pussy hats and you can hear Ilana say “F— you, Trump!” Season 4 will also have a slew of guest stars, including Steve Buscemi, Wanda Sykes, RuPaul and Jane Curtin.
“Broad City” returns to Comedy Central on August 23, 10 ET/PT.
You can watch the Season 4 trailer above.
Read original story ‘Broad City' Will Bleep Donald Trump's Name Next Season At TheWrap
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices slid 5 percent on Wednesday to a one-month low, after an unexpected increase in U.S. inventories of crude and gasoline fanned fears that output cuts by major world oil producers have not done much to drain a global glut.
Crude stocks in the United States grew 3.3 million barrels to 513 million barrels, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA). That confounded forecasters who had predicted a drop of 3.5 million barrels, especially a day after data from the American Petroleum Institute indicated an even bigger fall.
Gasoline inventories also unexpectedly rose, imports increased, and exports dropped, the EIA data showed.
“These figures spell a setback to the joint effort by OPEC and some non-OPEC countries to curb their output,” said Abhishek Kumar, senior energy analyst at Interfax Energy's Global Gas Analytics in London.
“However, without persistent drawdowns in U.S. oil stockpiles, the process could be painfully slow.”
U.S. crude futures settled down 5 percent, or $2.47 a barrel, at $45.72 a barrel, the lowest settlement for U.S. crude since May 4. U.S. benchmark futures CLc1 have slid more than 11 percent in 10 days of trading.
Brent crude prices LCOc1 fell $2.06, or 4 percent to settle at $48.06 a barrel. Official settlement prices were delayed due to a technical issue, according to a Nymex spokesperson.
Gasoline futures 1RBc1 tumbled 4 percent to $1.4921 a gallon, lowest since May 10, as rising inventories fed worries about weak demand. Overall gasoline demand is down 0.7 percent for the past four weeks from a year ago, the EIA said.
“Flagging gasoline demand continues to bedevil the market. With gasoline currently the seasonal leader of the complex, its weakness is dragging everything down,” said John Kilduff, partner at Again Capital in New York.
Some in the market remained concerned about the move by OPEC members Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to cut diplomatic and transport ties with Qatar, an OPEC member that had agreed to cut about 30,000 barrels a day as part of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries agreement to reduce output.
Some analysts saw a risk that rivalries between OPEC members could weaken the production cut agreement. Some were concerned about rising production from Libya and Nigeria, which are exempt from the agreement.
A worker at an oil field owned by Bashneft, Bashkortostan, Russia, January 28, 2015. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin/File Photo
OPEC and other producers including Russia have pledged to cut output by about 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd).
Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) lifted force majeure on exports of Nigeria's Forcados crude oil, bringing all the country's oil exports fully online for the first time in 16 months.
(To view a graphic on 'World fuel production vs. consumption' click reut.rs/2r3ZH8Y)
Activists took part in a nude protest in front of the Egyptian embassy in the Swedish capital on Thursday 20th December.
Feminist Aliaa al-Mahdy and two other females from the group Femen braved the cold winter temperatures the day before Egypt's government was expected to adopt a referendum on the country's newly approved draft constitution.
The document has drawn fire from thousands of Egyptians inside and outside the country. Many say that it had been written and adopted too quickly, whilst al-Mahdy and Femen have labelled it a “sharia-dictatorial”.
During the protest in Sweden, Egyptian native al-Mahdy held a Koran in front of her crotch and wrote “sharia is not a constitution” across her body. Likewise, the other two women covered their privates with the Bible and the Torah, and displayed similar slogans, such as “apocalypse by Morsi [the new Egyptian president]”.
Femen has become known for using nudity in demonstrations over the last several years. The group staged a protest at a German Ikea store in October after the Swedish company opted to remove all women from the latest version of its Saudi Arabian catalogue.
TORONTO (AP) — A spokeswoman for U.S. pastor Terry Jones said Thursday that Canada has denied entry to the preacher, whose congregation held a Quran burning in March 2011 that triggered deadly protests in Afghanistan.
Stephanie Sapp said fellow pastor and her husband Wayne Sapp, along with Jones, were turned back at the Michigan-Ontario border after being detained for several hours. Jones, who leads Florida's tiny Dove World Outreach Center, and Wayne Sapp, were scheduled to attend Freedom Showdown, an inter-faith debate Thursday evening outside the Ontario Legislature.
Stephanie Sapp said Jones was denied entry because of a fine he got in Germany almost 20 years ago for using the title "doctor" there (he had received an honorary doctorate in theology from a Californian university in 1993). Also, both men had been charged with breaching the peace at a planned rally in Detroit last year.
The spokeswoman told The Associated Press that Jones had paid the German fine at that time and won his appeal to the German government for the right to use the title "doctor." She said border officials told Jones the Canadian government requires documentation of the whole case to be brought to a Canadian Consulate in America in order for them to consider allowing Jones into Canada again.
As for the Detroit-related charge, she said that case was overturned in a higher court on appeal.
"We consider this to be a grievous blow to freedom of speech. We hope that this is a lesson for the Canadians and the Americans for us to stand up, unite together, and protect our freedom of speech," said Jones in a statement.
Canadian border officials said it is not their practice to confirm whether someone has been denied entry into Canada.
In 2010, Jones issued a call to burn Qurans on the ninth anniversary of 9/11, alarming the U.S. military, which feared the move would endanger the lives of American troops fighting Islamist extremists in Afghanistan and Iraq. Although Jones called off the burning at the time, thousands of Afghans encouraged by the Taliban set fire to tires in the streets of the Afghan capital, Kabul.
Jones' congregation went ahead with a Quran burning in March 2011, triggering protests across Afghanistan after video of the ceremony was posted on the Internet. In the most violent protest, hundreds of protesters stormed a U.N. compound in Mazar-i-Sharif in northern Afghanistan, killing seven foreigners, including four Nepalese guards.
Jones was slated to participate in a debate Thursday about "Innocence of Muslims," the anti-Muslim film that has recently sparked violent protests in the Arab world, the most violent of which led to the death of the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans in Benghazi last month.
Both pastors were questioned repeatedly by border officials about the film and a protest sign that read "Koran Burning Site" and another saying, "Islam is the New Nazism," were confiscated at the border, said Stephanie Sapp. She said they were asked several times if they were bringing a copy of "Innocence of Muslims" into Canada.
Freedom Showdown organizer Allan Einstoss said the event went ahead as planned, but lamented Jones' absence from the debates. Interference from border officials, he said, has quashed an opportunity for a meaningful dialog on free speech.
"That's the government's choice, that's what they wanted," Einstoss said. "We could have had a nice civil evening, but that's their decision."
Last month, Germany forbade Jones from entering the country for a screening of "Innocence of Muslims."
Health officials are expected to meet with teachers and parents on Monday after a recent outbreak of chlamydia at a high school in the small West Texas city of Crane. Officials will detail the school's sex education program and discuss the spike in sexually transmitted diseases, or STDs, something they say is a growing problem in some Texas school districts. State health officials were alarmed by the outbreak at Crane High School, which has about 300 students and has confirmed 20 cases of chlamydia in recent weeks, according to local reports.
The Crane Independent School District mailed a letter to high school parents on Friday to notify them of the chlamydia outbreak, according to the Associated Press. Letters were also sent to junior high parents, however officials confirmed that only high school students were affected by the outbreak.
“This happens in any town, but just for it to hit close to home, I mean parents need to be aware of the situation and make sure they tell their kids to be safe and practice safe sex," Diana Martinez, a Crane parent with young children, told KWES-TV. “I guess now that it's actually getting big, especially if it's coming out in the news, I mean that's pretty nasty.” While chlamydia is curable, it can cause permanent damage to women's reproductive systems if left untreated.
Adolescents aged 15 to 19 have the highest rates of chlamydia and gonorrhea, another common STD, of any age group in the U.S. Nationally, about 548,000 cases of chlamydia, gonorrhea, and syphilis were reported among American high school students in 2013, according to a report from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Eight of the 11 states with the highest overall STD rates were in the South.
The recent spike in Texas high school STD cases wasn't isolated to Crane. In recent years, syphilis cases in Dallas County Schools have increased by 31 percent, according to the Dallas County Health and Human Services. In April, health officials reported a surge in the number of chlamydia cases among all age groups in El Paso.
A 49-year-old Wakefield man has been indicted in the rape of 13 children, ranging from 8 days old to 3 ½ years old, after gaining access to the children through his wife's child care service business, Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone announced today. Dec. 6.
A 49-year-old Wakefield man has been indicted in the rape of 13 children, ranging from 8 days old to 3 1/2 years old, after gaining access to the children through his wife's child care service business, Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone announced today. Dec. 6.
John Burbine, of Wakefield, was indicted by a Middlesex Grand Jury on charges of aggravated forcible rape of child (40 counts), aggravated indecent assault and battery on a child (17 counts), posing a child in a state of nudity (12 counts), posing a child in sexual conduct (11 counts), possession of child pornography (13 counts), dissemination of material harmful to a minor (two counts) and operating an unlicensed child care program.
“In my 14 years in the Middlesex County District Attorney's office, I have never seen a case this bad,” Leone said during a press conference at his offices. “Due to the ages, we are clearly and literally speaking for victims without a voice.”
The victims are from Stoneham, Medford, Newton, Reading, Melrose, Woburn and Waltham and the assaults allegedly took place in the victims' communities. Burbine allegedly possessed images and video of the 13 victims on his home computer posed in the nude and engaged in sexual acts. The defendant allegedly videotaped the assaults.
“The basis of the indictments are chilling and troubling,” Leone said, noting his staff poured over hours of video and images allegedly depicting the assaults to build the case.
Leone said they were able to identify all the victims in the video footage.
According to authorities, Burbine allegedly raped and sexually assaulted boys and girls in his care, many of whom were abused multiple times over several months and years through his wife's business, named Waterfall Education Center. The business was based out of 7 Lincoln St. The time period of the assaults is currently between August 2010 and August 2012.
The alleged assaults took place in the victims' homes and communities. Burbine and his wife, Marian Burbine, 46, advertised childcare and tutoring services on various websites, including parenting websites. It offered short- and long-term childcare, overnight newborn care and summer camp alternative care.
Marian Burbine was also indicted on charges of reckless endangerment of a child and operating an unlicensed daycare. She was released on $1,000 bail under strict conditions.
Portions of the Waterfall Education Center's business were not licensed. Also, she allegedly knew her husband was a convicted sex offender based on a 1989 case that categorized him as a Level 1 offender.
Additionally, the state Department of Children and Families investigated alleged abuse complaints against John Burbine in 2005 and 2009. However, at the time, Leone said his office was unable to prosecute based on the complaints.
John Burbine was arrested on Sept. 28 by State Police in Reading. Leone said an investigation into the unlicensed childcare at his wife's business uncovered the evidence of a sexual assault.
Leone asked if anyone had additional information to call the Middlesex District Attorney's Child Abuse Unit at 781-897-8400.
“We can't know whether or not there are [further] victims,” he said.
An arraignment date has yet to be set.
London's Albert Bridge – a very pretty and illuminated part-suspension bridge – crosses the Thames between Chelsea and Battersea. It often appears in films and TV ads (Cheryl Cole's new hairspray is the latest).
A few years ago, it was closed to traffic for over a year for repairs. Kensington and Chelsea council blamed ‘Chelsea tractors' for damaging the fragile structure, which had a two tonne weight limit.
That turned out to be a load of spin: the damage was mostly being caused by London's Black Cab fleet, which easily weigh over two tonnes with a couple of passengers on board.
After the re-vamp, the bridge's weight limit was upped to three tonnes. With Black Cabs now less of a threat, the real problem for the bridge would clearly have been commercial vehicles, such as super-sized vans and lorries.
Common sense would suggest that the best way to prevent the vans crossing the bridge would be to install a height restriction. Instead, the council re-installed the dreaded width restrictors at each end of the bridge.
These pillars are permanently scarred by the impact of expensive premium metal as car drivers struggle to squeeze through the steel trap. I have a feeling that the distance between these tank traps has not been reconsidered since somebody measured a 1978 Ford Cortina across the mirrors.
I Spit on Your Grave is the controversial and classic 1978 exploitation rape/revenge film that has been reviled by critics for its deplorable depictions of woman but also upheld by others as having a strong underlying feminist message.
Originally filmed under the title “Day of the Woman” the movie has also been shown under the name “I Hate Your Guts” and “The Rape and Revenge of Jennifer Hill”. The film didn't become known as “I Spit on Your Grave” until it was re-released in 1980.
While many debates have and will be waged on the content of the film and its depiction of women and the elements of revenge and justice, one lesser known issue about I Spit on Your Grave that has been talked about for years is the mystery of the the woman on the movie poster.
Regarded as one of the most iconic movie posters of all time, the Spit on Your Grave one-sheet captures and encapsulates not only the tone of the film but also the spirit of the mid to late 1970's cinema movement.
One would assume that lead actress, Camille Keaton was the model depicted on the poster as it appears to show her character, Jennifer Hill. However, Camille has gone on record several times throughout the years saying that it was definitely not her that was photographed for the poster. Also, Camille's frame and ahem, backside doesn't match that of the woman on the poster.
So then, who is the mystery girl on the Spit on Your Grave poster?
The most widely accepted rumor purports that it is none other than Golden Globe nominee and former Mrs. Ashton Kutcher, Demi Moore.
In 1978, I Spit on Your Grave, was originally released as “Day of the Woman” and did poorly at the box office. In 1980 it was re-released by exploitation movie producer and distributor Jerry Gross. One of the conditions of this distribution deal was that Gross could re-title the movie anything he wanted. He chose “I Spit on Your Grave” after a 1959 French drama. Under the new title the film gained further notoriety fueled by the extremely negative reviews by Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert and their campaign against depictions of violence toward women in film.
In 1981 director and film distributor Charles Band acquired the video distribution rights to I Spit on Your Grave through his company Wizard Video. With the video distribution rights Wizard was also responsible for commissioning a poster emblazoned with the new title. At the time Band had been filming a low budget sci-fi movie called Parasite which featured a young Demi Moore in her first starring role. It is also rumored that Band and Moore were having an affair at the time.
When it came time to pick out a scantily clad model to be featured on the Spit on Your Grave poster Band chose Moore.
Demi would have been 19 or 20 years old at the time the poster was commissioned and had previously done some modeling work prior to acting. Her close proximity to Band and her age and features do seem to point to a strong correlation to the young woman on the poster.
While the story has never been confirmed by Demi herself, Band, his assistants and several others close to the business have said unequivocally that it is indeed Moore's cheeks that grace the Spit on Your Grave poster, VHS, DVD and Blu-ray artwork. What do you think? Is this the backside that has so long been associated with one of the most controversial movies of all time?
Dorian Brown got the audition for Wilfred the day she was scheduled to leave for Africa.
If you've ever planned a trip and had an audition right before you leave, I'll bet you almost 90% of the time you'll get it. It's happened to me a couple of times and it happened to Dorian. “I was a lot looser,” she said.
Three weeks later, she came home, they called her in again and “it was meant to be.”
Wilfred is one of my favorite new shows and Dorian is great as Kristen, Ryan's (Elijah Wood) sister.
I talked to her at Comic-Con about the audition process, how she didn't want her character to be a “one-note bitch” and more!Advertisement
Wilfred airs on Thursdays on FX at 10pm.
For the full interview, click the audio link above or download it from iTunes.
How did the project first get presented to you?
Dorian Brown: I got the audition the day I was leaving for Africa which I think it led me to get so far into it because I was like, “Who cares about an audition. I'm going to Africa.” So I was a lot looser but the script was so funny when I got it, I would walk into the other room and tell my husband the jokes. Like, I would read the lines and I was like, “listen, listen to this” and he was like, “that's funny. You should go out for that.” and I'm like, “Right, I know.” So I went in and I got nervous because the ones that you love the most are the ones that you never get.
But then I was like “I'm going to Africa. It's fine. I'll forget about it” and luckily they were still looking for people three weeks later. So it worked out.
It was meant to be.
Dorian Brown: Yeah, it was truly meant to be. It was bizarre. Because I wasn't in the original so then they came back to me and they were like, “Can you read for Kristen?” and I was like, “ah, I guess?” I mean, I didn't connect with this character at all plus I'm pregnant. So, yeah it really worked out.
So how did you tap into the character?
Dorian Brown: Yeah, well, it really worked out because even when I was reading it, I was like I don't know how I'm going to pull this character off without just sounding like a one-note bitch. I just didn't how I was going to do it but I still went in though and Elijah was in the room, and then they kept giving me this note… and Randall [Einhorn] and David Zuckerman, they said, “You know, she is really in the brink of a breakdown.”
So I was having morning sickness and kind of was like I'm newly pregnant, nobody knows. I think I can get there. I think I can have a mental breakdown in this room. So I took a moment, had a mental breakdown and got it. I mean, that was it. So it's really cool. So, I probably I wouldn't have gotten the show if I weren't pregnant.
So career wise, how have things changed for you?
Dorian Brown: You know, I'm just about to find out because I just had the baby. So I'm going back to auditioning and reading and stuff next week, so we'll see. I don't know. I have been out of commission.
Korean 1v1 League announced - Check and Minhyuk returning
Published Mon Mar 30, 2015 by B2W.Neo 9 comments posted. Log in to write a comment!
We all know that China is the Mecca of Warcraft and we all know what's going on in Europe and Russia, thanks to Zodiac and Gera Cups. But since the retirement of Moon, we haven't heard much from our South Korean friends - this changes today.
Warcraft 3 Eternal League
- Four Groups with four players each
- First two advance to the quarterfinals
- $1600 prizemoney:
#1: $900
#2: 450
#3: 260
- Livecoverage: Every Saturday, 7am CEST on twitch.tv/EternalLeague (Korean)
- Replay Cast: Every Saturday, 2pm CEST on twitch.tv/Back2Warcraft (English)
Group A:
- (N) LawLiet
- (O) So.in
- (H) Piltong
- (N) Shot
Group B:
- (N) Check
- (O) Minhyuk
- (H) Agatha
- (N) Ken
Group C:
- (H) Reprisal
- (O) Music
- (N) yange
- (N) Practise
Group D:
- (U) Lucifer
- (N) Bany
- (H) No.90
- (N) Uranus
Schedule:
04.04. - 09.05.: Groupstage
16.05. - 23.05.: Quarterfinals
30.05. - 06.06.: Semifinals
20.06.2015: Grand Finals
Links:
Korean News (account required)
YouTube
Facebook
The son of Brazil's legendary soccer player Ronaldo will play for Brazil at the 20th Maccabiah Games in Jerusalem.
Ronaldo's son Ronald, 17, is not Jewish. But he is a member of Brazil's Under 18 soccer team, which is participating in the Maccabiah games, dubbed the “Jewish Olympics.” A record 10,000 athletes from 80 countries will be competing in 43 sports at the world's third-largest sporting event, according to organizers.
“This is the Brazilian delegation that represents us at the World Maccabi Games. A special hug to my son @ronald_lima. Good luck, guys! Go for it, Brazil,” Ronaldo posted Wednesday on Instagram a day before the start of the games. The post, accompanied by a photo of Ronald and the team, garnered over 40,000 likes in its first six hours.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Ronald has also been a member of São Paulo's Hebraica, a group popular across South America that functions as a cross between a Jewish community center and a country club.
“Ronald and his mother Milena have been full members of Hebraica club for years, where they felt warmly welcomed and feel like home, as they say. They have also been approaching Judaism more and more,” Avi Gelberg, who presides over both the Maccabi organization in Brazil and the Hebraica club in São Paulo, told JTA.
“We didn't have a full team in this category so we decided to reward the kid by inviting him,” he added.
Ronald's mother Milena, who is also not Jewish, is currently a member of the São Paulo Hebraica's women's soccer team. An ex-model, she holds the women's record for soccer ball juggling, or keeping a soccer ball off the ground, with over 55,000 touches.
Eligibility rules for Maccabiah competitors vary from country to country; some delegations require athletes to be Jewish according to strict interpretations of religious law and others have more liberal rules.
Some 30,000 people are expected to attend the Maccabiah opening ceremony. Soccer is the largest sport at the games, with more than 1,400 athletes from 20 countries participating.
Ronaldo, 40 — not to be confused with Portugal's current soccer star, Cristiano Ronaldo — is widely considered to be one of the greatest soccer players of all time. A three-time FIFA World Player of the Year and two-time Ballon d'Or recipient, Ronaldo, in his 1990s prime, was known for his dribbling speed, creative ball moves and prolific goal-scoring ability. In 98 matches for Brazil's national team, he scored 62 goals. That is the second-highest goal total in Brazilian history, trailing only the legendary Pelé.
In the Instagram photo, Ronaldo's son is on the far right, sporting a pair of headphones.
About
48÷2(9+3) = ? is a math problem that leads to two different answers depending on the order of operations used. Since 2011, message board users have debated over whether 2 or 288 is the correct answer to the problem, with no conclusive answer. This and another seemingly impossible equations have been a hot topic of forum debate that are sometimes used to troll other posters who will vehemently argue that their answer is the definitive one.
Origin
On April 7th, 2011, a user of the local Texas message board Hot Pursuit known as al_carl polled other users about the equation 48÷2(9+3), found in his son's homework the previous night. He offered four different answers, 2, 3.14, 219 and 288. The answers were relatively evenly split, with 50 people choosing 2 and 55 choosing 288. The question generated 95 replies of debate about the correct answer.
Spread
Later that day, someone reposted the equation to the Bodybuilding.com message board , where more than 2,500 replies were posted. Also on April 7th, debate about the equation took place on dozens of message boards, ranging from communities surrounding broad topics to fan spaces for local sports teams including the Physics Forums , Wall Street Oasis , MSU Red Cedar , Grass City , Tennis Warehouse , Inside MD Sports and The Ecapist. Later that day, the equation was posed on Yahoo! Answers , where the user Phyxius Ænimus broke down the two approaches to the problem, noting that sometimes math does not provide definitive answers.
The next day, additional discussions of the equation took place on the Sneaker Talk forums , Yahoo! Answers Australia and DIY Mobile Audio.
Solution
The reason different calculators offer different answers to the equation depends on how the machine interprets the order of operations. Most calculators follow the traditional order, completing expressions within brackets before anything else, resulting in an answer of 288, as determined by WolframAlpha and Google. In this case, the problem is solved as follows:
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
48 ÷ 2(12)=
(48 ÷ 2)(12)=
24 * 12=
288
However, others will follow PEMDAS, a mnemonic term that stands for Parentheses, Exponentiation, Multiplication, Division, Addition and Subtraction. By this logic, multiplication must take place before division, resulting in solving the problem as follows:
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
48 ÷ 2(12)=
48 ÷ 24=
2
Order of Operations and PEMDAS are not the only rules that can be applied to complete the equation. If one applies the distributive property, which requires numbers outside of an equation in parentheses be multiplied to each number in the enclosed equation separately, both results of 2 and 288 can be observed, depending on whether or not the division takes place first.
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
48 ÷ (2(9)+2(3))= (distributive property)
48 ÷ (18 + 6)=
48 ÷ 24=
2
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
(48 ÷ 2)(9+3)=
24(9 + 3)=
24(9) + 24(3)= (distributive property)
216 + 72
288
There is also an argument that implied multiplication, as seen in the algebraic phrase 2x takes precedence over explicit multiplication using the "x" symbol. For example, in the problem 2/5x, the implicit multiplication suggested by 5x would come before the explicit division of 2/5. Following this logic, the equation can be solved as follows:
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
48 ÷ 2(12)=
48 ÷ 24=
2
The final approach suggests the obelus, the term for the symbol "÷", represents the division of all terms preceding it by all terms after it , separating the two components of the equation at hand. Using this interpretation, the equation is solved like so:
48 ÷ 2(9+3)=
(48) ÷ (2(9+3))=
(48) ÷ (2(12))
(48) ÷ (24)
2
Related Problem: 6÷2(1+2)= ?
On April 27th, 2011, Redditor and math professor rob1n posted an image macro to the /r/WTF subreddit featuring a screenshot of a Facebook poll debating the answer to variation of this equation, 6÷2(1+2), which results in the answers of 1 or 9. Within two days, it received more than 1,200 comments, gaining more than 2,500 upvotes and 786 points overall. Throughout April and May, this equation was discussed on Yahoo! Answers , IGN the Wolfram Alpha Community Forum , and the Penny Arcade forum. The equation saw a resurgence in early 2013, resulting in discussions on Snopes and Slate , who investigated why people get so worked up over the differing answers.
Click through to see entire image
Search Interest
External References
WASHINGTON — Charlie Sifford is a man of few words, but on Monday he was nearly moved to tears.
Nearly.
Decades of fighting, breaking barriers and enduring the slings and arrows of discrimination can build an immunity to displays of emotion.
On Monday, Sifford, 92, a retired golfer, allowed himself to smile. And why not?
He was among an illustrious group of 18 recipients of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor. There was Stevie Wonder close by, Meryl Streep behind him, Isabel Allende and Ethel Kennedy down the row to his right. All had contributed to the nation's cultural richness. Sifford had broken barriers.
In 1961, he became the first African-American to join the PGA Tour, ending an arduous climb that had begun decades earlier as a caddie.
Survived WWII battlefields, killed in hit-run CRIME
At age 19, Isaac Hudson drove an Army ambulance in the D-Day invasion of Normandy and the Battle of the Bulge.
He survived his nightmarish task, and was acknowledged for his service collecting dead and wounded from five separate battlefields of World War II. Years later, he was haunted by memories of French women and children, their villages destroyed, walking aimlessly in the chaos of war.
After the war, he settled in San Francisco, built a family and was chief of outpatient services at the Veterans Administration's Fort Miley hospital. Even at 84, Hudson was in the peak of health, jogged regularly and worked a security job at the Bechtel building on Beale Street.
Eight minutes into Nov. 11, Veterans Day, Hudson was driving home from work when he was struck and killed near his home at Alemany Boulevard and Congdon Street.
On Wednesday, prosecutors said Arthur Clark Jr., 20, had been charged with hit-and-run and vehicular manslaughter. Clark rammed Hudson's 1994 Ford Escort at 50 mph, then ran, authorities said.
Clark has racked up three felony convictions just this year for weapons, drugs and evading arrest, records show. Each time, judges allowed him to plead guilty and released him with credit for time served behind bars, despite objections from prosecutors, records show.
Clark left his DNA behind on an airbag that deployed in the 1990 Lexus he was driving when he hit Hudson, authorities said. He was arrested for allegedly possessing marijuana for sale Nov. 20, and last week authorities made the DNA match, prosecutors said.
Hudson's wife, Susan, said Wednesday that it hurts too much to dwell on how he died. Instead, she wants to remember his life.
Born March 18, 1925, in Memphis, Tenn., the sixth of seven children of Will and Lovie Hudson, Isaac had survived the longest of his siblings.
After he served in World War II, Hudson came first to Los Angeles and then San Francisco, working government jobs before getting a post at Fort Miley, where the couple met. They married in 1964.
Susan Hudson said her husband did not speak much of his time in the war until his later years. When he opened up, he talked about the vacant look in the eyes of the women he saw wandering the roads in France, or of collecting bodies on the beach at Normandy.
He drove ambulance No. 13. "People said, 'Oh man, I wouldn't drive that ambulance,' " Susan Hudson said. "But it was always a lucky number for him. That got him through."
Both the couple's children were born on the 13th of the month.
Hudson spent his spare time studying. "He always had goals for himself, and found a way to reach those goals," his wife said.
At age 59, he earned a bachelor's degree from the University of San Francisco. Three years later, he got his master's in public administration, also from USF.
And he never really retired. Even while he worked at Fort Miley, Hudson ran a parking lot he owned in North Beach and kept at it after leaving the hospital. He ultimately sold the lot, but then took up security work.
He had just gotten off the 4 p.m.-to-midnight shift working security at the Bechtel building when the crash happened.
Hudson was never a flag-waver, his wife said. He was more low key in his dedication to his country.
"When he worked for the VA, he helped veterans get their benefits," Susan Hudson said. "He wanted to make sure they got everything they were entitled to. ... He believed in veterans. He was very much for the veterans.
"He was a very good person," his wife said. "He would give you his last dime."
The US Patent and Trademark Office officially published a series of 59 newly granted patents for Apple Inc. today. In this particular report we focus on a single patent relating to trapping a glass insert into a metal bezel using liquid metal. The original iPhone wasn't even out a year when one of Apple's engineers began his work on sealing the iPhone's cover glass with liquid metal. The patent describes the use of insertion molding. In 2013, this process was advanced in another patent that included Apple's metal frame that doubles as an antenna and it was at this point where we wondered aloud if Apple's iPhone wasn't already using liquid metal. Today's granted patent illustrates that the research that Apple's engineer did on this project in 2008 predated their first agreement with Liquidmetal Technologies in 2010. Last week Apple Extended their Master Agreement with Liquidmetal Technologies .
Apple Granted Patent for integrally trapping a glass insert in a metal bezel using Liquid Metal
Apple has been granted a patent today for their invention relating to the use of liquid metal in the assembly of iDevices.
Apple's granted patent pertains to techniques that enable an assembly that includes a transparent member that is integrally formed with a metal member.
Apple's granted patent may be implemented in numerous ways, including, but not limited to, as a method, system, device, or apparatus. Example embodiments of the present invention are discussed below.
According to one aspect of Apple's granted patent, a method includes positioning a transparent member in a mold configured for insertion molding, and providing a liquid metal into the mold. The method also includes hardening the liquid metal in the mold. Hardening the liquid metal includes binding the metal to the transparent member to create the integral assembly.
In accordance with another aspect of Apple's granted patent, a method for forming an integral assembly includes positioning a transparent member in a mold and using a metal injection molding (MIM) process to provide metal around the transparent member. The method also includes shrinking the metal at least partially around the transparent member to bind the metal to the transparent member to create the integral assembly. In one embodiment, shrinking the metal includes shrinking the metal by between approximately twenty percent and approximately thirty percent.
Apple's granted patent FIG. 1 is a process flow diagram which illustrates a method of creating an integral assembly that includes a metal member and a transparent member, e.g., glass, using an insertion molding process; FIG. 10C is a diagrammatic representation of a third example of an electronic device that includes an assembly that includes a transparent member and a metal member; FIG. 11 is a diagrammatic perspective representation of an electronic device that includes a housing that includes an integrally formed glass and metal part.
Apple's patent FIG. 7A noted above is a diagrammatic cross-sectional side-view representation of a transparent member (synthetic sapphire) and a metal member prior to a baking or shrinkage step of a MIM process in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. In patent FIG. 7B we're able to see a diagrammatic cross-sectional side-view representation of a transparent member (synthetic sapphire) and a metal member, e.g., transparent member and metal member 708 of FIG. 7A after a baking or shrinkage step of a MIM process.
Apple's engineer was way ahead of the curve with this invention that not only covered the use of liquid metal in future iPhones but also the use of sapphire glass. Apple notes in this patent that "Although an integral assembly typically includes glass, it should be appreciated that an integral assembly may instead include substantially any suitable transparent material. In general, a suitable transparent material may include any synthetic transparent material, as for example, synthetic sapphire.
Apple credits Kyle Yeates as the sole inventor of granted patent 8,738,104 which was originally filed in Q3 2008 and published today by the US Patent and Trademark Office. To review today's granted patent claims and details, see Apple's patent. To review Apple's other work related to Liquid Metal, see our Archives.
A Note for Tech Sites covering our Report: We ask tech sites covering our report to kindly limit the use of our graphics to one image. We thank you in advance for your cooperation.
Patently Apple presents only a brief summary of granted patents with associated graphics for journalistic news purposes as each Granted Patent is revealed by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office. Readers are cautioned that the full text of any Granted Patent should be read in its entirety for full details. About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Comments are reviewed daily from 4am to 8pm MST and sporadically on the weekend.
New on Patently Mobile this Week
Samsung Invents Digital Music Gloves with Application Twists
Samsung Invents Wearable Computers for Exercise Garments
Samsung to Advance Smart Wearables to Hazard Suits
Show full PR text
MORE SPACE FOR STYLE: THE MINI CLUBVAN CONCEPT.
- Compact lifestyle van for business and leisure
- First concept of its kind in the premium segment
- World premiere at the Geneva International Motor Show 2012
Woodcliff Lake, NJ – February 18, 2012 – Stand-out-from-the-crowd style can also be amazingly practical – and practicality can be surprisingly attractive. The MINI Clubvan Concept paves the way for an innovative vehicle concept without parallel in the premium small car segment. The MINI Clubman-based concept car, scheduled for its world premiere at the Geneva International Motor Show 2012, combines the driving fun for which MINI is renowned with increased load-carrying capability. The MINI experience will therefore find its way into new areas of life, the brand's distinctive character gaining new popularity among target groups not previously on the MINI radar.
The closed-off load area behind the front seats and the opaque rear side windows of the new concept set it apart most strikingly from the MINI Clubman, the platform used as its base. The MINI Clubvan Concept uses its broader skill-set to open up new usage possibilities – both business and leisure. Where a business's customers, product range or operating environment demand a particular style for its vehicles, this premium model can make the perfect delivery solution.
For example, a car in the mould of the MINI Clubvan Concept would fit excellently into the fleet of a fashion designer, art gallery owner or catering service. And its abilities as an all-rounder also tick the right boxes for a photographer with a stack of camera, tripod and lighting equipment to ferry around during the week – and bulky sports and leisure gear to pile on board at the weekend. The MINI Clubvan Concept pulls off the trick of blending enhanced practicality and a well-judged lifestyle focus with natural ease. This ability is based on the impressive adaptability that goes to the heart of the MINI brand's heritage.
Calls for maximizing the load capacity of the classic Mini began as early as 1960, just a year after the car's birth; and they were soon heeded. With its 10-centimeter-longer wheelbase (3.94 inches), separate load compartment and split rear doors, the Morris Mini Van was perfectly equipped for commercial use. It also provided the basis for the fully glazed, four-seat Morris Mini Traveller, one of the precursors of today's successful MINI Clubman. And so, more than 50 years on, the MINI Clubvan Concept sees history repeating itself – albeit in a slightly different order.
Two seats, five doors, endless usage potential.
Limiting the car to two seats creates the capacity its owners will need on a day-to-day basis, as well as opening up a whole new world of customization potential. The load compartment of the MINI Clubvan Concept embodies the car's fresh and rigorous interpretation of the principle used in the classic Mini – of providing the maximum amount of interior space on the smallest possible footprint. The load area reaches from the split rear doors right up to the partition grille behind the two seats. The totally level floor makes full use of the interior's depth, and that allows the concept car's load capacity to exceed the maximum achieved by the MINI Clubman.
Six attachment loops recessed into the load compartment floor use elasticized straps to hold items of varying lengths, heights and widths in place – without the risk of them sliding around. The partition grille, which is fixed securely to the car body, ensures that items stowed in the load compartment are kept safely away from the front seats. The lower section of the partition is made from solid aluminum, while the upper section consists of a silver-colored stainless steel honeycomb grating. The side walls and floor of the load compartment are trimmed in high-quality anthracite-colored cloth. The anthracite roof liner, meanwhile, extends along the full length of the interior. This uniform color scheme emphasizes the pure-bred, practicality-oriented character of the MINI Clubvan Concept.
Like the MINI Clubman, the MINI Clubvan Concept is a five-door car with a twist. Two front doors for the driver and front passenger, two side-hinged doors at the rear and the rear-hinged Clubdoor on the right-hand side create comfortable access to the interior. The Clubdoor gives owners the option of loading or unloading smaller items from the side of the car as well as the rear.
The generous levels of space on board the concept car can be exploited in a variety of ways. Commercial users will be particularly pleased to discover the scope for configuring the load compartment to personal requirements. For example, tools and goods can be stored neatly and securely in made-to-measure drawers or shelving units. 12-volt plug sockets in the rear area of the load compartment provide additional practicality.
Exterior design: shields from prying eyes, cuts a distinctive figure.
Impressive practicality and the brand's time-honored style lend the MINI Clubvan Concept its unmistakable character. Sharing the exterior dimensions of the MINI Clubman and boasting cleverly increased storage capacity, the concept car is the first premium model in the small-car-based van segment. The exterior appearance of the MINI Clubvan Concept marks it out immediately as a MINI – and therefore as a premium product. The function-led design modifications have no impact on the car's proportions and hallmark MINI design language, but they do give customers the opportunity to combine the demands of commercial use with an appreciation of individual style. The MINI Clubvan Concept comes with British Racing Green exterior paintwork, which extends to the roof, C-pillars and exterior mirror caps. As is usual for vehicles charged with transportation tasks, the rear side windows of the MINI Clubvan Concept are opaque. Polycarbonate sections – their outer surfaces painted in the car's body color – and heavily tinted glass for the rear doors make it difficult to see into the load compartment.
The unbroken paintwork along the car's flanks offers extensive scope for individualization, which the MINI Clubvan Concept highlights to eye-catching effect. The sealed side windows bear the logo of a sign design company based in the MINI's native Great Britain. The hand-applied graphics lend the vehicle a personal look. Indeed, the ultra-versatile MINI carries both its cargo and the company's promotional message with a uniquely stylish verve. The MINI Clubvan Concept presented in Geneva lends this form of customization a piquant authenticity – on two fronts. The British company that has literally left its stamp on the MINI Clubvan Concept creates similar vehicle graphics for its customers. And the MINI Clubvan Concept showcases how these might look when applied to a MINI van.
By now, everybody, but everybody, has commented on the bad implementation of the demonetisation (DM) policy announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on November 8. In simple terms, Rs 15.4 trillion (or lakh crores, hereafter referred to as T) were taken out of circulation on 8/11. Less than 3.5 T of new currency notes entered the system. Even by the end of December 2016, there will only be Rs 6 T of the new notes. Won't this shortage of Rs 7 trillion severely crimp transactions, diminish GDP growth and future tax revenues? These are important questions. Most reputable economists (both domestic and international) have opined that this radical demonetisation policy, while well-intentioned, was inappropriate and very costly.
Advertising
In this discussion, we will take it as given that the implementation of the policy has been terrible. But we differ with most on the expected short-run benefits, that is benefits without future policy changes. The latter, we think, are critical to the long-run success of demonetisation. At the same time, we think that fear mongering about the short-run costs needs to be discussed in a dispassionate manner.
First some broad “facts” to place the policy in perspective. GDP in 2016/17 was expected to be Rs 150 T; Rs 15.4 T of cash in circulation was withdrawn on November 8 (in the form of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes) . As of November 27, Rs 8.5 T had been deposited/exchanged with the banks, and unofficial rumours are by November end, almost Rs 11 T of old notes were deposited.
Currency with the public forms part of the transactions demand for money. While the demand for money question has been researched extensively by monetary economists, the demand for currency question has received only limited attention. The reason is obvious — typically, currency forms about 45 per cent of the sum of cash and demand deposits (M1) in emerging markets, that is not big enough compared to demand deposits. In fiscal year 2014/15, cash in India was 62 per cent of M1, a number that places it among the top 25 per cent of emerging markets (EMs). (In 2000, the EM average was 36 per cent, and India 45 per cent). This is our first crude estimate of black cash (BC) in India — about 17 per cent of M1 (difference between India and EMs: 62 minus 45), which, as of end October 2016, was Rs 28 T, that is BC on November 8 was Rs 4.8 T.
Advertising
A more rigorous estimation of the demand for currency for purposes of consumption in EMs for the period 1980-2015 (with urbanisation, size of the agricultural economy, per capita income etc being part of the determinants) yields the following result — the demand for excess cash in India is the tenth highest among 60 EMs. Excess cash is defined to be the excess over that predicted by the currency demand model.
On an average, black cash is a negligible proportion of household consumption in the region excluding India and Nepal — actually, a negative 0.7 per cent. The tenth most black cash economy in EMs is India (9.2 percent), and Nepal is eleventh at 7.8 per cent. Interestingly, Thailand has more black cash than India, 10.3 per cent of consumption; and Pakistan, considerably lower, at 2.7 per cent.
Household consumption is estimated to be around Rs 89 T in 2016, so black cash on November 8 in India was close to Rs 8 T. We feel that this is a very robust estimate — and several policy implications follow this analysis.
The “belief” among “experts” is that black cash is only about six per cent of the black economy. The black economy is variously estimated to be 25 per cent of GDP or around Rs 40 T; the “popular” estimate of six per cent would place BC in India to be Rs 2.4 T (what is the basis of the “six per cent of cash is black” conclusion?).
In an article, Monumental Mismanagement (IE, December 4, 2016), former finance minister, P. Chidambaram, vehemently argues that DM is a monumental failure. His reasoning: GDP will conservatively drop by one per cent this fiscal year, and at least 90 per cent of currency notes will return to the system, leaving the economy with zero benefits from DM (GDP is Rs 150 T, and notebandi cash is Rs 15.4 T).
How accurate is Chidambaram's calculation likely to be? First, on GDP decline by at least one per cent. Since all comparisons are with respect to FY15/16, what we do know is that agricultural GDP will be at least five per cent higher this year. The kharif crop was over by the time of demonetisation, and the rabi acreage, despite dire forecasts, is proceeding at a five per cent faster pace than last year. Industrial growth in November (PMI data) was also expanding in November. The one sector definitely affected by DM is the most important sector of the economy — services (60 per cent of the GDP). Like Chidambaram, assume conservatively that services consumption for the remaining five months of the year (November through March) of the fiscal year declines by five per cent, with most of this decline coming in November-December. The service sector for five months (November through March) was expected to be Rs 38 T. A decline of five per cent is a loss of Rs 2 T. Some of this (around Rs 1 T) will be made up by five per cent growth in agriculture, yielding a net loss of around Rs 1 T.
So it does appear that the Chidambaram calculation is about right — that is the costs of DM are about equal to the benefits. But let us get back to our earlier calculations — Rs 8 T is black cash, not black income stashed away in real estate, gold, foreign currency etc. Assume for a moment that black cash is the average of the two estimates — Rs 2 T (“theirs”, the six per cent formula) and Rs 8 T (ours, based on estimation of excess demand).
If Rs 5 T is returned to banks with a tax penalty of 50 per cent, then that is a tax gain in 2016/17 of Rs 2.5 T. At a lower 30 per cent tax rate in the future, this is an extra Rs 1.5 T in perpetuity because these individuals will now be permanently in the tax net with a higher level of income than before. At a five per cent discount rate, Rs 1.5 T in perpetuity is Rs 30 T. This is under the assumption that black cash has a low shelf life because smart money doesn't keep black income in cash.
So a proper static benefit cost analysis of the DM policy is as follows. In 2016/17, costs are Rs 1.5 T and benefits are Rs 1.5 T + 2.5 T or Rs 4 T. Just a one year calculation shows a more than 200 per cent return on investment! But future gains, through higher direct tax revenue collection of Rs 1.5 T means a very, very large return on the investment. This result is predicated on the assumption that two-thirds of notebandi reflected legitimate income or savings, and only one-third was illegal. One can change various assumptions (amount of legitimate returns, discount rate etc), the result will not be changed. Even on a static no-future-policy-change base, the demonetisation policy will likely be a huge success.
Advertising
But, if other policy measures to reform India are not forthcoming (decline in personal income tax rates to discourage tax evasion, elimination of stamp duty and long-term tax rates on property, a clampdown on the extortion power of tax officials, and reform of election funding), then history will view demonetisation as a colossal failure of thought and reform. It would be so unlike PM Modi to stop here, and I am not betting that he will.
Here's a two-page comic/story monster tale that appeared in the Styles section of the Boston Phoenix a-ways back in October, 1996. It's a story I wrote in college and it's illustrated by the ever-talented Mister Reusch, who 100% nails the mood. I've always liked it. It's got good tempo and a good payoff. Apparently, I used to know how to write. HO HO HO.
Other Things
* This was back when I was still publishing stuff under the moniker Mediocre Concepts Unlimited–No, don't ask me why. Writing under fake names/fake company names was just a phase I went through. It lasted like, twenty years.* No one draws menacing crooked teeth like Mister Reusch.* This story was originally written in 1992 for a writing/collage book project I made at MassArt.* Mark says: “I still remember being surprised/ confused/ dismayed when this was published as ‘Cartoonist Mark Reusch learns a few life lessons'…I thought, ‘TOM wrote this, not ME!' and then thinking readers would think I was drawing myself instead of the nameless narrator. This was my 1st Phoenix section cover, drawn & submitted hours right before I got 17 stitches in the middle finger of my drawing hand from a restaurant job injury, then beaten up by a thug who tried to gouge my eyes out (adios, contact lenses) and thrown down a flight of stairs. Ahh, Boston.”* Sorry about the lazy scan of the cover art. The corner flipped when it should've flopped.This is posted as part of my own lil'. Don't forget to check out ZOMBIE UPRISING! and Midnight At The Crossroads on this blog and Trick Or Treat! The Haunted House , and Franklinstein
Story highlights UK petition created in response to Trump's call to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.
Any petition that gets more than 100,000 signatures is considered for parliamentary debate
London (CNN) A petition calling for Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK has attracted more than a quarter of a million signatures -- more than enough for a committee to consider sending the motion for parliamentary debate.
"The UK has banned entry to many individuals for hate speech. The same principles should apply to everyone who wishes to enter the UK," read the petition, which was created by Suzanne Kelly, a woman from Aberdeen, Scotland, who has previously campaigned against Trump's political and business activities.
JUST WATCHED Political outrage at Trump's Muslim proposal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Political outrage at Trump's Muslim proposal 02:46
"If the United Kingdom is to continue applying the 'unacceptable behavior' criteria to those who wish to enter its borders, it must be fairly applied to the rich as well as poor, and the weak as well as powerful," the petition stated.
300,000 and counting
Eight Hindu women and their children, who were abducted by Muslim militants and taken to a refugee camp in Bangladesh, have returned to Myanmar, Oct. 5, 2017.
Eight Hindu women and eight children who were abducted by Muslim militants and taken to a refugee camp in Bangladesh have provided further details upon their return to Myanmar about the slaughter of Hindu villagers in northern Rakhine, the Myanmar government said Thursday.
The group was among those abducted by Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) militants who carried out deadly attacks on 30 police outposts and an army facility on Aug. 25 in northern Rakhine state.
Local Hindus and the Myanmar government in late September said that ARSA militants detained nearly 100 people from several Hindu villages in the Kha Maung Seik village tract the same day, killed most of them, and dumped their corpses in mass graves.
The militants also forced some of the young Hindu women to convert to Islam and took them to a Muslim refugee camp in neighboring Bangladesh.
Myanmar security forces found the mass graves on Sept. 24 and 25. Fifty-two Hindus were killed, and 192 others are still missing.
The eight Hindu women who witnessed the killings of residents of Yebaw Kya village returned to Myanmar with a police escort following a Myanmar government demand and the country's de facto leader Aung San Suu Kyi's instruction to bring them back, said a statement issued by the State Counselor's Office.
Myanmar's official account of the incident could not be independently confirmed, and the government has not allowed outside observers or media close, unfettered access to the conflict zone.
The eight women, who range in age from 15 to 25, told authorities that a group of about 500 Muslims militants led by a foreigner dressed in black and a local named Noru Lauk from Khamaungseik village entered their homes at about 8 a.m. on Aug. 25. They took their belongings, including their jewelry and mobile phones.
According to the women, the militants said, “This is not your village. It is our territory. We are the sole owners of this land. You are all the same as the Myanmar Armed Forces and police members. We will murder Buddhists and all of you who worship the statues made of bricks and stones.”
The militants then divided the villagers into two groups according to gender, tied their hands, and took them to Bawtala village, the women said, according to the government's statement.
They slashed the throats of the men, sliced up their bodies, and threw them in nearby pits, the women said.
The ARSA attack and subsequent crackdown by the Myanmar military prompted about 30,000 Hindus and other non-Muslims living in northern Rakhine to flee south to Mrauk U, Sittwe, Kyauktaw, and Minbya, while more than 500,000 Rohingya Muslims fled to Bangladesh, the statement said.
Converted to Islam
The Hindu women also said that the lives of eight girls and women were spared because the militants considered them beautiful and decided to convert them to Islam.
In the presence of the eight young women who were spared, ARSA militants killed Hindus from Yebaw Kya village, they said. A group of eight Hindu females and their children from the village were then taken to a cow ranch near Bawtalar village where they were killed.
A three-year-old boy named Phawlar, who was included in the group, saw the militants slash his father's throat before he was killed, they said. Local Muslims, whose names they recalled, guarded some other Hindu girls and children, while others left to set fire to police camps.
After some of the militants returned, they took the eight Hindu women and young children to a house in Bawtalar village and forced them to eat rice and meat, the latter of which their religion prohibits them from consuming, the women said.
The militants also instructed them about the lifestyle and behavior of Muslim women before taking them to the Bangladesh border on Aug. 27, where they passed through cut barbed wire and spent the night on a hill so they would not be detected by Bangladeshi border guards.
Early on Aug. 28, the group crossed the border into Bangladesh and were taken by car to Kutuparlaung refugee camp where they were housed with Muslims and forced to wear burqas, the women said.
Later that day, when foreign media conducted interviews at the camp, the militants told the Hindus to lie and say that that their families were killed by Myanmar army soldiers and Rakhine ethnics who forced them to flee out of fear for their lives.
The women said that the militants threatened to slash their children's throats unless they did as they were told, the government's statement said.
A 15-year-old named Raj Kumari was forced to marry a Muslim man named Barbu who worked at the camp, they said. The news was reported to Hindu leader Shaw Phaw Nam Shaw Mar Raw Ni who lives in Bangladesh and was made aware that the abducted Hindus were being converted to Islam.
He contacted the Bangladeshi border guards and went to the camp to find the eight Hindu women and their children, though the Muslim militants had fled.
The women and children were taken to a Bangladesh border guard camp for the night and later collected by a Hindu priest who took them to his home.
On Aug. 30, Bangladeshi government officials transported them back to Kutuparlaung Camp, saying that they would provide relief supplies for them. They stayed on a chicken farm inside the refugee camp where they were guarded by a Bangladeshi Hindu, the women said.
On Sept. 19, one of the women was able to call her brother-in-law in northern Rakhine's Maungdaw township and told him the location where the villagers, including her husband, were killed. Seven days later, she was able to contact Hindu religious leader Ni Maul in Sittwe, who suggested the women and children return to Myanmar with help from Myanmar security forces.
The women left the camp on the pretext of visiting a Hindu religious festival and arrived in Myanmar with the help of security forces, the government's statement said.
Broken dishes are among the remains of a house in Myo Thu Gyi Muslim village where homes were burned to the ground near Maungdaw township in Myanmar's northern Rakhine state, Aug. 31, 2017. Credit: AFP
The Aug. 25 ARSA attacks triggered a brutal military campaign against Rohingya civilians to try to find the militants and those who collaborated with them.
Rights groups, the United Nations, and some of the half-million Rohingya who fled to neighboring Bangladesh have accused soldiers of committing atrocities aginst Muslims.
ARSA also carried out a deadly attack on border guard stations in northern Rakhine in October 2016, which prompted an army crackdown that forced about 90,000 Rohingya to flee their homes.
The government has denied the allegations and accused Muslim militants of torching villages, killing Hindus, and driving out non-Muslims.
On Thursday, the office of Senior General Min Aung Hlaing, Myanmar's military commander-in-chief, said on its Facebook page that Rohingya militants have set fire to homes in northern Rakhine during the last few days to drive a further exodus of Muslims to Bangladesh.
Security forces in Mi Chaung Zay village in Buthidaung township helped villagers put out the fires started by an ARSA militant in the early hours on Thursday, the post said.
Rohingya who have fled Bangladesh contends that the army has continued to use arson to intimidate them and force them out of their homes, though the Myanmar government said previously that all military operations had ended on Sept. 5.
U.N. officials have said what Myanmar has done in Rakhine amounts to ethnic cleansing — a term used Thursday in Washington by Rep. Ed Royce, chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.
“We identify this as full-fledged ethnic cleansing,” he told a hearing on the Rakhine crisis.
A U.S. State Department official told the House panel that the military crackdown in northern Rakhine could destabilize the region and invite international terrorists, the Associated Press reported.
“Burma's nascent democracy is at a turning point and a heavy-handed response invites international terrorists and challenges for other neighbors," Patrick Murphy, a senior U.S. official for Southeast Asia, told the committee.
Despite government assurances that security operations ended in early September, vigilantes are still torching Rohingya homes and blocking humanitarian assistance from reaching those who need it, he said.
He also said that besides the half-million Rohingya who have fled to Bangladesh, an estimated 200,000 people have been internally displaced in Rakhine.
Myanmar has long marginalized the Rohingya, who are considered illegal immigrants from Bangladesh and denied citizenship, though many have lived in the country for decades. They are subject to systematic discrimination and denied access to jobs and basic services.
Reported by RFA's Myanmar Service. Translated by Khet Mar. Written in English by Roseanne Gerin.
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Raymond Gilmour's death is not being treated as suspicious
A former supergrass who infiltrated the IRA at the height of the Troubles in Northern Ireland has been found dead at his home in Kent.
Raymond Gilmour, from Londonderry, was found dead by his son, according to the Belfast Telegraph.
He became an RUC Special Branch informer when he was 17 and was the only witness in a trial of 35 IRA suspects that collapsed in 1984.
Raymond Gilmour lived under an assumed identity for more than 30 years.
It is understood that his death is not being treated as suspicious.
He first joined republican paramilitaries the Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) in 1976 as a police agent working for the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC).
He then moved to the IRA in 1980 before his cover was blown two years later when police used information supplied by him to recover a machine gun.
He decided to testify against a number of alleged republicans in 1984, but the case collapsed when the then lord chief justice, Lord Lowry, dismissed his evidence, calling it "unworthy of belief".
Image copyright Pacemaker Image caption Protests were held outside Crumlin Road Courthouse when Raymond Gilmour testified
Sir John Hermon, the RUC chief constable at that time, called them "CTs" - converted terrorists. Technically they were "assisting offenders".
But on the streets of the communities they came from, as evidenced by the graffiti on the walls, they were branded "touts" and "supergrasses".
During the early 1980s, people took to the streets to protest at what they called the "show trials".
It was claimed informers were offered cash inducements and that secret deals were struck at a political level, approved by the secretary of state for Northern Ireland.
At that time, the trials held in the now derelict Crumlin Road courthouse in Belfast were the largest in British criminal history.
In one of them in 1983, 22 IRA suspects were jailed for a total of 4,000 years.
A Maine state lawmaker who is being investigated by the A Maine state lawmaker who is being investigated by the U.S. Secret Service over a threatening online comment about President Trump has been removed from two legislative committees as punishment, the state's House speaker announced Friday.
Democratic Democratic Rep. Scott Hamann has been kicked off the Health and Human Services Committee and the Marijuana Legalization Implementation Committee, House Speaker Sara Gideon said, the Bangor Daily News reported
The punishment came three days after The punishment came three days after Mr. Hamann called President Trump a joke, a rapist, a racist and a liar in a lengthy Facebook rant that concluded with an apparent threat against the president.
“Trump is a half term president, at most, especially if I ever get within 10 feet of that p—,” “Trump is a half term president, at most, especially if I ever get within 10 feet of that p—,” Mr. Hamann wrote.
He apologized a day later, saying he shouldn't have voiced his frustration by responding with the same “vile language currently surrounding politics.”
“This is not language I typically use, it does not reflect my personal values, and while misguided, it was intended to make a visceral point about the devolving political discourse in America,” “This is not language I typically use, it does not reflect my personal values, and while misguided, it was intended to make a visceral point about the devolving political discourse in America,” Mr. Hamann said.
A representative of the A representative of the U.S. Secret Service said it has opened an investigation into Mr. Hamann 's statements.
“I hope this consequence sends a clear signal to all members of the House of Representatives that they are expected to conduct themselves with respect at all times and in all media,” she said, the Daily News reported.
LOAD COMMENTS ( 55 )
HIDE COMMENTS
Daisy Luther
Activist Post
You're in estimable and well-educated company if you don't believe in the myth of global warming. However, according to Obama, those who doubt the climate change propaganda are members of the “Flat Earth Society” – basically, superstitious fools.
Ironically, Obama is the one using junk science and emotion in order to further an agenda, because man-made climate change is a myth that has been disproved.
Global warming has been debunked by peer-reviewed studies. A recent article by Thomas Lifson for American Thinker stated “A peer-reviewed survey of 1077 geoscientists and engineers finds that “only 36 percent of geoscientists and engineers believe that humans are creating a global warming crisis.
What's more, researchers at none other than NASA have confirmed that carbon dioxide actually cools the planet, rather than warming it.
Martin Mlynczak and his colleagues over at NASA tracked infrared emissions from the earth's upper atmosphere during and following a recent solar storm that took place between March 8-10. What they found was that the vast majority of energy released from the sun during this immense coronal mass ejection (CME) was reflected back up into space rather than deposited into earth's lower atmosphere.
The result was an overall cooling effect that completely contradicts claims made by NASA's own climatology division that greenhouse gases are a cause of global warming. As illustrated by data collected using Sounding of the Atmosphere using Broadband Emission Radiometry (SABER), both carbon dioxide (CO2) and nitric oxide (NO), which are abundant in the earth's upper atmosphere, greenhouse gases reflect heating energy rather than absorb it…
…According to the data, up to 95 percent of solar radiation is literally bounced back into space by both CO2 and NO in the upper atmosphere. Without these necessary elements, in other words, the earth would be capable of absorbing potentially devastating amounts of solar energy that would truly melt the polar ice caps and destroy the planet. (source)
This is meaningless to Obama, as he wages his war on coal. In his speech on Tuesday, he said, ”Nobody has a monopoly on what is a very hard problem, but I don't have much patience for anyone who denies that this challenge is real.”
“We don't have time for a meeting of the flat-Earth society,” Obama said. “Sticking your head in the sand might make you feel safer, but it's not going to protect you from the coming storm.” (source)
If you know what to look for, Obama's tactic is obvious – he is belittling those who are aware that the climate change threat is nothing but a hoax for control, by insinuating that we are backward and ignorant. This is meant not only to insult our intelligence, but also to manipulate the public into not wanting to be as backward and ignorant as the “deniers”.
He went on to say that the majority of scientists agreed that global warming is a man-made crisis and that they had “put to rest” any skepticism. I guess President Obama missed the memo from NASA and that survey of the top scientists mentioned above.
Of course those statistics don't support Obama's goal of destroying the coal industry and falling into line with the United Nation's false environmental movement. The end result of this will be higher energy prices, less availability of energy for most of us, and limited transportation options – in short – it's pure Agenda 21 and a way to control to masses and put the world's resources into the hands of the elite.
We were warned of this in 1996:
A group of U of T researchers have demonstrated that the space under our skin might be an optimal location to treat type 1 diabetes (T1D).
The new study, led by researchers in the Institute of Biomaterials & Biomedical Engineering (IBBME), involved transplanting healthy pancreatic cells under the skin to produce insulin for blood glucose regulation.
“The skin has the advantage of being readily accessible,” said Michael Sefton, a senior researcher of the study published this week in PNAS and a professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering & Applied Chemistry and IBBME. “It is also presenting fewer hazards than other transplantation sites.”
In persons with T1D, insulin-making beta cells, located in regions of the pancreas known as pancreatic islets, are damaged. Implanting healthy new cells could restore insulin function, but it's hard to get them in the right place.
“Pancreatic islets are scattered throughout the pancreas in between other pancreatic cells that secrete digestive enzymes,” said Alexander Vlahos, the lead author of this study and a PhD candidate in IBBME. “This makes it impractical to try and deliver islets to the pancreas: you would most likely be delivering it to a region of the pancreas that is secreting these enzymes.”
Other sites such as the abdominal cavity and liver aren't much better: they are considered “hostile” environments that can damage the new cells, resulting in loss of function.
“The accessible location of the skin makes islet transplantation a lot more manageable, especially if the patient responds negatively to the donor cells,” said Vlahos. “The space under the skin has a large area so that it can support many islets, which is necessary for this approach.”
Vlahos pursued the idea of transplanting pancreatic islets under the skin because the current method of implanting into the liver requires too many donor cells.
“You need to overshoot the quantity of islets when injecting into the liver because you lose about 60 per cent of the transplanted cells within the first 48 hours,” said Vlahos. “That amount of islets requires two to three donors for each recipient.”
In his tests, Vlahos injected healthy pancreatic islets under the skin and found that normal blood sugar levels could be restored within 21 days, provided he created blood vessels at the same time. When the islet transplants were removed, glucose levels returned to diabetic levels.
However, Vlahos believes that these results mark only the beginning of a bigger picture.
“Pancreatic islets comprise approximately one per cent of the pancreas, but require 15 to 20 per cent of the blood flow to the organ,” said Vlahos. “We needed to ensure adequate blood flow to the islets in order for this to work.”
“The next phase of our research will involve engineering the blood vessel network first and then injecting fewer islets into the already vascularized tissue ,” said Sefton. “A well-vascularized environment will allow more of the cells to survive and function within the host, reducing the need for multiple donors per patient.”
The earlier results of this work provided the basis for a successful proposal for $1.1 million from international diabetes foundation JDRF to support the next phase of this research.
Sunny Leone has made it to BBC's 100 most influential women for 2016. But that's not the news that's exciting us the most.
The fact that four other Indian women, whom you might never have heard of otherwise, have also found coveted spots on the list--and that's reason enough to celebrate mid-week!
Apart from Leone, the list includes the names of Indian women Gouri Chindarkar (from Sangli), Mallika Srinivasan (from Chennai), Neha Singh (from Mumbai) and Saalumarada Thimmakka (from Karnataka).
Twenty-year-old computer engineering student, Gouri Chindarkar, is one of the first children in India to experience a unique learning experience that goes by the name of School in the Cloud (England).
Mallika Srinivasan, 57, is more popularly known as the Tractor Queen of India. She is the CEO of Tractors and Farm Equipment Ltd, which is now the third-largest tractor manufacturer of the world.
Actor-writer Neha Singh, 34, founded a movement--called Why Loiter? Mumbai--to encourage women to walk the streets in Mumbai to defy harassment.
And the oldest woman on the list is our very own 105-year-old environmentalist from Karnataka, Saalumarada Thimmakka, who has planted more than 8,000 trees in 80 years. As a matter of fact, her project first began in response to social ridicule, at not being able to have children!
Sunny Leone took to Twitter to share her excitement of making it to the coveted list: "Thank you?thank you? @BiggBoss @BeingSalmanKhan @rajcheerfull for having me on your show! Means the world to me! All began here!! Xoxo. (sic)"
When I first get a glimpse of Jeremy Corbyn, I almost walk past him.
His white hair, casual stroll and air of humbleness could pass him off as a regular middle-aged bloke on his daily commute to work. I'm not sure what I expected – perhaps an intimidating presence which silences the room when he steps in. Of course, he has his “fans” – his press officer actually described them as such – who gaze in awe and follow his every movement. But he manages to simultaneously command a room while maintaining a self-deprecating character.
As he shakes my hand I can't help but mentally compare him to my own father – that's the most accurate way to describe his demeanour. It's not to do with his age or the way he stands, slightly stooped with his hands in his pockets. It's because he's someone you respect but don't fear, and this is, for some, perhaps two distinctive qualities of a successful political leader.
We're conducting our interview in a community hall in Glasgow. Our table is equipped with cans of Irn-Bru (classic Glasgow) and a plate of ginger snaps, which Corbyn helps himself to after asking me if it was alright – like I'd ever say no. He's polite, yet stern and unhesitant in his answers, but nevertheless easy to talk to.
This information, however, won't be new to the nation who now know Corbyn as “a man of the people”. He has been rapidly elevated to a figure of hope and change for young people since this year's general election, which saw him attend Labour rallies all over the country where he was met by scores of people chanting his name.
The Tab met with Jezza to chat about how young people can continue to be empowered, and, perhaps most importantly, his opinions on the Great British Bake Off.
Straight up – are you going to win the general election in four years' time?
Hopefully sooner than four years time.
A lot of people believe you heavily implied that you'd write off historic student debt – can you confirm or deny if this will be happening?
I made it very clear that we would end tuition fees for college and university students – I didn't say we would write off student debt. What I said was we would look at ways of limiting the cost of it and we're looking at those things now. We didn't make a commitment on that and it's wholly wrong that people claim so.
What message do you have for young people who came out and voted for you?
Thank you very much for coming out and voting, thank you very much for your support in the election. It's very important to stay involved in politics and keep that pressure up for social justice, pressure up for investment in the future and pressure to give young people a real chance. Our whole view is that young people have been ignored by politics for too long, they've not been given any opportunities and have been lectured to make their own provision for the future because the State will not support them in education or housing or health or pensions.
Well, sorry – it's the 21st century, let's have all those great values that founded our movement brought up-to-date to provide for those things for the future. Our message in the election was, ‘yes, we're going to raise taxation for the very richest and the big corporations in order to pay for education and health.'
What do you think young people can now do to continue to stay empowered?
Through campaigning work that they do, on health provision, on housing, crucially, but also on the issues that effect us all – why, for example, is Donald Trump trying to walk away from the Paris Climate Change Agreement? Why is the UK Government still imposing Universal Credit on people who are already up against it? Why are wages so depressed that six million in the UK are on less than the Living Wage? It's wrong. Make those campaigns and things do change. I tell you, they will.
What do you think of Jacob Rees Mogg?
I don't do personal attacks or assessments of other politicians – I treat people with respect always and everybody else should treat each other with respect. I disagree with the political points some of them put out, including Jacob Rees Mogg. On a personal basis, I've never been abusive to him and he never to me.
Are you going to watch the Great British Bake Off?
Yes, I've checked out the timing and it works for me.
And if you were on it, what would your signature bake be?
What I like making, but it wouldn't really work for Bake Off because it takes too long, is Christmas cake. It's quite a long affair to make. One and a half kilos of fruit, flour, four of five hundred grams of butter – it's not very healthy – a lot of sugar, eight eggs, and an awful lot of spices.
I do it all myself and it takes quite a while to do. Then I'll add something that gives it a bit of flavour – whisky, sherry, whisky's the best – put that in and bake it for at least five hours. I'll make it in November and come Christmas time, I'll cut it up and give it to family and friends. I enjoy doing it.
#JeremyCorbyn has the biggest crowd by far at #Glastonbury2017. Pretty incredible standing amongst a quarter of a million people hearing such support for his messages of peace, justice and inclusivity. #JeremyCorbynGlastonbury A post shared by Formidable Vegetable Sound Sys (@formidableveg) on Jun 24, 2017 at 8:15am PDT
Do people still chant at you like they did at Glastonbury?
Yes, and quite a lot – it was before Glastonbury, it started at Wirral Live during the election campaign. We went to the concert and my job was to go on stage and introduce them – it all got a bit random but it was fun. It was a great concert and I was talking about sport, music and working class culture and people's involvement in these things and how strong we are because of it. It's about strength and community. It's how you change things.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 7, 2013, 8:52 PM GMT By Sofia Perpetua
Two Arkansas residents filed a class action lawsuit against Exxon Mobil Friday, demanding to be compensated for damages after a crude oil pipeline ruptured the week before in their subdivision outside Little Rock, Ark.
Kathryn Chunn and Kimla Greene, residents of Ledrick Circle, filed the lawsuit in U.S. District Court on behalf of themselves and other affected residents and are seeking more than $5 million in damages. According to the 16-page document, which was posted on the Arkansas Times website Friday, homeowners within 3,000 feet of the pipeline were impacted by the spill that occurred in Mayflower, Ark., a suburb 20 miles from Little Rock.
Read the lawsuit (.pdf)
According to the lawsuit, 19,000 barrels were spilled in what the residents are calling the “worst spill in Arkansas history.” Exxon, however, says the equivalent of 5,000 crude oil barrels were spilled.
The lawsuit says the pipeline's capacity was increased by 50 percent in 2009 and that the line was not adequately maintained or inspected. The 65-year-old Pegasus pipeline transports crude oil from Canada between Illinois and Texas.
Exxon has not responded to the lawsuit but said in an online statement that it is paying for the cleanup and "will honor all valid claims."
In an online briefing Saturday, the company said the spill mostly affected the yards of six homes. The company says the water supply has not been tainted. Exxon also pointed to air quality reports produced by the Environmental Protection Agency, which show an increase in carbon monoxide in some areas around the spill, but no increases in other emissions.
Arkansas Attorney General Dustin McDaniel launched an investigation last week into what caused the spill and the subsequent recovery efforts, and the investigation may be used as evidence for the plaintiffs. An Exxon spokeswoman told Reuters that the company will “cooperate fully” with any investigation.
Meantime, the 22 residents who were evacuated from their homes have not been able to return. State health authorities are still working on a plan for a safe return.
Mayflower, Ark., Chief of Police Bob Satkowski told Channel 7 News in Little Rock that those residents had to leave their homes because of health risks from the crude oil fumes and possible fires.
ExxonMobil initially downplayed environmental concerns, saying that the air quality didn't likely present a human health risk, “with the exception of high-pooling areas.”
EPA officials said the cleanup would be long and expensive, according to KARK. Exxon has since said it would pay for the cleanup.
The oil spill came at a bad time for crude oil public relations. Two days before the spill, Reuters reported that a train carrying crude oil derailed in Minnesota and spilled up to 30,000 gallons.
The week before, the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration recommended fining Exxon Mobil Pipeline Company $1.7 million for how the company responded to a crude oil pipeline failure in the Yellowstone River in Montana.
The Mayflower, Ark. oil spill was more than 10 times more significant than the Montana spill, which leaked 1,509 barrels.
To put these numbers in perspective: The 1989 Exxon Valdez spill poured 260,000 to 750,000 gallons into Alaskan waters.
The 2010 Deep Water Horizon oil spill, the most significant oil spill in the U.S., leaked 4.9 million barrels into the Gulf Coast.
An Intro to Music Theory for Hackers
Jordan Leigh Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2017
The velocity of a wave is equal to it's frequency times it's wavelength — (v = f * λ) — Frequency is measured in Hertz (Hz) which is the crests of the wave that pass a fixed point per second. Wavelength is measured in meters from crest to crest (or more realistically in nanometers). Velocity is measured in meters per second.
Two things to note here. First, an audible sound wave has a fixed velocity when traveling through air (343 meters per second) this is what you commonly hear called “the speed of sound”. Any sound wave will travel at this velocity, the only way to change the velocity is to change the medium that the wave is traveling through. Second, the amplitude of a wave has no effect on it's velocity. A sound wave will displace air particles as it travels, a larger amplitude means that more particles will be displaced but the wave still travels at the same speed. Amplitude affects the volume of a sound not the pitch.
Which means for audible sound waves the values that are variable from note to note are the frequencies and the wavelengths, and those change inversely to each other. So for all intents and purposes the only thing that varies from one “note” to another is the frequency of the sound wave it produces. When someone refers to a “note” they are referring to a frequency. When someone refers to a “pitch” they are also referring to a frequency. A “higher pitch” means a higher frequency. The range of human hearing is ~20Hz to 20,000Hz you can test that here if you're curious what range you're personally capable of hearing.
There are twelve “notes” used in western music: A, A#, B, C, C#, D, D#, E, F, F#, G, G#
If you're any kind of sensible hacker this will immediately raise some questions like “why is there no B# or E#?”, “how are there only 12 notes when there are 88 keys on a piano?”, “how exactly does the Latin alphabet connect to physics anyway?” etc…
Back before we had oscilloscopes and other ways to computationally measure wavelengths people still made music. And one of the things they figured out was that you could change the “pitch” of a sound wave by vibrating a string faster or slower. The faster you vibrated a string the “higher” the pitch seemed to be. And as you raised the pitch higher and higher it would eventually reach a point where the sound seemed to match a previous lower sound that it had made. Almost as if the two pitches were different shades of the same color. You're probably already somewhat aware of this idea, if you sing “do re mi fa so la ti do” there's something similar about the two “do”s even though you're at a higher pitch when you sing the second one.
These similar sounds got classified as letters of the alphabet (A, B, C etc..) and you could add a number next to them to differentiate which one was the higher sound. So there could be an A0, A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, A6, A7, A8 etc… where each number was a higher pitch where the sound had that similar quality to the lower sound.
When humans first figured out how to measure wave frequencies in the 1800's, we discovered that the places where sounds were “similar” were where the frequency was exactly 2x the other one. So the sound classified as A3 turned out to have 2x the frequency as the sound at A2.
That's the first insight that you need. The “pitch” of a note refers to a frequency (in Hz). A sound wave of frequency 49Hz is called a “G”. A sound wave of frequency 98Hz is also called a “G”.
G0 = 24.50 Hz
G1 = 49.00 Hz
G2 = 98.00 Hz
G3 = 196.00 Hz
G4 = 392.00 Hz
G5 = 783.99 Hz
G6 = 1567.98 Hz
G7 = 3135.96 Hz
G8 = 6271.93 Hz
Things like “sharps” and “flats” are arbitrary constructs. The note we call A4 has a frequency of 440Hz. The note we call B4 has a frequency of 493.88Hz. The note we call A#4 has a frequency of 466.16Hz. Sharps aren't real things, they're just a hack because musicians used discrete alphanumeric values to represent continuous numbers and then went back and wanted to add things in between.
You could just as easily use numbers instead of letters and call the notes 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12 and it would probably be slightly more logical.
Because notes are just frequencies, you can think of notes as being of type float.
The Golden Age of Zulu, Darien's first K-9
Officer Nick Aranzullo with Zulu, the only dog in Darien's K-9 unit, at the police station in Darien, CT, on Wednesday, August 3, 2016. Officer Nick Aranzullo with Zulu, the only dog in Darien's K-9 unit, at the police station in Darien, CT, on Wednesday, August 3, 2016. Photo: Erin Kayata / Hearst Connecticut Media Photo: Erin Kayata / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close The Golden Age of Zulu, Darien's first K-9 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
DARIEN — When Darien police officers arrived to an overnight accident scene with a face imprint on the windshield, but no injured passenger in sight, they knew it was time to get a police dog.
“The necessity to have a police canine at that point, there was no question,” Sgt. Jeremiah Marron, one of the officers who helped start the program said. “We called the state police, state police came and did a track from the car wreck location, [and] ended up finding the operator. I believe he was completely naked and lying in a riverbank, probably a mile away. He was sure to die if we didn't find him. He was already hypothermic and did have head injuries. That following week, we made the decision to move forward with it.”
Darien had been looking into getting a dog since 2007, but after that accident in the winter of 2008, the department got the go ahead to get a dog. In March 2009, Zulu, a black German Shepherd, joined the force as Darien's first canine.
Handling Zulu is Officer Nick Aranzullo (the similar names are coincidence), who joined Darien police in 2005. Aranzullo played a large part in establishing the K-9 program through research and budget planning.
“At that point, we were constantly calling in dogs from outside,” Aranzullo said. “Stamford didn't have any dogs, Norwalk had a few. So, a lot of times we were getting dogs from Ridgefield, Greenwich and that holds up everything. You start to feel more of a burden, so we realized at that point ‘Why don't we have a dog here?'”
Aranzullo decided to apply to become the K-9 officer to for the opportunities the role afforded. Since Darien's K-9 program began when many other towns didn't have one, Aranzullo said he's gotten the chance to work in many other towns on cases he wouldn't normally get in Darien.
“I wanted to do something more than what I was at that point,” said Aranzullo. “At that point, we were getting more of an influx of narcotics activity trafficking through town. In order to actually have some sort of impact on that, you have to search cars and a lot of times, the only way to search the car is to have the probable cause of a dog hitting on the odor of narcotics. I was interested in doing that kind of stuff and I thought it'd be a benefit for the town to have a dog if a kid or an elderly patient goes missing. It was kind of multi-faceted. A lot of it was because I wanted to do something more.”
Aranzullo got Zulu when he was about one and a half years old. Like all police canines, Zulu had to go through intense training both at home and for work for three months. Aranzullo had training homework to do with Zulu at home, on top of going to training classes.
Aranzullo admitted the process was daunting at first.
“When Sgt. Marron and I started the program, everything sounds great in theory and then all of a sudden, here's the dog,” Aranzullo said. “All of a sudden, I'm sitting at my condo with a German Shepard that's trained in police work and I'm like ‘I don't know what I'm doing.”
The officer also had to bond with his new dog. For months, Aranzullo fed Zulu out of his own hands and took him outside on a leash every time he had to go to the bathroom, even in the middle of the night.
“The big thing in the beginning was they want you to develop a strong bond with the dog. Probably contrary to what a lot of people understand, it's a lot of positive reinforcement,” Aranzullo said. “The dog has to trust you and want to work for you. If he eats, you're feeding him out of your hands. If he goes to the bathroom, you're taking him out. It's all stuff so he starts to learn and couple [you] with positive stuff. That's how you build that bond which is a big part of the foundation to get them to work for us and listen to us.”
Zulu officially went into service in July 2009. Since then, he's played a role in numerous narcotics arrests, as well as helped locate missing people and suspects. Notably, he's located suspects in a Greenwich car theft, as well as suspects in a break-in at the animal hospital in Darien that treats him. Early on in his career, he was often called into other towns, but now that many other departments have established their own programs, the demand has slowed.
While many police dogs also do community relations, Zulu's personality makes him less suitable for being around large groups of people. His protective instinct for his handler is strong and he's been know to get aggressive when people roughhouse or approach Aranzullo in a way that the canine perceives as threatening.
“He's very loyal. He knows when you throw that switch and it's time to work. He's good at what he does,” said Marron. “We didn't want a dog that everyone can come and pet. A lot of people are afraid of him, because he is intimidating looking. I spend so much time with him, he's like a big teddy bear to me, but he's not like that with everybody.”
“He's like my best friend. He's very friendly,” Aranzullo added. “But they key off certain things. They're protective of the handlers and that's one of the things expected of the dogs. He's gentle when he's not in a situation where he feels like he's threatened and I'm threatened. It's when he feels like he needs to do his job that he responds to it.”
Zulu's protective nature extends to Aranzullo's family as well. Aranzullo and his wife welcomed triplets in May and the officer says the dog appears to check on the babies whenever they start crying. Zulu also barks whenever someone comes to the house, an inconvenience, Aranzullo said, when it comes to having people over.
Watching over the Aranzullos will soon be Zulu's full time job. After seven years of service, Zulu is old enough to retire. The department is already in the process of finding a new canine for the program.
“He's hit that point where he's in his golden years,” said Marron. “He's right there on the cusp of being considered a senior canine as far as age goes.”
Aranzullo will be replaced as well. His home life demands are too much right now to keep up with the 24/7 work required of a K-9 officer and he's ready to do something new.
“It's a lot of work for my wife and I right now, keeping up with just feeding the kids,” Aranzullo said. “For me to have the responsibility of the dog and if the phone rings at three o'clock in the morning and they need the dog somewhere and I have to run out...it's a pretty big impact on the family dynamic. I don't want to see the program nosedive because I'm not able to do it anymore the way I should be.”
Aranzullo said he'd also like to step back to see another officer try the job.
“I'm getting to the point in my career where I'd like to explore other avenues of where I want to go in the department,” he said. “I'd like to see some of the newer people coming on have the opportunity to do this before they lose any interest that they have. I think it's a good time to step back and hand it to somebody else.”
The department is currently interviewing candidates for the new position, as well as looking for a new dog. When the new dog is trained, Aranzullo will step down and take Zulu home as a pet, most likely before the end of the year.
In addition to replacing Zulu, the department is also looking to add a second canine to their program.
“We have explored the option of adding a second canine. That's something that's been brought up to the police commission for discussion, but at this point it's just for discussion,” said Chief of Police Duane Lovello. “We do believe the canine function is essential to the operations of the department. He's proven his value and it's a positive asset not only for the department, but for the region.”
It is the hard work of Zulu and Aranzullo that made the first “round” of the K-9 become a success and an investment for growth.
“It's not just about driving around in a car that says ‘Police K-9,” said Marron. “There's a huge responsibility that's attached to it. There's war stories out there and we're very happy to say we haven't had any of those incidents. I attribute that to the hardworking regiment that Nick stuck to. If it didn't work this time around, we couldn't keep it going. But not only are we looking to keep it going, but to potentially expand it as well.”
58 Pages Posted: 20 Mar 2015 Last revised: 25 Jul 2017
Date Written: March 10, 2015
Abstract
Just as decentralization communication systems lead to the creation of the Internet, today a new technology — the blockchain — has the potential to decentralize the way we store data and manage information, potentially leading to a reduced role for one of the most important regulatory actors in our society: the middleman.
Blockchain technology enables the creation of decentralized currencies, self-executing digital contracts (smart contracts) and intelligent assets that can be controlled over the Internet (smart property). The blockchain also enables the development of new governance systems with more democratic or participatory decision-making, and decentralized (autonomous) organizations that can operate over a network of computers without any human intervention. These applications have led many to compare the blockchain to the Internet, with accompanying predictions that this technology will shift the balance of power away from centralized authorities in the field of communications, business, and even politics or law.
In this Article, we explore the benefits and drawbacks of this emerging decentralized technology and argue that its widespread deployment will lead to expansion of a new subset of law, which we term Lex Cryptographia: rules administered through self-executing smart contracts and decentralized (autonomous) organizations. As blockchain technology becomes widely adopted, centralized authorities, such as governmental agencies and large multinational corporations, could lose the ability to control and shape the activities of disparate people through existing means. As a result, there will be an increasing need to focus on how to regulate blockchain technology and how to shape the creation and deployment of these emerging decentralized organizations in ways that have yet to be explored under current legal theory.
If you're about to sign on the dotted line for a Porsche Cayman, then pen down. At least until you've seen this, Renault's alternative.
It's our best look yet at the Alpine sports car that lands in 2017. There have been teasers before, but this Alpine Vision is described as 80 per cent related to the car you'll actually be able to buy.
If you know your history of Renault's sports car relative, you'll recognise the design cues. The quad front lights, rear window shape and overall profile all unapologetically nod to Alpine's exceedingly pretty A110, a sixties sports car with a strong rallying CV.
You want the important stats? The Alpine Vision is driven by its rear wheels, the turbocharged four-cylinder petrol engine powering them is mounted in the middle, and that operates through a twin-clutch paddleshift gearbox.
There are no firm numbers yet, but we reckon around 250bhp is likely from a production version. That's nearly 50bhp less than a new 718 Caymans, but the Alpine ought to be around 300kg skinnier, weighing a Clio-like 1,100kg. 0-62mph, Renault says, will arrive in “less than 4.5 seconds”.
It'll be a wee while before we get to drive an Alpine, but all the right words are being said. “Weight-saving and agility are valued over pure power,” says Alpine, while its coupe will offer a chassis with a “playful personality”. In a sports car market typically hung up on big power and even bigger grip levels, there's plenty to get excited about when a car vehemently shuns both in favour of fun. Think Toyota GT86…
The finished product will not be a GT86 rival, however: Renault is punching for Porsche, and we can expect a £40,000-plus price-tag for its finished sports car, with the 718 Cayman its chief rival. Though the Alfa Romeo 4C and Lotus Exige are surely on the French company's radar, too.
Fittingly, then, the interior is plushly appointed. There's aluminium and carbon aplenty, while highlights include fancy TFT instruments and a pair of “sensuous and technical” quilted leather bucket seats. And while we're quoting Alpine's literature, it must be noted the interior starter button holds “the promise of an imminent sensory explosion.” Eww.
We'll see this Alpine Vision concept at the Geneva motor show at the beginning of March, while a production version follows later in the year. Autumn's Paris motor show would be a good bet, given Renault will have an appreciative home crowd to show it off to.
What do you think, TG.commers? Sleepless nights ahead in Stuttgart?
Along with the crew of the Dream-chaser, several of Middle-earth's greatest heroes must once more sail the wild seas south of the Grey Havens. Their journey will take them through jagged reefs and raging squalls. They will confront corsairs and risk falling overboard, and all in a desperate effort to reclaim a stolen relic…
Fantasy Flight Games is proud to announce the upcoming release of Flight of the Stormcaller, the first Adventure Pack in the Dream-chaser cycle for The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game!
Set after the events of The Grey Havens deluxe expansion, Flight of the Stormcaller introduces a new scenario that allows you to embark upon a dramatic, high-stakes chase across the stormy seas. Your heroes join the crew of the Dream-chaser and the other ships in her fleet, and they must battle through treacherous waters, foul weather, and Corsair ships to close upon the Stormcaller, the powerful vessel commanded by the ferocious Captain Sahír. Time is of the essence, and if your heroes can't catch the Stormcaller, they'll forfeit their only link to the forsaken realm of Númenor.
Along with this unique scenario, which features quests decks for the players and for the Corsairs, Flight of the Stormcaller introduces a new Leadership hero and three copies each of ten different player cards. Altogether, its sixty new cards carry us far across uncharted waters, support decks designed to run with fewer than three heroes, reinforce the enduring strengths of the Gondor trait, and boast a handful of unique allies and events that plunge us deep into the cycle's new themes and mechanics.
For more about those themes and mechanics, we turn to the lead developer of the Dream-chaser cycle, Matthew Newman.
Lead Developer Matthew Newman on the Dream-chaser Cycle
Like each of the cycles before it, the adventures and player cards in the Dream-chaser cycle explore new themes and concepts within The Lord of the Rings: The Card Game. You might even say they venture into “uncharted” territory. However, unlike the adventures from previous deluxe expansions and cycles, the story related through The Grey Havens and the Dream-chaser cycle follows a voyage that spans many leagues, taking players all the way across Middle-earth's oceans. Throughout their journeys, players will discover uncharted ruins, sail in the wake of vicious pirates, battle a giant sea-monster, and explore an underwater grotto.
With this cycle, we wanted to take players off the map of Middle-earth for the very first time. As a result, it was fitting that the player cards in this cycle also did something they've never done before. The major theme of the Dream-chaser cycle is the manipulation of resources – not just allowing you to move them around from one character to another, but changing the way we play with and view resources. As a whole, the cycle boasts a high concentration of expensive and unique allies, who come with powerful effects that we expect will excite you to play with them.
About a quarter of the cards in the Dream-chaser cycle have effects that can be boosted through the expenditure of additional resources. Why is this interesting? The resources spent are not always of the card's sphere. Take, for example, the card Tides of Fate (Flight of the Stormcaller, 7). When a shadow card increases an enemy's attack, you can play Tides of Fate for zero Spirit resources to increase the defending character's Defense Strength by three. This acts as a soft-cancel for one of the most common shadow effects in the game, an increase in the attacker's Attack Strength. But there's more! If the players, as a group, spend two additional resources – from the Tactics sphere – you can then ready the defending character and boost its Attack Strength by three for its next attack.
Many of these cards act as pseudo “duo-sphere” cards, allowing you to marry two spheres together within your deck. Tides of Fate is a perfectly fine card in a Spirit deck with no Tactics, serving as a somewhat softer, but cheaper version of Hasty Stroke (Core Set, 48). But if you insert it into a deck with one or two Tactics heroes, it becomes much more versatile. And in my opinion, the best thing about these cards is how they encourage cooperation and teamwork in a multiplayer game – since the players can pool together their resources to pay for these additional effects, there are many instances in which they can be played.
The Leadership ally Eldahir offers another example from later in the cycle. For four Leadership resources, Eldahir is a Dúnedain ally with solid all-around stats, plus the Sentinel keyword. While he's not spectacular on his own, when he's combined with access to some Lore resources, he becomes extremely useful. His ability allows you to spend one Lore resource to look at a facedown shadow card, and if that card has a shadow effect, he becomes an even stronger defender. One resource is a small price to pay for some on-the-fly shadow scrying, but it's even better when you consider that his action can be triggered by any player. You can play Eldahir with your Leadership resources and have your more vulnerable Lore-inclined partners take advantage of both his ability and his Sentinel keyword. Or, you can put Eldahir in a deck with both Leadership and Lore, perhaps taking advantage of his Dúnedain trait and Heir of Valandil (The Lost Realm, 10), using him to defend when you spot a shadow effect, and attack when you don't.
Every single combination of spheres has a card in the Dream-chaser cycle that can be boosted in this way. It was a lot of fun to both dream up effects that would encourage players to pool their resources, and the combinations of effects that married the themes of two spheres together. Because of the unique way that they manipulate resources, these cards explore an interesting new space within the game, and I can see players building decks specifically to take advantage of their effects, or even building team-decks that allow each player to pay for each other's cards.
Meanwhile, the Dream-chaser cycle and its Adventure Packs will continue to expand on each sphere and trait's major themes – Noldor, Silvan, Gondor, Rohan, Hobbits, and Dwarves all receive cards that push their play style to the limit and encourage creative deckbuilding.
Have fun!
Sail the Uncharted Waters
Adding new weight to the rules for ships and sailing from The Grey Havens, your pursuit of Captain Sahír and his Stormcaller will lead you far across the seas, past treacherous reefs and through perilous weather. Will you catch the Corsair and recover the relic he stole? Or will you capsize and join the untold masses of drowned and forgotten souls who lost their way along Middle-earth's uncharted waters?
You'll have your chance to test your nautical skills and tack into the first chapter of an epic, new adventure when Flight of the Stormcaller arrives at retailers in the first quarter of 2016!
Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), shown here in March, was among the anti-Donald Trump speakers this weekend at the RedState Gathering in Denver. (Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images)
Glenn Beck had traveled across the country to stop Donald Trump from winning the Republican nomination. He didn't succeed.
Pacing the stage here at the RedState Gathering, a conference for conservative activists being held this weekend, Beck acknowledged that many Republicans would vote for Trump to stop Hillary Clinton from winning the presidency.
He wouldn't.
“I know, as a recovering alcoholic, that the truth will set you free,” Beck said Friday. “This election is between two choices that suck.”
Hundreds of conservative activists and bloggers cheered. None of them booed. With fewer than 90 days to go before the election, an annual event that usually revs up Republicans had become a therapy session on the agony of 2016.
The number of influential Republican officials saying that they can't vote for either Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton is growing as Sen. Susan Collins (R-Maine) pledges she won't vote for Trump. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Trump was not invited; the highest-profile speakers, such as Beck and Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.), were adamantly anti-Trump. Attendees debated whether the election was still winnable, whether the Republican Party was fixable, and who was to blame for a looming Clinton victory.
In their darkest moments, they couldn't imagine how the infighting would end.
[Had Donald Trump hit rock bottom?]
“If Trump loses, the Republican National Committee will realize that this situation's got to change,” said Leon Wolf, the editor of the RedState website that gives the conference its name. “But 40 percent of their party enthusiastically supported this guy. How far do they dare to go in alienating these people?”
RedState, founded in 2004 by a group of conservative bloggers, evolved into a place where Republicans could have a dialogue with an active, tuned-in base. In 2009, the first RedState Gathering introduced tea-party-backed candidates, including Marco Rubio, Nikki Haley and Ted Cruz, to bloggers and reporters. In 2011, Rick Perry launched his presidential campaign there.
At the same time, RedState's editors and users tried to police the conservative movement. In 2007, the site blocked a wave of “zany” new users who were using the site to promote the Ron Paul presidential campaign. In 2015, the site's longtime editor, Erick Erickson, disinvited Trump from the Gathering, citing the candidate's comment that Fox News debate co-moderator Megyn Kelly had “blood coming out of her wherever” when she grilled him during a Republican debate.
“I just don't want someone on stage who gets a hostile question from a lady and his first inclination is to imply it was hormonal,” Erickson said.
The reporters who had packed last year's conference wondered whether the comment about Kelly would be a pivot moment, a sign that Republican voters were abandoning Trump. It was not. In the year since, Trump had taken over the Republican Party, while RedState editors such as Wolf and Ben Howe achieved sudden cable news fame as Trump critics; Erickson founded a new site critical of Trump and briefly tried to draft a third-party conservative candidate into the race. RedState's traffic was up for the year, but its leading voices were constantly being reminded of where the power was in the GOP.
For rank-and-file conservatives, the question was to join a rebellion or to join a possibly losing campaign for the White House. “I'm playing for the team,” said Alex Iscoe, 21, an activist who wore the lone “Make America Great Again” cap at the conference. “If the team doesn't win, we get four more years of Obama, basically — or worse.”
[For millennial voters, the Clinton vs. Trump choice ‘feels like a joke']
All weekend, the fact that the presidential election was between Trump and Clinton hung in the air like a foul odor. The conference was sponsored by a constellation of groups, such as the Charles Koch Institute and the millennial-focused Generation Opportunity, which had long ago switched from electioneering to advocating for free-market reform. In a glitchy series of pre­recorded videos, House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) pivoted from a question about 2016 to a question about what he had learned from his 2012 vice-presidential run.
“The single greatest threat to national security is sitting in the Oval Office,” John Bolton, the former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said at the end of a long indictment of the Obama administration's foreign policy. “The second-greatest threat is coming right behind him, unless things change dramatically.”
Darryl Glenn, the Republican who is seeking to unseat Sen. Michael F. Bennet (D-Colo.) in November, blamed the news media for the idea that “everything's negative out there.” After Sen. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) equivocated on whether Trump could win the state — the real estate mogul trails by double digits — an audience member excitedly grabbed a microphone to remind him that “they said you couldn't win your race, either.”
Few of the conservatives who had come to Denver were so optimistic. Steve Deace, an influential Iowa radio host who had endorsed Cruz for president, predicted that Trump would lose and then stick around to continue hurting the conservative movement.
“He's going to get months of free media when he loses,” Deace said. “He will not go away.” Deace argued that Trump will have to kiss up to the “liberal elites whose approval he craves, and he will do it by attacking all of us.”
Cruz did not attend the conference, telling organizers that he previously committed to a family vacation. But the 45-year-old senator's political future was never far from the RedState discussion. Asked about Cruz's speech at the Republican National Convention, at which he was heckled for refusing to endorse Trump, Beck said he had called to thank him for doing it. Cruz, he said, had acted in the tradition of Charles Sumner, the anti-slavery senator beaten with a cane by pro-slavery Democrats, and Dietrich Bonhoeffer, the German pastor who returned home from America to oppose the Nazis.
Kendal Unruh was more pessimistic. Elected as a Cruz delegate from Colorado, she had led an effort — “Free the Delegates” — to stop Trump at the convention.
“I don't see myself spending the next 30 years to rebuild the party,” she said. “I know that Cruz is gearing up Carly Fiorina to run for party chair. That's a brilliant move. But in order to that, you have to roll all those RNC members, and we've seen how that goes.”
Fiorina made it to Denver, introduced wryly as “that face” — a reference to how Trump had once mocked her looks. In a 30-minute speech, she promised to campaign “for down-ballot candidates” and avoided mentioning the nominee.
Not every conservative would allow himself to think that way.
“I'm a conservative before I'm a Republican,” said Matt Schlapp, the chairman of the American Conservative Union. “It's our philosophy that guides us, not the elephant. I'm happy to help the elephant when he's right; I'm happy to pick up his poop when he's got problems in the middle of the street. All of that stuff — I've signed up for that.”
Waheed Ali, Sadeer Saleem and Mohammed Shakil denied the charge Three men have been cleared of helping to plan the 7/7 London suicide attacks. A retrial jury at Kingston Crown Court found them not guilty of conspiring with the 2005 bombers by organising a reconnaissance mission to London. Waheed Ali, 25, Sadeer Saleem, 28, and Mohammed Shakil, 32, all from Leeds, admitted knowing the bombers - but denied helping them. Ali and Shakil were found guilty of a second charge of plotting to attend a terrorism training camp in Pakistan. The men were originally tried in 2008, but the first jury failed to reach verdicts against them. Those now found guilty will be sentenced on Wednesday. The three men are the only people to face any charges in relation to the 7/7 London bombings. 7/7 Investigation in numbers 90,000 phone calls examined 4,700 phone numbers probed 13,000 exhibits 7,000 forensically examined 18,450 statements taken 19,400 documents created
In Pictures: 7/7 investigation During the three-month retrial, the jury heard that the trio, all close friends of the bombers, had been key members of a tight circle around ringleader Mohammad Sidique Khan. All three, the jury was told, shared a violent jihadist ideology. Prosecutors in both trials had claimed that the men's movements in London mirrored a scouting trip by the bombers and included sites ultimately attacked. Neil Flewitt QC had told the trial that the case centred on circumstantial evidence which, he argued, created a compelling picture of guilt. But the trio maintained throughout the trial - and during tense evidence from the witness box - that they ideologically opposed suicide bombings and had been shocked by the attacks. Counsel for the men told the jury there was no evidence linking them to the bombings and that they were being tried for guilt by association. Mr Flewitt said a December 2004 trip to London lay at the heart of the case because the three men, accompanied by two of the eventual suicide attackers, had used it to visit a number of possible targets. 'Witch-hunt' The prosecution said the group's movements bore a "striking similarity" to the final targets. But the men told the jury that the trip had been organised because Waheed Ali was planning to leave the country for militant training in Pakistan. He and Sadeer Saleem were going to join the future bombers Mohammed Sidique Khan and Shehzad Tanweer, who had already left. He wanted to say goodbye to his sister, who lived in the capital. The others, the court heard, had simply gone along for the ride. Ali and the other two defendants had attacked the trials as a witch-hunt, motivated by a determination to see someone pay for the murders. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. Advertisement The three men acquitted were arrested in 2007 amid the largest criminal investigation yet in the UK. But the 2008 trial reached a stalemate after almost three weeks of deliberations by the first jury. After Sadeer Saleem's release by the court, his solicitor, Imran Khan, read out a statement on his behalf, in which Mr Saleem supported calls by families of the bombing victims for a public inquiry. We are not looking for people to blame, but we also know that we have not been told the whole truth
Graham Foulkes, father of bombing victim
Reaction to the verdict "I must make it absolutely clear that I had nothing whatsoever to do with the dreadful attacks on 7 July 2005, which I have always condemned," he said. Home Secretary Jacqui Smith said she welcomed the two guilty verdicts. "It clearly demonstrates the determined stance the UK takes against those suspected of involvement in terrorism," she said. Graham Foulkes, whose 22-year-old son David was killed in the Edgware Road Tube explosion, has called for a public inquiry into the bombings. He said: "For almost four years we have been asking for an inquiry into what led up to 7/7. "We are not looking for people to blame, but we also know that we have not been told the whole truth. "We believe that crucial lessons need to be learned. If mistakes have been made, they should be put right, not covered up. This is not a witch-hunt, it is simply about saving lives." Community fears Tens of thousands of police hours have been spent on the four-year investigation - and detectives maintain there are people in the Leeds area who know more that could help them. The defendants accused the police and media of creating a climate of fear in the Beeston area of Leeds, where they live. Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. West Yorkshire Police assistant chief constable John Parkinson said "intensive scrutiny" from police, public and media had put pressure on the residents of Beeston, and also Dewsbury, where some of the 7/7 bombers lived. He added: "Local people were very supportive of the investigation, both immediately after the event and in the many months that followed. "The attacks on 7/7 have shown us that we all need to work together if we are to effectively respond to the threat of terrorism." Deputy assistant commissioner John McDowall, head of the Metropolitan Police Counterterrorism Command, called for anyone with information about the attacks to come forward. "While those directly responsible for the bombings died in the attacks, we remain convinced that others must have been involved in the planning," he said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Insys Therapeutics, which profits off of a painkiller 50 times more potent than heroin, has donated $500,000 to a campaign opposing marijuana legalization in the US state of Arizona.
The maker of the drug Subsys, a sublingual fentanyl spray, said that children are their main concern for fighting Proposition 205, which appears on the ballot this November.
#Prop205 doesn't just legalize pot. It makes high-potency drug-laced candy accessible to unsuspecting kids.#NoOn205pic.twitter.com/J4VbA0d1yr — Center for Arizona P (@azpolicy) August 31, 2016
"Families are now realizing their children are addicted, but they have nowhere to turn. " #healthcare#fentanylhttps://t.co/NzD7PgbKwG — Patients 4 Change (@Pts4Chg) August 10, 2016
“They want to be able to push their far more addictive, far more harmful and far more dangerous opioid drugs,” JP Holyoak, chair of the committee pushing Prop 205, told the Arizona Capitol Times.
Supporters of cannabis legalization say legal access to their natural non-addictive painkiller could eliminate the need for drugs like fentanyl, which contributes to America's growing epidemic of opioid dependency that claims more lives each year than gunshot wounds or car crashes.
READ MORE: Opioid abuse, America's deadliest epidemic, loses funding to Zika fight
Prince died from an overdose of fentanyl and one third of Ohio's 3,050 deaths caused by lethal drug consumption last year were linked to the drug, according to the Columbus Dispatch.
'Visit of grave importance': #Prince was due to meet with opioid addiction specialist https://t.co/6vBs1OmbMfpic.twitter.com/dqSteaoQ48 — RT (@RT_com) May 5, 2016
A 2014 study by Johns Hopkins University found that states which legalized medical marijuana had 25 percent less overdose deaths from prescription drugs than those where it remained illegal.
On Friday, #yeg police seized $94k in drugs:
- 600 g of meth
- 632 fentanyl pills
- 150 oxy pills
- 205 g of shatter pic.twitter.com/6DgD4sQJrb — Trevor Robb (@SunTrevorRobb) May 25, 2016
Insys said in a statement that its opposition to the legalization of cannabis was “because it fails to protect the safety of Arizona's citizens, and particularly its children.”
It did not address whether the outcome could have financial benefits for the company, although all of its profits come from the sale of its only product - the fentanyl-containing spray, according to its August filing.
READ MORE: Rate of small children exposed to marijuana up 147.5% – study
Last month, Illinois Attorney General, Lisa Madigan, brought a lawsuit against Insys over claims they had deceptively marketed and sold their medication to doctors for uses other than cancer treatment, which the FDA has approved its sole use for.
READ MORE: Pharma company Insys marketed opioid drug at high-volume prescribers – lawsuit
Madigan said the company's "desire for increased profits led it to disregard patients' health and push addictive opioids for non-FDA approved purposes."
Numerous studies show marijuana decreases opioid use so of course opioid companies fund anti-legalization efforts https://t.co/EUeHHqG8sT — Bill Piper (@billjpiper) September 8, 2016
Insys became the largest contributor to the anti-legalization campaign after donating to Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, a group opposing the initiative to regulate marijuana in the state under Prop 205.
Their donation was over 400 percent higher than the next largest donor, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, with $110,000.
Read more
Pro-legalization campaigners have called for the donation to be returned as it has now tainted the campaign against Prop 205.
“We hope that every Arizonan understands that Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy is now a complete misnomer. Their entire campaign is tainted by this money. Any time an ad airs against Proposition 205, the voters should know that it was paid for by highly suspect Big Pharma actors,” Holyoak said.
When questioned by the Arizona Capitol Times about donations made to the Marijuana Policy Project in support of Prop 205, Holyoak did not dispute that several out-of-state interest donors “stand to make millions if Prop 205 passes.”
Coincidentally, the recently-passed Bill 205 in Canada banned the sale of pill presses for making fentanyl.
Over 200 jobs will be lost in Maspeth by the end of May when the Duane Reade distribution center is shut down, as parent company Walgreens — which acquired the pharmacy chain in 2010 — has decided not to renew the building's lease.
According to published reports, the layoff of the 214 employees at the warehouse located at 50-02 55th Ave. will begin in April and finish by the end of May when the facility is closed for good. More than 200 Duane Reade and Walgreens locations across the city are serviced by the Maspeth facility.
A spokesperson for Walgreens said the Maspeth center had not been operating at full capacity in recent years, and opportunities to improve the company's productivity and operational efficiencies by opening a new cross-dock facility in New Jersey, led to the decision to close the Maspeth distribution center.
The closure of the distribution facility comes after Walgreens cut nearly 220 jobs at the location in 2013.
“Over the years, as our business has grown, we have worked to streamline our distribution operations and in recent years this facility has not operated at its full capacity,” said Phil Caruso, spokesman for Walgreens. “With a new cross-docking facility, we have excess capacity and we will wind down our Maspeth operation in phases over the course of the coming months, with closing scheduled for late May.”
The 214 employees facing layoffs are members of International Brotherhood of Teamsters' Local 210. QNS has reached out to the union for comment on the layoffs and is awaiting a reply.
Walgreens, however, will not leave the workers to fend for themselves.
“Employees be will be provided or offered severance packages,” Caruso added. “Throughout this process we will work with local resources to organize job fairs and invite nearby distribution facilities to those events in an effort to make the transition for our employees as smooth as possible.”
QNS has also reached out to the Maspeth Industrial Business Association (MIBA) for comment and is awaiting a reply.
The Troubled Assets Relief Program, which was widely reviled as a $700 billion bailout for Wall Street titans, is now expected to cost the federal government a mere $25 billion - the equivalent of less than six months of emergency jobless benefits.
A new report released Monday by the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that the cost of TARP has plummeted since its passage in October 2008, when policymakers thought that the world stood on the brink of an economic meltdown.
"Clearly, it was not apparent when the TARP was created two years ago that the cost would turn out to be this low," the CBO report says. "The transactions envisioned and ultimately undertaken through the TARP engendered substantial financial risk for the federal government."
However, it says, "because the financial system stabilized and then improved, the amount of funds used by the TARP was well below the $700 billion initially authorized, and the outcomes of most transactions made through TARP were favorable for the federal government."
The TARP was conceived in the final days of the Bush administration and pushed through a reluctant Congress in less than three weeks. It is widely thought to have helped stabilize a financial sector on the verge of collapse, though it remains hugely unpopular with the public. In the recent midterm elections, numerous lawmakers lost their jobs or failed in bids for new ones in part because of their support for the program.
All told, $389 billion has been distributed through TARP, which expired in October. The CBO estimates that an additional $44 billion is still waiting to go out the door, primarily to troubled insurance giant American International Group and federal mortgage programs. That would bring total TARP outlays to $433 billion, of which about half - $216 billion - has been repaid.
The rest of the TARP investments, meanwhile, have become markedly less risky, according to the CBO, and in many cases even profitable. The largest share of TARP funds, for example, was distributed as support for financial institutions, including AIG.
The AIG bailout was restructured in September, and is projected to cost taxpayers about $14 billion, the CBO said - far less than the $70 billion originally authorized. But those losses will be more than offset by $22 billion in profits from TARP investments in other financial institutions, including Citigroup and Bank of America, the CBO said.
TARP funds also provided assistance to the domestic auto industry, which has restructured its operations and revived its fortunes. The Treasury reaped $12 billion from GM's hugely successful initial public offering earlier this month. The CBO estimates that the TARP bailout of GM, Chrysler, their financing arms and parts manufacturers will wind up costing taxpayers about $19 billion - significantly less than anticipated.
Much of the rest of the projected cost of the TARP stems from federal efforts to help homeowners avoid foreclosure. Those efforts are also proving to be less costly than expected because of lower participation, the CBO said.
While the cost of the TARP is coming in far below expectations, it is just one of several massive government programs aimed at propping up the financial industry. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC have together guaranteed billions of dollars in bank debt.
'Little Miss Sunshine' Directors Find Mister Rogers in 'I'm Proud of You'
Following their underrated direction of Ruby Sparks in 2012 (it was one of my favorite films of the year), Little Miss Sunshine directing duo Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris became attached to a project called The Big Cigar, which wasn't remarkably different from the much buzzed about Oscar winner Argo. Now the directors have an new project that sounds like it could be in the same vein as Saving Mr. Banks. The Wrap has word that Dayton and Faris are on board to direct an adaptation of I'm Proud of You, an adaptation of Tom Madigan's memoir, chronicling a life-changing meeting with Mister Rogers. Read on!
Yes, that's the very same Mister Rogers from the beloved childhood program "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood." The book chronicles Madigan's struggles as a husband and father, and how his meeting with Fred Rogers changed all that:
It began as another newspaper assignment, a celebrity profile of the children's television icon. But in Fred Rogers, Texas journalist Tim Madigan found more than a fascinating subject. From their first meeting in 1995, at Rogers' invitation, the two became unlikely friends, a deep and abiding relationship that lasted until Rogers' death in 2003. In that time, Madigan found Rogers to be much more than the calm and compassionate personality of television. He was a person of unique human greatness who embodied love, compassion and wisdom his every waking moment. He was the transcendent being who guided Madigan through periods of life-threatening depression and the tragic death of a sibling and helped him heal his difficult relationship with his father.
Big Beach Films, the company behind Sundance indie sensations like The Kings of Summer and Safety Not Guaranteed, is producing the film with a script from The Motel Life writing duo Micah Fitzerman-Blue and Noah Harpster. The project sounds like it will be heart-warming and touching, and it's easy to see the comparison between Saving Mr. Banks with the inclusions of an iconic pop culture figure helping someone come to terms with troubles and misunderstandings in their life. If anyone can blend comedy and drama seamlessly, it's Faris and Dayton. Sound good?
1 Linkfx on Sep 27, 2013
2 Charlie Hard on Sep 27, 2013
3 kitano0 on Sep 27, 2013
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Even in the often make-believe world of biofuels, the announcement by Joule Unlimited today is interesting.
The company formally announced that it has obtained a patent for a genetically modified version of cyanobacteria that converts carbon dioxide, dirty water and sunlight into a liquid hydrocarbon that is functionally equivalent to regular diesel. (It also has a GMO that can produce ethanol.) The magic microbe does not need a feedstock to produce hydrocarbons, like the organisms developed by Amyris, which is prepping its IPO. The lack of a feedstock is why fuels like Joule's are called direct solar fuels.
Other companies such as BioCee have been working on similar methods for metabolizing carbon dioxide into direct solar fuel, but clearly, obtaining a patent is a nice, substantial step forward.
But what jumped out in the announcement to us were the production claims. Joule says its microbes can produce the equivalent of 25,000 gallons of ethanol per acre per year and 15,000 gallons of diesel per acre per year. Pilot production on diesel begins later this year. It says it has already shown it can produce 10,000 gallons of ethanol a year, or 40 percent of its goal, on its pilot lines in Leander, Texas.
Those production figures are far higher than the usual industry claims, which at this point are still largely in the theoretical realm themselves. No one is in mass production with microbe fuels just yet. Most algae companies talk about producing the equivalent of 5,000 to 10,000 gallons of diesel-like hydrocarbons a year. Some researchers have noted that fuel production will be capped by the finite amount of sunlight that falls on a given plot of land.
Then there are the practicalities. Joule grows its organisms with water and companies, including the now-defunct Greenfuel Technologies, have found that separating organisms and/or their byproducts from water isn't easy.
Organisms, many critics note, also can't produce fuel as fast and in the same quantities as thermochemical processes. Cambrios Technologies started out as a company that designed bugs to develop green chemicals. The company found it was easier to produce the chemicals the good old fashioned way and spun off its biological division into Siluria.
If Joule can achieve these numbers, it could leap to the front of the biofuel pack. The fact that Joule says it can produce hydrocarbons and an alcohol like ethanol is intriguing too. Organisms will naturally produce alcohols. Hydrocarbons are somewhat unnatural. But if it experiences delays and production problems, these could be just another set of nice numbers.
Side note: 'Joule Unlimited' replaces Joule Biotechnologies as the official name. It does not come a a result of any merger with Barry White's Love Unlimited Orchestra.
AirTame is developing an AirPlay-like protocol for PC-to-PC content streaming and screen mirroring, plus a Linux-based dongle for AirTame rendering on TVs.
With 24 days left to go in its funding round for its AirTame HDMI dongle for TVs, Denmark-based AirTame has surpassed its initial $160,000 goal to reach $214,000. Funding packages start at $89, earning you an AirTame device when it ships in May 2014. Meeting a $250,000 stretch goal would help AirTame release a firmware-only version of the HDMI dongle that runs on the Raspberry Pi.
AirTame HDMI dongle
According to an email from Attila Sukosd, co-founder and CTO of AirTame, the AirTame dongle runs “our own spin” of Debian Linux, but will be ported to the similar Raspbian on the Raspberry Pi. “Debian was chosen deliberately to allow the hacker/tinkering community (where we are from too) to play around with the software,” said Sukosd.
Testing Raspberry Pi left with AirTame devices (right),
as part of developing a future Pi-based version
(click image to enlarge)
Sukosd also confirmed that AirTame can be used for screen mirroring and content streaming from one desktop system to another — and even from one to many — without requiring any special hardware (see farther below for details).
About AirTame and the AirTame dongle
The AirTame device most closely resembles Google's Chromecast, as it plugs into a TV via an HDMI port and enables mirroring of 1080p HD content from the PC. Like Chromecast, it supports Windows, Mac, and Linux desktops, a trifecta unavailable with AirPlay or the Windows-only Miracast. In addition, its minimum requirements support older, dual-core, 1.6GHz PCs with a minimum of 1GB of RAM.
Unlike any of these products, as well as newer competitors like Plair and BiggiFi, the initial AirTame device will not support streaming or mirroring from mobile devices.
AirTame is looking into supporting Android and iOS devices as controllers and as mirroring targets, but says that streaming from mobile devices may not be possible with the AirTame technology. “Streaming from [an Android or iOS tablet or smartphone] is also technically possible,” states the AirTame FAQ. “But access to special hardware has been restricted by the vendors, so it would require rooting/jailbreaking, which we cannot support.” A recent post from Google suggests the next version of Android may support mirroring natively. However, this will apparently work only for Google-based devices (see farther below).
Unlike Chromecast and most competing solutions, however, AirTame claims to post no restrictions on what PC browsers or applications can be mirrored. The technology also offers some unique features.
Left: Streaming and screen mirroring to a TV via the AirTame dongle;
Right: Screen mirroring and extended desktop sharing to multiple PCs
Like Apple TV, the AirTame device can turn a monitor or TV into a second extended monitor, letting you drag windows over and back to your primary display. In addition, it also supports the duplication of screens over multiple desktops. This feature is said to enable applications beyond the home, such as presentations or educational applications. The technology lets remote users control applications on their own while watching the mirrored presentation.
Software-only PC-to-PC rendering
As hinted in the AirTame diagram above, AirTame mirroring and streaming from a Linux, Mac, or Windows desktop to one or more PCs does not require the use of an AirTame device. This AirTame capability, known as a “Public Stream,” simply requires that the transmitting and receiving PCs have the appropriate AirTame app installed and running, and is accomplished without any special hardware.
“There will be an online registration to a ‘control panel' where people will be able to manage their devices, but it will be free for private users,” said Sukosd in an email. “We are looking into monetizing for commercial applications, possibly providing better administrative features for organizations which have a large number of devices, and support.”
Technical details
AirTame PCB prototype
The AirTame prototype board, pictured at right, runs Debian on a 1GHz ARM processor, accompanied by 512MB of RAM. The dongle-like device is further equipped with an HDMI 1.4 port, a micro-USB port for power, and a second USB port for connecting accessories.
The software offers different encoding options for bit rate, frame rate, and video buffer, which can be set up to be automatically enabled based on the content. For example, games would prioritize low response time and high frame rate while video would emphasize high video quality. Audio is currently limited to 2-channel stereo, but 5.1 surround sound is said to be a future goal.
AirTame's protocol, APIs, and application are written in C, and are based on open source components such as OpenSSL, the Opus audio codec, FFmpeg, SDL, and cURL. An SDK release is on the roadmap, but it may not make it out by the May 2014 launch date, says the company.
“The source code for the software, the API, and protocol specifications will be released as open source, most likely under a dual-license where people can choose to use the open source license (GPL or something similar) or the commercial license for proprietary applications,” explained Sukosd. “This way we can make sure that all the helpful features and patches end up in our community edition, benefiting everyone.”
AirTame menu on PC application
According to an interview with AirTame's Sukosd on ZDNet, AirTame has the capacity of going beyond image and audio data to mirror events such as joystick, key-press, and mouse events. The company also hopes to develop some interaction with USB-based peripherals, says the story.
Thanks to the device's dual WiFi controller design, it can act as both a WiFi client and an access point. Among other ramifications, this means you can walk into a new environment and set up your own WiFi network without worrying about device-to-device communications restrictions on educational or corporate networks.
AirTame demo video
The AirTame team's Indiegogo fundraising campaign demonstration video appears below.
AirTame project video
Android Rumors: native mirroring and a Nexus TV
According to another ZDNet story, citing a Google+ post from Cyanogenmod developer Koushik Dutta, a future version of Android will support Chromecast-like mirroring natively without requiring one of the supported Chromecast apps. Dutta spotted the feature in changes listed in a set of Android 4.4.1 updates for the Android Open Source Project (AOSP) posted by Funky Android. However, Dutta notes that Google appears to be sharing the “capture secure video output” code only with OEMs — presumably the manufacturers of Chromecast or perhaps Google TV devices.
With Chromecast selling well while Google TV devices continue to lag, Google's TV strategy is in flux. A new wave of Google TV products due to arrive soon have been stripped of the Google TV branding, and are instead being referred to as “smart TV devices with Google services.” The new devices are based on a new Google TV release built on Android 4.2.2 code. The release should be available to OEMs with fewer restrictions, such as the requirement of a keyboard controller or live TV integration, and could also end up being called Android TV, according to some observers.
Meanwhile, rumors of a Nexus TV device from Google are once again circulating. Due in the first half of 2014, this replacement for the failed Nexus Q is said to remove the integration of live TV search found in Google TV, while adding Android controller and gaming support. Potentially, the device will ship with a touchpad remote, according to the rumors. Earlier rumors suggested Google may be prepping a Kinect-like peripheral, as well.
Presumably such a device would offer Chromecast-like mirroring built in, with the help of the upcoming Android native mirroring support. This would help bring it up to par with Apple TV, which offers AirPlay mirroring. Meanwhile, Amazon is said to be prepping a media player device of its own.
Further AirTame information
AirTame is open for funding on Indiegogo through Jan. 1, with packages starting at $89 for an AirTame device delivered in May 2014, plus $15 shipping outside of Denmark. Some more information is also available on AirTame's website.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption French Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced the cabinet decision to the National Assembly
The French cabinet has given the go-ahead for Prime Minister Manuel Valls to force through highly controversial labour reforms.
An extraordinary cabinet meeting invoked the French constitution's rarely used Article 49.3, allowing the government to bypass parliament.
It came after rebel MPs from the governing Socialist party had vowed to vote down the bill.
The reforms will make it easier for employers to hire and fire workers.
Opponents, however, say the bill will allow employers to bypass workers' rights on pay, overtime and breaks.
Later on Tuesday, opposition right-wing parties filed a motion of no confidence in the government, to be debated on Thursday.
Mr Valls said he was "not afraid" of the vote, which would need the support of left-wing MPs to bring the government down.
"If there are deputies on the left who wish to vote for the right's censure motion they can do so. But what a contradiction," he told TFI television.
French labour reform bill - main points
The 35-hour week remains in place, but as an average. Firms can negotiate with local trade unions on more or fewer hours from week to week, up to a maximum of 46 hours
Firms are given greater freedom to reduce pay
The law eases conditions for laying off workers, strongly regulated in France. It is hoped companies will take on more people if they know they can shed jobs in case of a downturn
Employers given more leeway to negotiate holidays and special leave, such as maternity or for getting married. These are currently also heavily regulated
Busting the myth of France's 35-hour working week
Mr Valls was booed by MPs from the far left and the conservative opposition when he announced the cabinet's decision to the National Assembly.
"This text, useful for businesses and for workers, faces, I regret, opposition from all sides," he said.
"My responsibility is to move forward and ensure that this text is adopted."
The proposed reforms, which also include changes to France's cherished 35-hour working week, have sparked waves of sometimes violent protests across France.
Hundreds of demonstrators rallied outside the National Assembly in Paris on Tuesday, calling for President Francois Hollande to resign.
Voices from the Paris protests
Benoit Coquin, 26: "I think that it's a law that's beginning to destroy the structure of working rights."
Benjamin: "I'm here today to protest against a law that is unfair to citizens. It gives less and fewer rights to the employees and we're protesting because of the way they're trying to pass this law without doing a vote at the (National) Assembly."
Nicholas: "Tonight is a special night because the government is forcing through this law, so we decided to come here. We are not stuck in one place, we are everywhere where it matters. We want to show that people have a voice."
Anais, 31, student: "I'm here for a real democracy. Without repression."
The BBC's Lucy Williamson in Paris says the bill, known as the Khomri law after Labour Minister Myriam El Khomri, has forced a wedge between the governing Socialist party and its left-wing supporters.
The government says relaxing workers' protection will encourage businesses to hire more people and help to combat chronic unemployment.
President Hollande has said that he will only consider running for re-election next year if he can bring down the jobless rate, which is more than 10%.
Image copyright Rosanna Pound-Woods Image caption Protesters gathered in Paris on Tuesday following the government's decision
Image caption They complained that the use of Article 49.3 was undemocratic
The decision to invoke article 49.3 was made after the government failed to reach a compromise on the bill with a group of rebel MPs within the Socialist party.
The only way the bill can now be stopped is by the motion of censure - a vote of no confidence - that was filed by two right-wing parties on Tuesday.
Between them they have 226 of the 288 votes needed to topple the government on Thursday.
However, correspondents say they are unlikely to find enough left-wing MPs willing to support them.
[vc_row_inner no_margin=”true” padding_top=”0px” padding_bottom=”0px” border=”none”]David Foucault is a fun May story. He's an extremely large man. With long blonde hair. And a thick French Canadian accent. He drives a Nissan Versa.How a 6-7, 305 human fits into such a small car is a question that defies physics. As expected, the Panthers signed Foucault Monday after his tryout at the team's rookie minicamp. But for those desperately hoping for anyone-other-than-Bryon-Bell at left tackle, Foucault isn't going to be the guy. At least he won't be in 2014, and perhaps even longer.After playing defensive line in high school, the Quebec native switched to guard for his first two seasons at Montreal University. He then shifted to tackle before his final season.So he's still very much learning the position, and while I'm not all that well-versed on Canadian college football, it's unlikely the Carabins are producing Crimson Tide-like talent.At his size, it's easy to see why Foucault interests the Panthers. They don't have a lot to lose by giving him a season to see if and how he develops.While guest hosting ‘The Drive' on WFNZ Monday, I talked to Montreal Alouettes general manager Jim Popp. He made Foucault the fifth-overall pick in last week's CFL draft, and I asked him for an estimate on Foucault's development into a pro.”He would not come in and start for us,” Popp answered. “He would be a guy that would be two years, maybe a third year in the making before he became a starter in the Canadian Football League. We were getting him for the future. That's why we drafted him.”Popp added that if fast-tracked, Foucault could possibly be NFL-ready in two years.So while he's an interesting story and an intriguing prospect, make no mistake — the Panthers' latest Canadian import is a big project. Yes, literally.OTHER TRANSACTIONS: In addition to Foucault, the Panthers signed punter Jordan Gay. He was with Carolina for the 2013 preseason, and he'll again give Brad Nortman's leg a rest over the next few months.The Panthers also released offensive linemen Travis Bond, Mike Jasper and Phillipkeith Manley.And according to his agent, the Panthers signed linebacker Billy Boyko.
BBR NUGGETS
Jake Delhomme on Steve Smith's release, the retirement of Jordan Gross and nasal strips for horses. — BBR
on Steve Smith's release, the retirement of and nasal strips for horses. — BBR They may have talked about him — like they do most guys who get cut — but the Panthers were never going to sign Greg Little. The wideout is now Oakland's problem. — Deadspin
Cam Newton, quarterback of the 2014 All-Hinge Team. — Sports On Earth
COMING UP
We'll have more from our interview with Popp. He said some interesting stuff about defensive tackle Linden Gaydosh and defensive end Alex Hall, the two other players with CFL ties on the Panthers' roster. Plus, since Popp was a candidate for the job Dave Gettleman got, I asked if he had released Steve Smith.[vc_row_inner no_margin=”true” padding_top=”0px” padding_bottom=”0px” border=”none”][share title=”Share this Post” facebook=”true” Twitter=”true” google_plus=”true” linkedin=”true” pinterest=”true” reddit=”true” email=”true”]
[ad 3]
Brisbane man charged over anti-abortion protest in Hobart
Posted
A Brisbane man has become the first person charged under a new Tasmanian law which bans protests close to abortion clinics.
The lone protestor, Graham Preston, was arrested after holding two placards and handing out leaflets while standing outside an abortion clinic in central Hobart.
The 58-year-old says he has been arrested for similar action in Brisbane and came to Hobart to promote the right-to-life message.
Preston said he was aware of the new Tasmanian law which prohibits such protests within 150 metres of an abortion clinic.
"It would seem to me to be incredible if somebody could get arrested for promoting the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Australia is a signatory to it," he said.
Police charged Preston under the Reproductive Health Act. He was released on bail and will appear in court at a later date.
Topics: abortion, activism-and-lobbying, hobart-7000, brisbane-4000
LOS ANGELES — Thomas O. Staggs, the favored contender to lead Disney after Robert A. Iger's retirement, unexpectedly announced his departure on Monday, throwing succession at the world's largest entertainment company into disarray.
Mr. Staggs, who became the Walt Disney Company's No. 2 executive last year, beating out another candidate, will step down as chief operating officer on May 6. Disney said that Mr. Staggs, 55, would remain an employee until the fall, serving as “special adviser” to Mr. Iger, who is the company's chief executive and chairman. In a statement, Mr. Iger called Mr. Staggs “a great friend and trusted colleague.”
Disney has a history of bumpy transitions of power. And last year, when Mr. Staggs was elevated to chief operating officer from theme park chairman, Disney insisted that it was not a coronation. Disney acknowledged, however, that the promotion made him Mr. Iger's handpicked heir, pending the board's approval. Mr. Iger, 65, said in 2014 that he would step down in June 2018, a two-year extension from a previously announced retirement.
After the promotion, as Mr. Staggs came under intense scrutiny by Disney's board, it became clear that at least some board members were not convinced he had the skills required to maintain Disney's creative momentum. While Mr. Staggs has extensive financial experience, his résumé is light when it comes to the successful creation of movies and television shows. (For his part, Mr. Iger ran ABC early in his career.)
Some people may say that Michael Jordan is the greatest athlete ever to pick up a ball.
Some say that Lance Armstrong is the most cardiovascular athlete to ever sit on two wheels.
Some say that Bo Jackson was the greatest two sport athletes ever, even though in college he lettered in three.
The person who many people tend to forget, pass off or not even mention because of the era that he played in was Jim Thorpe.
Jim Thorpe was born to a farmer and Native American women in 1887 on a piece of ground that had a one-room cabin on it in Prague, Oklahoma. The actual day of his birth is not known because of records conflicting but the date according to his estate is May 28. He was born a twin but his brother died at age nine.
He was sent away to the Carlisle Indian School in Pennsylvania for training in one of the twenty professional trades they offered to Native Americans at the time. While at Carlisle, Thorpe was selected third team All American once in 1908. In 1909 and 1910, he was selected first team All American and his football team was coached by legendary Glenn "Pop" Warner. He also ran track while attending the school.
Thorpe then wowed the world at the 1912 Olympic games winning gold medals in both the decathlon and the pentathlon. When he was awarded his medals from King Gustav V, before Thorpe could walk away, the king grabbed his arm and said "you are the greatest athlete in the world." Thorpe was a simple man that did not speak much so his reply to the King was short, sweet and to the point. "Thanks King."
Even though he was the "greatest athlete in the world," his accomplishments at the Olympic games were taken away from him because of his previous experience playing semi-professional baseball where he once hit three home runs in the same game into three different states. Sounds impossible, but it isn't. Thorpe was playing a game at a field at the borders of Texas, Oklahoma and Arkansas. He hit a home run over each wall, (left, center and right) sending them each into a different state.
This publicity brought Thorpe some good fortune however, signing with the New York Baseball Giants whom he played for from 1913-1916. He then played for the Cincinnati Reds in 1917 playing most of the season with them before returning to the Giants to finish the season. He finished his career, Babe Ruth style, by joining the Boston Braves in 1919. Hitting .252 for his career, seven home runs and eighty two RBI. He had a lifetime .947 fielding percentage, which matches the lifetime fielding percentage of the great "Flying Dutchman" Honus Wagner.
While playing baseball Thorpe also took part in professional football. Where he played a total of fifty-two career games from 1920-1928 for six different teams. He threw four touchdown passes and ran for six. Becoming one of two people in history to play for both the New York Baseball and Football Giants.
After he retired from professional sports at the age of 41, Thorpe became the first President of, what is now, the National Football League. He then passed away in 1953. His wife had his monument built in Pennsylvania where the town changed their name to Jim Thorpe, Pa.
If he were alive today I would love to be able to shake the hand and say what is etched on his gravestone,"Sir, you are the greatest athlete in the world."
For more information about Jim Thorpe please view this website: http://www.cmgww.com/sports/thorpe/index.php
Visual Evidence Data and Design in Everyday Life
We've seen how design can keep us away from harm and save our lives. But there is a more subtle way that design influences our daily decisions and behavior – whether we know it or not. It's not sexy or trendy or flashy in any way. I'm talking about defaults.
Defaults are the settings that come out of the box, the selections you make on your computer by hitting enter, the assumptions that people make unless you object, the options easily available to you because you haven't changed them.
They might not seem like much, but defaults (and their designers) hold immense power – they make decisions for us that we're not even aware of making. Consider the fact that most people never change the factory settings on their computer, the default ringtone on their phones, or the default temperature in their fridge. Someone, somewhere, decided what those defaults should be – and it probably wasn't you.
Another example: In the U.S. when you register for your driver's license, you're asked whether or not you'd like to be an organ donor. We operate on an opt-in basis: that is, the default is that you are not an organ donor. If you want to donate your organs, you need to actively check a box on the DMV questionnaire. Only about 40 percent of the population is signed up to be an organ donor.
In other countries such as Spain, Portugal and Austria, the default is that you're an organ donor unless you explicitly choose not to be. And in many of those countries over 99 percent of the population is registered. A recent study found that countries with opt-out or “presumed consent” policies don't just have more people who sign up to be donors, they also have consistently higher numbers of transplants.
Of course, there are plenty of other factors that influence the success of organ donation systems, but the opt-in versus opt-out choice seems to have a real effect on our collective behavior. An effect that could potentially make the difference between someone getting a life-saving transplant or not.
Source: Magnus D via Flickr
Behavioral economist Richard Thaler and legal scholar Cass Sunstein pretty much wrote the book on the implications of defaults on human behavior. Nudge: Improving Decisions About Health, Wealth, and Happiness is full of ways in which default options can steer human choices, even if we have no idea it's happening. Besides organ donation, the list of potential “nudges” include everything from changing the order of menu items to encourage people to pick certain dishes to changing the default temperature of office thermostats to save on energy.
But my favorite has to do with getting kids to eat their vegetables.
What if I told you there was one simple change you could make in a school cafeteria to get children to eat more salad? It doesn't cost anything, force anyone to eat anything they don't want, and it takes only a few minutes to fix. And it happened in real life: a middle school in New York moved their salad bar away from its default location against a wall and put it smack in the middle of the room (and prominently in front of the two cash registers, as seen in the diagram below). Salad sales more than tripled.
Putting the salad bar in a hard-to-miss location drove salad sales up 200 to 300 percent. Source: AAEA
You see the same effect when you change the placement of fruit in a lunchroom, or healthy snacks at the checkout counter.
Another example is from the realm of personal finance. Most Americans are pretty bad at saving money for the future, especially for that ambiguously defined golden yonder called “retirement.” And the current defaults don't make it any easier. Many companies' retirement plans, like 401(k)'s, are opt-in: You have to hike over to HR and get enrolled, and sometimes you have to understand a bit about investing. But an alternative strategy has seen massive success: automatic enrollment. This means that employees are enrolled by default, unless they decide not to contribute. Research shows that under these circumstances, participation in 401(k)'s skyrockets and the retirement savings don't appear to cut savings in other accounts.
Automatic enrollment in 401(k) plans increases participation rates dramatically. This chart shows that for one company, participation among new hires rose from less than 20 percent to over 90 percent. Source: DCIIA
As an added bonus, unlike tax subsidies for contributing to your retirement savings, automatic enrollment programs cost the government nothing.
It's true that the same mechanism that gets so many people enrolled in the first place (it's the default), keeps them stuck at the low default contribution rate (often 3 percent). That's not much to be contributing year after year.
To combat the problem, many employers now implement automatic escalation, which means you agree upfront to raise your contribution by 1 or 2 percent every year. One variation of automatic escalation called “Save More Tomorrow” ties the increased contribution to your next pay raise, so you don't “miss” the money so much. In a 2013 paper in Science , economist Thaler estimates that automatic escalation programs have boosted annual savings by $7.4 billion. Little defaults can add up to a lot of cash.
Defaults could also help get out the vote. Automatic voter registration would automatically sign up eligible citizens to vote when they interact with government agencies (say, to get their driver's licenses). Instead of our current cumbersome and error-prone system that says you can't vote unless you register, this modern reform would default to registration unless you opt out. Five states have already approved automatic voter registration measures and 24 more are considering legislation.
While some defaults might only come up once a year or on Election Day, others seep into our most mundane daily activities. Take, for example, the default font of your favorite word processing program. For many, that's Times New Roman. It was not only the default font of Microsoft Word for many years, but since its early days as a newspaper typeface it has managed to infiltrate books, magazines, legal documents, high school essays, and almost every personal computer around the world. Times New Roman has permeated every crevice of textual society – so much so that Matthew Butterick, author of Typography for Lawyers , calls it the “default font of every­thing.” He goes on to say:
When Times New Roman appears in a book, document, or advertisement, it connotes apathy. It says, “I submitted to the font of the least resistance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the blackness of deep space is not a color… If you have a choice about using Times New Roman, please stop.
Of course, it didn't help that early web browsers also defaulted to rendering text in Times New Roman. The results left us with the canonical “early 90's web” that is so familiar today:
We've all been there. Times New Roman was the default font king of the web in the early 90's.
Times New Roman is not the only notoriously hated default. Much to the chagrin of designers everywhere, Adobe Illustrator's default font is Myriad Pro.
Dude, Illustrator, give it up. I DON'T WANT TO USE MYRIAD PRO. — Shan Carter (@shancarter) March 21, 2016
And don't even get chart makers on the subject of Excel default chart styles. More than one extensive blog post has been written about how to convert Excel's defaults to passable looking graphics.
Defaults can also reflect a legacy of attitudes we're not proud of. The default skin color, in things like “flesh-colored” band-aids and crayons, was long a light tan or peachy color — hardly a reflection of the diversity of human skin tones. More recently, the default images for emoji icons depicting humans had light skin tones, and only recently have other tones been available. The default is a cartoonish yellow (which is still controversial), but some smartphones now at least give people the option to pick their own default from a more diverse selection of colors.
Oftentimes, your default situation is determined by outside forces (the company you work for, the country you live in, Adobe's whims). But not always.
In many cases, you can change the defaults yourself. For example, designer David Kadavy suggests rearranging the icons on the home screen of your smartphone – strategically. The trick is to bring forward the apps you want to use the most, not the ones you already use the most. As Kadavy puts it: “If you design your world to make it hard to do things that are bad for you, and easy to do things that are good for you, your behavior will shape to that design.”
You can probably imagine all the ways you could redesign the defaults around you to steer your own behavior. Rearrange the pantry to make junk food harder to reach. Put your running shoes by the bed so you see them first thing in the morning. Bury the Facebook app on your phone. Set up automatic deposits from your paycheck to a savings account so you don't have to remember to transfer money every month. Change the default font to anything but Times New Roman.
So what are you waiting for? Go on and change some defaults.
Story highlights Congress faces deadlines on government spending, debt ceiling
Harassment allegations emerged before and over recess
A number of key hearings will take place this week
(CNN) As Congress returns from Thanksgiving break, lawmakers face a busy week with an expected Senate vote on tax legislation, a visit from President Donald Trump and continued headlines over allegations of sexual assault.
Trump will make the short trip on Tuesday to Capitol Hill to address Senate Republicans at their weekly policy lunch, where he'll address the tax bill and other items on the fall legislative agenda.
This will mark his third appearance before Republicans at the Capitol in a little over a month.
Trump will meet later Tuesday with a bipartisan group of congressional leaders at the White House, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican; House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican; Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, a New York Democrat; and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, a California Democrat.
The meeting comes as lawmakers face fast-approaching deadlines to pass an omnibus spending bill to keep the government open and, separately, to raise the debt ceiling. Congress was set to address both fiscal issues with long-term deals in September, but Trump bucked his own party and sided with Democratic leaders to extend the deadlines just until the end of this year.
Read More
The launch of yet another state-run social media site in Uzbekistan has served to highlight Tashkent's contradictory approach to regime control of the internet.
Over the past 15 years, online access in Uzbekistan has soared. As of November 2015 there were 12.7 million users out of a population of around 30 million, compared to 7,500 users in 2000, according to Internet World Stats.
The government has been largely supportive of this growing internet access. Tashkent acknowledges that increased internet penetration has helped expand the economy, especially the small business sector. Online shopping is also growing in Uzbekistan, facilitated by home-grown e-payment systems.
Nonetheless, some news sites and critical media remain blocked. The regime views the proliferation of networking and content-sharing sites with particular suspicion.
Uzbeks, it turns out, are especially fond of social media.
Market researchers J'son & Partners estimated that the number of social network users in Uzbekistan grew by 40 per cent a year between 2010 and 2014, the highest rate in the entire post-Soviet space.
In response, the government has created no less than Uzbek 38 networking sites, although only eight of them are currently operational.
The latest addition is Davra.uz, officially launched on 1 June and offering photo and video sharing as well as discussion groups.
Developed by Uzinfocom, a state-owned IT development centre, with support from the Information Technologies and Communications Development Ministry of Uzbekistan, Davra gained nearly 6,000 registered users within its first week of operation.
Of course, local networks such as these cannot compete with their massive international counterparts.
According to independent US-based online market research company Internet World Stats, Uzbekistan has 450,000 Facebook users. At least 900,000 Uzbeks use the Russian social network Odnoklassniki.
Uzbek social networks provide the perfect advertising platform for local business, used as they are mostly for e-commerce and information about fashion and culture.
But they are also seen as a useful way for the state to try and lure social media users away from foreign networks to local alternatives where it is easier to monitor and control them.
The most popular Uzbek social network, Muloqot.uz, currently has more than 170,000 users.
Registration is compulsory to access this service. Although Muloqot's user data is securely encrypted, its servers belong to state communications provider Uztelecom.
It's a simple matter for Uztelecom to track users' IP addresses when they register on local networks.
Young Uzbeks prefer to use Facebook and Russian social networks for private messaging, even though they're aware that these platforms are not secure either.
Still, they provide a window to the world and an alternative source of information.
News outlets such as Ozodlik (RFE/RL), the BBC Uzbek service, Voice of America and Fergana.ru have been blocked for around the last ten years, and much of the content on Uzbek news sites is little more than government propaganda.
As well as spreading patriotic messages derived from the public speeches of President Islam Karimov, online media is full of attacks on any suggestion of nonconformity.
News pieces regularly demonise NGOs, human rights defenders, independent journalists and other groups regarded as anti-Uzbek agents of western influence.
INDEPENDENT VOICES
While Uzbekistan's autocratic government has long focused on blocking independent media and spreading patriotic messages, this focus on the online space is fairly recent.
It was only following the Arab Spring of 2011 that Uzbekistan really began to strengthen its monitoring efforts.
In early 2011, users of online forums in Uzbekistan began discussing the protests in the Middle East and North Africa – only to find access to pages with news from the region summarily blocked.
Local forum Arbuz, one of the country's most popular discussion platforms, was temporarily blocked in mid-February 2011 after users began discussing the uprisings and criticising Uzbekistan'sown political and economic situation.
See Tashkent Spooked by Web Interest in Arab Protests
Access to the forum was subsequently restored, but sections on domestic and international politics were removed. By December 2011, Arbuz's owners shut it down for good, fearing more problems with the authorities.
The government then rolled out a campaign denouncing the internet as a “destructive force” against which “a coordinated fight” must be waged.
See Uzbeks Denounce "Destructive" Web
In a move that was interpreted as a surveillance attempt, Uztelecom blocked Skype and Viber voice calls from late 2014 until October last year, leaving users with only the messaging option. The communication provider claimed that the service was unavailable due to routine network improvement.
But the Uzbek authorities have learnt that simply blocking websites had only limited success. Local users have picked up various technical tricks to out manoeuvre cyber censorship, from proxy servers to using VPN and TOR browsers to access blocked sites.
See Uzbekistan: Slipping Through the Net
With mobile internet use also growing, securely encrypted cloud-based messaging apps are increasingly popular among young Uzbeks.
And the wide availability of free VPN apps mean that blocked news providers such as Ozodlik are using social media to spread their content.
It's not just affluent city dwellers using these technological tricks; the huge student population as well as activists in the region are well aware of how to slip past the censors.
Nonetheless, self-censorship has become standard practice for the average Uzbek, even among those who are not particularly politicised.
Social network users are reluctant to leave public comments or “like” any posts that might be perceived as critical of the regime.
Even though Facebook and Russian networks are not blocked, in Uzbekistan one gets a feeling the state is constantly present, sitting right next to you while you're surfing the web.
The huge state apparatus still wants to control people's lives both online and offline.
It's clear that the attempt to create numerous Uzbek alternatives to Facebook is intended to be another tool in the state's armoury of surveillance.
In Tashkent, people have long said that that the only way to make sure a conversation remains private is to speak face-to-face in the city park or behind closed doors.
Online, the state's intrusion remains as present as ever.
Inga Sikorskaya heads the School of Peacemaking and Media Technology in Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. She previously served as IWPR editor for Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan.
This article was produced under an IWPR project called Strengthening Capacities, Bridging Divides in Central Asia, funded by the Foreign Ministry of Norway.
Tommy Trojan is getting a makeover, and the venerable stacked TT is forever gone from Thornton High School's football helmets.
These aren't style choices. They were brought on by real fears that Texas Tech University, which also uses the stacked TT design, would blindside Thornton High with legal action for violating the university's trademark.
Nearby Horizon High School also heard from the University of Iowa last fall, concerned that the Hawk logo on Horizon's helmets was too similar to the Hawkeye design used by Iowa on its helmets.
Horizon replaced its old logo before the start of this fall's football season. Any remaining logos on football uniforms are being phased out as the uniforms are replaced, said Joe Ferdani, spokesman for the Adams 12 School District.
The schools are putting a positive spin on all the changes. At Horizon, its school logo will now be consistently used across all athletic teams, spirit wear and publications, Ferdani said.
Thornton High, meanwhile, decided to make the logo redesign a community event, and as many as 1,700 students, teachers and residents chimed in on the new proposed designs. The result is that a sword with stacked T's will be one of the new main school logos along with a slightly sleeker looking Trojan helmet.
“It really was a bonding event for the school,” said Thornton High principal Jennifer Skrobela. “We heard a lot of comments, and we learned how important this school and its logos are to the community.”
In fact, high schools across the country are changing or redesigning uniforms, helmets and letterheads as colleges and universities become increasingly protective of their nicknames, logos, colors and mascots.
That's because they want to make sure the money coming into their programs from their licensed merchandise is not being siphoned off by high schools using their logos, officials say.
“Some people are very protective of their brand, and in this day and age, money seems to be ruling a lot of sports beyond the high school realm,” said Bert Borgmann, assistant commissioner of the Colorado High School Athletics Association.
“It's really part of the business of sports that nobody really thinks about,” he said.
Borgmann said he puts himself in the shoes of major universities trying to keep their programs competitive and unique in the marketplace.
“I can understand their concerns about it,” he said.
Borgmann said CHSAA doesn't keep track of how many Colorado schools have been contacted by colleges and universities.
But in the past five years, a flood of challenges has been issued by colleges and universities, and cease-and-desist letters have been sent to hundreds of high schools in the United States, said Lee Green, an attorney and professor at Baker University in Baldwin, Kan., where he teaches sports law and business law.
Cease-and-desist letters have been sent by Penn State University to Buna (Texas) High School and the University of Texas at Austin to Gardner (Kan.) Edgerton High School. In some instances, a single university has sent cease-and-desist letters to as many as 50 high schools using nicknames, logos or mascots even remotely similar to those of the college, said Green, writing for the National Federation of State High Schools Associations.
Colleges and universities are especially sensitive these days since big revenue can be generated for them by apparel and merchandise featuring logos, Green said. Also, high school logos are more visible than ever before thanks to the internet and social media.
Some universities grant licenses to high schools, sometimes for as little as $1 per year but with restrictions on how much the logos can be used. But when a big-time college or university is unwilling to compromise on the logo use, a high school may have to spend thousands to put the new logo on uniforms, school stationery, websites, signage, scoreboards and equipment, Green said.
No college has ever tried to take a high school to court over a trademark case, he said, adding most high schools simply give in to the demands of the universities because fighting would be too costly.
Texas Tech is no bully, said Chris Cook, a university spokesman. “Usually something can be worked out,” he said, although he wasn't aware of the Thornton High School situation.
Thornton High, worried about recent trademark cases, reached out to Texas Tech but was too late to be “grandfathered” into any trademark agreement, said Skrobela, who took over as principal in July 2015.
But the university also offered no deadline for the school to change its logo, Skrobela said. So the new logos and designs can be added as the school starts recycling its uniforms.
“There will be virtually no cost to us,” Skrobela said.
Meanwhile, the football team is playing without logos at least for this year. Thornton's uniforms are stark and clean, much like those worn by players at the University of Alabama or Penn State.
“I hope we don't get into trouble for that,” Skrobela joked.
Given a choice between their worldview and the facts, it's always interesting how many people toss the facts. Right now, the United States is plagued by an army of "birthers" who claim that because Barack Obama was not really born in America, he's not legitimately president. Their evidence is non-existent, their arguments loopy, but people who find our non-white president unacceptable would rather scour the Hawaiian medical records system and invent bizarre theories than face their own internal turmoil. Or racism.
What people were willing to believe about Hurricane Katrina in New Orleans four years ago is a more serious matter. Of racism. And cliche. The story, as the mainstream media presented it at the time, was about marauding hordes of looters, rapists and murderers swarming through the streets. The descriptions were pretty clearly focused on African-Americans, the great majority left behind in the evacuation of the city (which was then two-thirds black anyway).
There were supposed to be a lot of murder victims and murderers in the Superdome, the sports stadium the city opened up as a refuge of last resort. The rumours were believed so fervently that they were used to turning New Orleans into a prison city, with supplies and would-be rescuers prevented from entering and the victims prevented from evacuating. The belief that a Hobbesian war of all-against-all had broken loose justified treating the place as a crime zone or even a hostile country rather than a place in which grandmothers and toddlers were stranded in hideous conditions, desperately in need of food, water, shelter and medical attention.
Louisiana's governor at the time, Kathleen Blanco, announced as she dispatched National Guard troops: "I have one message for these hoodlums: these troops know how to shoot and kill, and they are more than willing to do so if necessary, and I expect they will." She and the city's mayor had called off the rescue efforts to focus on protecting private property – with lethal force if necessary. The sheriff of the suburb across the Crescent City Connection bridge from downtown New Orleans turned back stranded tourists and locals at gunpoint. "As we approached the bridge," wrote two stranded paramedics, "armed Gretna sheriffs formed a line across the foot of the bridge. Before we were close enough to speak, they began firing their weapons over our heads."
Katrina was a fairly terrible natural disaster. But it turned into a horrific social catastrophe because of the response of the people in power, spurred on by their willingness to believe a hysterical, rumour-mongering media. (Journalists on the ground were often fiercely empathic and right on the mark, but those at a remove were all too willing to believe the usual tsunami of cliches about disaster and human nature.)
The story that few can wrap their minds around is that ordinary people mostly behaved well – there were six bodies in the Superdome, including four natural deaths and a suicide, not the hundreds that the federal government expected when it sent massive refrigerator trucks to collect the corpses. On the other hand, people in power behaved appallingly, panicking, spreading rumours, and themselves showing an eagerness to kill and a pathological lack of empathy.
Amusingly, the New Orleans Police Department stripped a Cadillac dealership of its cars, some of which were found as far away as Texas. Less amusingly, they shot a couple of unarmed – and, of course, black – family groups on the Danziger Bridge shortly after the storm in the only such incident to receive much press coverage. A middle-aged mother had her forearm blown off; a mentally disabled 40-year-old on his way to his brother's dental office was shot five times in the back and died, and a teenager was also killed.
Truth, the first casualty of war, is pretty imperilled in disasters, too. One group of suburban white men who believed the rumours or just anticipated that in the absence of authority we all become monsters became monsters themselves, even as they fantasised they were preserving order. These men in Algiers Point across the river from the city of New Orleans gathered an arsenal and launched their own little murder spree, killing several black men and injuring and threatening others.
They were the real rampaging gangs, and they were not shy about what they did – they boasted of it to videographers and have talked openly about it since. And with confidence, since there have to date been no legal repercussions. They claimed to be defending their property and their neighbourhood, but their most vocal surviving victim, Donnell Herrington, was an armoured truck driver trying to evacuate after he had stayed behind to take care of his grandparents. Herrington, who rescued those grandparents and dozens of neighbours by boat from their flooded apartment complex, then tried to find an evacuation point in Algiers for himself, and was shot twice at close range with a shotgun and nearly bled to death before neighbours got him to the hospital. The vigilantes shot him because he was black, and because they could get away with it, and because they were inflamed by the news accounts.
The story was not hard to find, and I picked up a lot of pieces of it while doing research for a book on disaster and civil society. Though New Orleans was overrun by national and international journalists, no one would touch it until I enlisted the brilliant investigative journalist AC Thompson. Despite his cover story in the Nation that included admissions of murder, many still deny that the killings took place. Given a choice between their worldview and the facts, some choose the worldview.
Most people behave beautifully in disasters (and most Americans, incidentally, believe Obama was born in this country). The majority in Katrina took care of each other, went to great lengths to rescue each other – including the "cajun navy" of white guys with boats who entered the flooded city the day after the levees broke – and were generally humane and resourceful. A minority that included the most powerful believed they were preventing barbarism while they embodied it.
We are entering an era of heightened disaster, thanks to climate change. Being prepared for disaster will mean being prepared to sift truth from rumour, and being prepared to adjust our worldview. There is some incredible ugliness to the truth about Katrina. But, four years on, the lies hide more beauty, and hide where our dangers and our salvation may lie in times of crisis.
Rebecca Solnit's new book is A Paradise Built in Hell: The Extraordinary Communities That Arise in Disaster
The Stale Comic Book Movie Concept That The DCEU Is Avoiding With Wonder Woman By Matt Wood Random Article Blend Right off the bat, Wonder Woman is separating itself from the rest of the comic book herd. The most obvious way it's doing this is the fact that a woman is headlining, but DC Films isn't planning to stop there. It's important to remember that Wonder Woman is still an origin story, perhaps the most tired aspect of the modern comic book film. While audiences will see how Diana rises from a warrior to full-on superhero, DC Films hopes to do it in such a way that the film is still unique and fresh, while introducing one of the most iconic heroes on the planet. Charles Roven is a producer who's more than a little familiar with DC Comics. In addition to having produced The Dark Knight Trilogy, Roven has been a producer on almost every major film in the DCEU, from Man of Steel to the upcoming Justice League. Roven also provided his expertise on Wonder Woman, and he recently chatted with ComicBook about the what viewers can expect from the film. Wonder Woman will explain how Diana left Themyscira to eventually become the costumed heroine seen in Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, and Roven was asked how they are keeping away from telling a formulaic origin story. We're hoping honestly that you won't say that when you see any of these movies. Get powers, fight bad guys... It's a journey of discovery that's way more profound than just learning that she's got physical abilities that others don't have. It's about helping mankind and being a symbol of all the things you could accomplish without war. At this point, moviegoers could recite the beats of an origin movie by heart; it's one of the most common types of stories in modern cinema. We've seen almost every major superhero origin play out on film (some of them twice!) by this point. I don't need another one; you don't need another one. DC Films seems to acknowledge this, and they are trying to address the issue by making the film more than just an origin. Sure, the familiar story beats will probably be present, but they are trying to more overtly play to the themes and message of the character. It's an approach they are also applying to Flash (whenever it comes out) and Aquaman, and I hope it works out. The last big origin story was Doctor Strange and while I like that movie, that's about as by-the-book as it gets in terms of plot. If Wonder Woman can buck this increasingly boring trend, then all the more power to it. Wonder Woman is directed by Patty Jenkins and stars Gal Gadot. The film is expected to hit theaters on June 2, 2017. WATCH: Henry Cavill's 7 Best Superman Moments Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Seems Obama is quite the “playa” like his horny pal Bill Clinton. While there are no documented trips of Obama going to Lolita Island with Clinton, it seems he likes to follow porn stars on Twitter. Horny little devil. Of course, if you were married to Moochelle, can you really blame the dude? When contacted for Obama, the Obama “team” had no comment. That's a rarity if you've paid any attention over the last 7.5 years. Progressive values on display.
President Obama's Twitter account, which is run by his “Organizing for Action” staff, follows 636,000 accounts. Many of them you might expect: Michelle Obama, Joe Biden, John Kerry. Even Mariah Carey and Snoop Dogg don't really raise an eyebrow. But several accounts on the presidential follow list fit a different theme: Asa Akira, a porn star who has 653,000 followers and, in her Twitter bio, states “I have an award-winning asshole.” Joanna Angel (390,000 followers), who describes herself as a “multiple award winning punk porno princess;” Penthouse Pet Of The Year Nikki Benz (808,000 followers); and Ashley Steel (138,000 followers), who writes that she is a “Porn Star, Doggy mama, Happiness Junkie, XXX Model, Buddhist, & Total nerd.”
So why is the official Twitter account for the president of the United States publicly following adult movie stars? Of course, American porn stars are just as American (and just as worthy of the President's ear) as anyone else, but this interaction is nonetheless an unusual move for an elected official's campaign-managed social media account.
Neither the Organizing for Action campaign nor the White House immediately responded to a request for comment. A spokesperson for Joe Rospars, Obama's principal digital strategist for both presidential campaigns, said that he was not available to comment.
Money
I bet you've seen a lot in the financial press lately about “blockchain,” “bitcoin” and “cryptocurrencies.”
If you're like most investors, chances are you have little idea what these concepts mean. Don't feel bad.
Even the words themselves are new. The Microsoft Word program on which I am writing this does not even include them in the spellcheck function.
Recently, I decided to educate myself on the blockchain and bitcoin phenomena.
So last week, I attended the Harvard Business School Angels of London event titled: “Understanding the Opportunity of Blockchain & Cryptocurrency.”
It was one heavy-hitting panel.
The group's moderator was Nicolas Cary, the co-founder and president of Blockchain (www.blockchain.com). Even Cary said it was the most impressive collection of experts on blockchain assembled in one place he had ever seen.
Panelists included the chairman of bitcoin exchange-traded funds (www.xbtprovider.com); the CEO of the leading online platform for transactions in digital currencies (www.coinbase.com); a blockchain-based infrastructure provider for global payments (www.ripple.com); the chief executive officer of a new Swiss cyberbank (www.swissborg.com) and the CEO of a blockchain-focused investment fund.
The panelists represented different aspects of the blockchain space. Yet they all agreed that blockchain technology would change the world even more than the internet did.
To read the rest of “Explaining the Blockchain and Bitcoin Mania,” please click here.
Alex Iwobi will stay with Arsenal for "many, many years," even if Barcelona registered an interest and offered more money, the winger's father has told AfricanFootball.com
Iwobi, 20, has become a first-team regular at Arsenal and has caught the eye as part of a Gunners' side unbeaten since the opening day of the season and two points off the top of the Premier League table.
"At this point in time, he is at the right place," the Nigeria international's father, Chuka Iwobi, said. "He's doing well at Arsenal, but should any club come for him now, the answer would certainly be no.
"For him now, it's not about the money. So, should a club like Barcelona come with more money, he will certainly stay back at Arsenal because now it is not about him making money, it's about him concentrating on his career, progressing and going on to the next stage.
"He has broken into the first team and what they all talk about is his humility. Personally, that's very important because when a player starts getting arrogant that's when the player fails.
"I see him being with Arsenal for very many, many years."
Gun violence exacts a staggering toll on American society, wrecking lives and families, placing an enormous burden on police, health professionals, and taxpayers.
Sometimes, the best way to tell this story is to show it. On Wednesday, the data-journalism specialty site FiveThirtyEight launched a multi-part investigative project that includes one of the most compelling gun death visualizations we've seen. It is a powerful reminder of how black males die in hugely disproportionate numbers in gun violence — and of how suicide, which is frequently overlooked in the gun debate, accounts for two thirds of all gun deaths.
Below is a slide from the FiveThirtyEight package that drives that latter point home, along with four other gun violence graphics that drive home the pervasiveness of this public health crisis.
01
Gun Deaths in America FiveThirtyEight Two thirds of gun deaths are suicides — and half of those are men aged 45 and older. Another compelling stat: Of the 12,000 gun homicides committed each year, more than half of the victims are male, and two thirds of those men are black.
02
Gun Violence in U.S. Cities Compared to the Deadliest Nations in the World CityLab Six weeks after the Newtown massacre, Zara Matheson of the Martin Prosperity Institute at the University of Toronto created a map comparing gun homicide rates in major U.S. cities to national gun homicide rates from other countries. What follows swiftly and effectively contextualizes the scope of America's gun violence problem: Detroit ranks alongside El Salvador; New Orleans is comparable to Honduras. In fact, if it were its own country, New Orleans would have the second-highest homicide rate in the world. Florida unearthed some other staggering facts: Gun murder rates in Newark, New Jersey, and Phoenix, Arizona, are comparable to those in Colombia and Mexico, respectively — the world's most notorious drug trafficking hubs.
03
U.S. gun deaths Periscopic One of the most arresting gun-related graphics we've seen came from Portland, Oregon-based Periscopic, a data visualization firm. Periscopic's designers sought to depict U.S. gun murders in 2010 and 2013 using FBI data and news clips. They then used U.S. mortality data from the World Health Organization to calculate the remaining years each person might have lived if their lives hadn't been cut short by a bullet. The resulting image starts small and builds to a horrific crescendo: A line of orange arcs across a black screen and fades to gray, like a shooting star or a fading firecracker, as the name and age of each gunshot victim appears and their “stolen years” are added to a counter on the right. A few more streaks shoot across the screen and peter out, then the rest follow, fast and furious, until each of the year's gunshot fatalities are rendered and a jaw-dropping 502,025 “stolen years” are recorded. “Humans only evolved about 300,000 years ago,” the graphic's creators observed.
04
33,636 Gun Deaths Visualized Matt Haughey on Medium Last December, Haughey, a web designer, took the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's gun-death toll from 2013, the most recent year for which such statistics were available, and represented each victim with a handgun emoji. His motivation, he wrote, was “to see what 33,636 of anything looked like.” The result is a seemingly endless scroll that blurs the eyes and numbs the mind. As each row flies by, a sickening realization sets in: These were human lives ended by gun violence. Haughey concludes his piece by reminding readers that the gun death toll is roughly the same year after year in America, “and still we do nothing.”
An Arizona man was convicted on Monday of charges that he provided support to Islamic State by helping a New York City college student travel to Syria, where he died fighting for the militant group.
Ahmed Mohammed El Gammal, 44, was found guilty by a Manhattan federal jury on all four counts he faced, including that he provided material support to a foreign terrorist organization.
Jurors in a note said they reached their verdict after what they called a 'difficult deliberation.' The verdict came on the third day of deliberations in the case, which centered in part on evidence collected from social media.
Ahmed Mohammed el Gammal, 44, seen left and right, was found guilty on all four counts of recruiting a college student for providing and conspiring to provide material support to ISIS
El Gammal made arrangements for Baruch student Samy El-Goarany travel to Syria in February 2015, and introducing him to people who helped him join ISIS
'Once again, we have shown that terrorists and terrorist enablers can be brought to justice fairly, openly, and swiftly in the crown jewel of our justice system -- civilian courts,' Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement.
A lawyer for El Gammal had no comment. He faces a mandatory-minimum sentence of 10 years in prison and a maximum of 55 years.
El Gammal is one of more than 100 people to face U.S. charges since 2014 in cases related to the Islamic State, which controls parts of Syria and Iraq and has claimed responsibility for bombings and shootings of civilians in other countries.
Ahmed Mohammed el-Gammal helped student Samy el-Goarany, pictured, reach Syria where he trained with the Islamic State group before he was killed in November 2015
The case stemmed from El Gammal's interactions with Samy Mohammed El-Goarany, a 24-year-old student at Baruch College in Manhattan, who prosecutors said had become obsessed with Islamic State and wanted to fight with it.
Prosecutors said El Gammal, an Egyptian-born Phoenix resident, was a supporter of Islamic State who had settled in America and, after befriending El-Goarany online, decided to guide the student toward his goal.
In October 2014, El Gammal traveled to New York, met with El-Goarany and put him in touch with a friend in Istanbul who could help him travel to join Islamic State, prosecutors said.
El-Goarany ultimately flew to Istanbul from New York in January 2015, and sometime after arrived in Syria, where he received religious and military training and died fighting with Islamic State, prosecutors said.
El Gammal's lawyers denied that El Gammal knew about El-Goarany's plans, saying the student misled people into believing he was traveling to do humanitarian work.
Former UFC Heavyweight Champion Frank Mir has been through several highs and lows in terms of success in his mixed martial arts career. From being in a terrible motorcycle accident to lackluster performances and all the way to winning the title, Mir is no stranger to the spotlight.
Since his professional debut in 2001, Mir has made waves throughout his career. It first started when he defeated Roberto Traven by armbar in his first fight with the UFC. Despite having a huge weight advantage over Traven, Mir submitted the sixth degree black belt and ADCC champion in just one minute and five seconds. Traven, a world champion in jiu-jitsu, was overwhelmed by his stronger and younger opponent.
Mir would then go on to retire Pete Williams with a shoulder lock. Williams was also a much-respected grappler and in just 46 seconds he was submitted by the rising star. After a brutal knockout at the hands of Ian Freeman, Mir would bounce back with four straight victories over Tank Abbott, Wes Sims (twice) and UFC Heavyweight Champion Tim Sylvia.
Frank would suffer major damage to his legs in a motorcycle accident soon after winning the title. His femur was broken in two places as well as all the ligaments in his knee being completely shredded. He would rehab his knee and return to the Octagon only to go a disappointing 2-2 after his return.
He was finished in both of his losses.
Everything would change in 2008. Frank was matched up (and seemingly sacrificed) to the debuting Brock Lesnar in a fight that in all likelihood should have propelled Lesnar into superstardom. Mir had other plans, showcasing his world class jiu-jitsu again by tangling Lesnar in his web and securing a kneebar victory.
He would then face legendary PRIDE fighter Antonio Rodrigo Nogueira and would be the first to stop "Minotauro" and in the process won the UFC Interim Division Title.
But the reason we are here today is to take an in-depth look at his career submission highlights. He has 14 wins: Eight by submission, and seven of those coming by way of different technique.
That's impressive.
The Shoulder Lock / Mir Lock
The shoulder lock requires a lot of upper body strength for it to be effective. When an opponent is lying in your guard and places his arms on your chest, that is the most effective set-up and start to the submission.
One of the most underutilized moves from elite guard players is pulling guard and Frank has found lots of success in doing so. He pulled guard in his fight with Pete Williams to avoid the kickboxing that led Mark Coleman to being knocked out by a head kick.
As soon as Mir pulled guard he started to get active on Pete's arms.
When the clip starts, Frank Mir is already on bottom with Williams inside his guard. He has his legs hugging Williams' hips with his right leg in a more lock-down position of Williams' left leg and Frank's right leg is positioned across Pete's abdomen.
That is one of the keys to the submission.
Frank has an overhook on Pete's right arm and has it deep. He forces that arm to bend and clasps his hands in his "Gable grip" and begins to crank the arm while pushing Pete's body away with his hips and legs. Mir is well known for having very active hips and crushing power.
This submission demonstrates that well.
Usually in this position it is very difficult to finish the submission as shoulder cranks tend to be more for set-ups than finishers. If Williams brings his head down with that trapped arm he would be triangle choked in seconds.
Frank Mir Toe Holds Tank Abbott
I like to start toe holds from half guard which is the exact opposite of this next submission, but both ways are just as effective as the other. First let me say that toe holds rarely ever work at high levels of mixed martial arts even though they are the safest and simplest of leg locks. Mir being able to get one on Tank Abbott is a statement of how terrible Abbott's ground game truly was.
The toe hold is basically the twisting of the instep and the foot and for the most part you want to grab the toes of the attacked foot and force them to bend. You want to use your other hand to swing under the leg and latch firmly on your attacking wrist. And usually you want to force the foot towards your opponent's butt while keeping the toes bent down.
That should be enough torque to secure the tap out.
In this clip with Mir and Abbott you see Mir once again on his back. And once again the reason for that is he pulled guard. He first attacked Abbott with a triangle and transitioned into an omaplata which had Abbott completely off his base.
From the omoplata he begins to attack with the toe hold.
In the above clip you can see in the video (although poor quality) that Mir has a shoulder trapped with his omoplata. That takes away one whole side for Abbott to defend with. With that shoulder trapped, Abbott is basically stuck in that position, and while he tried to throw his free leg up and over it essentially does nothing.
Mir has the toe hold very tight and in true testament to his jiu-jitsu technique level he doesn't use his body for extra torque. He keeps his whole torso flat on the ground not over committing his weight to any one side.
Frank Mir wins the title from Tim Sylvia
Now I won't get into too much detail about the actual arm bar technique. If you would like to refer to my previous fanpost about armbars, I covered enough there so that if you have any technique questions they all should be covered there.
Frank Mir showed his bone crushing power when he faced Tim Sylvia for the heavyweight title at UFC 48. And once again we will start this clip after Mir pulls Tim into a clinch and pulls guard.
What is important to see here is the torque that Mir puts on the arm with his hips. You can see him thrust his hips towards the arm and using his upper body applies more pressure by pulling down on the arm. From a 245+ pound man to apply his weight with the hips you are bound to produce some very quality power behind a submission.
We all know the rest: Tim's arm is broken and the referee stops the fight awarding Frank with the UFC heavyweight belt.
Frank Mir kneebars Brock Lesnar
Frank was pummeled early and often by Brock Lesnar in their first fight. Lesnar already had Mir down on his back twice, hammering him with big punches. Lesnar was spinning around with Mir on the ground from position to position, very excited, throwing down hammers
Brock then postured up and out and allowed Mir to start playing in his guard. Mir baited Lesnar in deep with a wide open guard and as soon as Lesnar took a step in, he closed up his web and tangled Lesnar up. He brought him to the ground firmly attached to the leg.
Lesnar and his inexperience had no choice but to tap out.
The win would propel Mir into an Interim title fight with Nogueira and continue him on his roller coaster career.
Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman has never been one to shy away from speaking his mind. When an issue comes up that he feels is important, Sherman makes his feelings known, and always does so articulately.
The latest issue to pique Sherman's interest is stadium financing, an issue that is obviously of great importance to people that make their living as Sherman does.
Per ThinkProgress, Sherman went on ESPN 710 Seattle and, when asked what he'd do if elected to the White House, he brought up stadium financing as a way to get the country out of debt.
"I'd get us out of this deficit," Sherman said. "I'd stop spending billions of taxpayer dollars on stadiums and probably get us out of debt and maybe make the billionaires who actually benefit from the stadiums pay for them. That kind of seems like a system that would work for me."
The stadium financing issue is one that his been in the NFL news lately. It was just the other day that commissioner Roger Goodell stated that the Bills have to "stay up" with other NFL stadiums in order to remain a competitive team -- and stay in Buffalo.
"I think that's one of the things Terry (Pegula) is going through, and trying to see," Goodell said, per ESPN. "What does it take to make sure that the Bills remain here on a successful basis? That's the objective, and I know that's their commitment. We fully support that. We have league funding that's available to help in that kind of circumstance. Stadiums are important, just to making sure that the team can continue to compete, not only throughout the NFL but also compete in this environment. Because we've got great facilities here now and the Bills have to stay up with that."
Richard Sherman says owners should pay for their own stadiums. USATSI
Typically with this kind of thing, the owners and the commissioner put the onus on the municipality to come up with most of the funding for the stadium, letting the billionaire owner foot only 30 percent of the bill. (Per Greg Easterbrook's book, King of Sports: Football's Impact on America) There are numerous case studies that explain the damage this practice causes to the communities that are forced to pony up, contrary to what owners and others typically lead the public to believe. (There are short-term benefits to communities, such as construction jobs and the civic pride benefit of being able to keep the team in town, but most studies show those benefits are outweighed by all the costs associated with building the stadiums.)
Could Sherman actually get the tax benefit for stadium building eliminated if he were elected president?
Leaving aside the fact that Sherman is not yet eligible for the job (you have to be 35 years old), the answer would likely depend on the composition of the Senate and House of Representatives when Sherman took office. President Obama tried to include a similar provision in his budget just last year, but it was shot down.
Taiji is still in darkness when a dozen men gather at the quayside and warm themselves over a brazier. While the rest of the town sleeps, they sip from cans of hot coffee, smoke cigarettes and talk in hushed tones.
As soon as the sun edges above the peninsula, they take to their boats, steering out to sea in formation in search of their prey: the dolphin.
Star of dolphin-hunting film The Cove to be deported from Japan Read more
It has been eight years since the Oscar-winning film The Cove propelled this community in an isolated corner of Japan's Pacific coast to the centre of a bitter debate over the pursuit of dolphins for human consumption and entertainment.
The film's graphic footage of dolphins being slaughtered with knives, turning the surrounding sea a crimson red, shocked audiences around the world.
Unaccustomed to international attention and wrong-footed by their social media-savvy opponents, the town's 3,200 residents simply went to ground. Requests for interviews with town officials went unanswered; the fishermen took a vow of silence.
But after years of keeping their counsel, Taiji's fishermen have finally spoken out, agreeing to talk to the Guardian about their work, their whaling heritage, and their determination to continue hunting dolphins.
“We've mostly stayed silent since The Cove, and that's why our point of view was never put across in the media,” says Yoshifumi Kai, a senior official with Taiji's fisheries cooperative.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Taiji's dolphin hunters head out to sea Photograph: Justin McCurry for the Guardian
Kai attributes that reticence down to what he claims are attempts by activists from Sea Shepherd and other conservation groups to manufacture confrontations, which they film and post online, and challenges claims that the practice of slaughtering dolphins beneath tarpaulin sheets is proof that he and his fellow fishermen have something to hide.
“Activists say we are concealing something because we know that what we are doing is immoral, but that's nonsense,” he says. “You never see cattle or other animals being slaughtered in public. It's not something you do out in the open.”
The earliest recorded coastal whale hunts in Taiji can be traced back to the early 1600s. Scrolls on display in the town's whale museum depict dozens of boats decorated with symbols taken from Buddhism and Japan's indigenous religion, Shinto, in pursuit of a whale big enough to sustain the entire community for months.
“Foreign activists ask us why we kill these cute animals, but we see them as a vital source of food, even now,” says Taiji's mayor, Kazutaka Sangen. “When I was a boy, a third of the town would turn out to greet a whale being brought back to shore, because they were desperate to eat its meat. We are grateful to the whales – we want Westerners to understand that.”
By killing dolphins and other small whales, fishermen are continuing a tradition that enabled their ancestors to survive before the days of mass transport and the availability of other sources of nutrition, adds Sangen.
“We couldn't grow rice or vegetables here, and we had no natural water supply. We needed to kill whales to eat, and hundreds of people died doing so. This was a very difficult place to survive, and we will always be grateful to our ancestors for their sacrifice. It's because of them that we are all here today.”
For Sangen, everything in Taiji – from services for elderly residents to education and tourist infrastructure – depends on the income it makes from the sale of dolphins to zoos and aquariums. Several times during the interview he refers to kujira no megumi – literally, the blessing of the whale. “Whaling enables this town to function,” he says.
Using remote-controlled helicopters and hidden underwater cameras, The Cove provided graphic footage of Taiji's infamous drive hunts, whose critics include the former US ambassador to Japan, Caroline Kennedy.
Typically, fishermen pursue pods of dolphins across open seas, banging metal poles against their boats to confuse their hypersensitive sonar, before herding them into a narrow inlet. There, they are either slaughtered for their meat or selected and sold for large sums to aquariums and marine parks.
While dolphin meat for human consumption generates only modest profits, Taiji's fishermen can reportedly sell a live specimen to brokers for about 8,000 US dollars. A fully trained dolphin can then fetch more than 40,000 US dollars if sold overseas, and about half that in Japan.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Minke whale sashimi served at a restaurant in Taiji Photograph: Justin McCurry
The 20 or so Taiji fishermen who take to the sea between September and April to hunt bottlenose dolphins, pilot whales and other small cetaceans have been emboldened by the release of Okujirasama (A Whale of a Tale) – a documentary by the New York-based filmmaker Megumi Sasaki that counters what she describes as The Cove's one-sided treatment of a complex issue.
While making her film, Sasaki concluded that the debate over Taiji is an irreconcilable clash of cultures – between the global, and Western-led, animal rights movement and local traditions steeped in religion and ancestor worship.
‘Whaling is the glue that holds this town together'
“If dolphins are so important to the local community, then why kill them – that's what many Westerners can't understand,” Sasaki says. “But we think of animals as a resource, not that they are special creatures that can do things humans can't do. It's a totally different way of thinking. Whaling is the glue that holds this town together – it's inseparable from local identity and pride.”
Kai dismisses claims that that he and other fishermen employ a singularly cruel method to kill the dolphins. “The way we work has changed with the times,” he says. In response to criticism, fishermen now dispatch the animals by inserting a knife into their neck, severing their brain stem – a method he claims is the most humane possible, but which some experts have said does not result in a painless or immediate death.
On a recent morning, the seafront in Taiji is free from confrontation, although activists have tweeted their regular early-morning photos of the banger boats heading out to sea.
The fishermen appear to have reached an uneasy truce with overseas campaigners, first from Sea Shepherd, and now from the Dolphin Project, a group formed by the dolphin trainer-turned activist Ric O'Barry.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Warning signs near the cove in Taiji. Photograph: Justin McCurry for the Guardian
But there is still little interaction between the two sides. “They don't want to listen, only to provoke us,” Mitsunori Kobata, president of Taiji's dolphin-hunting association, says over a dinner of minke whale sashimi and steamed rice flavoured with thin strips of whale blubber.
“They're here to do whatever they can to obstruct our business, so we don't see any point in engaging with them. They're never going to change their minds, whatever we say.”
Pointing to slices of sauted meat, from the belly of a short-finned pilot whale, that he has brought from home, Kobata adds: “In the days when there was no refrigeration, people preserved meat like this in salt. Of course, there are lots of other sources of protein around these days, but people of my generation and older still have the right to eat whale if we want to.”
Both men hope Sasaki's documentary will restore some equilibrium to a debate that has cast a shadow over Taiji for almost a decade.
They point out that they kill just under 2,000 small cetaceans a year, a tenth of Japan's annual quota, adding that none of the species is endangered or covered by the 1986 global moratorium on commercial whaling.
“We're not ashamed of hunting dolphins and would never consider stopping,” Kai says. “It's the most important part of our local tradition.
“Just look around you … if we didn't make a living from the sea, there would be nothing left. People keep telling us to stop whaling and find another way of earning a living. But what on earth would we do instead?”
"Job Fair" is the seventeenth episode of the fourth season of The Office and the 70th episode overall. It was written by Lee Eisenberg and Gene Stupnitsky. It was directed by Tucker Gates. It first aired May 8, 2008. It was viewed by 7.22 million people.
Contents show]
Synopsis Edit
Michael, Pam, Oscar and Darryl set up a booth at a local job fair at Valley View High School, which happens to be Pam's alma mater, to find the "Best and the Brightest" for Dunder-Mifflin's summer internship. Meanwhile, Jim hits the links with Andy and Kevin to try and land his biggest sale after receiving a formal warning from Ryan regarding his job performance.
Michael sets up the company's booth at the job fair by placing one sheet of white paper on the table and nothing else. The client Jim is trying to impress, Phil Maguire, suggests they bet on the golf game, which excites Kevin, as he both loves to gamble and proves to be an excellent golfer. Andy, on the other hand, is quite a poor golfer. The employees realize there is no reason for them to be in the office with so many people gone and want to go home. Stanley quietly packs his things and walks out as Dwight becomes outraged that everyone wants to leave.
At the job fair, Michael turns away the only student interested in their booth because he is not the type of person Michael was interested in recruiting. He then gets mad that the student signed his name on the sheet of paper and tells Pam to put out another. Pam only brought one, and when Michael gets mad at her, she points out that he told her to only bring one sheet. Michael pushes the blame back on her and makes her go find another piece of paper.
Jim tries to convince the client to switch paper companies, but Phil is content with the supplier he is using and is not interested in hearing a sales pitch. Michael tries to pull other students in to the booth but no one is interested. Back at the office, Angela and Dwight find themselves alone as the rest of the employees decide to go home.
Pam finds a piece of paper from her old art room and returns to the booth with it, but Michael is mad that it is not Dunder-Mifflin paper and makes Pam go back to the office to retrieve another sheet. Meanwhile, Dwight calls Michael with the news that the employees left but Michael agrees that no one should have to be there as both he and Jim are gone and hangs up.
The sales pitch does not seem to be going well for Jim, but he is determined to give it his best shot. After getting shot down again, Andy, in an attempt to be funny, suggests racing to the next hole and crashes the golf cart into a sand trap. Michael becomes disgusted with how well the rest of the booths are doing. Michael tries to re-recruit Justin, the only student who showed an interest in the company, but Justin tells Michael he was a jerk and walks away.
After the golf game, Jim delivers one last desperate sales pitch and Phil finally breaks down and gives Dunder-Mifflin his business. As the job fair starts to wrap up, Michael grabs the microphone and, like Jim, delivers one last desperate sales pitch to get anyone to intern at the company, but he gets no takers.
In his final talking head, Michael justifies his failure at the job fair by accepting credit for Jim's success, as Jim chooses to work at Dunder-Mifflin.
The final scene shows Pam walking over to a graphic design booth during the job fair and asking for an application. Although Pam is intimidated when the graphic design interviewer lists several programs that she is unfamiliar with, the interviewer states that it should be easy to find adult education programs to help Pam learn them.
Deleted scenes Edit
In a talking head interview, Michael explains that kids today have a short attention span, preoccupied with texting, video games and sex. And today, they are being distracted by other booths.
Michael calls a student to the booth and tries to convince him that Dunder Mifflin is a lot of fun. Pam arrives with the paper, and Michael points out that the student could look at Pam all day. He gives the student the paper and says he can keep it. Pam is stunned.
Michael tries to convince that student (who is clearly not interested) that Dunder Mifflin is a fun, sexy place. The student manages to escape, but Michael follows him. The student goes to the bathroom and is disturbed to find Michael waiting for him. The student finally tells Michael directly that he doesn't want to waste his life "selling paper for your stupid company".
Kevin anticipates that the winnings from the golf game will help cover his gambling debts.
Jim confides that inviting Andy was a calculated move: The client hates Cornell.
Pam sees a picture of Roy (in the school's trophy case, along with many accolades from his time on the football team) and says, "9 years of my life".
Trivia Edit
Connections to other episodes Edit
Pam tells the intern candidate Justin, "We uh eat a lot of cake." In the episode Survivor Man, we learn that every employee in the office gets an individual birthday cake.
Michael previously used the "And don't call me Shirley" joke with Jan in Valentine's Day. But in that episode, he used it correctly.
Jim and Pam share a polite handshake even though they would rather kiss - and after already sharing a kiss. In The Return, Dwight and Angela share a polite handshake even though they would rather kiss.
Pam does not seem to recognize the graphic design interviewer, Nick, in the episode Sabre, who has been hired as an IT specialist.
Pam tells the camera that she has fond memories from her high school years in the gym, including “pretending to have PMS to get out of volleyball.” However, in the Season 5 finale “Company Picnic,” Pam is the most skilled volleyball player on the team and tells the camera that she played a little in junior high, high school, college, “and went to volleyball camp most summers.”
Amusing details Edit
B.J. Novak (Ryan Howard) and Paul Lieberstein (Toby Flenderson) are credited but do not appear in this episode
Kevin once again gambles the petty cash. He did so previously in the Webisode Things Are Getting Tense .
. While in the gym, Pam recounts how she used to pretend to have PMS to get out of playing volleyball. However, in the season 5 finale Company Picnic, not only is Pam shown to be an excellent volleyball player, she proudly states that she used to play in jr. high, high school, and college; in addition to spending most of her summers at volleyball camp.
Goofs Edit
Pam returns to the office for a sheet of card stock, but she takes it from the copy machine. It is very unusual to use card stock in a copy machine. However, it did appear to be heavy-duty paper when she held it up. Also, it was from a lower drawer of the copier where paper other than standard 20 pounds may be kept.
Andy's hands are fully healed when he is playing air guitar when Jim and Pam kiss despite being covered in blisters and sores at the golf course earlier that day.
Cultural references Edit
Cast Edit
Main Cast Edit
Supporting Cast Edit
Guest Cast Edit
Phil Reeves as Phil Maguire
Trevor Einhorn as Justin
Emerson Brooks as Air Force Representative
Charlie McDermott as High School Student
Lori Murphy Saux as The Announcer
Recurring Cast Edit
Nelson Franklin as Nick
Elvy Yost as Megan (deleted scene)
References Edit
No
It should come as no surprise that the economic production of each state is not evenly divided. There are many variables including population, industrial base, and regional specialties. With this deep recession it is important to get an understanding of how things are divided in the United States. It is easy to get into the mode of thinking everything is evenly divided or the recession is being felt equally across state lines. It is not. Some states like California had historical housing bubbles that saw real estate prices in some areas triple in 10 years only to come crashing down. Other areas like Texas had minor real estate appreciation. In the United States 10 states make up 55 percent of all GDP. The U.S. in 2008 had a GDP of $14.16 trillion and these states produced $7.89 trillion of that amount.
Let us take a look at how this breaks down:
When we start narrowing down the big economic states, we can also look at their local dynamics to get a better understanding of why this recession has made it so difficult for jobs to be created. In fact, we have yet to see a month of positive job growth since the recession started back in December of 2007. The national official unemployment rate is 9.8 percent. Out of the top 10 states, 6 have unemployment rates over 10 percent:
Think of the local dynamics of a few of these states. California and Florida had enormous housing bubbles and the repercussion of a bursting bubble are still being dealt with. These states are still losing jobs since a large part of their industries revolved around the housing market. New York and New Jersey have big industries around the financial industry. Now that the stock market has recovered, certain institutions are taking in gigantic profits since some of their competitors collapsed while the government selectively decided to bail out a few chosen. But still, employment in these sectors do not come close to rivaling the peak of what we saw earlier in the decade.
The above data is important to focus on because these are the states that make up the bulk of GDP. With rampant state budget deficits many of these states are cutting spending but also raising taxes. Unlike the federal government that has access to the U.S. Treasury and Federal Reserve, states need to contend with balanced budgets. These states are grappling with these problems so their GDP surely in 2009 will be lower than what was shown in 2008. If tax collections are any sign, the contraction will be rather severe.
If you boil the data down further, the top 5 states make up 40 percent of GDP. In a way, this is similar to the too big to fail banks. Sure, the U.S. has some 8,000+ banks that are insured by the FDIC but approximately 100 hold over 70 percent of all assets. If there are problems in these big states, will smaller states carry the slack in GDP?
Many of the smaller states are also contending with higher unemployment. The economy is interconnected and many of these states export goods to higher populated regions. If people stop spending and buying these goods, it will also hurt them. Ask GM or Chrysler what happens when people stop buying your goods.
Looking at the list of the top 10 and four of the states had economies that benefited enormously by the housing bubble; California, New York, Florida, and New Jersey. Other states also saw benefits from the housing bubble but nothing to the level of these states. You would have to look at Nevada and Arizona but these two states do not make it to the list.
So why look at these states? These are indicators of economic growth. If these states can show that they can grow without the housing bubble, then we might begin seeing a recovery. But instead, the government and Wall Street have decided to revive (or try) the housing bubble. Giving away an $8,000 tax credit to potential home buyers, the Federal Reserve buying over a trillion in mortgage backed securities to keep interest rates low, and allowing banks to keep toxic assets hidden for as long as they like. That is effectively the strategy. The hope is that somehow, people go back to spending all their money on housing and cars again. I'm not sure if that is going to happen because job growth is now nowhere to be found. What did happen for their trust in a banking sector that largely led us into this crisis is that more and more money is now concentrated in fewer and fewer hands. If anything the government is looking more and more like a kleptocracy. 27 million unemployed and underemployed are wondering where that $13 trillion in bailouts and backstops has gone? Clearly it hasn't gone to create jobs.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
This is a short introduction to RealmEye's in-game trading aid. It consists of two parts:
If you couldn't find an acceptable offer, then post yours:
Scroll through the offers to see if there is one you want to consider. If there is, then try to contact the player who made it, with the /tell command in the game. For example: /tell KimMandeok Hello. I would like to trade my vit pot to your def pot.
Find the vitality potion, then click on the blue number to see who is buying it.
Navigate to the Trading/Current offers section using the menu.
On your player's page, there's a new summary entry: Offers. Click on the link to view your offers.
On your offers' page, click on the "Edit" button to edit your offers.
Click on the "Add Offer" button at the bottom.
A new offer will appear, ready to be edited. Click on the "Add Item" button on the "Selling" side to select the item you want to sell.
In this example we will offer a defense potion for two speed potions and a dexterity potion. So, select the defense potion.
So far so good. Now add a speed potion to the "Buying" side, then set the quantity of it to 2 by clicking on the button in the bottom right corner. You can use your mouse wheel, or just type the value.
Add a dexterity potion to the "Selling" side the same way. If you have multiple defense potions to sell for two speed and a dexterity potion, then adjust the value in the "Qty." column. When you're done, click on the "Confirm" button.
You'll get a confirmation code which you have to tell to Mr. Eyeball.
There's a complete message prepared and selected for you. Just copy and paste it into the RotMG chat.
Fooling around with making Illustrator do stippling for me via the magic of a few scatter brushes. Because holy shit all those dots would be a ton of work. Especially when I decided to retroactively make them tiny little skulls once it turned into my Bloodborne character.
Illustrator, about ~30min to draw, plus another half hour fooling around with turning the dots into different things.
edit: here, have some brush settings. They're all called “leaf” because I started with one of my standard toolkit brushes, a jaunty little rectangle scatter brush I use for abstracted leaves. I ended up replacing them with a skull made up of five paths (overall shape, each eye, nosehole, highlight) joined into a compound path. I made the others by just duplicating the first brush and changing the settings, mostly by either widening the scatter range to create a broader stroke, or by raising the spacing to make it lighter. You could easily make a few more if you wanted to take a stippled piece further than I did here. Things may start to get a little sluggish though. Use multiple layers, hide them and maybe make simple gradient proxies, consider writing up a feature request for something like Expression's “freeze layer” function again. (Expression was a wonderful natural-media vector package that Illustrator is still trying to catch up to; one thing it could do was “freeze” a layer. Which was like locking it except it also rendered a moderately high-res bitmap, and used that for building the preview instead of rendering everything from scratch. It made working with complex drawings a lot faster.)
T-Mobile continues to add customers at a record pace and today reported a net addition of 2.3 million subscribers during the third quarter.
The Bellevue-based carrier's growth included the addition of 1.4 million branded post-paid customers, a coveted category for wireless carriers. It was the sixth-straight quarter of customer growth of more than 1 million for T-Mobile, which has implemented a series of new offerings over the past year as part of its “Uncarrier” strategy under CEO John Legere.
Those changes include shifting customers away from the long-term contracts that have defined the wireless industry, offering early upgrades, free international data roaming, and paying early termination fees for people who switch to T-Mobile, the nation's fourth-largest carrier.
However, despite the growth, T-Mobile is taking a hit on its bottom line. The company reported a quarterly loss of $94 million, or 12 cents a share. Analysts expected the company to report a profit of 3 cents a share. This comes after T-Mobile posted $391 million in profit during the second quarter.
The nation's fourth-largest carrier has added more customers in attempt to catch its competition, including third-place Sprint, which started rolling aggressive new rate plans in late-August that caused AT&T and Verizon Wireless to respond.
Related Posts
In early October when Legere appeared at the GeekWire Summit, he hinted that the quarter had been strong.
“I'm tempted to tell you about September,” he said, jokingly. “There's a lot going on in the wireless industry that can be explained by what's happening in the competitive environment. We are kicking the shit out of these guys right now.”
In September, Legere bodly predicted that T-Mobile would pass Sprint in customers by the end of 2014.
“We will overtake Sprint this year, and next on our list is AT&T,” he said.
Sprint had been interested in acquiring T-Mobile this year, but the company gave up those aspirations in August. French telecommunications company Iliad also dropped its own bid to purchase T-Mobile earlier this month.
Legere is speaking at the Code/Mobile Conference in Half Moon Bay, Calif. to discuss results tonight at 7:30 p.m. PT and will further talk about third quarter results during an earnings call on Tuesday morning at 8 a.m. PT.
Unsurprisingly, Legere posted a series of tweets this evening after the earnings posted:
Nearly 53M customers & they keep coming to the #uncarrier. Why? Because we listen to our customers and deliver on our promises! #simple — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 28, 2014
10 MILLION customers have joined @tmobile in the last 6 quarters! That's 10 million more that have seen through the BS of this industry! — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 28, 2014
We're on a mission to change wireless for the better and customers are taking notice and joining the #uncarrier revolution #wewontstop — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 28, 2014
We have the fastest nationwide 4G LTE and we're still going! We're rolling out WidebandLTE, 700 MHz A-Block & 1900 MHz PCS spectrum. — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 28, 2014
And we're the first to #unleash the power of Wifi (not that they would if they could!) #uncarrier — John Legere (@JohnLegere) October 28, 2014
Shares of T-Mobile closed at $27.99 today. See the full financial results here.
FARGO-North Dakota's new medical marijuana law will not take effect on Thursday, Dec. 8- the date specified by law-because officials are grappling with the measure's complexity and sometimes contradictory provisions.
"We have not committed to any time frame yet," said Arvy Smith, the deputy director of the North Dakota Department of Health, which is implementing the law passed by voters in the Nov. 8 election.
Other states that have launched medical marijuana programs have taken anywhere from 18 months to as many as two, four or even six years, she said. "Hopefully we will not be that far out."
It's likely that the medical marijuana program won't be available until after the North Dakota Legislature, which convenes in January, can pass clarifying legislation, Smith said. Officials have found "redundant and conflicting language" that needs to be addressed.
"We'd like to fix the things that aren't clear and move forward," she said.
Implementation likely will be rolled out in phases, with no enforcement and regulation until the law is fully implemented, Smith said.
There also are many practical considerations involved in establishing dispensaries-called compassionate care centers in the law-as well as growing operations, certifying caregivers as well as patients.
For instance, It takes up to nine months to turn a seedling into a mature marijuana plant, Smith said.
A leading proponent of North Dakota's medical marijuana law said he understands the need for a delay-up to a point.
"Of course we're truly disappointed," said Ray Morgan of Fargo, who helped spearhead the initiative. The health department is understaffed and dealing with budget cuts, he said.
"I know there are people suffering from ailments who want access to medical marijuana right away," said Morgan, who suffers from chronic pain following back surgery.
Still, he believes they could roll out at least parts of the law, especially the provisions dealing with the application process so patients can become certified. Those patients then would be ready as soon as the program becomes effective, Morgan said.
"We really, really think that they are dragging their feet just a little bit," he said.
Most of North Dakota's law was borrowed from Delaware's medical marijuana law, a program that can serve as an obvious model, Morgan said. A few minor provisions were gleaned from medical marijuana laws in Montana and Arizona.
"There wasn't much mixing and matching," he said. "They don't have to reinvent the wheel."
Officials are looking for ways to launch the medical marijuana program as cost-effectively as possible, Smith said. Health officials' first estimated it would cost $8.7 million for the first biennium, with ongoing costs of $7.3 million and one-time expenditures of $1.4 million.
Funding will be required to hire staff to register qualifying patients and license designated caregivers and dispensaries. Staff also will be needed to monitor and enforce the law and to run an information management system to track data required to be reported annually as well as a verification system for caregivers and law enforcement.
To begin with, Morgan expects there would be dispensaries in Bismarck and Fargo. The law permits those who are not within 40 miles of a dispensary to grow their own medical marijuana or obtain it from a certified caregiver.
The cost of establishing a couple of dispensaries would be in the "$2.5 million range," with each additional site costing around $200,000, said Morgan, a Fargo financial adviser.
Russian military intelligence engaged in a spear-phishing attack against an unnamed company in the US, “evidently to obtain information on elections-related software and hardware,” according to a top-secret National Security Agency (NSA) report, which was published on Monday (June 5) by The Intercept. The report says Russian intelligence agency also conducted phishing attacks against several government agencies and attempted to impede requests for absentee voting ballots.
Shortly after The Intercept published the NSA document, the US Department of Justice announced that the FBI had arrested a 25-year-old contractor in Georgia, Reality Leigh Winner, and charged her “with removing classified material from a government facility and mailing it to a news outlet.” The DOJ's announcement did not mention The Intercept, and officials have not confirmed a connection between the article and the arrest. However, several key details between the article and an affidavit released by the DOJ, such as the date of the document in question, match up.
The report as published by The Intercept details operations that took place in August and October of 2016, just before the US presidential election on November 8. It contradicts recent statements made by Russian president Vladimir Putin, who said last week that while “patriotic” Russian civilians may have engaged in hacking, the Russian government did not. He also suggested in an interview with NBC on Friday that hackers in the US may have framed Russia.
A portion of the NSA document published by The Intercept
The NSA document explicitly says otherwise, calling out Russia's General Staff Main Intelligence Directorate (GRU, for the agency's name in Russian), the country's military intelligence agency, as the main actor behind the operations.
On August 24, the GRU “executed a spear-phishing campaign from the email address noreplyautomaticservice@gmail.com,” according to the report, sending fake Google Alert emails to employees of a US company apparently involved in developing election systems. When employees clicked a link in the email, it took them to what appeared to be a legitimate Google login page. If they entered their login credentials there, the hackers captured them.
National Security Agency An NSA diagram outlining a Russian phishing attack
A comment in the NSA report notes that at least one employee's account was “likely” compromised.
With the information obtained in that attack, the GRU launched a second phishing campaign against “US local government organizations” in October, according to the report. The hackers created the email account “vr.elections@gmail.com,” which used the name of the elections-services company as its display name. From that account, the hackers sent 122 phishing emails to local government agencies, offering “election-related products and services.”
Those emails contained two Microsoft Word documents as attachments, both of which were “trojanized with a Visual Basic script, which, when opened, would spawn a PowerShell instance and beacon out to malicious infrastructure,” the report states. That is, once an attached Word document was opened by the victim, the malware would execute commands through PowerShell that connected the computer to an IP address within the US. It then downloaded “an unknown payload,” which then installed another piece of software the NSA believes was used to “establish persistent access or survey the victim for items of interest.”
The hackers also appear to have attempted to create email addresses that would intercept requests for absentee ballots by “mimicking a legitimate absentee ballot-related service provider.” In the 2016 election, millions of Americans voted by sending in absentee ballots.
The Cleveland Plain Dealer has a story of how one group of workers lost out when Republican nominee for president Mitt Romney came to town for a routine campaign stop.
On August 14th, Romney visited the Century Mine near Beallsville, Ohio to “promote jobs” in the coal industry. For “safety and security” reasons, the mine was shut down during the candidate's visit. Several coal workers employed by Murray Energy, which operates the mine, told local radio host Gary Blomquist that they were intimidated into appearing at the Romney event:
Blomquist said that he got multiple emails and phone calls from Murray Energy workers who felt that they were intimidated into attending Romney's appearance. He said employees were told they'd have to forfeit the day's pay unless they could make up their missed hoursAi??on overtime or weekends.
“If they shut the mine down, why should they lose a day's pay? There are some guys that just want to go to work, feed their family and go home,” said Blomquist.
Ironically, Romney used the event to appeal to the coal lobby, blasting the supposed “war on coal.” If the details relayed by the workers at the mine are correct, it seems that these particular coal miners would've been better off had Romney never visited.
In 2008, the Delhi government completed the construction of around 14,000 flats that were to be allotted to people belonging to the economically weaker sections.
Five years later, the flats are empty and have fallen into disrepair. No allotment has been made till now, though government received thousands of applications over the years.
The reason: The government is still working on the definition of EWS and, therefore, cannot decide who qualifies for the category. And for the few who did fit the category, the allocation got tangled in red tape.
The Delhi Cabinet last week constituted a high-level committee of principal secretaries to initiate the allotment of the low-cost houses to eligible applicants under the Rajiv Ratna Awas Yojna. The committee has been tasked with not only defining the criteria under which applicants will be eligible, but also finalise the modalities of the allotment process.
Speaking to Newsline Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit admitted to lapses in government procedure.
"This scheme, meant to provide EWS housing, was launched at least five years ago but yet no allotments have been made despite thousands of applications. The recently formed committee has been tasked with sorting this mess out as soon as possible," Dikshit said.
She said procedural delays would also be weeded out by the committee.
The Opposition BJP slammed the Dikshit government claiming the project was merely an attempt to garner votes. "The government has been talking about this scheme for at least eight years now, and it is barely five per cent complete with no allotments. We are planning to take up this issue in a big way across the city," BJP MLA and senior leader Jagdish Mukhi said.
In Ghoga near Bawana, Delhi State Industrial and Infrastructure Development Corporation (DSIIDC) completed the construction of 3,680 flats under the housing scheme. Roop Ram, a watchman for the sprawling project, was hired in 2008.
... contd.
ALSO READ Sisodia moves into Mayur Vihar flat
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
LAC MEGANTIC,, Que. — Tom Mulcair looks remarkably relaxed and content for a man whom pollsters and pundits predict may be headed to the political gallows on Monday — and not all of the shaggy grin is the polish of a seasoned politician. He smiled, joked and even mimicked the grumbling of one his senior staffers during an interview late Friday with The Canadian Press, which may be somewhat surprising for an NDP leader whose party rode a wave of Big Brother anti-terror fears and Senate scandal to the top of the polls early in the campaign, only to have the lead evaporate. Earlier in the week, he joined in a chorus of his favourite song — A Day in the Life by The Beatles — on a long cross-country flight. Before each speech he gives his wife Catherine a quick kiss. By rights, at this point in the campaign, you would expect him to be throwing the chairs around, at least behind closed doors. The NDP, as he likes to tell partisan crowds across the country, has never been so close to power. If the polls are to be believed, the party, which steered itself to the centre of the political spectrum in order to gain acceptance and electabilty, is about to drive off a cliff and land back in third spot where it had — until 2011 — languished for half century. In fact, he told the reporters interviewing him to remember where they were — in the rebuilt basement of the famous music club destroyed in the Lac Megantic rail disaster — when he predicted without the blink of an eye that in three days hence the NDP would actually form government. Where is that moment of optimism coming from? Some of it is clearly posturing. Because — in all honesty — what else is he going say? But if you listen carefully he's talking like a doctor who is trying to convince a patient to quit smoking. "People have to sense that you have confidence," he said. "Part of this is about me giving Canadians enough confidence in themselves to be able to break a 148-year-old bad habit, and to talk to them." The problem is not with the NDP policies or its message because, as Mulcair noted, one of the things he's learned in the campaign is to "remain faithful to yourself (and) your ideals." The problem is that Canadians don't believe they can elect an NDP government. "Because they have confidence in the NDP. They know us. They know as a party with strong values that represents Canadians and has been there for the long term," he said. "But now I have to communicate also to them that they have to have confidence in themselves for the final stretch on Monday that they can break that bad habit, that they're not stuck with the Liberals and Conservatives (for eternity), that they can move to something better, which would be an NDP government on Monday." On paper, the campaign turned for the NDP in mid-September when Mulcair was forced to defend a woman's right to wear a niqab in a citizenship ceremony from blistering Conservative attacks, both inside and outside Quebec where the issue is politically toxic. It was Stephen Harper's great "distraction" from his record, he said. The poll numbers have only just begun to stabilize as the NDP has taken hold of twin lifelines — opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal and the resignation of Liberal campaign co-chair Dan Gagnier under a cloud for his connections to the oil patch. Mulcair's full-throated pledge to renegotiate the deal is a reminder of the "old" NDP, the left-of-centre workers' party that opposed both Brian Mulroney's free trade with the U.S. and NAFTA. Bashing the Liberals over Gagnier gives him the opportunity to remind voters, in his Quebec power base and elsewhere, that Canadians turfed them a decade ago. The NDP's push to the centre, particularly with Mulcair's balanced budget promise, is widely believed to have driven progressive voters over to Justin Trudeau's Liberals. But Mulcair does not believe the progressive vote has left him. It's still there. Waiting. The Liberals have tried to capture that vote, "but they haven't been able to succeed," said Mulcair, who listed off reasons for his faith. He said he believes that progressives will remember the Liberals backed Bill C-51, the anti-terror legislation; the NDP's plan to hike taxes on big corporations; the party's opposition to the Keystone XL pipeline, which was founded on the desire to process raw bitumen in Canada rather than export it; opposition to the TPP; and the Liberals' refusal to set specific greenhouse gas targets. Maybe he knows something we don't know. The NDP is fond of saying it either won or ran second in 224 ridings in the 2011 election. And as late as Friday, polling from Ekos was saying that despite the slide in nationals numbers, the "rather efficient distribution of their support means they will likely still be looking at a fairly impressive seat count on Monday."
Like Us On Facebook
Also on HuffPost
“What Is Furry Music?” It's a topic that Rakuen Growlithe started on Flayrah. It can be music with furry themes, or music made by (or even popular with) furries, or both.
Rakuen dismissed much of the latter kind for not being furry enough. I don't think that's quite fair. Consider overlap with rave scenes and gaming. Music related to those things can carry furry culture or spirit without animal themes built in. Music has context – it even matters where you go for it (yay for dive bars!) Some classic electronic/rave music was made with animal sounds for their musical tones. Doesn't that bring out a little furry spirit?
I'd love to get into this and get responses from Furry music makers about how they personally define it. This gets very much into “personal taste”, but that's the fun of it. Just like tasting different foods, it's hard to say anything is right or wrong.
Arts, music, furry, and other subcultures have many overlaps. A while back I covered the super incongruous overlap of furries and industrial music. (Part 1, part 2, part 3.) I liked contrasting the extremes of cold, robotic and aggressive vs. warm, fuzzy and cute themes. You could do this for many genres. How about heavy metal? It's often associated with Wolves.
Here's some personal favorite stuff that came out of 1970's/80's classic punk and goth.
I Wish I Woz a Dog, by Alien Sex Fiend. (It's easy, be a furry.)
This is like the anthem for an underground sewer club full of feral furry rats and stray mutts. In the beginning of the song they're banging on a real trash can. Then it revs up like a washing machine full of spikes. The drum machine and no bass/guitar-only sound makes exciting rawness.
With a name like Alien Sex Fiend, you know they have some wicked humor. It's refreshing among a tendancy for too much self-seriousness in their gloomy genre. They're often grouped into the subgenre of Deathrock, but they also reached out to play with stuff like acid techno. They're theatrical and the singer paints their album covers. It earned them a long lasting cult following.
For fursuiters with attitude: a goth-punk song about masks.
Who knows The Dark? They were one of many bands from the era of The Sex Pistols and The Damned that didn't become legendary. Their greatest song should be. It's a hybrid of styles that doesn't compare to much else, with the trashy B-movie attitude of the Misfits but the creepy grandeur of Bauhaus. (It would be awesome if either band had done music this perfectly on-point. It's almost Goth Oi!)
GG Allin – Livin' Like An Animal.
Alien Sex Fiend sings about wishing to be a dog. GG is famous for actually pooping on the stage and flinging it at the audience. That's what you need to know if you want to risk your innocence and know anything else about his filthy anti-music. This is the “radio friendly” version which has a nastier version called “Fuckin' the Dog” which I'll hasten to add is a saying for “sitting around and doing nothing”.
The Stooges – I wanna be your dog. They call it the genesis of punk rock but I just call it a great item for this list.
The Ramones – Pet Sematary. For the title alone.
More Punk stuff:
The Damned – Rabid Over You. “You treat me like a dog, Give me a bone to chew, Frothing at the mouth, Frothing all over you, Yeah I get rabid over you”.
The Cramps – Can Your Pussy Do the Dog. Just a mention, because how much innuendo do you need… See also I Was a Teenage Werewolf.
The Descendants – I wanna be a bear. See also Doghouse and Dog and Pony Show.
The Misfits – We Bite. Werewolf songs can make a whole other article. Also try Danzig – Killer Wolf or Pain Is Like an Animal.
The Suicide Machines – Sometimes I don't mind. It's 90's pop punk, but a love song to a Boston Terrier with a fursuiter in the video is almost the cutest song.
How about more goth/industrial rock. It's a jump from that punk stuff, but it connects through ones like Alien Sex Fiend.
Evil Mothers – I Like Fur. Ooh, it's eeevil and shameless about the kink theme it shares with some others above.
Nine-Inch Nails – Closer. It's one of the biggest songs ever for industrial music and I probably don't need to remind you about that chorus.
Ashtrayhead – Good Doggy. If you're into this deeper than NIN, the late, great Cubanate is a band you can't miss. I think even most fans don't know this side project of the singer. It's a nifty obscurity which might suit this article better than other lists I could think to put it on.
The Cure – Burn. A super classic club filler about a guy who turns into a crow for vengeance. “Every night I burn, Scream the animal scream.” For more weird anthropomorphism: check out the lost project of the director of The Crow, in my interview article.
Front 242 – Animal. This was kind of a weird era for this classic band when they wanted to turn into The Prodigy, but I think it works.
KMFDM – Animal Out. I miss their early-mid 90's stuff but let's round out the list with something fairly recent.
I can't put GG Allin on a “furry music” list without cleansing the grossness away. After all that not-so-cute stuff, here's the punkest song of all:
The Wiggles – Brush Your Pet's Hair. Someone makes a fursuit music video please!
GodMode. The mere mention of the omnipotence-granting tweak should bring a smile to the face of veteran Windows tinkerers, and yes, the legendary hidden feature still works in the Windows 10 Preview.
GodMode essentially unlocks a centralized table of contents for all of Windows' far-flung features and customization options, drawing all your options together into a single interface and sorting them by tweak types. Once you've basked in its glory, you'll be hooked for life.
Activating it is easy: Just create a new folder and rename it to following:
GodMode.{ED7BA470-8E54-465E-825C-99712043E01C}
Be sure to include the period after “GodMode”! And while this hack is known as GodMode far and wide, you can actually name this folder whatever you'd like by altering the “GodMode” portion of the string. Hassle-Free PC columnist Ian Paul names his Jedi Mode, as he explained in his longer look at the feature.
The GodMode icon and folder in Windows 10.
Once you're done and hit Enter, the icon should transform to mimic the Control Panel's look. Open it to check out your customization options. You can move GodMode around your system the same way you would any other folder, if you don't want it cluttering up your desktop.
Be sure to check out PCWorld's guide to Windows 10's best tips and tricks when you're done exploring GodMode. What's that? You haven't even tried the Windows 10 Preview out yet? Here's everything you need to know to get started, and a guide to the killer new features you'll want to check out first.
To spread some holiday cheer last December, we sent out building blocks to Project Fi customers to help them organize their phones and cables. As you can see from the photos above, customers built creations ranging from the useful to the extravagant.
7) We all want to skip the line
We launched Project Fi as an invitation-only Early Access program to make sure we could deliver the best quality of service to our first customers. Today, we're excited to be exiting our invitation-only mode and opening up Project Fi so that people across the U.S. can now sign up for service without having to wait in-line for an invite.We'd like to say "thank you" to all our Project Fi customers for providing insights and feedback over the past 10 months. While Project Fi is still in its early stages, we're excited to welcome our next wave of customers and look forward to growing and improving together.P.S. To help make saying “Hi” to Project Fi a little easier, we'll be offering the Nexus 5X starting at $199 for the next month when you buy and activate through Project Fi
HONOLULU (Reuters) - The United States is scrapping plans for a Navy ship to join a fleet review in China after key ally, Japan, was not invited, U.S. officials said on Thursday, in a move that came just ahead of Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel's trip to Japan and China.
U.S. Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel speaks during the closing news conference at a meeting of defense ministers from the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) in Honolulu, Hawaii, April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Alex Wong/Pool
The United States had been invited to participate in the fleet review - essentially a parade of ships - as part of activities linked to the Western Pacific Naval Symposium, which is being held this month in Qingdao, an eastern port city.
The United States will still participate in the naval symposium and will observe the review, one official said.
“We're not going to put a ship in the actual parade. We'll observe the parade,” the U.S. official told Reuters, speaking on condition of anonymity, adding the decision was taken last week and came after a request by ally Japan.
Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera told a news conference on Friday that Japan would take part in the regularly held naval symposium but confirmed that it had not been invited to the fleet review.
“Japan is responding calmly but it is unfortunate that China took such approach,” he said.
The U.S. decision was another sign of troubled Sino-Japanese ties, chilled by a territorial dispute over a group of East China Sea islets.
It also shows the tricky balancing act facing Hagel over the next week as he moves to reassure Tokyo of Washington's commitment to its security while seeking better ties with Beijing. Hagel leaves on Friday on a trip to Japan, China and Mongolia.
China's territorial disputes with its neighbors were front and center for Hagel as he hosted talks in Hawaii with defense ministers from Southeast Asian nations, grappling with assertive Chinese military moves in the South China Sea.
“I told the ministers that the United States is increasingly concerned about the instability arising from the territorial disputes in the South China Sea,” Hagel said at a news conference, calling for all sides to avoid resorting to the “threat of force, or intimidation, or coercion.”
The U.S. State Department has accused China's coastguard of harassment of Philippine vessels and called its attempt on Saturday to block a Philippine resupply mission to the Second Thomas Shoal, a disputed atoll, provocative and destabilizing.
Earlier on Thursday, Daniel Russel, President Barack Obama's diplomatic point man for East Asia, said that while the United States did not take a position on rival territorial claims in East Asia, China should be in no doubt about Washington's resolve to defend its allies if necessary.
Hagel said he would speak candidly and directly with officials from China when he travels to Beijing next week and would encourage “responsible behavior.”
“The South China Sea, East China Sea - we have differences there. We talk about those differences,” Hagel said as he wrapped up three days of informal talks with ministers from the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
The ASEAN meeting as well as other steps to enhance the U.S. military's posture in the Asia-Pacific have been viewed suspiciously by Beijing, which is hiking military spending. But Hagel rejected the idea that such moves were to counter China.
“This visit was not a visit to contain China,” Hagel said.
“This area represents tremendous opportunities. The three largest economies in the world are here in the Asia-Pacific - China, Japan and the United States.”
Hagel said he would encourage China to follow international norms and looked forward to a chance to “sit down, close the door, and talk very clearly and directly to our friends.”
“And I consider the Chinese as friends. We have differences. We are competitors. We disagree in areas. But we're certainly not enemies,” Hagel said. “We're doing a lot of things together where we can find some common interests.”
U.S. President Barack Obama is due to visit Japan, South Korea, Malaysia and the Philippines from April 22.
Nearly 100 Colorado medical-marijuana businesses are operating without a finalized state license, the remnants of a bureaucratic backlog now stretching back more than three years.
In the language of the state Marijuana Enforcement Division, these businesses are “operational pending.” What that means is the businesses are allowed to remain open — growing and selling marijuana — while the state conducts its investigation and decides whether to approve or deny the applications the businesses submitted in 2010.
The state has made tremendous progress in clearing its backlog of pending applications — there were more than 900 of them a year ago — and hopes to eliminate the backlog this month.
But the issue has gained new attention after major Drug Enforcement Administration raids last month on medical-marijuana businesses in Colorado, including several operating under pending applications. Of the 96 pending applications for medical-marijuana stores, cultivation facilities and makers of products listed in state records, at least a dozen are tied to addresses raided or people targeted in the raids.
Any number of issues could be holding up the application process for the businesses, said Julie Postlethwait, spokeswoman for the Marijuana Enforcement Division. Investigators could need to run a background check on a new owner, or an owner could be delinquent in paying taxes. A dispensary could have been caught staying open past state-mandated hours or could be under investigation for more significant noncompliance with state rules.
Postlethwait said she could not confirm how many of the pending applications are being scrutinized for serious problems, nor could she confirm whether any businesses connected to the raids are among that group.
“I would guess, if it's been this long since they have been licensed, there is probably some issue that needs to be resolved,” she said. “What that issue was, I can't speak to.”
Mike Elliott, executive director of the Medical Marijuana Industry Group, said “operational pending” businesses still must obey the same rules and submit to the same checks as fully licensed stores.
But the raid on several such businesses is a concern for law enforcement officials, one of whom said state officials aren't doing a good enough job of clearing the backlog.
“The state has never been able to deal with this in an effective way,” said Thornton police Sgt. Jim Gerhardt of the North Metro Task Force. “I think it's just another example of some of the flaws in the infrastructure around this issue.”
Marijuana industry advocates and others say the state has worked hard to eliminate the backlog, which was a point of criticism in a scathing audit of the division released earlier this year.
“It's clear to me that the Department of Revenue is working diligently,” said state Rep. Angela Williams, a Denver Democrat who chairs the legislature's audit committee. “They have made progress.”
The issue dates back to 2009, when hundreds of medical-marijuana businesses opened under uncertain legal authority. Lawmakers in 2010 passed regulations legitimizing the medical-marijuana businesses but also requiring them to be licensed. Businesses that were already open were allowed to stay open while their applications were pending.
In March, a state auditor knocked the division for failing to process applications in a timely manner. At the time that auditors examined the issue, in October 2012, 40 percent of the business license applications filed by an Aug. 1, 2010, deadline were still pending.
Of those 960 pending applications, regulators categorized nearly 120 of them as “problem applications.”
Postlethwait said a change in how licenses are processed is the biggest reason the division was able to whittle down the backlog. The state previously had to wait until it had received verification of local governmental approval of a license before passing final judgment on a license. Lawmakers this year approved a change in state law eliminating that hurdle, although businesses still must obtain a local license.
The result has been a quick drop-off in pending applications. From 960 in October 2012, the numbers dropped to 759 in February and 496 in May, according to Denver Post tallies.
There are currently 517 medical-marijuana dispensaries in Colorado, plus another 140 makers of marijuana-infused products and 745 cultivation facilities. The state has denied 226 license applications since regulation of medical pot began, and another 965 licenses have been withdrawn, Postlethwait said.
Dispensaries operating with pending applications are eligible to apply for recreational pot-shop licenses as long as either they are “in good standing” or their applications have not been flagged as problems, Postlethwait said.
That concerns Kevin Merrill, assistant special agent in charge of the Drug Enforcement Administration's Denver field division.
“How do you know if someone is in good standing if you haven't given them a license and done frequent audits to determine whether they are in good standing?” he said.
Elliott said a number of his group's members have received their licenses in recent months and credited increased resources at the Marijuana Enforcement Division with making the licensing process run much smoother. Those still stuck in the backlog, Elliott said, are probably there for a reason.
“Those outstanding licenses, I imagine, are outstanding because some issue has come up,” he said.
John Ingold: 303-954-1068, jingold@denverpost.com or twitter.com/john_ingold
Winter in Syria can be cold. Freezing cold.
With over 11 million people displaced since the beginning of the country's civil war in 2011, many millions are without adequate heating or shelter during the cold winter months.
A group of MIT students has set out to change that.
The team of six, led by MIT Sloan School of Management undergraduate Vick Liu, has created TravlerPack, a light, durable, water-resistant sleeping bag that can withstand temperatures as cold as -10 degrees Celsius, with the goal of distributing them to Syrian refugees.
TravlerPack started as an idea scribbled on a napkin.
During a freshman pre-orientation exercise last year, Liu was among a group of students discussing startup ideas when he realized he was interested in creating something that would help people. He wrote the idea for TravlerPack on a napkin and stuffed it in his pocket so he wouldn't forget it.
“TravlerPack was a natural transition for me, since I went backpacking and camping growing up,” said Liu. “The refugee crisis is a huge problem, and I have experience with something that could really help people.”
With fuel and shelter hard to come by, refugees have few ways to keep warm during the Syrian winters. But a sleeping bag doesn't require a battery or fuel. “It's a simple solution to a big problem,” said Liu.
The idea grew from there, with the team sewing together its first prototype sleeping bag in a dorm room over the winter. To test it, Liu slept on the roof of his fraternity house one night during a Boston snowstorm last January — temperatures dropped to 15 degrees Fahrenheit, but Liu stayed warm the entire night.
TravlerPack sleeping bags have evolved since then. Initially insulated with sheep's wool (the team bought the wool directly from a local shepherd they visited) the bags now use duck down. Also, Liu and his team spoke directly with refugees to understand any additional features they would need. They found that refugees had no way to securely store valuables, especially at night, so each TravlerPack contains one outside storage compartment and five inside storage compartments. Each pack also has a built-in, detachable mosquito net and TravlerPacks can be zipped together to make one larger sleeping space for a family, or unzipped completely and used as a blanket.
When not being used, TravlerPack compresses down into a small sack, which can be worn over ­the shoulder like a messenger bag. This allows refugees to also wear a backpack and still have their hands free.
After initially reaching out to around 80 potential manufacturers, the team officially partnered with one in April to make the sleeping bags. Then they had to figure out the logistics of actually getting the sleeping bags into the hands of refugees.
The team reached out to many non-profits and organizations that turned it down because they had “little to gain by working with us and a lot of time and effort to lose,“ said Liu. Luckily, NuDay Syria, a non-profit with experience distributing goods to Syrian refugees, signed on to distribute the packs within resettlement areas in Northwestern Syria.
The group launched a GoFundMe campaign to raise $15,000 to send TravlerPacks to Syrian refugees, and has already reached its goal.
The team has held off on becoming an official company for the time being; they are waiting until after the GoFundMe campaign is completed. But the tentative plan is to become a non-profit. In the meantime, all money they make from the fundraising push will go directly to providing refugees with sleeping bags.
“We've been really lucky the whole way through,” Liu said. “This has been a journey of luck, intuition, and a lot of planning.”
Today December 1, the United States FBI is granted new powers to intrude into any computer anywhere on the globe, instantly changing the FBI from a random law enforcement agency to a global adversary. Law enforcement agencies are expected to be met with open arms and treated as good guys. There's not going to be any good guy treatment of the FBI here, and for good reason.
The U.S. FBI has been sort of a random law enforcement agency somewhere on the planet doing physical law enforcement work, kind of like the Bundespolizei in Germany would appear to an American, or the way the Policía Federal Argentina would appear to a European. Today, the FBI becomes a global adversary and enemy to every security-conscious computer user and to every IT security professional, similar to how the mass surveillance agencies are treated. The FBI has requested, and been granted, the lawful power (in the US) to intrude into any computer in the entire world. In 95% of the world, this makes the FBI no different from a Russian or Chinese criminal intruder, and it will be treated in the same way by people defending their systems; defending their homes.
This has happened under the boring legislative name of “changes to Rule 41”, and is (as always!) presented as nothing of particular interest. This is an old trick: when you want sweeping broad new powers without accountability, don't call it “sweeping broad new power without accountability”, but cloud it in a name so boring it will interest absolutely nobody. (This lawmaker trick was skillfully observed by John Oliver, who said we shouldn't call the peer-to-peerness of the Internet a boring term like “net neutrality”, but the more to-the-point “preventing cable company fuckery”.)
These “changes to Rule 41” put a lot of people in the FBI's crosshairs. As usual, most people think new powers for law enforcement can only target criminals – as in actual, violent criminals. This would be the reasonable course of action, but not so in this case, not so at all. Techdirt points out that anybody using encryption, or anybody trying to hide their identity or location, can be presumed to be engaged in crime (having a “guilty mind”, or mens rea in Legalese Latin) and therefore be a valid target.
This assertion is, of course, outrageous and preposterous.
Under this assertion, sources to reporters do not have a right to hide their identity: the FBI just invalidated most principles behind freedoms of the press. The EFF points out numerous other reasons why we want to protect people hiding their identity – such as domestic abuse victims. Further, everybody has a right to hide their location for any reason or no reason at any time (with a few exceptions like felons serving sentences with electronic shackles). In short, seeing this activity as suspicious is blatantly outrageous.
Actually, let's take that observation one step further: carrying an electronic ankle shackle is considered equivalent to serving a prison sentence. So when the FBI says out straight that nobody has a right to hide their location, what they're saying is that they want to reduce everybody's freedom to the equivalent of being in prison. That's a remarkable statement no matter how you twist it.
These sweeping new powers for the US FBI have not been without opposition. There were some last-minute efforts to stop it, but in the end, the new powers took effect and will now need a constitutional challenge.
A lot of this comes down to law enforcement's distorted self-image: since they have the lawful power to enter a residence on its own jurisdiction (a power backed on location by a half-dozen locked and loaded assault rifles with safeties off), they have taken for granted that they can and should enter anywhere they see themselves having a need to enter. In short, law enforcement is used to getting some sort of preferential treatment when breaking and entering using force. But when the FBI tries to break into my firewall in Switzerland, there's no jurisdiction, and there are no guns: there's going to be just me shooting their attempts down with complete prejudice, no remorse, and 100% justification. They're going to be treated no differently than any other criminal trying to break into my home.
If the FBI wants the ability to behave like a global adversary, it will be globally treated as an adversary.
The security industry has already announced its intent to this effect, to refusing to give law enforcement any kind of preferential treatment: Mikko Hypponen of F-Secure was crystal clear a decade ago when this was discussed last time, saying “Malware detectors will make no difference between adversaries based on whether they consider themselves lawful”, or something to that effect. An intruder is an intruder, plain and simple.
The FBI may have a very high horse to step down from. Just because it has been immediately accepted into houses when it's also pointing automatic rifles at the residents, that doesn't mean it's particularly welcome. When it doesn't carry guns and tries to intrude into computers, it will be ejected, rejected, and kicked out with force, lawful intrusion into a computer or not notwithstanding: an intruder is an intruder. And the FBI is about to become aware of that.
And as a final note, once the FBI breaks in to your computer at home, don't expect them to be able to protect their intrusion. The United States has proven itself utterly incapable of protecting its own dirtiest laundry, so it can't and won't protect the data it has stolen when breaking into your home.
Privacy remains your own responsibility.
Four words you never expected – or perhaps wanted – to hear; Daryl Somers is back.
However, when the veteran showman reappears on his alma mater Nine Network next year, it won't be as host of a nostalgic variety show. Instead, he'll be coaxing people out of a hypnotic slumber in a game show called You're Back In The Room, in which contestants try to win cash prizes while under a hypnotic spell.
Daryl Somers is coming back to TV sans Plucka Duck on Nine.
It's one of several new and returning shows that will air on the rebranded Nine Network in 2016.
"The New Network", as Nine primed itself during a slick "upfront" presentation that was never short on hyperbolic statements, marks what network executives are claiming is the arrival of the "most important evolution in Australian entertainment".
Spring is hailed as the season of rebirth, but if it comes too early, it can threaten the plants it is meant to welcome.
A University of Alberta study shows that climate change over the past 70 years has pushed some of the province's native wildflowers and trees into earlier blooming times, making them more vulnerable to damaging frosts, and ultimately, threatening reproduction.
U of A PhD candidate Elisabeth Beaubien and her supervisor, professor Andreas Hamann of the Department of Renewable Resources, studied the life cycle of central Alberta spring blooms, spanning 1936 to 2006, evaluating climate trends and the corresponding changes in bloom times for seven plant species.
Using thermal time models, the researchers found that the bloom dates for early spring species such as prairie crocuses and aspen trees had advanced by two weeks over the stretch of seven decades, with later-blooming species such as saskatoon and chokecherry bushes being pushed ahead by up to six days. The average winter monthly temperature increased considerably over 70 years, with the greatest change noted in February, which warmed by 5.3 degrees Celsius.
The study, funded by grants from NSERC and Alberta Ingenuity, appears in the July issue of Bioscience.
A second related study, published in the International Journal of Biometeorology, describes the development of the Alberta and Canada PlantWatch programs, which coordinate networks of citizen scientists who track spring development timing for common plants.
In gathering their data, Beaubien and Hamann built on a network of information about phenology -- the study of the timing of life cycle events -- that was started in 1936 by the federal agriculture department and has since been supplemented by the collaborative efforts of university biologists, government researchers and more than 650 volunteers from the general public.
My santa is an awesome dude! Holy crap this is amazing!
The package showed up on my doorstep and immediately I realized how heavy it was! Excitement intensified.
When I opened it, I could see how well it was packaged, nice and neat with bubble wrap and a thoughtful note (Merry Christmas to you too!).
As I started digging in, I couldn't believe the level of thought and detail that went into putting this gift together! I got a 30oz Yeti tumbler, which will do nicely for my morning coffee kick. A pint of Therapist from one of my Santa's local breweries -- I love IPAs so I'm excited to try it. Got a cool ducks unlimited flashlight and a clip on LED light with a laser. Beer with friggin laser beams!
Last, but not least, a huge assortment of bottle openers was included and some interesting little knives. I can only guess that these came from my Santa's personal collection, which he probably collected from all over California and each one I'm sure has an interesting story to tell. Thank you very very much for this OneBadagr it really means a lot!
1980 studio album by Monty Python
Professional ratings Review scores Source Rating Allmusic [1]
Monty Python's Contractual Obligation Album is the final studio album by Monty Python, released in 1980. As the title suggests, the album was put together to complete a contract with Charisma Records. Besides newly written songs and sketches, the sessions saw re-recordings of material that dated back to the 1960s pre-Python shows I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again, The Frost Report, At Last The 1948 Show and How To Irritate People. One track, "Bells", dates from the sessions for Monty Python's Previous Record, while further material was adapted from Eric Idle's post-Python series Rutland Weekend Television. The group also reworked material written but discarded from early drafts of Life Of Brian as well as the initial scripts for what would eventually become The Meaning Of Life.
The group had not recorded an all-studio album since Matching Tie and Handkerchief in 1973 and were initially unenthusiastic about returning to the recording studio. Fresh from co-producing the Life Of Brian soundtrack album, Eric Idle oversaw the sessions which resulted in over half the album consisting of songs. Beginning in January 1980, the group recorded reams of unused material during the sessions, much of which found its way on to the unreleased outtakes album Hastily Cobbled Together For A Fast Buck, although some previously unheard material was included on the compilations The Final Rip Off (1987) and Monty Python Sings (1989). In 2006 further unreleased tracks were added to the special edition CDs of Another Monty Python Record, Monty Python's Previous Record, Matching Tie And Handkerchief and the Contractual Obligation album itself. In 2014 three further tracks were added to the expanded Monty Python Sings (Again).
Due to the amount of cut material, the finished album features John Cleese on only three tracks (the reworkings of "String" and "Bookshop" plus a brief appearance at the start of Medical Love Song) while Terry Gilliam does not feature at all. Gilliam's absence was noted on the album's Basil Pao-designed cover, which featured a plain inner sleeve on which Eric Idle wrote "Can T.G. do a nice-eye catching cover to help it sell?", to which Terry Jones replies "Not really worth it". The record label shown on the cover has a fake track-listing with titles relating to the legal status of the contractual obligation. As with the Drury Lane album, the cover appears in a scene in Gilliam's 2005 film Tideland, although it is only visible in the 2.35:1 aspect ratio version.
The actual record label of the original UK vinyl release had the standard Charisma design made up to look like parts had been torn off, onto which the first side had "Side one" scribbled on in pen, with "The other side" written on Side 2. The traditional George Peckham runout groove messages read " EXCUSE THE PAUSE BETWEEN SIDES, WE'VE JUST NIPPED OUT TO THE PUB FOR A PINT " on Side 1 and " DEAR MUM PLEASE SEND ANOTHER CUPPA DOWN, STILL CUTTING THE PYTHON L.P. LOVE PORKY X " on Side 2.
A 3 track 7" single (CB 374) comprising I Like Chinese/I Bet You They Won't Play This Song on the Radio;Finland was released in the UK on 3 October 1980 to tie-in with the album.
Michael Palin appeared on the BBC's Top Of The Pops to promote the album, helping to give the group their highest chart position, peaking at No.13 on the UK album chart.[2] In this particular episode, Palin introduces the band Adam and the Ants who perform their hit song "Dog Eat Dog."
The 2006 special edition contains four bonus tracks consisting of contemporary promotional material and demo versions of two songs.
Controversies [ edit ]
Two tracks on the album caused controversy when first released.
The lead track, "Sit on My Face" was sung to the tune of "Sing as We Go," a song made famous by Gracie Fields, and reportedly its inclusion led to legal threats against the Python team for copyright infringement over the melody.[3] Nonetheless, the song was retained on the album and had already been lip-synched by Graham Chapman, John Cleese, Terry Gilliam and Terry Jones as the opening of the second half of Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl, shortly before the album's release (the song opens the heavily edited 1982 film version). The concert film also features Terry Jones twice miming to "Never Be Rude to an Arab". In 2014, "Sit on My Face" was featured in the 2014 Monty Python performance reunion concert series, Monty Python Live (Mostly), expanded into a production number.
"Farewell to John Denver," which contained a few bars of Eric Idle impersonating John Denver singing a parody of "Annie's Song," followed by the sound of the singer being strangled, was removed from subsequent pressings of the UK version on legal advice (reports differ as to whether it had to do with the licensing of "Annie's Song" or the depiction of the popular singer being murdered), and was replaced by an apology spoken by Terry Jones. In the U.S. there was no need to clear the John Denver parody, as parodies are covered under U.S. copyright law. Later CD releases of the album reinstated the John Denver track, but after Denver's death in a plane crash, the 2006 reissue reverted to Terry Jones' apology. (The original "Farewell To John Denver" track can be found on the Arista CD The Monty Python Instant Record Collection.) Original advance print advertising by Charisma Records included the tagline, "Now A Major Lawsuit."[4]
Other versions [ edit ]
As noted above, some pressings of Contractual Obligation Album omit the "Farewell to John Denver" track. The original UK vinyl pressing also contained an unintentionally out-of-sync mix on the song "I'm So Worried" which was subsequently corrected.
The original cassette version had an additional track due to Side 1 being several minutes shorter than side 2. At the end of Side 1 (about 0:45 after "I'm So Worried"), Michael Palin states that there will be a "tiresome gap" before the tape ends. Several minutes (about 4:52) of silence ensue, followed at the very end by Eric Idle stating that the gap was over and the tape may be turned to side 2. The amended UK cassette release (with the John Denver section removed and 'fixed' I'm So Worried) features an alternative message from Terry Jones at the end in place of the Michael Palin and Eric Idle messages.
Two tracks on the album were later released in expanded versions. "Henry Kissinger" featured an extra verse when it was included on the 1987 The Final Rip Off double compilation album, while the version of "Medical Love Song" on the 1989 Monty Python Sings compilation contains additional verses and a new arrangement by John Du Prez.
Ronnie Barker and Ronnie Corbett performed the original version of "String" on 27 April 1967 in The Frost Report episode "The Frost Report on Advertising". The original version of "Bookshop" from the 1 March 1967 episode of At Last the 1948 Show had John Cleese as the bookseller and Marty Feldman as the customer (the latter played by Graham Chapman on the Contractual Obligation version). Cleese had already resurrected the sketch on 8 May 1977 for the second Amnesty benefit concert An Evening Without Sir Bernard Miles (later re-titled as The Mermaid Frolics for TV broadcast and vinyl release), where Connie Booth played the customer against Cleese's bookseller. When Graham Chapman guested on NBC's variety show The Big Show in 1980, the 18 March edition featured a performance of the sketch, this time with Chapman switching roles as the bookseller playing against Joe Baker as the customer.
Some material had previously been published in written form. The Eric Idle monologue "Rock Notes" originally appeared as part of the "Rutland Stone" section in the 1976 Rutland Weekend Television spin-off book, The Rutland Dirty Weekend Book. "Martyrdom of St. Victor" (originally "St. Brian") and the "All Things Dull and Ugly" lyrics were lifted from 1979's MONTYPYTHONSCRAPBOOK.
Two bands drew their name from "Toad the Wet Sprocket", an imaginary group featured in "Rock Notes". The name had originally been featured in a parody of The Old Grey Whistle Test in episode 4 of the first series of Rutland Weekend Television in 1975. The first Toad the Wet Sprocket was a British heavy metal band of the 1970s, which released a few singles and appeared on the 1980 compilation album Metal for Muthas. The second Toad the Wet Sprocket was a longer-lived American alternative band of the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Track listing [ edit ]
Side One [ edit ]
Side Two [ edit ]
2006 bonus tracks [ edit ]
Contractual Obligation - Terry Jones And Graham Chapman Promotional Interview
Radio Ad Obligation Promo
Medical Love Song [Alternate Demo Version]
I'm So Worried [Demo Version]
Personnel [ edit ]
Additional performers [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
Eric Idle - producer
André Jacquemin - assistant producer and chief engineer
Rob Briancourt - assistant engineer
John Du Prez [credited under his real name, Trevor Jones] - musical production and arrangements
Basil Pao - sleeve design
Fred Tomlinson - musical director of backing vocals
Kevin Hodge - mastering engineer
Jim Beach is credited as "the lawyer the Pythons wronged"
Music credits [ edit ]
The following is the list of musical works included on the album. They comprise, for the most part, self-penned Python songs plus two pieces of library music from Ready Music Ltd.
Accolades [ edit ]
Grammy Awards
Year Award Result 1981 Best Comedy Album Nominated
Galactic wheel of life shines in infrared
by Staff Writers
Los Angeles CA (SPX) Oct 24, 2014
A new image from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope, taken in infrared light, shows where the action is taking place in galaxy NGC 1291. The outer ring, colored red in this view, is filled with new stars that are igniting and heating up dust that glows with infrared light. Image courtesy NASA/JPL-Caltech.
It might look like a spoked wheel or even a "Chakram" weapon wielded by warriors like "Xena," from the fictional TV show, but this ringed galaxy is actually a vast place of stellar life. A newly released image from NASA's Spitzer Space Telescope shows the galaxy NGC 1291. Though the galaxy is quite old, roughly 12 billion years, it is marked by an unusual ring where newborn stars are igniting.
"The rest of the galaxy is done maturing," said Kartik Sheth of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory of Charlottesville, Virginia. "But the outer ring is just now starting to light up with stars."
NGC 1291 is located about 33 million light-years away in the constellation Eridanus. It is what's known as a barred galaxy, because its central region is dominated by a long bar of stars (in the new image, the bar is within the blue circle and looks like the letter "S").
The bar formed early in the history of the galaxy. It churns material around, forcing stars and gas from their original circular orbits into large, non-circular, radial orbits. This creates resonances -- areas where gas is compressed and triggered to form new stars. Our own Milky Way galaxy has a bar, though not as prominent as the one in NGC 1291.
Sheth and his colleagues are busy trying to better understand how bars of stars like these shape the destinies of galaxies.
In a program called Spitzer Survey of Stellar Structure in Galaxies, or S4G, Sheth and his team of scientists are analyzing the structures of more than 3,000 galaxies in our local neighborhood. The farthest galaxy of the bunch lies about 120 million light-years away -- practically a stone's throw in comparison to the vastness of space.
The astronomers are documenting structural features, including bars. They want to know how many of the local galaxies have bars, as well as the environmental conditions in a galaxy that might influence the formation and structure of bars.
"Now, with Spitzer we can measure the precise shape and distribution of matter within the bar structures," said Sheth.
"The bars are a natural product of cosmic evolution, and they are part of the galaxies' endoskeleton. Examining this endoskeleton for the fossilized clues to their past gives us a unique view of their evolution."
In the Spitzer image, shorter-wavelength infrared light has been assigned the color blue, and longer-wavelength light, red.
The stars that appear blue in the central, bulge region of the galaxy are older; most of the gas, or star-making fuel, there was previously used up by earlier generations of stars. When galaxies are young and gas-rich, stellar bars drive gas toward the center, feeding star formation
Over time, as the fuel runs out, the central regions become quiescent and star-formation activity shifts to the outskirts of a galaxy. There, spiral density waves and resonances induced by the central bar help convert gas to stars.
The outer ring, seen here in red, is one such resonance area, where gas has been trapped and ignited into star-forming frenzy.
Image caption The Great Barrier Reef stretches for more than 2,600km (1,680 miles) along Australia's eastern coast.
The Queensland government has proposed a plan that would prevent sediment being dumped in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park.
The central government has already approved the reef dumping plan, which is linked to a major port expansion.
But the decision has proved hugely controversial, prompting stringent criticism from environmentalists.
The Queensland government said its plan to dispose of the sediment on land would "create a win-win situation".
"It will protect the unique values of the Great Barrier Reef and allow for the staged development of the important port of Abbot Point," State Premier Campbell Newman said in a statement.
Several companies want to use the Abbot Point port to export coal reserves from the Galilee Basin area in central Queensland. Late last year, the government approved an application for the coal terminal to be expanded.
Dredging is needed to allow bigger ships into the port, and earlier this year a plan to dump three million cubic metres of dredged sediment in the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park area was approved.
But scientists have warned the sediment could smother or poison coral, further damaging a reef already hit by climate change and other factors. The plan was also facing a legal challenge from a Queensland environmental group.
The Queensland government said that under its proposal, the dredged material could be dumped onshore at an existing site within the Abbot Point State Development Area.
The state government would now apply to the federal government for permission to dispose of the dredged material on land, it said.
"We will now ask Federal Environment Minister Greg Hunt to fast-track approval of our strategy under the Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation Act 1999 to ensure dredging for the expansion of Abbot Point can begin on schedule," Minister for State Development and Planning Jeff Seeney said.
Dredging is due to begin in 2015.
The Great Barrier Reef is the world's largest coral structure, rich in marine life.
It is a Unesco-listed World Heritage Site, but in recent years the UN body has warned that it could be put on its World Heritage in Danger list because of its worsening condition.
In August, a five-yearly report by the marine park authority said that the outlook for the reef was poor despite conservation efforts, with further deterioration expected in coming years.
Climate change remained the biggest threat to the site, the report said, but poor water quality from land-based run-off, coastal development and fishing also posed challenges.
44 SHARES Share Tweet
The biggest news the crypto community received this month was that China banned Initial Coin Offerings AND they they are shutting down all exchanges until they get proper legislation/regulations in place. However this could all end shortly after October 18th.
China's Leadership Election
In the west, new elections cause significant change for most governments, and this is also true in China. On October 18, 2017 the Communist Party of China will hold leadership elections. The elections are not democratic, but are internal elections to the chief seats of government within the Communist Party. The overall makeup of the Chinese Government can very well change drastically.
According to CoinTelegraph, “This election is an ‘odd year' (the last one was in 2012), meaning that it will likely contribute substantial changes to the governance of China. Most notably, the election will include the retiring of five of the seven current members of the Politburo, the main governing body of the Chinese government.”
Does This Mean the ICO Ban Will End?
No one knows for sure. However, we do know that there will be five new people out of the current seven who could have a different opinion on cryptocurrencies. Some sources are also saying that this “ICO and Exchange ban” may be more manipulation for seats and positions by current convention hopefuls than a genuine financially motivated decision.
Whatever the outcome is going to be, we'll find out soon after October 18th. My bet is that by November we'll hear more news regarding the whole situation down there, and they direction the Chinese government is going to go in.
We'll keep you updated.
SINGAPORE - An MRT train on the East-West Line was struck by lightning and stalled near Bedok station a little past 4pm on Monday (Nov 20). As a result, journey times between Tanah Merah and Paya Lebar were delayed for at least 10 minutes.
The westbound train heading towards the city stalled as it was approaching Bedok MRT station, Mr Patrick Nathan, SMRT's vice-president of corporate communications, told The Straits Times in a statement.
Passengers were detrained at Bedok station, and the train was withdrawn from service for investigation. After the incident, the train captain, who said he was unwell, received medical attention.
The captain was taken to Changi General Hospital around 4.20pm by a Singapore Civil Defence Force ambulance in a conscious and alert state.
ST understands that the train captain suffered numbness and chest pains.
Mr Nathan said SMRT is "currently investigating this incident as a possible lightning strike".
SMRT said in an update later on Monday night that the train captain would be warded on Monday night at CGH for further observation. The operator is in touch with the captain, his family and his doctors.
Trains on surface lines are occasionally struck by lightning, but operator SMRT has said that occupants are protected and are unlikely to be injured in such an event.
Mr Nathan said that each train is protected by a “Faraday Cage”, an enclosure formed by conductive material that blocks electric fields and electric currents such as lightning strikes.
"The cage conducts current around the outside of the enclosed space with none passing through the interior. If lightning strikes, the electric current will travel through the outside shell of the train, not through the cabin, and pass through the wheels to the track. The train is grounded to the track," he said.
The National Environment Agency had forecast thundery showers over northern, eastern and central Singapore in the late afternoon earlier in the day, at 2pm.
A spokesman for the Meteorological Service Singapore (MSS) told The Straits Times that lightning activity was detected in Singapore between 2pm and 6pm on Monday, mainly over the northern, central and eastern parts of the island.
"Around 3.37pm this afternoon, a cloud-to-ground lightning stroke was detected close to the Tanah Merah MRT station," said the spokesman.
A lightning stroke refers to a discharge of lightning between a cloud and the earth, especially one that causes damage.
On May 11, 2016, an SMRT train on the North-South Line was crippled by lightning just before 4pm, disrupting southbound services from Yishun to Yio Chu Kang stations.
Related Story Are commuters in an MRT train protected from lightning strikes?
An hour before the lightning incident on Monday, an alarm went off at Clementi station on the East-West Line.
When The Straits Times arrived at the station, about a dozen policemen and SMRT employees were seen checking an electrical box near the Emergency Stop Plunger switch.
The police later said it was a false alarm.
When I was about 19, I worked as a cook at a fast-food restaurant chain. Their roast beef sandwiches were advertised as having four ounces of roast beef in them. Did they? Well, the loaves of raw beef that were sent to our restaurant were 10 pounds each. Now, 10 pounds divided by four ounces equals 40 roast-beef sandwiches, right? Not so fast. They actually weighed less when they came out of the oven, due to water loss. The central office was apparently concerned by this loss of “meat,” because they put pressure on all the restaurants to keep their sandwich count high.
In fact, the central office provided bonuses to managers at the
restaurants who squeezed the most sandwiches out of those ten-pound
loaves. The ones with the least were punished. Being forced to compete
with each other for the most sandwiches, the restaurant managers were
all, no doubt, tempted to cheat. And when one restaurant cheats, all
the honest ones look bad by comparison.
So there I was, weighing out my four-ounce sandwiches, and one day my
supervisor came to me and said, “Somebody is making these sandwiches
too big. Never weigh out more than four ounces. In fact, if you weigh
a little less, that's okay.”
What an ethical dilemma! Should I keep weighing out four ounces and
risk getting in trouble or fired, or should I cheat the customers? It
was a bad position to put me in, all right.
So who was to blame?
This happened a long time ago, but it all came rushing back to me when
I read the news in USA Today that widespread standardized test
cheating had been found in Washington D.C. schools under
Chancellor Michelle Rhee (“When standardized test scores soared
in D.C., were the gains real?” Jack Gillum and Marisol Bello, USA Today, March 28, 2011.)
According to Aona Jefferson, a former D.C. principal, Rhee visited all the principals every year and asked them to guarantee a 10 percent increase in standardized test scores every year. Meanwhile, according to the USA Today article, Rhee had also been firing principals and teachers every year.
That's a setup for cheating. If you were told to cheat or lose your
job, what would you do?
That's why I was so angry to see a blog post in the online journal
Education Next blaming teachers, principals, and schools (although
there's no evidence at this point that they were the ones cheating),
and saying not a single word about Michelle Rhee or about the
high-stakes standardized testing (“Cheating and Other Deceptions About Students' Learning,” Bill Tucker, Education Next, April 1, 2011).
Scapegoating teachers is just adding insult to injury, and hiding the structural problems that caused the cheating in the first place is just setting it up to happen again. More principals and teachers pressured to get high test scores, more
parents deceived about how well their children are doing, and more
scandals.
So what kind of education do we want, anyway? The high-quality, honest
kind, or the three-ounce roast beef sandwich kind?
Let's not set up any more schools to cheat. No more high-stakes testing.
–Kristin
(Kristin is a founding member of Parents Across America, Seattle, and a frequent contributor to Seattle Education 2010.)
Four years ago this month—on July 2nd, 2008—Obama delivered a speech in Boulder, Colorado in which he promised the creation and establishment of a “Civilian National Security Force.” He further promised it would be “just as powerful, just as strong, just as well funded as the US Military.”
If one did not know better, one would think there is a move afoot to institute a complete Marxist insurgency in America with Obama at the top—and —at the leading edge.
We have seen Obama steadily assume dictatorial powers over apathetic Americans in just three and a half years. He has all but hushed the people's voice in government, the US Congress, by simply by-passing them and ruling by executive order—just like any other two-bit dictator. Some feel even the US Supreme Court has lost the steel from its collective spine under withering pressure from our budding domestic dictator, Obama.
It is well known amongst dictators, the world over, that a private army is necessary to control the great unwashed masses over which they force their rule.
“The things done in every Marxist insurgency are being done in America today.” ... Retired Lt. General William G.“Jerry” Boykin says in a new video he has just released . Boykin is a decorated former Delta Force Commander, US Deputy Under Secretary for Defense, and a recipient of the Purple Heart.
General Boykin is troubled by Obama's promise of a “Civilian National Security Force.” Boykin says the formation of such a force is included in the thousands of pages of the Obamacare Law, AKA: “The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act.” Boykin says such a police force would be at Obama's disposal and is similar to national police forces socialist tyrants used to complete their revolutions.
Then—there is the expected drive by Obama to regulate private gun ownership within the US, plus the nationalization of some leading industries, and even stricter regulation of key financial sectors of the US economy—and a pattern begins to emerge.
Boykin says all these moves by Obama fit the model used by societies when they move to Marxism.
We urge you to visit the site above and, while there, view General Boykin's video. It is jaw-dropping.
These private armies/secret police forces have had different names throughout history but their records drip with blood and power and tyranny.
Lets look at just a few:
The Praetorian Guard was a special force of household troops used by Roman Emperors. Augustus saw the need to establish a body of soldiers explicitly loyal to himself. Following the death of Sejanus the Guards began to play an increasingly ambitious and bloody game in the Empire. With the right amount of money, or at will, they assassinated emperors, bullied their own Prefects, or turned on the people of Rome. In 41 Caligula was killed by conspirators from the senatorial class and from the Guard. The Praetorians placed Claudius on the throne, daring the Senate to oppose their decision. In 1925 Adolf Hitler formed his own personal bodyguard called the Schutzstaffel (SS). The SS was a major Nazi organization under Adolf Hitler and the Nazi Party. The SS grew from a small paramilitary unit to an elite, powerful, force that served as the Fuhrer's “Praetorian Guard' the Nazi Party's “Shield Squadron” and a force with as much political influence as the regular German Armed Forces. Built upon the Nazi racial ideology, the SS, under Heinrich Himmler's command, is said to be primarily responsible for many of the war crimes perpetrated by the Nazis during World War Two.
In Obama's speech in Colorado back in 2008 he said this:
“We cannot continue to rely on our military in order to achieve the national security objectives that we've set. We've got to have a civilian national security force that's just as powerful, just as strong, just as well-funded.”
For those of you who traipsed into the voting booth and dropped a ballot for Obama, ask yourselves this: Has Obama described a “New National Brownshirts” organization to make sure you conform to the “Change” he promised to bring—and IS bringing?
Yes, it is called the “Civilian National Security Force.” But what will be its duties? What Obama described is another military unit separate from the current US Military.
Other countries have, or had, their national security forces. Countries like the old Soviet Union, Cuba, China, North Korea, and Venezuela, and in the past, Hitler's own “SS,” and let us not forget the Iranian “Revolutionary Guard.” Glancing over this list of nations…did you happen to notice any similarities among them?
Alan Caruba, a friend and fellow blogger, said in November 2008: “Barack Obama wants to institute a Civilian National Security Force, a vast militia not unlike Iran's Revolutionary Guard, a personal army. He knows he would need such a force to protect him and to enforce his will on Americans.” Alan went on to say: “If you want to see another civil war, just wait for this new security force to come into being. Obama would need it because the concept of Posse Comitatus forbids the use of the U.S. military to enforce laws within the nation. An army of domestic followers of “the One” would fill that need, assuming that all other law enforcement agencies failed to resist such a horrendous plan.”
Mr. Caruba is “spot on” as our Brit cousins used to say.
We have learned that ammunition sales and firearms sales are at an historical high currently within the United States. Americans are exercising their 2nd Amendment rights. Our forefathers put that amendment in the US Constitution for just such emergencies as the one we may be seeing develop right now.
Few American gun owners are aware that both Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton are leaning on the US Senate to ratify the UN's Small Arms Treaty which would regulate private gun ownership in America—superseding the US Constitution's 2nd Amendment. Even if the US Senate does not ratify that treaty, how sure are we that the Obama administration will not find a way to do the same thing through a Presidential executive order?
Some say the US Supreme Court will never allow that to happen. After what the SCOTUS just did—just days ago—by finding Obamacare constitutional—do you REALLY want to count on them to stand up to Obama? REALLY?
And what's to stop our wanna-be dictator President from regulating private ownership of guns in America —by executive order?
Now, here is the bone chilling truth: SOME American citizens will be, as usual, completely happy to allow the government to do whatever it wants as long as nothing is required of them. However, by and large, Americans will not sit idly by and allow a President (or a Congress) to go “rogue” on us without resisting with whatever means necessary.
At the risk of being referred to as some sort of Swamp Pundit, allow me to assure you it takes no special skill, no special talent, or gift, to know there will be domestic violence in America's future. The country is ruptured now—and seething with anger. Obama's tossing of salt into the wound with his own “Praetorian Guard” will have no curative effect. In fact, it could easily ignite the smoldering powder keg that is America today.
So what do we do?
First—make sure Obama is NOT reelected in November! Second—repeal Obamacare!
Remember: If Obama is reelected in 2012, the chances of an election, at all, in 2016 is almost nil.
Beyonce has reportedly caused Bradley Cooper's remake of A Star Is Born to stall because she demanded too much money.
The Crazy in Love singer was rumoured to be taking the lead role in Bradley's directorial debut but the entire project has now reportedly stalled because the amount Beyonce wanted to be paid was more than production executives at Warner Bros. were willing to spend.
"Beyonce wanted too much money, and Warner Bros. balked at her price," a source tells New York Post gossip column Page Six. "The production budget was also said to be an issue with the studio, so the project has fallen apart."
However, a different source insists, "Bradley has started reading scripts for his next acting project. But the ‘Star Is Born' project remains in development and Bradley is still involved."
Another insider reiterated the comments by saying the project has simply been put "on the back burner" but Bradley was still working on it.
The classic movie, which was first released in 1937, stars a wannabe singer who moves to Hollywood and is nurtured by an alcoholic and troubled actor. Judy Garland played the part in 1954, and was succeeded by Barbra Streisand in 1976.
Bradley was asked in December if the Beyonce reports were true, but he denied them, insisting it was "just a rumour". He added, "But with that said, (it) would be (an) honor obviously to work with her in any capacity."
Clint Eastwood was originally set to direct the remake but he later pulled out of the project after many delays.
He had been hoping to cast Beyonce in the role but her schedule made her casting difficult.
He told The Hollywood Reporter before he left the film, "They were talking about having Beyonce in it, and she was very popular, but she also is very active and it's hard to get a time scheduled, so we never could get that worked out."
on black [link]
texture [link] by *night-fate-stock
Frame from a short film I'm working on.I still remember when I finished this (didn't have the wonderful texture ) - it was in 2003 if I remember correctly just before my first exhibition. And when I say "just before" it means I finished it around 4am on Monday and I was supposed to set up my exhibition later that day at 10am. I printed it on 4 x A3 sheets and put them in a cheap frame so the whole thing was 60x80cm.Anyway the whole thing is programmed on the computer - the clouds move (made a short film with clouds moving on top of the labirynth). In time I changed the labirynth with this:It's a better labirynth, infinitely interconnected so every point is reachable. The thickness can be changed so that it can resemble the original. I'm still working on better clouds.For the film I have all the keyframes drawn down for quite a few years now. I have the music prepared - some excerpts from Mike Oldfield, Vangelis, Jean-Michel Jarre, Tangerine Dream and maybe a few others. I mostly know when each part comes in and I even narrated parts of the movie to some friends, on the music, and they could really see the imagery and connect the sounds with the elements in the film. So I am pretty excited about this but I wish I had time to work on it. Or funding. Or maybe both.
CLAY COUNTY, Fla. - A phone call from Republican headquarters in Clay County last week is raising a lot of questions and an apology from Republican leaders.
A campaign volunteer was recorded calling people and saying President Barack Obama is a Muslim who will take away Medicare.
One phone conversation was left on a answering machine after the campaign volunteer apparently did not disconnect her phone and went on to another call, not knowing she was being recorded.
UNCUT: Call from Clay County Republican headquarters
"You don't want Obama, you really don't want Obama, because he will get rid of your Medicare. You might as well say goodbye to it," the volunteer said.
What she said next is raising even more concern.
"I don't know if you've done any research on Obama or not, but he is a Muslim, he does get a socialistic view on the economy, the government, the whole nine yards," the volunteer said. "If he had his way, we would be a socialistic county."
The man who recorded the call in Polk County is a Republican who wants to remain anonymous. He traced the call back to Republican headquarters in Clay County. He gave the recording to a Tampa radio station, WMNF 88.5 FM, which aired the conversation.
"I thought it was pretty lousy," the man, in a phone interview, said of the volunteer caller's comments. "Especially the couple on there, they were an older couple and (the woman was) basically lying to them. That did not sit well with me."
Leslie Dougher, chair of the Clay County Republican Party, said the Republican Party is sorry this call occurred.
"It was her own personalized -- she was a volunteer, and they come in, they are told to stick to the script. She did not," Dougher said.
Clay County Democratic Chairman Tom Nazworth said he is not surprised by the call, but he thinks the Republican county chair should resign.
"They should monitor everything," Nazworth said. "We monitor our people when they make phone calls. They would have been asked to leave our headquarters."
Copyright 2012 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MALE/NEW DELHI: A 24-year-old Indian computer teacher was brutally raped in the Maldives and is in "very serious condition", prompting India to take up the matter with Maldivian government.
A young Indian teacher working on the island of Dhangethi in Alif Dhaal Atoll has been hospitalised after a group of people broke into her home on Sunday night and allegedly raped her, Minivan News reported.
The woman is in a "very serious condition" following the attack, Island Council President Azim Adam was quoted as saying.
India has strongly taken up the matter with the Maldivian authorities, official spokesperson in the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi.
He said Indian Mission's official in Male have spoken to the Maldives' acting Minister for Gender and Family Mariyam Shakeela seeking justice for the victim, a teacher at private computer school.
The Maldivians have assured India that the perpetrators of the crime will be brought to justice.
The official said two Indian officials including a woman officer from the mission met the victim at the hospital. The victim had to undergo blood transfusion.
Meanwhile, Adam said: "They broke in (to her house) around 2:15am. I came to know about it at 4:00am and I instantly reported it to the police. The girl is now in the atoll hospital in a very serious condition".
A source close to the victim said she was in the hospital's intensive care unit but was "bleeding uncontrollably", the Minivan News said.
"We have put seven pints of blood into her but she is still bleeding. It is a very serious issue. We are planning to send her to India, there is not much more we are able to do here," the source was quoted as saying.
Island Council President Adam said the young woman had been working on the island for less than a month, and described her as a "very kind person who was very friendly towards the local islanders".
Dhangethi is the third largest populated island of Alif Dhaal Atoll, with a population of around 1200 people.
Advocates of cannabis legalization like
emphasize that the substance should be kept away from children. But apparently Jack Duke, a 27-year-old Grand Junction resident, didn't get the memo.
Continue Reading
Duke's been arrested on suspicion of teaching two of his daughters, ages six and seven, how to smoke pot -- and because of previous convictions and a new get-tough law, this alleged act of very bad parenting could earn him a minimum of 36 years behind bars.
The arrest warrant for Duke that's on view below features redactions in regard to the children's names, addresses and phone numbers -- but it still manages to tell a startling tale.
On September 24, the document says a detective was contacted by staffers at Nisley Elementary in Grand Junction after a six-year-old girl "was caught in the bathroom of the school attempting to start a fire with a Bic lighter and a wad of toilet paper." Afterward, the girl told administrators "that when she doesn't feel good, she smokes 'weed' with her dad, and her dad blows the smoke in her face." She then went on to demonstrate the proper breathing and hand-waving technique to get the maximum jolt, adding that she "doesn't like to smoke the seeds."
The girl also drew pictures, including one of a figure identified as her dad holding a pipe and a bag.
In a subsequent interview, Duke's wife, Laura, admitted that she and her husband smoked marijuana, but denied supplying it to their kids; they have four, ranging from nineteen months to seven years. She then consented to a search of the home, which is described in the warrant as slovenly in the extreme: dirty clothing piled on the couch, soiled diapers on the floor near a toilet and "a large, approximately five to six foot long snake" -- identified as a boa constrictor -- in a cage next to the bed in the children's room."
Also located: a small bag of marijuana, a couple of bongs and more paraphernalia, all accessible to the children, who have been placed in the custody of their grandparents. Hair and urine samples were obtained from the six- and seven-year old under a search warrant signed by a local judge, and while toxicology reports aren't back yet, Duke allegedly told investigators he expects they'll come back "hot."
But he didn't say this right away.
According to the arrest warrant, Duke admitted to using marijuana because it helps prevent him from "flipping out on people" and cope with issues like Laura's recent rape and the death of his grandfather. He claimed to have first smoked marijuana when he was four-years old, and although he isn't a medical marijuana cardholder, because "he cannot get a doctor's recommendation," he reportedly told an investigator that he believes the substance has medical qualities that helped him do better in school and assisted him in "getting out of special ed."
Nonetheless, he initially denied giving his two older daughters marijuana -- although he said he would "allow his kids to make the choice on whether or not they wanted to smoke marijuana" if the substance was legalized.
Later, however, Duke allegedly "admitted that he had allowed his daughter to smoke marijuana because she was 'puking" -- and that he'd done so on other occasions for both of his older daughters over the previous two years. In regard to the six-year old, Duke said he loaded his pipe for her and helped her when lighting it, "as she had problems manipulating the lighter and the pipe."
This narrative is accompanied by a list of eight counts -- two involving distribution of marijuana to a child under fifteen, two for contributing to the delinquency of a minor, and two involving child abuse or neglect without injury, plus possession of less than one ounce of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. And the potential penalties if he's convicted could really add up fast.
That's the word from Mesa County Chief Deputy District Attorney Dan Rubinstein, who notes that Duke is the first person in his jurisdiction who'll be charged under the dictates of HB 1352, a new measure signed by Governor Bill Ritter in May that went into effect on August 11. The law reduces penalties for some drug-related offenses, but boosts them for anyone supplying marijuana to someone under age fifteen.
"The charge itself is a non-extraordinary risk class 3 felonies, with a sentence of four-to-twelve years," Rubinstein explains. "It can go to 24 years with extraordinary aggravating circumstances, and it also requires a mandatory prison sentence."
Rubinstein adds that Duke has two prior convictions -- "a second-degree sexual assault out of Utah in 2004 and a first-degree trespass of an auto out of Colorado in 2001," he says. "And there's also a pending 2009 failure to register as a sex offender."
As such, Duke may well be dubbed a habitual criminal when Mesa County issues formal charges on October 12. If this decision is made, Rubinstein notes, "it would be a mandatory 36 year sentence for each count -- and depending on whether or not we file charges on him distributing to each of the two different children on different occasions, those sentences could run concurrently or consecutively."
In the meantime, Duke remains behind bars on a whopping $500,000 bond, the size of which suggests the judge's opinion about the alleged offenses.
As for Rubinstein, he sees some of Duke's comments in the arrest affidavit as indicative of worrisome attitudes about marijuana in general that he feels have been exacerbated by the rise of medical marijuana.
"One of the main concerns we've had about the medical marijuana push is the manner in which it's come about," he says. "The medicinal use of it has become a farce. It's frequently not being used for medicinal purposes, and that's led to the social norming of marijuana.
"The allegations don't allege that Mr. Duke was in lawful possession of marijuana. He does not have a medical marijuana card, but he did express to law enforcement his belief that he was using it for medicinal purposes -- that it helps him handle things -- and that he thinks it should be legal. And he also made statements in the affidavit that he was giving it to his kids for that purpose. But even though anything that has intoxicating effects, alcohol included, will make you feel better, that doesn't mean it's medicinal."
Page down to read the arrest affidavit.
(NaturalNews) The subject of a recent federal lawsuit, routine blood samples legally taken from Texas newborns to screen for disorders and diseases were illegally being kept by the Texas Department of State Health Services without parental consent. Found to have begun holding and retaining such blood samples since 2002, the agency is being sued on behalf of the children's parents by the Texas Civil Rights Project.Legislation passed in May 2009 allows for blood samples to be retained indefinitely but allows parents to opt out if they wish to do so. However the lawsuit maintains that all blood samples obtained prior to the legislation be destroyed in cooperation with the law at that time. While the Health Department has agreed to destroy the samples, which have been preserved as blood spot cards, it is requesting permission to keep the blood samples of 400 children whose blood tested positive for certain atypical disorders.The lawsuit is demanding no financial restitution for the state's crimes, citing only privacy concerns and the principle of holding the government accountable when it violates the rights of its people. According to Andrea Beleno, an Austin mother and plaintiff in the suit, people must stand up and oppose governmental lawlessness otherwise nobody will.An agreement was reached on December 14 whereby the Center must destroy all samples within 120 days unless the state receives written permission to retain specific samples. The Health Department must also inform the parents who were plaintiffs in the suit how their children's blood samples were used and if any financial transactions took place during the research process. All projects must also be published on the agency's newborn screening website.Spokesmen from Texas A&M's Health Science Center, the facility where the blood cards were being stored, expressed relief that a settlement has been agreed upon and the lawsuit dismissed, but it mourned the loss of what it described as a "superb database" that would have helped to prevent future birth defects in children.The Health Department has agreed to comply fully with the new law concerning blood sample retention and is assuring parents that all information will be kept confidential and privacy maintained. The agency hopes that new parents will be willing to voluntarily allow their children's blood samples to be retained for research purposes that could lead to novel new treatments for serious medical problems.Sources for this story include: http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/metropol...
WASHINGTON -- Piecemeal efforts to ease the impact of federal sequestration budget cuts are counterproductive and may end up costing taxpayers more, according to a report from congressional Democrats.
The report, put together by Democrats on the House Appropriations Committee and their ranking member, Rep. Nita Lowey (D-N.Y.), is the third installment in a series outlining the impact of sequester-related cuts. The report, provided to The Huffington Post in advance of its Wednesday release, is blunt, arguing that Congress has made the impact of sequestration worse by adjusting individual parts, rather than pursuing a larger fix.
"A few departments and agencies have found ways to mitigate some very specific impacts of sequestration," the authors wrote. "However, these strategies merely replace one set of cuts with cuts to other parts of the same agency. All will have an impact, and nearly all will have to be made up with future appropriations."
"Piecemeal efforts to manage sequestration are counterproductive," the report concluded. "They often require underfunding long-term needs to mitigate short-term pain. In many instances, the annual savings mask increased longer-term costs."
To illustrate this point, the Democrats on the House Appropriations Committee looked at the efforts made by Congress to end the furloughing of air traffic controllers shortly after complaints surfaced over flight delays. While the Federal Aviation Administration was granted flexibility to end those furloughs, it came "at the expense of another priority," the report said. In this case, the FAA can no longer fund construction projects with discretionary funds. Officials estimated the costs of congestion and delays at airports will exceed $34 billion by 2020.
Food safety inspectors were also spared the hit of sequestration. But here too, congressional Democrats pointed out that the cost was only moved elsewhere, with funding taking the hit for U.S. Department of Agriculture building maintenance and for a program to upgrade school kitchen equipment.
"Again, sequestration forced a difficult sacrifice of long-term necessities to avoid short-term pain," the report concluded.
Much of the 26-page report is devoted not to the fixes made to sequestration, but to the impacts to come. Under the sequester, $85 billion will be cut this fiscal year, and an estimated $1 trillion will be cut over the next decade.
The report predicted that taxpayers may end up paying more because of the indiscriminate and shortsighted nature of the cuts.
Take, for instance, the $50 million reduced from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's geostationary weather satellite program. "The cut will cause a 3-6 month satellite launch delay," the report said. "The delay, as with any construction delay, ends up raising the cost to taxpayers over the next few years, in this case by up to $200 million."
Then there is the case of federal public defenders, facing steep reductions in funding.
"Reductions in the Federal Defender Services account actually cost the taxpayer money in the form of private attorneys," the report said. "If the Federal Defender cannot accept a case due to sequestration (as many are currently experiencing), representation is provided by private panel attorneys, who are paid at a higher cost than Federal Defenders."
Those dreaded flight delays, the authors noted, may still end up a reality. Sequestration cuts to the Transportation Security Administration "may not currently impact wait times for travelers moving through our nation's airports, but TSA anticipates an increase in the number of delays during the peak summer travel months," the report said.
Other highlights in the report:
Research projects will feel the budget cuts, with the National Institutes of Health estimating that it will support 1,357 fewer grants in fiscal 2013 than in fiscal 2012.
The Department of Energy will face challenges "remediating the contamination from the nation's nuclear weapons development effort" because of a $430 million cut.
Rural rental assistance for those in need will be hit, with an estimated 15,000 aid recipients expected to get less while an estimated 70,000 children "will lose access to Head Start and Early Head Start."
The Forest Service will enter the 2013 firefighting season with 500 fewer firefighters.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will place fewer vaccines, drugs and supplies into the national stockpile used for "countermeasures needed to respond to bioterrorist attacks."
Sequestration, the report ominously concluded, may hamper the Department of Defense in confronting pressing national security issues.
"In total," the report said, "DoD estimates the shortfall caused by sequestration in the operation and maintenance accounts is $22 billion for the remainder of FY 2013. The significance of degraded readiness is that units, other than those deploying to Afghanistan (e.g., units that may respond to crises in Syria, Iran or the Korean Peninsula), will not have completed the training necessary to conduct the full range of assigned tasks."
Story highlights "Would I do it again? Absolutely," Edward Snowden says of leaking documents
"We need a watchdog that watches Congress," the NSA leaker says from Russia
"There's a political response that needs to occur," but also "a tech response"
He speaks via teleconference to SXSW tech conference in Texas
In a rare public talk via the Web, fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden urged a tech conference audience Monday to help "fix" the U.S. government's surveillance of its citizens.
He spoke via teleconference from Russia to an audience of thousands at the South by Southwest Interactive Festival in Austin. The event marked the first time the former National Security Agency contractor has directly addressed people in the United States since he fled the country with thousands of secret documents last June.
In response to a question, Snowden said he had no regrets about his decision to leak the NSA documents, which showed the intelligence agency has conducted secret monitoring of Americans' phone and Internet behavior in the name of national security.
"Would I do it again? Absolutely. Regardless of what happens to me, this is something we had a right to," he said.
"I took an oath to support and defend the Constitution. And I saw the Constitution was being violated on a massive scale," he added, to applause from the 3,000 people in the auditorium at the Austin Convention Center.
JUST WATCHED The trick behind Snowden leaks revealed Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The trick behind Snowden leaks revealed 01:59
JUST WATCHED Edward Snowden a no show at Sochi Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Edward Snowden a no show at Sochi 01:16
JUST WATCHED Boss: Snowden worst spy in U.S. history Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boss: Snowden worst spy in U.S. history 00:31
"South by Southwest and the tech community, the people in the room in Austin, they're the folks who can fix this," Snowden said earlier. "There's a political response that needs to occur, but there's also a tech response that needs to occur."
He appeared on video screens with a copy of the U.S. Constitution as a backdrop. The live stream was slow, repeatedly freezing Snowden's image onscreen.
The pair of American Civil Liberties Union lawyers who hosted the discussion said Snowden's video, ultimately delivered via Google Hangouts, was streamed through several routers for security.
Snowden also said Internet users need more awareness, and better tools, to help them secure their online information from prying eyes.
While tech geeks may have no problem using encryption tools to scramble their messages or accessing the more-private "deep Web" via clients like Tor, Snowden said the average Web user should be able to access similar protections.
"This is something that people have to be able to interact with, and the way we interact with it now is not that good," he said.
Snowden took questions from two moderators -- the ACLU's Chris Sogohian and Ben Wizner, his legal counsel -- from the audience, and from Twitter. The first, fittingly, came from Tim Berners-Lee, who created the World Wide Web 25 years ago this week. Berners-Lee asked Snowden what he would change about the nation's surveillance system.
"We need public oversight ... some way for trusted public figures to advocate for us. We need a watchdog that watches Congress, because if we're not informed, we can't consent to these (government) policies."
Asked about the difference between government surveillance and snooping by private Internet companies, Snowden said he considers government surveillance more insidious because "the government has the ability to deprive you of rights. They can jail you."
Snowden, a former CIA employee and NSA contractor who fled the United States after leaking details of the American government's spy programs, was granted temporary asylum in Russia last year.
He faces felony charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States, and he has said he won't return until the U.S. changes its whistleblower protection laws.
Reaction among SXSW audience members to Snowden's comments appeared mixed.
"I think it was right on," said Michael Chalcraft, a retired software entrepreneur from Seattle. "There's always a balance between what the government should know about us and what we would expect to be private.
"If we're not constantly protecting that privacy, then we give it up."
But Megan Betterman, a health-care marketer from Minneapolis, didn't hear everything she wanted from Snowden.
"I wanted to hear about what his life is like there (in Russia), and whether he'll ever come back to the U.S.," she said. "It (his talk) was very encryption-heavy."
More than 30,000 attendees are currently in Austin for the 10-day SXSW festival, which began Friday and wraps on March 16.
The Texas Tribune, a nonprofit media organization, live streamed the session.
Also scheduled to speak at the tech-themed conference Monday afternoon -- although in person -- was journalist and civil-liberties lawyer Glenn Greenwald, who broke the story about Snowden's leaks of classified NSA documents.
Snowden's call for developers to create secure, private networks for their users is less of a no-brainer at South by Southwest than it may have once been. Having emerged from the counter-culture of the early Web, SXSW Interactive has exploded in recent years as more businesses have sought to tap into successful startups' millions of users.
In the same Austin convention hall where Snowden called for new privacy tools, other sessions were helping entrepreneurs learn how to make money with the data they collect about the users of their products.
A couple of months ago, Dutch architect Janjaap Ruijssenaars announced that he was building a curvy, loopy and for some reason, largely see-through building, to be made with the help of Enrico Dini's D-Shape 3D printer. The project would cost up to 5 million euros ($6.4 million) and be completed in 2014.
Universe Architecture Janjaap Ruijssenaars's twisty, loopy 3D-printed building.
Another group quickly piped up, declaring that a similar project they were working on would be done even faster and cheaper. London-based Softkill Design intends to fabricate a web-like building and what's more, it says it will need just three weeks to print the structure—and only a single day to assemble it, which it plans to do at some point later this year.
Softkill Design's web-like confection of a building.
This month, another Dutch company jumped into the fray. DUS Architects plans to use a 20-ft-tall 3D printer to build a house along an Amsterdam canal. It's also going to do it by the end of the year. Take that, Ruijssenaars.
DUS Architects plan to use non-traditional 3D printing methods to build a traditional house along a canal in Amsterdam.
3d house-printing—it certainly sounds like a brilliant idea. Why bother hiring masons and carpenters and plumbers when you can buy a machine and print out your own abode? Goodbye, apartment blocks. Hello, homemade homes.
But what does this 3d house-printing actually mean? And if it's so groovy, how come no one has done it yet?
How it works
Steven Keating, Mediated Matter Group A cast concrete sample detailing the resolution of the combined additive (3D printing) and subtractive (robotic milling) fabrication process being developed.
First, the basics: Simply put, 3D printing works through a process of layering. The printer reads a file, much as a deskjet would read an image, and then translates that into a physical object the way your printer spits out ink on a page—one strip at a time.
The “ink” in a 3D printer is a material—often plastic—that shoots out of a nozzle and onto a platform. If a printer is making a coffee mug, for instance, it will gradually layer up a ring until it reaches the top. You could call it a bottom-up process.
But you would never want to print a coffee mug, not even a silly one. For the moment, the cool thing about the technology is that it's better suited to protoyping shapes rather than reproducing existing ones. Plus, gift shops the world over have shown us that novelty mugs are always a bad idea.
Say you were a design enthusiast, though, and wanted to make a chair in an unconventional form. With a 3D printer, that would cost the same to produce as the sort of vanilla chairs you pick up at Ikea. That's because 3D printers don't constrain the imagination with mundane restrictions like molds, human labor or cost. If you can dream it—and get a design for it—you can print it. It gives designers the freedom to imagine all sorts of kooky things in much the same way that advances in printing equipment freed graphic artists from the tyranny of movable type.
3D printing big things is a challenge
Steven Keating, Mediated Matter Group Printing with foam at MIT's Media Lab. Note the low resolution layers.
Things get tricky when it comes to large-scale projects, such as houses. The most obvious problem is one of scale. Just as you cannot print a billboard on a laserjet that can, at most, accept A3 sheets, you can't print a entire house on existing 3D printers.
Building a bigger printer is not the answer. A skyscraper would require a machine that is bigger than it. And as printers get bigger, there is a trade-off between resolution and speed, says Steven Keating, a graduate student who works on large-scale 3D printing with Neri Oxman, an architect, designer and academic in the Mediated Matter group of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Media Lab.
Steven Keating, Mediated Matter Group A large-scale 3D printer at work.
“You're printing in finite-size layers,” Keating tells Quartz. “Imagine doing it with toothpaste. The thickness of that toothpaste is basically the resolution of your product. Every time you make that layer smaller, thinner, you increase the time it takes.”
Ruijssenaars is getting around these problems by building in bits and then putting them together on-site. Keating and Oxman have something similar in mind for their own 3D-printed building project. Like Ruijssenaars, they will print shells to later be filled in with concrete on the inside and be sanded down to look finished on the outside.
Softkill disapproves of these methods, dismissing concrete-filled structures as impure applications of 3D printing. While its house will also be printed in parts and assembled later, the company says it will be entirely 3D-printed with a light, plastic material. Its web-like configuration will make it strong enough to bear loads.
Printing with swarms
Atif Javed and Steven Keating, Mediated Matter Group A computer rendering of a concept for distributed mobile 3D printing of formwork for a building. Here, multiple small robots can work together in a swarm fashion to additively fabricate structures much larger than themselves, similar to termite mound construction.
There are other ideas too. The MIT group is experimenting with fitting its printer on a truck to increase its footprint. It is also looking into using “swarms” of 3D printers to work on different bits of a structure.
Atif Javed and Steven Keating, Mediated Matter Group MIT's printer bot prototype.
But if it's so much trouble, why bother printing houses when building them with lumber or bricks and mortar has served humanity's needs for hundreds of years? There are three key benefits. The first is that 3D printing is cheaper. As a design becomes more complex, the cost of 3D printing drops substantially relative to traditional building methods.
It is also safer for both the people building the houses and for those living in them. Structures with curves are stronger. Pillars with greater density towards their edges are sturdier. And fewer construction workers means fewer injuries and deaths (though it also means fewer jobs).
But perhaps the best part about 3D-printing houses is that it lets architects dream up all sorts of fantastic structures that would be either too difficult or too expensive to make with conventional methods. A 3D-printed house wouldn't need to conform to our traditional ideas of what a home looks like (which makes DUS Architects' design look rather unadventurous). Indeed, that would be to miss the point.
It's what architects like Frank Gehry and Le Corbusier first imagined possible with concrete, except that 3D printing has the potential to be several orders of magnitude cheaper, easier and more efficient.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
New research has found that many leading insurance providers in the UK are still sending gay men for unnecessary HIV tests.
In a survey insurance company staff were all asked to provide their company's limit at which an applicant would be sent for an HIV test.
Two companies, Royal Liver and Bright Grey, were praised for their industry-beating limit of £1,000,000 of cover without HIV testing for gay men within a civil partnership.
However, 80% of frontline customer service staff of insurance companies covered in the study by gay financial advisers Compass gave incorrect information around gay men and insurance.
Legal General and Scottish Equitable were highlighted as the worst offenders, since they both have the lowest limits at which they would ask for testing.
“It's remarkable that so many insurance companies, apparently trained to look after Independent Financial Advisers and customer applications, are falling down when looking after gay clients,” said Chris Morgan, Managing Director of Compass and a member of the Association of British Insurers (ABI) Working Party on HIV.
“Although no direct instances of homophobia were uncovered, it is disappointing that the gay and lesbian community are such a low priority in the insurers eyes.
“Following the introduction of the Goods and Services Act in 2007, most insurance companies mended their ways, but it seems that some are still dragging their feet.
“Our survey findings will be presented to the industry watchdog.”
The second version of the ABI Gay Men's Insurance Guide, including new paragraphs for Civil Partnership couples, will soon be freely available through the ABI website www.abi.org.uk, or by phoning Compass Independent Financial Advisers on 0800 783 8629.
The Sexual Orientation Regulations, which became law last year, contain an opt-out for insurance companies that allows them to continue to discriminate on the grounds of sexual orientation.
The SORs protect gay, lesbian and bisexual people from discrimination when accessing goods and services.
Regulation 27 provides an exception to the SORs where a person is treated less favourably on grounds of his sexual orientation in relation to an annuity, or life insurance policy, or similar matter.
The small print of the regulations, published in March 2007, make clear that insurance companies will have to argue to retain this exemption after 2008.
There is a similar provision in gender and disability equality legislation that allows insurers to use actuarial data to decide on which premiums to charge.
A spokeswoman for the government department responsible for the SORs, Communities and Local Government, pointed to the code of practice operated by the Association of British Insurers.
Over 95% of the insurance industry abide by the ABI code.
“According to the code insurers should not ask about someone's sexual orientation or negative HIV tests as a factor in considering insurance, but they might ask about lifestyles or behaviour, regardless of sexual orientation, that might put an individual at greater risk,” said the spokeswoman told PinkNews.co.uk last year.
The burden of proof that Regulation 27 should be retained will fall on the insurance industry.
“Insurance companies will have to comply with the regulations, so prejudice against gay people will not be a reason for charging someone an extortionate premium for their mortgage insurance,” explained the DCLG spokeswoman.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad voices solidarity with the Iranian nation in the wake of a pair of Daesh attacks in Tehran, saying the two nations will eventually emerge victorious in their battles against terrorism.
In a Thursday phone conversation with his Iranian counterpart, Hassan Rouhani, Assad offered heartfelt condolences to the Iranian nation over the deaths of 17 citizens in two Daesh terror attacks.
On Wednesday, Iran's Parliament and the mausoleum of the late founder of the Islamic Republic Imam Khomeini came under attack by Daesh-affiliated armed men.
Read more:
The assaults, the first claimed by Daesh on Iranian soil, killed at least 17 people and injured some 50 more people. The Iranian Intelligence Ministry has identified the five assailants involved in the two incidents.
Read more:
Assad further said Syria will stand by Iran in the battle against terror, adding that the “resort by terrorists and their masters to such cowardly measures shows their failure in dealing a blow to Iran and its people.”
People gather outside the Iranian parliament during an armed attack inside the building in downtown Tehran, June 7, 2017. (Photo by Tasnim)
The masters of terrorists are using their mercenaries to make their desired political changes, said the Syrian president, emphasizing, however, that “Iran and Syria will eventually emerge victorious in the fight against savage terrorism.”
Rouhani, in turn, said what happened in Tehran on Wednesday cannot shake Iran's resolve to fight terrorism.
He said the Islamic Republic will keep up its support for Syria until the full restoration of calm and security to the Arab country.
Over the past years, the Islamic Republic has been providing military advisory support to Syria and neighboring Iraq, where the Takfiri Daesh terror group is mainly active. Backed by the Islamic Republic, the two Arab countries have made numerous gains against the terrorist groups on various fronts.
With 3.58 million under-25s in the euro area jobless in October, youth unemployment is a scar that shows little sign of healing
The crisis facing the younger generation across the Eurozone worsened last month as youth unemployment hit a new record high of 24.4% with under-25s in Spain, Italy and Portugal finding it harder to get jobs.
The grim news on on employment came as the Netherlands was stripped of its prized AAA credit rating despite the country's recent exit from a year-long recession.
Ratings agency Standard & Poor's said on Friday that weakening growth prospects showed the country would struggle to improve its financial stability and generate new jobs.
It said: "The downgrade reflects our opinion that the Netherlands' growth prospects are now weaker than we had previously anticipated, and the real GDP per capita trend growth rate is persistently lower than that of peers."
It cited weakening consumer demand, high levels of personal debt and falling house prices for keeping consumer spending and tax receipts low in the next few years. One in four Dutch homebuyers is in negative equity as a result of falling property values.
Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the Dutch finance minister, said S&P's downgrade to AA+ was disappointing when the economy had returned to growth.
S&P's action leaves only three members of the eurozone with a top rating from all three agencies – Germany, Luxembourg and Finland.
The Eurozone jobless data showed Spain's youth unemployment rate has now increased to 57.4%, only marginally below Greece's August high of 58% - which remains the highest rate of youth unemployment for any country in the eurozone's history. Italy's youth unemployment rate rose to 41.2%, from 40.5% the previous month. In Portugal, it rose to 36.5% from 36.2%.
The startling figures from southern Europe contrast with rates in the north where Germany has a 7.8% youth unemployment rate and the Netherlands an 11.6% rate.
Italy's credit rating is perilously close to entering junk status and Rome is lobbying hard in Brussels for more time to cut the country's annual deficit. The coalition government headed by Enrico Letta said on Friday it would call a fresh confidence vote in parliament, despite winning a vote earlier in the week, to confirm his government's majority after the withdrawal of Silvio Berlusconi's Forza Italia party from the ruling coalition.
Letta said the vote would be held after his centre-left Democratic party elects a new leader on 8 December, and would be based on a new agenda for 2014 which would be discussed with coalition partners.
"The confidence vote will allow us to pass from defence into attack," said Letta, whose government is backed by the Democratic party, a centrist group Civic Choice and a centre-right group that broke away from Forza Italia.
Considering the chaos in Italian politics and the credit rating downgrades affecting some of the EU's traditional paymasters, France and the Netherlands in particular, there are still many analysts who fear for the eurozone's growth prospects over the next decade.
Youth unemployment also remains a scar that shows little sign of healing. While the adult unemployment rate fell across the eurozone from 12.2 to 12.1%, 3.6m under-25s are now unemployed, an increase of 15,000 on the previous month.
A 22-year-old Alexandria man has been charged with shooting at military buildings in the D.C. region last fall, and federal officials said in court papers that he videotaped himself shouting “Allah Akbar” after he fired shots at the U.S. Marine Corps museum in October.
Yonathan Melaku, a Marine Reservist, was taken into custody Friday under suspicious circumstances at Arlington National Cemetery. He had been carrying a backpack that held plastic baggies with ammonium nitrate, a material that can be used to make a bomb, as well as a notebook that included references to Osama bin Laden and “The Path to Jihad.”
Melaku was charged Thursday with two counts each of damaging U.S. property by shooting, and discharging a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
At a news conference Thursday morning, prosecutors and the FBI declined to comment on Melaku's motivation in the shootings.
Yonathan Melaku. (LCSO)
“Today's charges allege a pattern of violent behavior...we believe his statements that he's targeting military installations speak to his desire to engage in violent activity against the military,” U.S. Attorney Neil H. MacBride said.
Federal officials said in court papers that between Oct. 16 and Nov. 2 Melaku fired shots at five military sites around the region. The shootings began Oct. 16 or early the next morning when shots were fired into the windows of the National Museum of the Marine Corps at Triangle. The Pentagon was hit a few days later. A U.S. Marine recruiting center in Chantilly was hit Oct. 25. Then, a shooter fired again on the Marine Corps museum Oct. 28, and on Nov. 1 shot a window at a U.S. Coast Guard recruiting center in Woodbridge.
In each instance, the shots were fired overnight or early in the morning when there were few people around, and authorities said at the time that they did not think the shooter aimed to harm anyone. They said they suspected the shooter might have been a Marine or someone with a grievance against the Marine Corps.
But on Thursday, federal officials weren't so sure. “I can't suggest to you his motivations or intent,” said James W. McJunkin, assistant director in charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office. “It's not readily apparent yet.”
McJunkin and other officials would not comment on Melaku's faith.
The FBI reported that Melaku joined the Marine Corps Reserve on Sept. 4, 2007, and has been awarded the National Defense Service Medal and the Selected Marine Corps Reserve Medal. He has never been deployed overseas nor had any documented mental or disciplinary issues, the Marines said.
Authorities said in the court papers that Melaku was found on Fort Myer in Arlington at 1:30 a.m. Friday and was approached by the base police. He fled and dropped a backpack.
He was found later Friday morning at Arlington National Cemetery. At first, he refused to identify himself, and he had no identification on him, authorities said in court papers.
Authorities said they found spent 9mm shell casings, the plastic baggies later found to contain ammonium nitrate, work gloves and a headlamp in the backpack.
The spiral notebook that mention Osama bin Laden also included a reference to “defeat coalition and allies and America” and a list of people associated with foreign terrorist organizations, officials said in court papers. They did not specify which organizations or people were included on that list.
They also searched Melaku's bedroom and found a video in a desk that showed him driving by the Marine Corps Museum and firing repeatedly out of the passenger window. Melaku appeared to be alone in the car and authorities think he positioned a camera to record the shooting, court papers say.
"Alright next time this video turns on, I will be shooting," Melaku said on the video, court papers say. "That's what they get. That's my target. that's the military building. It's going to be attacked."
The search of Melaku's Alexandria home also found a typed list with the heading “Timer.” Below the heading were nine numbered household items, some of them crossed out, according to the court papers. The items included a 9-volt battery, electrical tape, a bulb and wires.
The items on the list “are consistent with the requirements for a time power unit and firing mechanism of an Improvised Explosive Device,” the complaint states. But other items, including ammonium nitrate, fuel and a detonator, would have been needed to make a working explosive device, according to the complaint.
Authorities who searched Melaku's home also found his laptop computer, the complaint said, and found documents about explosives and bomb making.
“It's always disappointing when someone who wears this uniform gets in trouble with the law,” said Lt.. Col Chris Hughes, a spokesman for the Marines. “It's heart-wrenching. The nature of the offenses is heart-wrenching to us all.”
Melaku remains in the custody of Loudoun County authorities. He is charged there with grand larceny for allegedly stealing items from several cars.
[This post has been updated.]
TV Reviews All of our TV reviews in one convenient place.
Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie B+ Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie B+ B+ Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie Director Jeremy Konner Runtime 50 minutes Rating N/A Cast Johnny Depp, Ron Howard, Alfred Molina, Robert Morse, Patton Oswalt, Jack McBrayer, Michaela Watkins, Henry Winkler, Stephen Merchant, Christopher Lloyd, Kristen Schaal, Andy Richter, Paul Scheer, Rob Huebel, Tymberlee Hill, ALF, Jordan Coleman, Joe Nuñez, Ron Funches, Jason Mantzoukas Availability Streaming on Funny Or Die
It's only the Wednesday after the New Hampshire primary, and the 2016 presidential election is already the most analyzed, most scrutinized, most discussed political campaign in United States history. It's not just that there are more platforms for running commentary than ever before—it's that there are more platforms for a wider segment of the electorate to comment on the campaign in the moment. Combined with the outsized characters vying for the Oval Office, the proliferation of soap boxes, grandstands, and megaphones also means this election is already the most lampooned in history, too.
Advertisement
Think back to 2008, when the leading voices of electoral satire were The Daily Show and The Colbert Report, and people wondered if vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin might show up at 30 Rockefeller Center to square off with Tina Fey on Saturday Night Live. Today, The Daily Show has sprouted three topical late-night offshoots (four if you count Stephen Colbert's Late Show), an SNL cameo is practically a prerequisite of candidacy, James Adomian and Anthony Atamanuik are on a nationwide tour with their stage show Trump Vs. Bernie: The Debate, and anybody with a wi-fi connection and 10 minutes can achieve viral fame with a “Bernie Or Hilary?” flier. It would seem that every angle on the candidates has been covered—if those angles aren't being actively neutralized by the candidates themselves, as Donald Trump did when he hosted Saturday Night Live last November.
Don't give up the search for fresh angles just yet, because there's still Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie. The Funny Or Die production succeeds where SNL couldn't because it stars a different kind of Trump. Using the candidate's genuine megalomania as its starting point, the movie reimagines Trump in the vein of pompous fictional auteurs like Eric Jonrosh and Garth Marenghi: He's writer, director, producer, star, cinematographer, co-producer, costume designer, and theme songwriter of the film-within-the-film, a dopey made-for-TV biopic unseen for years due to a particularly boring primetime NFL matchup. Rather than offering a singular voice, the funny thing about Jonrosh, Marenghi, and Art Of The Deal's Trump is that their fictional works speak in a single voice—that of their creator. Other figures from Donald Trump's life wander in and out of The Art Of The Deal, but they're mostly puppets for the creator's perverted outlook—especially when they're actual puppets, like Alf, portrayed here as the best man at The Donald's marriage to Ivana Zelníčková (Michaela Watkins).
Though only nominally based on Trump: The Art Of The Deal, the script by Joe Randazzo still draws on that bestseller's part-memoir, part-advice structure, framed as a multi-part lecture to a multiethnic series of kids in backward baseball caps. (Full disclosure: Randazzo is a former editor of The A.V. Club's sister publication, The Onion.) It's a gag-a-minute affair with a strong spine: A fanatic quest for immortality that involves buying the Taj Mahal Casino out from under Merv Griffin (Patton Oswalt). The property is positioned as Trump's Rosebud (not that he understands that reference) and he seeks its acquisition across what's essentially a feature-length comedy sketch directed by Drunk History's Jeremy Konner, with gauzy faux-VHS visuals, title cards modeled on the book's thuddingly severe typography, and squealing guitars accompanying every new “Trump Card Element Of The Deal.” The concept works pretty well at trailer length, with a provocative voiceover and a cutdown of the film's greatest hits. But the ingenious ploy of that trailer is the curiosity it creates with its pileup of famous faces and dunderheaded one liner. It's an itch that's scratched by the full Art Of The Deal.
Advertisement
As satire, this version of the tycoon succeeds in drawing a line between the trash-talking Lonesome Rhodes of 2016 and the redheaded Gordon Gekko of 1986. Set before The Apprentice or before the Saturday Night Live hosting gigs, on Trump's 40th birthday, The Art Of The Deal catalogs the man's sins—discriminatory housing practices, bogus lawsuits, the destruction of architectural artifacts—in dramatizations that are only slightly more ridiculous than his modern-day TV theatrics. Period details are occasionally tossed aside for jokes about sloganeering hats or truly heroic Vietnam War veterans, but the humorous thrust is in the contradictions, Trump's facile boardroom pointers for everyday people bumping up against the bullying, manipulative, prejudicial tactics that made him a Master of the Universe. One running gag involves Trump describing rivals like Barron Hilton (Stephen Merchant) as charmed beneficiaries of wealthy fathers, never once stopping to acknowledge the leg up he got from Frederick Trumps Sr. and Jr. This is lampooning by way of illustration.
The Art Of The Deal manages the traditional Funny Or Die trick of drawing top flight talent to a very silly project, but the real coup is Depp as Trump. The Garbage Pail Kids hair and makeup do a lot of heavy lifting, but the actor's vocal inflections and mannerisms create an incredible facsimile of Trump—albeit one that's rooted in the twitchy kookiness of Captain Jack Sparrow or Raoul Duke. For once in his post-Pirates Of The Caribbean career, an entire production can actually keep up with Depp's whims and tap into his wavelength, striking a tone that's as big and brassy as the character he's playing. It helps that he's unrecognizable beneath the makeup; it also helps that there's no Mortdecai-like ambiguity about whether or not the character is supposed to be a lovable rake or a despicable scoundrel. The ugliness of the performance holds Trump up for ridicule, and Depp commits to that ugliness better than anyone short of the genuine article. Like the real Trump, he delivers a bizarrely magnetic performance, and that magnetism is enough to hold the whole enterprise together, even as the intentional incompetence of the film-within-the-film threatens to sink the final act.
Advertisement
Donald Trump's The Art Of The Deal: The Movie isn't something with a long shelf life, as attested by its mode of distribution or its sudden appearance. You can argue that releasing the movie the morning after Trump's first primary victory was a strategic deployment, you can argue that it's just lucky timing—just make sure you stop arguing before Trump's legal team mobilizes and attempts to get The Art Of The Deal taken down. The topicality that makes the movie's satire so potent also renders it an instant time capsule—for all the cachet The Art Of The Deal will have come December, it might as well have been released on Snapchat. In the moment, however, it's thrilling to see so many talented people team up to so thoroughly burst Trump's bubble in new and exciting ways. Considering the off-the-cuff nature of its subject, who's willingly ignorant of history and maddeningly vague about his plans for the future, isn't “in the moment” all that should matter about The Art Of The Deal?
About the event
The MIX AT EVO Showcase
The MIX is partnering with Evo (Evolution Championship Series) for this year's Evo Indie Showcase.
Why Evo?
For the last 3 years Evo has opened up space during the tournament to Indie Game Developers in order to give them an opportunity to share their games to hardcore and competitive gamers.
The fighting game community (FGC) is a tight knit culture who share a lot in common with Indies. Both are interested in system design, have grassroots community backgrounds; both appreciate well-crafted game design, mechanics and both understand that games are only as fun as the people you can play with and talk to. The MIX and Evo are independent productions who strive to develop their cultures and bring people together to share amazing experiences.
Exhibiting at The Evo Showcase
Participating in the Evo Indie Showcase isn't just about developers putting their games in front of potential players for sales, it's also about seeing what some of the game-breakingest people in video games can do with what has been created. Fighting game fans are interested in understanding deep gameplay mechanics and finding ways to creatively use the systems to take games to another level with through mastery. Indies just might learn a thing or two about their own games — and maybe even meet a few people who can help make it better.
About Evo
The Evo Championship Series represents the largest and longest-running fighting game tournaments in the world. Evo brings together the best of the best from around the world in a dazzling exhibition of skill and fun, as players and fans gather to honor the competitive spirit in an open format and determine a champion.
The tournaments are about more than just winning. Evo is open to anyone, feature stations available for relaxed free play , and offer unique opportunities to meet people from different countries and different walks of life who share your passion. Established champions face off against unknown newcomers, and new rivals that might have only talked or fought online meet up and become old friends.
The 2015 Evo Scholarship
The Evo Scholarship is a partnership between the New York University Game Center, Evo, and Twitch that gives someone from the fighting game community an opportunity to develop their skills as a game designer and innovate in the world of competitive game design through a 2 year Master's degree or 4 year Bachelor's degree in Game Design at the NYU Game Center.
HOW MUCH MONEY IS IT, AND HOW IS IT FUNDED?
The Evo Scholarship is a community ­funded scholarship, generated entirely by purchases of the Evo stream subscriptions. 100% of every purchase of the stream will go directly to the scholarship, giving fighting game players and fan an opportunity to send someone to college who would otherwise not be able to attend.
Find more about the 2015 Evo Scholarship here
CLOSE Bentley reveals the jaw-dropping specifications about its luxury Continental Supersports vehicle, debuting at Detroit's North American International Auto Show.
The Bentley Continental Supersports. (Photo11: James Lipman)
Ultra-luxury car brand Bentley on Thursday revealed its "fastest and most powerful" vehicle ever: the third-generation Bentley Continental Supersports.
With a 6-liter, 12-cylinder, twin-turbocharged engine, the redesigned four-seat vehicle will travel zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.4 seconds with a top speed of 209 mph.
"Only Bentley could create a car which blends immense performance and unrivaled luxury in this way," Bentley CEO Wolfgang Durheimer said in a statement.
The Volkswagen Group brand revealed details and photos of the Bentley Continental Supersports for the first time Thursday night. The vehicle will make its official debut Sunday morning in an event tied to the North American International Auto Show in Detroit.
Suffice it to say: The specs are eye-popping. The vehicle boasts 700 horsepower, 21-inch forged alloy wheels, high-tech steering and suspension, 750 pound-feet of torque, and optional titanium exhaust.
And in case that's not enough luxury for you, there's a convertible version. That one boasts top speed of 205 mph and goes zero to 60 mph in 3.7 seconds.
Gas-mileage was not revealed. Don't get your hopes up. Twelve-cylinder engines gobble up fuel.
Pricing was not available either. But let's just say you better have at least $200,000 on hand -- and a need for speed.
Follow USA TODAY reporter Nathan Bomey on Twitter @NathanBomey.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hY4N5o
Tosso talks about new singer Elina, split up with Liv, new releases and future plans:
There have been significant changes in the band lately: the former front lady Liv Kristine left LEAVES' EYES. Unsurprisingly, now there are many rumors concerning the situation. Moreover, Liv's position is quite different from the official statement on the LEAVES' EYES website. So, your Russian fans are eager to get firsthand information. When and why did you decide to part ways?
Tosso: The contact with Liv has become very difficult. Since January 2016 Liv's departure from the band has been in discussion. When Liv and Alex split up personally early January, Liv wanted to leave the band right away. But Alex convinced her to stay with the band and they both made a very good agreement with each other for their private life and business. So the band situation seemed to be solved at that point of time. But since February her new fiancee / therapist tried to interfere in a lot of band matters. He talked very bad about LEAVES' EYES and that shows, tours and interviews shouldn't happen without him anymore. Her fiancee / therapist even told Liv to step aside from the band. In March things went far beyond after Liv moved to her engaged therapist and it became very clear to everybody in the band that we will go separated ways in the future. Liv also wanted to be involved in picking the new singer for LEAVES‘ EYES. We told her that we want to decide ourselves who will be our new singer in the band. So there has nothing been happening behind anybodies back. Beginning of April we had a band meeting to talk about how things go on. In the meeting we decided together to go separate ways immediately. Liv told us she is not able to fulfill her touring commitments with the band anymore for personal reasons. Moreover, Liv's lawyer wrote in a letter to Alex that a further cooperation including the live shows with the band is not possible for Liv anymore. So Liv was relieved not having to play any future shows with LEAVES‘ EYES. As a result of the meeting, we also set up a press statement together with Liv, to inform the fans and media. To the surprise of everybody this first press statement we set up together was attacked soon after by several additional posts and statements from Liv. Suddenly other people and “trolls” started to spread nasty rumors and lies on the internet. That was the reason for the confusion and anger in April. For myself I can clearly say, if anyone in the band had treated Liv in the way, some trolls in the internet tell, I wouldn't be part of this band anymore. Also I can say that Alex is a single father at the moment and since Liv and Alex separated from each other their son lives at his place.
Was it a unilateral or a bilateral decision? Why was it necessary for you to resort to a mediator's assistance, if not a secret? At least, judging by the protocol posted on your official Facebook page, the decision was mutual.
Tosso: A mediator can help to find a good way of communication, when several people are involved. In our case we had a friend of Liv doing this job very well. Alex and me both know this woman and agreed that this would be a good idea. Actually the results and how we settled things together were good in my opinion. After the band meeting we hugged each other for example. A few days after our common press statement was released, several additional and attacking postings from Liv followed, also from other people who were not involved in the matter at all or being around with Liv and us. This is something I don't understand until today. These postings caused the confusion and anger that you could find on the internet in the weeks afterwards.
What reaction on Liv Kristine's leave have you received from your fans and your colleagues within the metal scene?
Tosso: There was a lot of surprise and sadness in the beginning, which is understandable. But anger and „internet fake news and rumors“ followed very soon as said before. I have learned that there are people that organize themselves in „hate groups“. This is something that already started after the NIGHTWISH and ARCH EMEMY splits. As a music fan this was something completely unknown and new for me. But I got also really nice and motivating words from fans and other musicians, who know that the band is not a bunch of idiots and assholes. Obviously LEAVES‘ EYES is not the first band in the world that split up with a band member, and many other bands that we played with and are friends with us, told me about their similar experiences.
It is well-known that Alex was the producer of Liv's solo project and the songs were recorded at Alex' Mastersound Studio; moreover, he and Thorsten composed all the music. Are you going to continue collaborating, or will Liv be on her own?
Tosso: That's true, since 2005 release „Enter my religion“ all of Liv's solo albums have been produced and written here at Mastersound Studio. Moreover, in January Alex recorded her latest guest vocal appearances such as TANZWUT “Stille Wasser”and EDEN'S CURSE. When we had the band meeting about the split in April, we offered Liv to help with her new Solo Demos, too. She didn't react on our offer. Here at Mastersound Studios we are busy with new stuff from ATROCITY and LEAVES‘ EYES, as well as other band productions.
You already have a new vocalist – Elina Siirala, a Finnish singer living in London. How and when did you decide to invite her to become the new frontwoman of LEAVES' EYES? Did you consider any other female singers and why did you choose Elina?
Tosso: Elina's band has supported Leaves‘ Eyes in 2015 several times in the UK. We already noticed her powerful voice and performance back then. When it became clear that Liv will not do anymore live shows with us, we contacted Elina. All in all she only had a very short time to learn a set that we played in front of more than 20.000 people in Indonesia /Jakarta. Pretty awesome start, and Elina did very well!
Needless to say, Elina has a unique and beautiful voice. Did she receive any degree in music?
Tosso: Yes, Elina has made a degree in classical singing in Finland and a trinity diploma (guildhall) in contemporary styles in London. So she is a studied and trained classical singer. Elina has music in her veins as her family is composed of passionate and professional classical musicians, too. Her father is a concert piano player, her mother a violinist and her brother, who lives in Munich, is also a concert piano player. Besides that, she has a rather well known cousin in the world of metal, Tuomas Holopainen from NIGHTWISH. Hail Suomi!
Did the fans appreciate Elina's performance at your live shows?
Tosso: With Elina we played shows in Indonesia, Germany, Netherlands, Belgium, Denmark and Switzerland. We also played some big summer festivals here in Germany. The reactions have been overwhelming and fantastic. Elina has both, awesome stage presence and a powerful voice, which fits very well to the symphonic and heavy music of LEAVES‘ EYES.
How do you get along as a team with Elina? Was Elina's coming a breath of fresh air for the band?
Tosso: Elina is a very nice and humble person. The atmosphere in the band is very good and people can feel this during our live shows. Elina is very professional in all aspects of music and she has a good sense of humor. We all like Elina very much, also our crew, the fans and promoters at the shows who met Elina for the first time! Her voice offers new possibilities for the band in the future as well.
Who will be responsible for the lyrics now that Liv is not a band member anymore?
Tosso: Already in the past, Alex was a driving force regarding album concepts and lyrics, too. So basically it will not be that much change in the bands workflow as it might seem from the outside.
Is the style and sound of LEAVES' EYES music going to change with Elina's coming the way it happened with XANDRIA or TRISTANIA? Are you going to continue using your Viking concept in lyrics and live performances?
Tosso: There will not be a big change in the sound of the band. Alex and me have always been the main composing and writing team. So all the new songs will have the same people behind them, as it was in the past of LEAVES' EYES. My job is mostly the writing and melodic/harmonic part of the writing process. Alex is fantastic with drums, vocals, arrangements and all aspects of the recording process. Alex also created most of the melody vocal lines on „King of Kings“. Yes, we will continue using viking concepts on our albums and also live shows. Some people wrote on the internet, that „without Liv the band is not allowed to use viking concepts.“ That's nonsense anyway. We have never made a big deal out of it, but Alex' father and family are coming from the area of the legendary “Jomsvikings” and my mother and mothers family are coming from the area of “Haithabu (Heiðabýr)” the old viking trade capital. Besides that, Alex has become a pretty awesome sword fighter. Moreover, we have many other lyrical topics in LEAVES' EYES, too. Just check out the “Symphonies of the Night” record.
What are your plans for the future? You are going to release the new version of “Edge of Steel” and a video with Elina, aren't you?
Tosso: The “Edge of Steel” video and online single have just been released. As mentioned before new LEAVES' EYES releases will follow this October. We will play in Belarus for the first time in August. In September we will play on the Full Metal Cruise. In October we will return to the Metal Female Voices Festival in Belgium with a big headliner production, including our stage viking ship. In November and December we will tour North America for seven weeks together with SONATA ARCTICA.
When can your Russian fans expect to see the renewed LEAVES' EYES team in Russia? It's been quite a long time since your last visit in 2013.
Tosso: Yeah, last time in December 2013 we celebrated my birthday on stage in Moscow! Awesome memories!! We have good news for our Russian fans: LEAVES' EYES will return to Russia and play two shows in St. Petersburg and Moscow on the 26th and 27th of January 2017!
Thank you in advance and good luck!
Zak Mohyuddin (below) is running for a seat on the Coffee County Commission in Tennessee, but his opponent Mark Kelly is using Mohyuddin's Muslim faith as a weapon against him, claiming he's not patriotic like the good Christian Kelly:
In a July 16 letter asking District 15 constituents for their vote, Republican Commissioner Mark Kelly made the following claims about his Democratic political opponent, Zak Mohyuddin: “My opponent has expressed his beliefs publicly that the United States is not a Christian nation; that the American flag should be removed from public buildings because it is a symbol of tyranny and oppression; that public prayer should be banned because it insults non-Christians; and that the Bible should be removed from public places.”
Wow. How does he know all that?! Is there a secret recording somewhere?
… Kelly was unable to cite any specific instance when Mohyuddin made such statements. He said he had heard it during private conversations with him.
Sure he did.
Mohyuddin denies all of this, of course. In fact, he says public prayers are legal (within the Supreme Court context) and public displays of the Bible are fine. He even led the Pledge of Allegiance at a rally last year. I wish he would be a lot less accommodating — but you see where that gets him already.
Kelly, whose faith apparently gives him license to lie about other people, doesn't care. He freely admits this is all just a ploy to fire up the conservative base before Friday's vote:
“I am a Christian and have been and will be. Zak isn't, and he has a different faith and there are a lot of different faiths,” Kelly said. “I am standing on my values and my record. The point of the letter was to encourage the conservative base to get out and vote. It was simply to show the difference in views between two people, not that one is right or wrong, just a difference.”
In a just world, those admissions would cause voters to throw their support in another direction. This is Tennessee, though, so Kelly's slander will probably carry him to victory.
(Thanks to Chris for the link)
You wouldn't think that gold would be able to treat fatal diseases but in a sense, it now can. Scientists have developed a technique using gold nanoprobes to identify different types of cells, which allow them to use the right ones in stem cell therapies.
Stem cell therapy holds enormous potential, despite still being in its infancy. It could change the way we treat cancer and other life-threatening diseases by replacing damaged or diseased cells with healthy ones. Yet one of the limitations of this therapy is identifying the right cells to use during different therapies. That's why scientists decided to focus on developing a way to recognize what cells should be used in different treatments.
"Stem cells could hold the key to tackling many diseases. They develop into all the various kinds of cells needed in the body--blood, nerves and organs--but it is almost impossible to tell them apart during their initial development without complex techniques, even with the most advanced microscopes," said Sumeet Mahajan, one of the researchers, in a news release. "Up to now, scientists have used intrusive fluorescent markers to tag molecules and track each cell, a process which can render them useless for therapeutic purposes anyway."
So what did the scientists do? They employed a technique known as Surface Enhanced Raman Spectroscopy (SERS), which was first discovered in the 1970s. When it was first found, researchers realized that by roughening a metal surface upon which they had placed various molecules to be examined, they could increase the signal by which they could detect these molecules by a million times. This allowed them to detect molecules in far smaller quantities than ever before. While SERS has been used in other capacities, though, this is the first time it's been used in the field of cell therapeutics.
"Scientists studying neurodegenerative diseases such as Parkinson's disease believe replenishing a patient's depleted dopamine-generating cells may be an effective treatment," said Mahajan. "However, in order to avoid fatal complications, we must be sure we are using the right type of replacement cells, which the work we are doing at Southamptom is enabling us to do. In addition, the technique can also allow us to see if drugs are working effectively in cells, and can also be used to diagnose diseases as we treat them."
The findings are crucial when it comes to stem cell therapy. The new method is a vital component which could, in the future, allow researchers to treat fatal diseases.
The research is published in the journal Nano Letters.
Want to learn more about SERS? Check out the video below, courtesy of YouTube.
Ramon Humber: Saints vs 49ers
New Orleans Saints inside linebacker Ramon Humber (53) drops San Francisco 49ers running back Frank Gore (21) in the backfield during the game between the San Francisco 49ers and the New Orleans Saints at the Superdome on Sunday, November 9, 2014. (Michael DeMocker, Nola.com / The Times-Picayune)
(Michael DeMocker)
The New Orleans Saints and Ramon Humber have indicated mutual interest to get a deal done, according to league sources.
Humber will become an unrestricted free agent at 3 p.m. Tuesday, the start of free agency and the new league year. Because the Saints released veteran middle linebacker Curtis Lofton on Monday, moving on from Humber would leave them a void in the middle.
While David Hawthorne remains under contract, he could be a potential cap casualty.
Humber, a mainstay on special teams and Lofton and Hawthorne's backup, signed a one-year deal to stay with the Saints in 2014.
Thomas Kokoraleis (pictured) is set to be released in September unless prosecutors can stop it
An infamous Chicago killer who was a member of the Ripper Crew, believed to be responsible for killing as many as 20 women in the 1980s, is expected to be paroled in September.
Thomas Kokoraleis, 59, is due for release after serving half of his 70-year-sentence for killing Lorraine Borowski who was just 21-years-old.
The Ripper Crew was a gang of four men that stalked and terrorized the streets of Chicago in the '80s, hunting for women.
They would cut women's breasts off with knives and garroting wires while they were still alive, rape them and ultimately murder them in their ritualistic killings.
Lorraine's brother Mark Borowski was 14 when his sister was raped and brutally murdered by the Ripper Crew. He said he was horrified when he learned Kokoraleis is due for release on September 29.
Mark recalled the haunting memories from the time after his sister went missing to the Chicago Tribune. He remembers five months of passing out fliers in hopes of finding her, and finally, the gruesome discovery of her remains.
Lorraine had a closed coffin Catholic funeral as her remains were too decomposed for loved ones to view and say their goodbyes.
Lorraine Borowski (pictured) was brutally mutilated and raped before being murdered
Thomas Kokoraleis in a mugshot from 1982. He was convicted of the brutal slaying of Lorraine Borowski
Left to right, the Ripper Crew: Robin Gecht, Edward Spreitzer- both ineligible for parole and Andrew Kokoraleis- killed by lethal injection
Thomas Kokoraleis' older brother, Andrew Kokoraleis, was sentenced to death for his involvement in the torturous killings.
Mark says his parents attended Andrew's execution, and watched him draw his last breath.
He says his father Raymond, who died several years ago, 'never really got over her death.'
Mark told the Chicago Times: 'You really never get over something like this. Time goes on and you work your way through the memories but it's never gone. It's always there.'
Andrew Kokoraleis was the last of inmates to be executed in Illinois. He was 35 when he was killed by lethal injection in 1999. In 2011 the state abolished the death penalty.
The Ripper Crew's ringleader, Robin Gecht, 63, is the only member who wasn't convicted of murder- he never confessed. He is serving 120 years years for the rape and mutilation of a teenager working as a prostitute, according to the Tribune.
The teenage prostitute survived her ordeal and provided the crucial information to authorities to end the crew's brutal run.
Mark Borowski (pictured), Lorraine's brother, is appalled that Kokoraleis is due to be released
Left: Sandra Delaware, 18, was stabbed and strangled. Right: Linda Sutton, 26, was raped and stabbed to death, she was a mother of two
Left: Rose Beck Davis, 30 was raped, beaten with an ax and stabbed to death. Right: Shui Mak, 30 was beaten to death
Other victims' of the Ripper Crew included Rose Beck Davis, 30, who was raped, beaten with an ax and stabbed to death. And Shui Mak, 30, was beaten to death.
Sandra Delaware was just 18 when she was stabbed and strangled to death. Linda Sutton, 26, was raped and stabbed to death and left behind two children.
Finally another member of the crew, Edward Spreitzer, 56, also remains behind bars and is ineligible for parole.
'This guy should never get out of prison,' said John Smith Jr., a retired DuPage County Jail chief who took Thomas to his first jail cell. 'I was appalled when I saw he was going to get out. My opinion? They all should have gotten the death penalty.'
Thomas is eligible for release in a plea deal he made to do 70 years for pleading guilty to murdering Lorraine, however there is a loophole prosecutors are looking at that may keep him behind bars.
Thomas may fit the requirements for a civil commitment process for inmates who are deemed too sexually violent to be freed, sources tell the Tribune.
For civil commitment a person must be convicted of a sexually violent offence and must suffer from a mental disorder.
During Thomas' trial his lawyer described him as 'borderline' mentally impaired with an IQ of 75.
A D.C. parking enforcement officer prepares to ticket a vehicle parked near an expired meter. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
Each week, In Theory takes on a big idea in the news and explores it from a range of perspectives. This week, we're talking about car-free cities. Need a primer? Catch up here.
Carlo Ratti is professor of the practice of urban technologies at MIT, where he directs the Senseable City Lab. He runs the design office Carlo Ratti Associati and chairs the World Economic Forum Global Agenda Council on the Future of Cities. Matthew Claudel, a research fellow at the MIT Senseable City Lab, contributed to this article.
Parking is a major component of our driving experience. A large amount of our driving time is spent looking for a free spot, and our cars are parked on average for a staggering 95 percent of their lifespans. Parking infrastructure is so pervasive that for every car in the United States, there are approximately three non-residential spots — amounting to 5,000 square miles, an area larger than Puerto Rico.
Today, however, car-sharing systems such as Zipcar are reducing the need for parking areas. It has been estimated that every collective car removes more than 10 privately owned cars from the street. When a rider has reached his or her destination, the vehicle can be used by another traveler, rather than waiting, parked, in a lot. In Paris — one of the early adopters of car-sharing — it has been estimated that more than 20,000 private cars have already been taken off the road. The trend is accelerating around the world, fueled by the latest generation of platforms that offer a seamless user experience in which cars can be left anywhere and tracked with an app.
[Self-driving cars will change more than just traffic. Here's why.]
Self-driving vehicles are poised to bring the next round of disruptive innovation. At first blush, it seems that the key advantage of an autonomous car is freeing the driver's hands from the steering wheel (and, of course, allowing us to shamelessly text while driving!). The real transformational advantage, however, is that self-driving vehicles might blur the distinction between private and public modes of transportation. “Your” car could give you a lift to work in the morning and then give a lift to someone else in your family — or, for that matter, to anyone else in your neighborhood, social media community or city. Such cars would demand far less parking real estate, because they could remain on the go.
Self-driving technology is nearly ripe for the market. It is already possible to buy limited-series vehicles for campuses or corporate environments. Mass-market car manufacturers have already integrated partial autonomous functionalities (for example, assisted parking or highway autopilot) into vehicles at the high end of their product lines and are supposed to go fully autonomous within a few years.
To keep pace with these developments, Singapore formed a Committee on Autonomous Road Transport (CARTS) in 2014, continuing the city's history of remaining at the forefront of transport innovation. (Note: Ratti sits on the CARTS committee.) Several real-world deployments of semi-controlled fleets are planned in the city-state starting later this year, starting with the area of Gardens by the Bay, the 250-acre park that serves as the city's premier outdoor space. Initial simulations show that, with widespread self-driving, the need for parking lots in Singapore or other urban areas might decrease substantially — by up to 70 percent, according to some initial research done at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Senseable City Lab.
[How jaywalking became a crime]
What could be the consequences? Over time, vast areas of valuable urban land currently occupied by parking lots could be reinvented for a whole new spectrum of social functions. Creative uses are already promoted across the world during Parking Day, a worldwide event held on the third Friday of September, in which artists, designers and citizens transform metered parking spots into temporary public places.
The same dynamic re-purposing could happen tomorrow on a much larger scale and with permanent solutions, leading to a reclamation of a large percentage of the urban fabric. Vacant lots could be populated with green areas, a variety of shared public amenities or “maker space” facilities, providing working tools — 3D printers, CNC machines — for design and fabrication. Potential uses for ubiquitous reclaimed parking area are almost unlimited, and their cost could be covered by the community or by private investors — eventually offsetting the city's lost revenue from traditional metering.
After parking spaces and parking lots, we might also need to deal with garages left unused. With their sloping floors, the latter appear as single-purpose, rigid structures — infrastructure that is difficult to re-purpose. Today's designers, tasked with creating garages, should take as a challenge to introduce flexibility and acknowledge the full life cycle and potential transitions for these structures. This will be a fundamental test for new modes of interaction between citizens and a less car-oriented city of the future. A city where — thanks to autonomous vehicle technology — tomorrow's reclaimed parking lot could become a destination in and of itself.
Explore these other perspectives:
J.H. Crawford: The car century was a mistake. It's time to move on.
Randal O'Toole: Transit is dead. Let's prepare for the next mobility revolution.
Shivani Radhakrishnan: How jaywalking became a crime
Jarrett Walker: Why cars and cities are a bad match
Donald Shoup: How parking requirements hurt the poor
Aaron Renn: Self-driving cars will change more than just traffic. Here's why.
COLORADO SPRINGS, June 7 (UPI) -- The founder of a Colorado veterans group and advocate for homeless vets has been unmasked as an imposter who faked a war record, investigators said.
Rick Strandlof -- who used the name Rick Duncan when he claimed to be a U.S. Naval Academy graduate who was wounded during his third tour in Iraq -- has not been charged with impersonation, The Denver Post reported Sunday. The FBI is investigating possible fraud while Strandlof is being held on a misdemeanor traffic charge in Colorado Springs.
Army Spc. Garett Reppenhagen said Strandlof worked hard with the Colorado Veterans Alliance.
"I can't say I hate Rick Duncan for what he did," Reppenhagen said. "But I certainly never want to talk to him again."
Strandlof was actually a high-school dropout from Wyoming. Marine veteran Robert Strandlof of Spokane Valley, Wash., who said he has not seen his great-nephew since he was a teenager, told the Post he was smart and liked to read.
Strandlof spent time in prison in Montana on bad check charges and then emerged in Nevada as an advocate for poor children. In the next few years, he became involved in the anti-war movement, served 9 months for possession of a stolen vehicle and became Rick Duncan.
Everybody has heard that the Eskimo s have over forty different words for snow ; quite a few people also know that this is an urban legend . What you probably did not know, however, is that Finnish have over 40 words for snow -- at least if we stretch the definition a bit to include all forms of frozen precipitation . Please note that absolutely no compound word s are included, and I have even attempted to avoid including multiple words from the same root, eg. quite a few of these nouns could also be made into verbs or adjectives.
Frozen precipitation that is still falling
lumi: snow pyry: snow shower myräkkä: snowstorm rae: hail räntä: sleet tuisku: snow shower with strong wind laviini: a small avalanche
hyhmä: snow floating atop water loska: very wet snow; snow, water and mud mixed together sohjo: slush; snow and water mixed together
ahto: pack-ice (broken & refrozen ice) ahtauma: a formation of pack-ice jää: ice kide: ice crystal kohva: gray ice formed from wet snow paanne: multi-layered ice (typically waves crash on top and freeze) railo: pressure ridge in ice röpelö: uneven ice tökkö: ice with frost on top
iljanne: a thin layer of snow atop ice hanki: a even layer of snow on the ground, esp. if enough for skiing huurre: rime; granular frost (the white stuff in your freezer) härmä: frost kinos: snow drift; a loose pile of snow, esp. one formed by wind kaljama: a thick layer of ice on the ground, lethal in the spring kuura: hoarfrost; frozen dew nietos: a large, hard pile of snow (may be refrozen) nuoska: "snowballable" snow, usually formed when powdery snow melts a bit polanne: a hard layer of compacted snow tykky: large chunks of snow, esp. when frozen onto trees viti: freshly fallen powdery snow
avanto: a hole in ice jotos: reindeer tracks in snow latu: a ski trail in snow rannio: a reindeer path in deep snow
nirskua narskua kirskua nitistä narista
Some of the above are pretty obscure, but these are downright bizarre. Finns who do not speak the dialect in question (marked in parentheses if known) will not understand these. And note that this is only a small sampling, linguists have recorded literally hundreds of these.
hölse: slush höty: loose snow höttyrä: loose snow höyty: loose snow judake: reindeer track in snow (Lapland) klossakko: slush komo: raised ice kieppi: snow pile mora: uncompacted, unskiable snow (Lapland) triimu: snow pile (West) triivu: snow pile (West) purku: snow shower (East) pöykky: snow pile (Tampere)
Depending on context, these may or may not refer to snow.
keli: weather conditions; the "skiability" of snow pulveri: powder; very cold, fine, powdery snow valli: wall, blockage; a wall of snow (natural or manmade)
Despite all this, Finnish lacks the verb "to snow"! That's right, to say "it is snowing", Finns have to state sataa lunta ("it is raining snow") or more colloquially tulee lunta ("snow is coming"). To fix this, I have used the noun lumi (snow) to derive the verb lumista (to snow), as in ulkona lumisee, "it is snowing outside". Alas, my efforts to propagate this meme have so far been largely unsuccessful...
Conclusion
So what does all this add up to? Not much, necessarily. It is fairly obvious that a language spoken in a northern climate like Finland will develop lots of shorthand to explain common weather conditions. 1 This does not prove the Sapir-Whorf Hypothesis, since the concepts themselves are still explainable in English; you can still probably imagine what large chunks of snow frozen onto tree branches look like without knowing the word tykky. And, on a personal note, as a typical Finnish city dweller who spends most of this time safely indoors in places with central heating, I find much of the vocabulary above just as bizarre and useless as my gentle reader probably does.
1: Incidentally, the Sami language spoken in Lapland has even more excruciatingly detailed words for snow. Some of the weather-related terminology used by Sami reindeer herders can be found here: http://tuikku.urova.fi/avoin/poronhoito/terminologia.htm
References
Sources used for this list include, but are not limited to, the following:
http://muhu.www.ee/mailing_lists/humor/msg73.html
http://www.durth-roos.de/sb/wint_e_fi.pdf
http://www.llk.se/
And cheers to vuo for comments and additions.
The House this week will push ahead with legislation allowing concealed carry permit holders to bring their guns to other states.
The House Judiciary Committee is scheduled on Tuesday to consider the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017. The legislation was introduced in January by Rep. Richard Hudson, R-N.C., and followed reports of gun owners getting arrested for traveling through states with stricter gun laws.
In 2014, a single mother and concealed carry permit holder from Philadelphia was arrested and charged with unlawful possession of a weapon when she was stopped by the police while driving through New Jersey.
“Currently, the patchwork of reciprocity laws and agreements between states is confusing and has caused law-abiding citizens to unwittingly break the law and suffer arrest and detention,” Hudson said. All 50 states allow concealed carry, but with different standards and requirements.
The legislation would also permit concealed carry in national parks and other federally-owned land.
But the bill has attracted staunch opposition from states with strict gun laws. Attorneys general from 16 states sent a letter in October to congressional leaders urging them to reject the legislation, arguing that states shouldn't have t honor concealed carry permits issued by more permissive states.
“Rather than creating a new national standard for who may carry concealed firearms, these bills would elevate the lowest state standard over higher ones and force some States to allow concealed carry by people who do not qualify under their laws,” they wrote.
Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn, R-Texas, has introduced a similar reciprocity bill.
EUGENE -- The University of Oregon has lifted the suspension of senior defensive tackle Isaac Remington, according to the Ducks' head football coach Chip Kelly.
The move comes hours after Eugene officials said the DUII case against Remington will be dropped.
Remington had been indefinitely suspended since the incident took place early Oct. 12.
Remington's blood-alcohol content measured 0.06 after a Eugene police officer stopped his car. The legal limit is 0.08. In Oregon, police can arrest a person on a DUII charge if they deem the person to be impaired, even if the person's blood-alcohol content is below .08.
A source last week told The Oregonian that Remington was "absolutely, positively" innocent.
Remington, a Phoenix-area native, started Oregon's first six games. He traveled with the team to last Thursday's game at Arizona State but did not play.
Focused exclusively on Seiko's high-end timepieces, the first ever Seiko Premium Boutique recently opened in Ginza, Tokyo's famous shopping district.
The Seiko Premium Boutique in Ginza is the first of its kind, a store solely for Seiko's top-end timepieces – Grand Seiko, Credor and Galante – and nothing else. Located a short walk away from the heart of Ginza where the Wako department store is located, the Seiko Premium Boutique carries the widest selection of Grand Seiko anywhere in the world. What would be called a flagship store in Euro-luxury parlance, the Seiko Premium Boutique is the opening act in the brand's gradual expansion of its efforts to market its high horology watches. It's located on a street that includes Montblanc, Vacheron Constantin and Van Cleef & Arpels a few steps away. The offerings in store include the top of the line Credor watches, including the Spring Drive Minute Repeater as well as Credor Eichi II.
The Seiko Premium Boutique is located at 7-9-16, Ginza Chuo-ku, Tokyo, Japan. It's open daily from 11:00am to 8:00pm, except for Sundays and public holidays when it closes at 7:00pm.
A UKIP councillor believes business owners should be allowed to refuse to serve women and gay people.
Donna Edmunds, a Lewes district councillor and MEP candidate for the South East, said business people should be allowed to refuse service to anyone they want for whatever reason they want.
Responding to a post on an internet forum Coun Edmunds said they should be allowed to refuse service, including because a customer is gay or a woman.
She had been asked to state whether she supported remarks by Henley-on-Thames UKIP councillor David Silvester who said the floods this winter had been caused by the Government's support for gay marriage.
MORE:
After saying she did not agree with her party colleague, she added: “I believe that all business owners, Christian, Muslim, gay, straight, should be allowed to withhold their services from whomever that choose whenever they choose.
“It's their business. Why should they be forced to serve or sell to anyone?”
When asked by The Argus to clarify her statement the EU election hopeful said it would be ok for a shop owner to refuse to serve her based on no other fact than she was a woman, or if service was refused to a gay person.
She said: “I'm a libertarian so I don't think the state should have a role on who business owners serve.
“I wouldn't refuse to serve gay people. I'm not saying their position is a correct one. I'm saying they should be free to make that choice themselves.”
This is not the first time the Lewes councillor has garnered controversy after making statements online.
In 2011 she was forced to stand down from her role as lead councillor for communications in Lewes after labelling a constituent a “village idiot” on Twitter.
Before that she was criticised after telling a constituent to “pay your taxes to die of cancer if that's what you want” during an online row about the NHS.
Nigel Carter, chairman of Brighton and Hove UKIP, said any action to be taken against the councillor within the party would be taken at a higher level but said her views did not represent the majority of those involved with UKIP.
James Ledward, editor of Brighton-based GScene magazine, described the views as “horrendous”.
He said: “I'm flabbergasted. There is no place for views like this is 2014.
“It is worrying because with proportional representation in the European elections someone like this could get in.
“It's all well and good getting the government legislation through but we have to win the hearts and minds of people like this. It's clear there is still work to do.”
Brad Perry , Bell Media Radio
A water bomber will be brought in Sunday to help knock down three fires burning in Base Gagetown.
The public affairs officer for the base said Sunday morning that dry conditions helped the fires to grow over the weekend.
But Stéphanie Duchesne said they are still contained within the range and training area and there is no risk to surrounding communities.
Duchesne said the biggest impact to area residents is smoke, which is why the water bomber is being brought in.
The fires have been burning for several weeks, she said, and become more active when the conditions get too dry.
Duchesne said because the fires are burning in an impact area, they can't send ground crews in to attack the flames because there could be unexploded ordinances.
Instead, she said crews are working to build fire breaks to prevent the fires from growing any larger.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr O'Flynn called for a "free and fair" referendum on Britain's membership of the EU
Young people should not be allowed to vote in any future referendum on the EU because they are brainwashed in schools with pro-EU propaganda, UKIP has said.
It comes after reports the Lib Dems, if in coalition again, would only agree to a poll if 16 and 17-year-olds and UK-based EU residents could take part.
But UKIP economic spokesman Patrick O'Flynn said young people were more likely to be pro-European.
He accused the Lib Dems of trying to "gerrymander" the result of the vote.
Mr O'Flynn, who is also the party's campaign chief, called on David Cameron to "come clean" about the terms of a referendum, which he has promised to hold in 2017 if the Conservatives win in May.
And UKIP deputy chairwoman Suzanne Evans said the party would not be including an immigration target in its manifesto.
Immigration UKIP Main pledges Points system used to select migrants with skills and attributes needed to work in the country
Immigration capped at 50,000 people a year for skilled workers
Five-year ban on immigration for unskilled workers
Five-year wait before migrants can claim benefits
'Colouring-in books'
Mr O'Flynn's comments come after reports that the Lib Dems, as part of any post-election coalition deal, would only give their support to a poll if they had a say on the wording of the question, the timing of the ballot, and who could take part.
They want to extend the referendum to 16 and 17-year-olds and EU citizens who live in the United Kingdom, according to the Financial Times.
But at a press conference in London on Wednesday, UKIP party spokeswoman Suzanne Evans said school children had been exposed to pro-EU propaganda and should not take part.
Image caption Ms Evans said pupils are being given pro-EU colouring-in books
"It's everything there from colouring-in books on the Common Agricultural Policy for primary school children right up to research projects at university level.
"The amount of money that the EU is putting into this propaganda and throughout the entire education system is enormous," she said.
'Emotive term'
Mr O'Flynn added: "Let's be frank about it, opinion research shows that 16 and 17-year-olds are much more likely to be in support of Britain's membership of the European Union than is the population in general.
"And the electoral franchise does not allow 16 and 17-year-olds to vote and it's no wonder the Liberal Democrats wish to make this change but it's a gerrymandering change which is clearly intended to skew the result."
He also said there was a "vested interest potentially" in how EU citizens living in the UK would vote, if they were allowed to participate.
Image copyright David Cheskin Image caption Voting rights were extended to 16 and 17-year-old in the 2014 Scottish independence referendum
Asked if he thought school children were being brainwashed, Mr O'Flynn said: "It is an emotive term but I wouldn't demur from the description of brainwashing."
He called for a "fair" referendum which sticks to the current voting rules for UK general elections.
Commenting on the letter by 100 business leaders publicly backing another Conservative-led government, Mr O'Flynn said it was "no surprise" big business wanted to maintain the "status quo".
Immigration targets?
He said he accepted big business was unlikely to support UKIP because of its stance on the EU, but insisted the party had the support of small businesses.
Ms Evans indicated that UKIP would set out further details of its plans to cut business rates in its general election manifesto.
She also told the gathered media that the manifesto would not include a target number for UK immigration, saying too many politicians had talked about numbers and targets that could not be met.
The party previously had to deny a U-turn on a target after its spokesman Steven Woolfe said immigration would be capped at 50,000 per year.
On Tuesday, party leader Nigel Farage said he would like immigration to return to "normal" levels, which he said was about 30,000 a year.
2014 NFL Power Rankings: Week 5 ESPN.com
Week: Select Pre 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
Which 3-1 teams are for real? That was one of the biggest questions facing ESPN's Power Panel (a group of more than 80 writers, editors and TV personalities) this week.
With Seattle, Cincinnati and Denver entrenched in the top three thanks to Week 4 byes, the focus shifted to those within striking distance. Of the six teams at 3-1, San Diego owns the highest position (No. 5), followed by Philadelphia (No. 6) and Baltimore (No. 7). The lowest ranking among the 3-1 brigade belongs to Houston at No. 13.
Is anyone in this group poised to make a move in Week 5? The Cowboys and Texans go head-to-head Sunday, so one will take another step toward contender status. The Ravens play at Indianapolis, with a possible top-five spot in the balance.
A top-five ranking also could be within reach for the 3-1 Lions (No. 8). But after squandering a fast start last season, Matthew Stafford & Co. need to avoid slip-ups against Buffalo and Minnesota in the coming weeks to prove they're indeed legit.
Note: The comments below are provided by ESPN Stats & Information.
• SN: Rank 'Em | Vegas rankings | Patriots' problems start on offense | Team Power Rankings charts since 2002
ISLAMABAD: Advisor to the Prime Minister on Foreign Affairs Sartaj Aziz informed National Assembly that in all 11,764 Pakistanis are imprisoned or detained in other countries and all accredited missions are extending all possible legal and consular assistance to them.
He informed the House that respective diplomatic missions abroad undertake regular consular visits to the prisoners and detainees for necessary legal and financial assistance.
Pakistan's Community Welfare and Education Fund being administered by Ministry of Foreign Affairs is also utilised to extend legal assistance to Pakistanis detained abroad, including payment of lawyer's fee, fines and cost of repatriation of destitute Pakistanis detained or imprisoned abroad, upon completion of sentences or release from detention, he stated.
He informed that 105 Pakistanis are detained in Bulgaria due to illegal crossing or overstay among whom six Pakistanis have been convicted while 99 are under detention due to overstay or illegal crossing. The government is offering them legal assistance but apparently, many of them have the desire to move to other destinations instead of coming back.
He stated that the diplomatic efforts are being made for their early repatriation to Pakistan. However, the exact time of return cannot be given since the local law also involves in their repatriation.
When asked about verification of such citizens, the advisor said, the government has a strict verification in place and there is no reason that citizens of other countries who might have travelled abroad on fake Pakistani documents, could be deported to Pakistan.
Answering a supplementary question, the advisor stated, 300 to 400 Pakistanis are also under detention in Turkey who has been sent there from European countries and Turkish government facilitating them till they are back to Pakistan.
He also informed the House that when any case of detention surfaces Pakistani mission in respective country approaches authorities and legal aid is provided to detained persons.
When asked about payment to lawyers, he said, it is paid by Welfare Attaché through the welfare fund to local lawyers in consultation with authorities in Pakistan.
The advisor revealed that besides Iran, India and Gulf States, there is no Pakistani fisherman imprisoned elsewhere.
The offseason provides the perfect time for the Chicago Bears to look back over their team and their season to evaluate what went wrong and what went right across the board.
Here at Bears Wire, we're doing the same thing, going position by position through the 2016 Bears and grading every player. We already looked at the quarterbacks, running backs, and wide receivers. Now, we're on to the versatile tight ends.
Zach Miller: B-minus
Lost in the Bears' quarterback struggles this season was Zach Miller having the best year of his career. The problem was, his season only lasted 10 games before a foot injury ended his year. That has been the story of his career, and the team may be looking for a long-term replacement for the 32-year old this offseason.
Season stats: 64 targets, 47 catches, 486 receiving yards, four touchdowns
Logan Paulsen: D
Logan Paulsen was brought in to be a blocking specialist as the number two tight end, and he couldn't even do that well. He was often a liability on the field, and the only thing that kept him from getting an “F” was his contributions on special teams, where he played a solid but unspectacular role.
Season stats: 10 targets, three catches, 15 receiving yards
Daniel Brown: C-plus
After sitting on the active roster dormant for almost a month, Daniel Brown got his shot late in the season and started to show some qualities to like. He was a reliable receiver in his limited role and a capable blocker, and he made a case to be brought back to compete for a backup role in the future.
Season stats: 20 targets, 16 catches, 124 receiving yards, one touchdown
Ben Braunecker: C-minus
Ben Braunecker was far from a liability on the field, but he really failed to be a difference-maker in any area as a rookie. He was extremely average in the little playing time he did receive, and the jury is certainly still out on what his future could be in Chicago.
Season stats: six targets, four catches, 41 receiving yards
Position Grade: C
Miller was the only play-makers at the position this year, and after he went down, it was largely an average performance from the remaining players. Tight end didn't really hurt the offense this year, but it didn't do a ton to push it forward overall.
The first two buildings erected on the Warren estate property , purchased by the Institute after the 1904 fire which destroyed the Main Building , were the Carnegie Building (described in our last Continuing Up the Hill post) and Walker Laboratory. These two buildings mark the beginning of Rensselaer's red brick-green roof campus.
The Institute's growing student body (up from 175 students in 1899 to 426 in 1905) put an increasing strain on the facilities in Winslow Laboratory and in 1905 it was decided to build a new state-of-the-art facility. The Walker Laboratory was constructed at the same time as the Carnegie Building and was finished at the end of 1906 for a cost of $110,000. J.J. Albright, (Class of 1868), contributed $50,000 for the new laboratory. The building was designed by the Lawlor (Class of 1888) & Hesse architectural firm. The building's 22 rooms included five large laboratories for various specialties. In 1913 changes were made to enlarge the laboratory spaces. Then in 1917 the increasing number of chemical engineering students made it evident that yet more laboratory space was required and the building's size was doubled by an addition on its east side in 1921.
Shortly after the building was completed in 1906 it was named the William Weightman Walker Laboratory in memory of Dr. William Weightman Walker (Class of 1886), in gratitude to Mrs. R.J. Walker, Dr. Walker's mother, who was a major benefactor to Rensselaer after the Main Building fire.
A two year renovation of Walker Laboratory was completed in 1996 to incorporate 21st century innovations in the teaching of chemistry, including state-of-the-art wet labs and studio classrooms. At present the building is used for interactive learning in chemistry and related fields. It has housed the undergraduate chemistry program since it opened in 1906.
Walker Laboratory, circa 1905
Walker Laboratory, circa 1920
Walker Laboratory interior circa 1910
Walker Laboratory interior circa 1910
Walker Laboratory interior circa 1907
Walker Laboratory, circa 1997
Walker Laboratory, circa 1997
Walker Laboratory interior circa 1997
Walker Laboratory interior circa 1997
CLOSE Talking to reporters aboard Air Force One, President Trump said he's agreed to a very good deal to fund the government and increase the nation's borrowing limit for three months as part of an agreement to rush disaster aid to Harvey victims. (Sept. 6) AP
Brent Cooper is Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce's new president. (Photo: Provided)
U.S. Rep. Thomas Massie expected some criticism after being one of three votes against an aid package for Hurricane Harvey victims.
But he certainly didn't expect his local Chamber of Commerce to call him a 'piece of sh*t.'
The Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce tweeted out the explicit opinion of the Garrison Republican Wednesday afternoon; it was deleted shortly after.
"Wow, what a piece of sh*t," the Northern Kentucky Chamber tweeted with a link to a story about Massie's vote.
It didn't take long to find out how a chamber of commerce ended up comparing a member of Congress to excrement.
Within hours, a marketing firm contracted by the Northern Kentucky Chamber took responsibility and apologized.
An employee for Covington-based Scooter Media intended to tweet the sharp critique of Massie through a personal account and accidentally tweeted it via the chamber's account, according to a statement from the company.
"The personal comment in no way reflects the views of the Northern Kentucky Chamber of Commerce or that of Scooter Media broadly," Shannan Boyer, president of Scooter Media, said in a statement.
The employee, who was not named, has been suspended pending further inquiry.
The incident created an uncomfortable situation for newly-elected Northern Kentucky Chamber President Brent Cooper. Once he became aware of the errant tweet, Cooper told The Enquirer he launched an investigation. Cooper called Massie to apologize.
"It doesn't reflect the feeling of the chamber of commerce," Cooper said. "I apologize to Thomas Massie or anyone else who saw it."
Massie maintained a sense of humor about it with a tweet pretending it referred to the hurricane aid bill and not him.
"Well, I'm not crazy about the bill either, but I don't know if I would call it that," Massie tweeted.
Well I'm not crazy about the bill either, but I don't know if I would call it that. 😊#sassywithmassiepic.twitter.com/OfHvD4UwDY — Thomas Massie (@RepThomasMassie) September 6, 2017
Massie was one of three members of the U.S. House to vote against $7.85 billion in aid for hurricane victims. The bill passed 419-3. In a statement he sent to The Enquirer, Massie said he voted against the measure because there weren't any budget cuts to offset the spending.
"With $20 trillion dollars of debt, and in the absence of a budget to guide spending, I believe that the unscheduled spending should be offset by equal cuts elsewhere," Massie said in the statement. "This bill recklessly increases the national debt because it contains no spending offsets."
Buy Photo Rep. Thomas Massie was one of three members of the U.S. House to vote against $7.85 billion in aid for hurricane victims. (Photo: The Enquirer/Scott Wartman)
The Northern Kentucky Chamber tapped Cooper as its new president in late August..
Cooper is the founder of Covington-based C-Forward Information Technologies. He will retain ownership of the company but turn day-to-day operations over to his management team. He has twice served as interim president of the chamber, including since former president Trey Grayson resigned earlier this year.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2eLLKfW
The Minnesota Vikings traded away their only real insurance at the game's most important position Friday night, a reckless and vindictive move that indisputably weakened the team in order to avoid the appearance of impropriety on the depth chart.
Sage Rosenfels was traded even though he was Minnesota's best backup at quarterback. AP Photo/Tony Avelar
I haven't always praised Sage Rosenfels during his two year-career with the Vikings, but this preseason he proved to be the Vikings' only competent backup behind Brett Favre. He far outperformed Tarvaris Jackson, who apparently has a tenured position unaffected by his performance. What anyone wouldn't give for the kind of job security he has.
Let's be perfectly clear: Rosenfels was traded Friday night to the New York Giants because he beat out Jackson for the No. 2 job. As crazy as it sounds, that's what happened. The problem was that coach Brad Childress long ago chose Jackson as his No. 2 quarterback and still hasn't given up on his prospects as a long-term starter. Childress never embraced Rosenfels' acquisition in March 2009, a move orchestrated not by him but by vice president of player personnel Rick Spielman, and inexplicably banished him to the bottom of the depth chart.
Rosenfels hasn't always practiced well, but his 111.7 passer rating this preseason was more than twice that of Jackson. But no matter how sloppy and inaccurate Jackson was, nothing would change Childress' mind. He said last week that he had seen what he needed to see in practice, and my understanding is he made it clear within the organization that under no circumstances would Rosenfels make the final 53-man roster.
Instead, the Vikings seem poised to keep rookie Joe Webb as their No. 3. Webb showed flashes of elite athleticism during the preseason but is in no way capable of taking over an NFL team with playoff aspirations. It's fair to wonder the same about Jackson, but trading Rosenfels allowed the organization to get some level of return -- one draft pick in 2011 and perhaps a conditional pick in 2012 -- and eliminate the uncomfortable dynamic of an upside-down depth chart.
Favre hasn't missed a start in 19 years, so much of this conversation could be moot. But trading away players because they outperformed underachieving (but favored) incumbents is no way to build a team. At least, not in my book.
Note: Surprisingly, the trade also sent kick returner/running back Darius Reynaud to the Giants. I wonder if that means Percy Harvin will resume his role as a kickoff returner. I have no idea who will return punts, although cornerback Asher Allen did get some work there in the preseason.
The venn diagram that connects pro wrestling and heavy metal just got a little bigger. You know, we here at Metal Injection are big fans of both forms of entertainment, as proved by our podcast Squared Circle Pit, where we interview musicians about pro wrestling.
One noted musician who is a big fan of pro wrestling is Glenn Danzig. I first learned of this fact when Danzig said I looked like the son of the Big Show when I interviewed him back in 2010. Now, noted pro wrestling superstar and renowned podcaster Chris Jericho got Danzig to open up in his first podcast interview ever, and pretty interestingly, Danzig revealed that he always wanted to be a pro wrestler, but thought he was too small:
"I wanted to be a wrestler. Yeah! But I didn't think I was big enough. Then I met some wrestlers and I'm like 'I could've been a wrestler.' But it all worked out pretty good in the end. [laughs]"
Danzig and Jericho noted that when they first met, Danzig recognized him from old tapes of Smokey Mountain Wrestling, a small time mid-west promotion ran by Jim Cornette that was funded by Rick Rubin, Danzig's producer. Later in the show, Jericho asked Danzig who his favorite wrestlers were:
"My favorite all-time wrestler is Freddie Blassie. And then I like Superstar Billy Graham" later adding "I used to love Macho Man when he first broke in, and was the anti-hero. He was a bad guy but people rooted for him. There are so many great characters in wrestling. One of my new favorites is the Wyatt Family. It's this Cape Fear meets Charles Manson thing, it's pretty cool."
Danzig noted he still follows wrestling, and prefers it to sports like football and baseball:
"I love wrestling still, when something cool happens, I'm so excited . I don't watch football, I hate football, I hate baseball. I like watching wrestling because it's like this crazy spectacle. But still, it's very physical and violent… that's the kind of stuff I like."
Overall, it's a very eye-opening and chill interview with Danzig, who let his guard down with Jericho, as the two seem like good friends. They also discuss Elvis' influence on Danzig, working with Cherie Currie, horror movies and more.
Fun fact – Danzig reveals that he went to college for photography. Ironic, seeing as though Danzig is known for his no photo policy, even going as far as allegedly attacking photographers taking unauthorized photos. Speaking of photos, here's Danzig posing with some wrestlers…
Related Posts
The senator, who calls the leadership spill treachery, says ‘who knows what would happen' if the party becomes more like Labor under its new leader
Liberal senator Cory Bernardi has raised the threat of a split in the Liberal party over the new leadership, invoking the damaging battle that saw Malcolm Turnbull lose his leadership in opposition over climate change policy.
Bernardi, who has described this week's leadership spill which deposed Tony Abbott as “treachery”, was asked by conservative commentator Andrew Bolt if there was a possibility of a split.
“If we go back to the days when Malcolm Turnbull was determined to assist Kevin Rudd in putting in an emissions trading scheme, that was as close to seeing a split within the Liberal National coalition as I've ever seen and I would ever want to see,” Bernardi said.
Malcolm Turnbull says he'll end stupid, shouty politics – his critics should too Read more
“But certainly, you've got to have voices at the table and if we are going to be a party that goes down the path of being more like Labor, than like the traditional Liberal vision, which is a distinctly conservative vision, then who knows what will happen?
“But I don't want it to come to that, Andrew, I want us to be a mainstream conservative party, rather than just a vehicle for ‘anything goes, as long as I can climb the greasy pole'. And I know there are many Liberals that are concerned about that.”
Turnbull was preparing to unveil his new ministry on Sunday as reports surfaced that the noted republican prime minister would take a plan to abolish Abbott's newly reinstated imperial honours system to the party room.
The prime minister's office said any move to remove knights and dames was not a high priority and that the party room would be consulted.
On Sunday, Liberals were heartened by a win by their candidate Andrew Hastie in the Canning byelection with a 6% swing against the government when they had been bracing for 10% under Tony Abbott.
Sinodinos said: “I think it is a better result than we would have expected at the beginning of the campaign”.
Finance minister Mathias Cormman said: “It was a very good result for the Liberal party and it was a very good result for Andrew Hastie ... this is a great victory for the Liberal party under the leadership of Malcolm Turnbull.”
But Bernardi doubted whether the result was due to the change of leadership and countered that the long-term consequence of changing to Turnbull was damage to the Liberal brand.
Canning byelection win vindicates Turnbull's leadership, Liberals say Read more
He hit back at claims by key frontbencher and fellow South Australian Christopher Pyne that his views were “boutique”.
“This week, I've been criticised from pillar to post for demonstrating loyalty to the previous government. I had Christopher Pyne say I was a boutique politician, meaning, you know, I only appeal to a tiny little subsection of the community,” said Bernardi.
“When someone demonstrates loyalty in the Liberal party, when they stick up for the Liberal conservative principles, they're honest and have values and are determined to speak up for the silent majority, when that he is considered some sort of boutique narrow cast, I reckon the party has lost the broader approach it needs to have.”
But Arthur Sinodinos, John Howard's former chief of staff and a Turnbull loyalist, predicted the new prime minister would be much better at listening to his ministers in a veiled swipe at Abbott's leadership style.
Asked on the ABC if Turnbull's style of “going on a bit” was a problem, Sinodinos said “I'd rather have someone who goes on a bit and makes an effort to explain things rather than say ‘This is the way it's got to be and you've got to accept that'.”
Turnbull won the ballot by 54-44 in the party room on Monday night while Julie Bishop won the deputy's position 70-30 to Kevin Andrews. While the losing votes may be an indication of the number of Liberals upset with the decision, Abbott won the leadership in 2009 by one vote.
Turnbull will unveil his first ministry on Sunday afternoon. Scott Morrison is expected to be appointed treasurer and more women are expected to move into the ministry.
Sinodinos gave some clues as to how the new Turnbull government would approach key policy areas and the mechanics of government. He made the point that while Turnbull was part of the cabinet that agreed on the renewable energy targets post-2020, the debate would move away from that seen under Abbott.
Last month, the government unveiled emissions targets of 26% below 2005 levels by 2030, which was less ambitious than most other developed countries.
“I think you will see that there will be a bit of an end to the idea that the environment and development have to be a loggerhead, that is a zero sum game – it's not,” said Sinodinos.
“Good environmental policies can be good economic policies and they give you capacity to deal with environmental issues.
“I don't think we should be hung up on the battles of the past, the battles of 2009 and whatever and also to accept that existing resources as well as renewables have their place, forgive the pun, in the sun. It is very important that we now move on from those battles.”
Sinodinos's remarks refer to the Liberal party leadership spill over climate change which resulted in Turnbull being dumped as opposition leader in favour of Abbott.
Cory Bernardi reveals his grandmother may have been Indigenous Read more
Sinodinos predicted the leaks to media of internal cabinet workings could be addressed by having a more consultative style of government and a more diverse cabinet membership which allows the “interplay of opinions”.
“What's important about leaks is, again, giving people the opportunity to have their say because if people feel they don't have ownership of what's going on, they've got nothing to lose then by being outside the tent if you like,” Sinodinos said.
“So it's very important, if you want to stop leaks, make sure people feel like their opinion is valued and they are in the tent.”
Bernardi said he has had thousands of people contact him complaining the Liberal party had become too much like the Labor party in jettisoning a leader midterm.
Asked about Scott Morrison's role in the coup – given he voted for Abbott but did not direct his supporters either way – Bernardi said there's “a lot of mistrust”.
“Ultimately, the only thing you've got going for you in this business is your credibility and integrity and if you give that up cheaply, it's very, very hard to get back and I think some people have given it up pretty cheaply this week,” Bernardi said.
JED Archive Closing
The JED Team will be closing down the Joomla 1.5 Extensions Archive on March 1, 2014.
The archive was created in February of 2013, following community feedback, to allow users an additional year to find Joomla 1.5 extensions. It also has aided developers to transition their extensions and in some cases fork abandoned extensions to 2.5 and 3.x.
The JED's 1.5 Timeline
April 1, 2012 : we stopped accepting Joomla 1.5 extension submissions.
: we stopped accepting Joomla 1.5 extension submissions. February 15, 2013 : the Joomla 1.5 compatibility icon was disabled for new submissions.
: the Joomla 1.5 compatibility icon was disabled for new submissions. February 15, 2013 : the Joomla 1.5 Extension Archive site was deployed on http://archive.extensions.joomla.org.
: the Joomla 1.5 Extension Archive site was deployed on http://archive.extensions.joomla.org. March 1, 2013 : We removed listings that were marked as Joomla 1.5 only and removed the 1.5 icons.
: We removed listings that were marked as Joomla 1.5 only and removed the 1.5 icons. March 15, 2013 : all non-compatible listings were purged from the system.
: all non-compatible listings were purged from the system. March 1, 2014: the Joomla 1.5 Extension Archive site will be closed.
A copy of the site will be packed and put into storage. At this time, we have no intentions of distributing or sharing any portions of the archive outside of the Joomla Project.
You can comment on this blog post here.
Gang funeral processions from Chicago to the suburbs are a regular, violent and increasing problem for suburban officials, according to the Hillside police chief who was personally involved in stopping and arresting four armed "mourners" on Tuesday.Dashcam video from Hillside police cruisers shows Chief Joseph M. Lukaszek ramming his SUV into a car that he says was carrying armed funeral attendees. Other Hillside units then swarm the scene.Chief Lukaszek said the vehicle had been involved in a Chicago shooting outside the church where the funeral service had been held, bringing the ceremony to an abrupt end. The first of several shooting scenes was at Prince of Peace Baptist Church in the South Austin neighborhood, in the 5400-block of West Van Buren Street, police said.There were reports of additional gunshots and highway mayhem during the procession out west.Hillside police followed the funeral cortege to Oakridge Cemetery, 4301 Roosevelt Road, and kept the gun car under surveillance - choosing to intercept it after the burial."We are safer stopping the car on Mannheim," Lukaszek told the I-Team. "We waited until he walked back into the car as soon as they were far enough from the cemetery, so as not to create a larger disturbance. That's when we decided to move in."After crashing his police vehicle into the gun car, Lukaszek said the suspects began to run."One of the passengers pulled out a firearm and he tripped," he said.Police caught three men and a woman - all in their 20s - and will be charged on Thursday, according to investigators. The suspects have extensive criminal histories according to detectives, with a total of more than 160 previous arrests.Police said that they found three handguns with "high-capacity magazines and high-impact ammunition."There were as many as 150 mourners at Oakridge Cemetery. Suburban law enforcement recently met with Catholic cemetery officials about the problem of gang-funerals-gone-wild."All are having the same issues," Lukaszek said. "It is out of hand. It's more of a time to act like a complete fool and not mourn."He said that the cemeteries are "taking it seriously" and discussing hiring additional police for extra patrols.
“They were as integral to the house as any other component,” Mr. O'Connor said.
Amy Harrington McAuley, who owns Oculus Fine Carpentry in Portland, Ore., agreed that homeowners with old houses are more focused on saving the windows, but, she added, “Sometimes where they get stumbled is, ‘How do I fix them?' ”
Ms. McAuley is a speaker this week at the first National Window Preservation Summit in Bledsoe, Ky., where about two dozen people have gathered to help people answer that question by drafting national standards for old-window restoration. Organized by a collaborative of window restorers, the conference is sponsored by, among others, the Preservation Trades Network, a group supporting traditional building trades, and the Kentucky State Historic Preservation Office.
“It needs to be put into a standardized book,” said Duffy Hoffman, one of the drafters and a window restorer in Elkins, W.Va., about basic window-restoration techniques. “You can't replace the wood. You can't replace the craftsmanship that was put into it.”
The National Trust for Historic Preservation has also made protecting old windows a priority, devoting a section of its Web site to such topics as making old windows last. The group's site offers a model letter for individuals to use to urge the United States Senate to pass Home Star, an energy bill that would provide tax benefits to homeowners who make old windows more energy-efficient. (The House passed its own Home Star bill this year.) Homeowners can already receive tax benefits for installing efficient new windows. “We're just trying to spread the word, so people can make good choices,” said Rebecca Harris, a program officer at the trust, who pointed out that installing new windows in old homes, whose original windows often have unusual shapes, can distort the overall architectural design.
“They don't automatically have to go to replacement,” Ms. Harris said of homeowners.
Robyn Brothers is one homeowner who regrets that impulse. A previous owner of Ms. Brothers's 1857 Greek Revival home in Marshfield, Mass., had ripped out the original windows and replaced them with new ones. However, “You could hear the traffic more” through the new windows, Ms. Brothers said, and that annoyance, combined with other problems with the replacements, led her to buy new replacements. But she paid a "shocking sum" for those windows, she said, and they were "not even high-end."
Moreover, Ms. Brothers said, there is also a vague feeling of loss when the originals are gone. “It's really striking when the windows have been replaced,” she said. “It's like the house loses some of its character, its soul.”
Photo
When Ms. Brothers decided to renovate a 1940s home she owns nearby, she insisted on keeping the old windows.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The proponents of preserving old windows are trying hard to buck the still-strong belief that new windows are more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly than old ones. They say that preserving old windows means those windows will not be tossed into a landfill, adding to the waste stream, and that old windows are usually made from old-growth wood that can, and often already has, withstood the test of time. New windows, they say, with their many synthetic components, may not be as durable.
Old-window advocates do admit that it is hard for an old window to match the energy efficiency of a new one. But with the right steps it can come very close, said Paul Button, an energy auditor in Manchester, N.H.
For example, Mr. Button recommends installing a boxed cornice, a horizontal box above a window that hides the curtain rod, to help circulate the heat from room radiators around the window area. Also, he said, a good storm window is crucial for maximizing the window's efficiency.
Mr. Button and others have also noted that the maintenance of old windows that are in decent shape can cost as little as a gallon of paint, while new high-efficiency windows can cost thousands of dollars each.
“Stay on the paint, that's really all there is to it,” said Steve Quillian, the owner of Wood Window Makeover in Tampa, Fla.
Of course, refurbishing may also require other minor tasks, such as caulking, and some window jobs can be complicated. Lead paint must often be completely removed, for example, and salvaging rotted wood, while possible, often requires the help of a professional.
In some homes, a previous owner may have painted or caulked the windows permanently shut in the hope of blocking drafts; undoing that measure can be tricky. And some windows are in such bad shape that they simply can't be saved.
At Ms. Jones's farmhouse, the windows were not in great condition and had to be stripped down to bare wood, cleaned of lead paint and fully refurbished. While she is pleased with the look, the work was costly and the windows can sometimes be hard to operate, which makes her worry about her children opening them in an emergency.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's obviously not a seamless operation,” Ms. Jones said as she tried to get one of the windows to stay open, a tricky procedure involving an original pin-and-groove mechanism.
But to Ms. Jones and others, preserving the character of their homes is worth it.
Joe and Rebecca Titlow bought their red 1721 farmhouse in Bedford, Mass., four years ago, planning to restore it. New windows weren't even an option; the home is on the National Register of Historic Places.
Photo
On a muggy morning this month, the window holes on the ground floor of the Titlow farmhouse were covered with plastic sheets, the windows themselves having been popped out for repair. A crew for “This Old House,” which is planning an episode about the home, was preparing to film for the day.
The previous owner had caulked and painted the windows shut, Ms. Titlow said, and a major goal was to be able to open them. Alison Hardy, the owner of Window Woman of New England, who was refurbishing the windows, said that they were in reasonably good shape for such an old house, but that some wood rot had to be addressed and some paint stripped. She is also repainting the windows and reglazing them with a soybean-oil based putty.
On this day, Ms. Hardy was upstairs, reinstalling a fully refurbished window in its original opening. Its white frame slid up and down easily, just as it presumably had in the early 1700s.
“I'm so excited,” Ms. Titlow said.
For Ms. McAuley, the window restorer in Oregon, the payoff for such intensive work is both making the homeowner happy and restoring a sense of the past.
She put it this way: “You can't get much closer to history than looking through that glass knowing the people behind you were looking through that same glass, looking at the world.”
What to Look Out For
WHILE the prospect of refurbishing an old window can be daunting, it is usually not difficult if the window is in decent shape.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“It's as easy as going outside and mowing the grass,” said Steve Quillian, the owner of Window Wood Makeover, in Tampa, Fla.
Making sure the window has a fresh coat of paint is the most important step, window restorers say, because it ensures that water rolls off the wood and won't seep in, causing rot.
Homeowners should also check the glaze, the puttylike substance that holds the window in the frame. Glaze can crack and peel with age, allowing wind and the elements to penetrate the window.
All paint should be stripped off the jambs; except for weatherstripping, the jambs should remain bare wood because a painted surface makes opening and closing the window difficult.
If the window has a pulley system, remove all paint from the ropes to help them slide easily.
Locks are not just for security; a good one will make the window tight and keep out drafts. If the area around the window is cold, a thick set of curtains can prevent the chill from seeping into the room.
Small areas of wood rot can be easily repaired with epoxy, window restorers say.
If it all seems daunting, there are many people who specialize in historic windows, often with a less-is-more ethos.
Ariel Pink and Jorge Elbrecht: "Hang on to Life" (via SoundCloud)
Today, Mexican Summer release a collaborative 7" by Ariel Pink and Jorge Elbrecht (of Violens and Lansing-Dreiden). The A-side is "Hang on to Life" (which is credited to "Ariel Pink featuring Jorge Elbrecht"), and the B-side is "No Real Friend" (by "Jorge Elbrecht and Ariel Pink"). Check out "Hang on to Life" above.
It's the first in a series of collaborative singles by Elbrecht-- next up is a collaboration with Chairlift's Caroline Polachek. His recent credits include production on the new No Joy and Au Revoir Simone records, and he's currently a member of Pink's band Haunted Graffiti.
Here's the artwork for the B-side:
Watch Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti play "Only in My Dreams" for Pitchfork.tv:
Embedded content is unavailable.
crime
The Pune police arrested a woman and her sister on Friday after she claimed her son was kidnapped, when in fact, this was a ruse to hide their deal over the kid
Pune: The Pune police arrested a woman and her sister on Friday after she claimed her son was kidnapped, when in fact, this was a ruse to hide their deal over the kid.
Also read: Woman sells off son to release jailed husband
The infant was rescued and handed over to his father
Police said the woman, Archana Mukesh Sonawane, (26), a resident of Kothrud, struck a deal to sell her son to her sister, Savita Sonaji Sankpal, (28), for Rs 2 lakh and some gold jewellery. She cooked up a kidnapping story to hide this from her husband.
On Wednesday Archana approached the Kothrud police station alleging that an unidentified person in an SUV grabbed her infant and fled. Accordingly the police registered a case of kidnapping and the investigation was handed over to the Crime Branch's Anti Extortion cell.
The investigation
Inspector Ganpatrao Pingale who is investigating the case said, “Archana had delivered a boy two months back. She had made a deal with her childless sister, Savita, who is a resident of Sambhajinagar in Ahmednagar, for gold ornaments and Rs 2 lakh cash. On Wednesday Archana approached us alleging that a masked man snatched her child near Paud.”
Also read: Woman sells infant to repay debt
API Vitthal Shelar said, “We inspected CCTV footage in the area where she claimed the kidnapping took place but did not find anything. Later when we grilled Archana she revealed everything. Another team went to Ahmednagar and zeroed in on Savita. But the boy was not with her. They had kept the child with a person named Bhima More. Savita was to pay the amount to her a month later when everything cooled down.”
Father relieved
The infant was handed over to Archana's husband Mukesh Sonawane and her mother-in-law. Mukesh said, “I did not know that my wife could sell my child for R2 lakh. Stringent action must be taken against her. Doesn't she have any feelings?”
Dec. 13, 2013
TUSCALOOSA, Ala. - University of Alabama Director of Athletics Bill Battle is pleased to announce that head football coach Nick Saban and the University have concluded a new long-term agreement.
"We are very pleased to have this agreement completed," said Saban. "Terry and our family are very happy in Tuscaloosa. It has become home to us. This agreement allows us to continue to build on the tremendous success that we have enjoyed to this point - successes that have transcended the football field. We are excited about the future and the University of Alabama is where I plan to end my coaching career.
"We are committed to continuing the work that we have been doing in the community as well as at the University. We are also excited about the opportunity awaiting us on Jan. 2 in the Allstate Sugar Bowl against the University of Oklahoma and hope to send this year's tremendous senior class out in the proper way."
"We are pleased to announce that head football coach Nick Saban has agreed to a new long-term agreement," said Bill Battle , University of Alabama Director of Athletics. "Coach Saban is the best in the business and has led our program to the pinnacle of college football. This agreement is a strong indication of our mutual commitment to building on the foundation he has established."
"The entire University of Alabama family is thrilled that Coach Nick Saban will continue to be the head coach of the Crimson Tide," said Dr. Judy L. Bonner, University of Alabama President. "We appreciate the commitment that he and Terry have to our players and their success on the field, in the classroom and throughout their lives. Coach Saban's passion for excellence combined with his hard work and integrity are hallmarks of his teams, who are champions in every way."
"The University of Alabama has finalized a contract agreement with the finest football coach in our country and this contract will keep Nick Saban at the University of Alabama for the remainder of his career," said Dr. Robert E. Witt, Chancellor of the University of Alabama System.
The agreement is subject to approval by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Trustees of the University of Alabama System.
Dalton McGuinty's austerity agenda began in earnest with a speech he delivered to the Canadian Club last January in which he said, “it is simply not possible to reduce spending without addressing salary expenditures.”
But after the Ontario Premier's surprise resignation, and as Mr. McGuinty's Cabinet colleagues past and present consider runs at the provincial party leadership, it's possible his austerity plan expired with his leadership on Monday night.
Dwight Duncan, the Finance Minister, released a statement on Tuesday afternoon that welcomed news that union leaders were willing to negotiate with the government on possible wage freezes now that the man they had branded as “worse than Harris” had removed himself from the picture.
“We will work with anyone who is willing to work with us to eliminate the deficit and protect jobs and public services,” Mr. Duncan said. “The McGuinty government has always preferred this approach.”
[np-related]
The Finance Minister reiterated that the fiscal plan contains no money for incremental compensation increases, a position that suggests the only deals open to public-sector unions are the same wage-freeze deals that were on the table before Mr. McGuinty took his leave.
That may be enough. Warren “Smokey” Thomas, president of the Ontario Public Service Employees Union, said Mr. McGuinty was “ducking responsibility for his government's failed political schemes,” but also that the union would be able to bargain “without a guillotine over our heads” — a reference to the now-dead proposed legislation that would have imposed new contracts on public-sector workers if favourable agreements couldn't be reached.
But while the unions may be encouraged in the short term by the removal of the government's legislative hammer, their interest in accepting Mr. Duncan's hardline approach will wane if the process drags on and particularly if the race to succeed Mr. McGuinty becomes a referendum on his post-election austerity strategy.
The premier is trying to duck a scandal of his own making
Some of the possible contenders for the Liberal leadership are unlikely standard-bearers for a crackdown on union pay. Kathleen Wynne, the Minister of Aboriginal Affairs, was education minister during the years of labour peace with teachers in which they were awarded generous pay increases. Glen Murray, the downtown Toronto MPP and former mayor of Winnipeg, and Gerard Kennedy, the former MPP, two names floated as leadership possibilities, are similarly left-of-centre in their views.
Mr. Duncan, who on Tuesday was the only Cabinet member to firmly acknowledge he was considering trying to succeed his boss — other ministers said it was too early to talk about such things — would be the natural choice if the Liberals wanted to keep the focus on cost-cutting. But that strategy, which had eroded Mr. McGuinty's organized labour base, requires sticking to a plan that someone who had won three straight elections appears to have decided was untenable in the next general election.
Evidence of the damage done to the Liberals' pro-union brand can be seen in the reaction of labour leaders on Tuesday to Mr. McGuinty's decision to prorogue.
“The premier is trying to duck a scandal of his own making,” said CUPE Ontario president Fred Hahn.
“He and his colleagues should have the strength of character to stand in the legislature and face the music over their costly attempt to buy votes by cancelling electricity plant contracts.”
Sam Hammond, the president of the Elementary Teachers' Federation of Ontario, said he hoped provincial Liberals “would get back to being Liberals” and adopt a “balanced approach” that would include repealing Bill 115, which imposed wage freezes on teachers.
Will one of the leadership contenders adopt that advice? And will the Liberals heed it? If so, then Mr. McGuinty's legacy will include a deficit-fighting plan that was unexpectedly short-lived.
National Post, with files from The Canadian Press
For the past two decades we have been training leaders to manage people by empowering them. Leaders who were authoritarian, who behaved like a parent instead of a coach, were seen as dinosaurs at the end of their era. Times change.
This is how a recent conversation with a client, an enlightened and successful leader, unfolded: “I was speaking with my boss and he told me that, right now, I need to be more directive with my team. I told him I wanted to ask my coach if she agreed.” She was clearly skeptical of his advice. My response? “I agree.” We then had a conversation about what it meant to be directive in 2009, and the techniques and skills she would need to employ.
How, after all these years of helping people to draw on their ability to align, motivate and energize people could I possibly suggest she be more directing? Because the current situation requires it, and that is what situational leadership is all about. The times don't require a return to command-and-control, but they do require leaders to tighten up on fundamental people management principles.
When to be More Directive as a Leader
1. When the environment is uncertain. When there is a high level of uncertainty the ability for people to make clear and confident decisions diminishes. The signs and signals they usually use to guide them are unavailable or conflicting. In these circumstances people can become paralyzed. Their failure to make a decision means action is also stalled. If people are unable to make decisions you will need to step in and help them.
2. When time is of the essence. When there is a high sense of urgency around getting things done, a more structured leadership style is appropriate. This is the time to be more prescriptive around ‘what' and ‘how'. This can feel uncomfortable and may require some de-programming around how you typically manage. This is the time to provide crystal-clear expectations and closely monitor progress.
3. When accuracy is critical to success. Ensuring things are done right requires you to spend more time reviewing the output of your team. Don't be afraid to get out the red pencil and provide very specific correction and feedback. Communicate the importance of attending to details and insist people double-check things before they pass them along to you.
4. When the demand to deliver intensifies. When you are feeling increased pressure from your manager you need to translate that into a productive action plan for your team. Interestingly enough, stepping up your cheer-leading behavior rarely leads to increased activity and focus on the part of others. To send a message that something has shifted and people need to behave differently, you need to change how you communicate.
Key Principles for Effectively Directing the Work of Others
These are basic people management skills you likely learned when you took on your first leadership role. Discipline in applying them will help you provide structure and focus for others, create critical feedback loops, and enhance your team's ability to execute under pressure.
Linguistics scholar Benjamin Hary of Emory University will kick off the newly created Karen and Pace Robinson Lecture on Modern Israel at 7:30 p.m., Wednesday, August 29, in the McClung Museum auditorium at UT.
Hary's lecture, “The Politics of Judeo-Arabic: Israel as a Bilingual State,” is being presented by the Fern and Manfred Steinfeld Program in Judaic Studies in the Department of Religious Studies.
“We are fortunate to have a scholar as accomplished as Dr. Hary help us begin this new lecture series,” said Gilya Schmidt, a professor in religious studies and director of the Steinfeld program. The lecture was made possible through the Karen and Pace Robinson Enrichment Fund, which was created to support public lectures and scholarship on the state of modern-day Israel.
Hary is a professor of Hebrew, Arabic, and linguistics at Emory University. His books include Multiglossia in Judeo-Arabic, Translating Religion, and Daily Life in Israel. He has published more than fifty articles and book reviews on Arabic and Hebrew linguistics as well as Judeo-Arabic, which is a continuum of Arabic dialects spoken by Jewish people living in the Arab world.
Following the presentation, a reception will be held upstairs at the McClung Museum. Both events are free and open to the public. Free parking will be available at Circle Park and in the C-8 commuter parking lot next to the museum.
For more information on the Fern and Manfred Steinfeld Program in Judaic Studies, visit the website.
—
C O N T A C T :
Charles Primm (865-974-5180, charles.primm@tennessee.edu)
Longtime business owner Harold Weisfeld was so motivated to show the high number of vacant properties in The Beach, he invited CBC Toronto for a drive along the popular lakeside stretch of Queen St. East.
"Empty, Empty, Empty!" Weisfeld shouted out during the drive, as he pointed to around 35 storefronts that are currently vacant; a phenomenon he said has gotten worse over the past year and a half.
"They all say, 'It's terrible,'" Weisfeld — affectionately known as Zoltz by his patrons— said of the businesses struggling to hang on in the area. Weisfeld has operated Ends, a discount clothing store on Queen Street East since 1982.
'Landlords have gone a little piggy'
At 73, Weisfeld is in a unique position. He is retiring, so he has sold his properties and is closing his shop next month after 35 years in business.
He blames increasing rents, the rise of online shopping, a short selling season in the lakeside neighbourhood and a reduction in foot traffic as competing struggles for other businesses.
"They're charging $18,000 a month, so who the hell is going to pay that?" he said as he drove passed one property that he said has sat vacant for six months. "I must admit, the landlords have gone a little piggy ... They've gone crazy with the rents."
Weisfeld said it's harder for landlords who have purchased within the last decade because they are carrying significantly higher mortgages. He said that combines with the fact that fewer people are able to afford to shop at independent retailers.
"[Local residents] are not supporting the local retailers for whatever reason. I think they're mortgaged poor," he said.
A growing number of storefronts in The Beach Village, such as this shop at 2052 Queen St. E., sit vacant as rising rents and other factors push merchants out. (Chris Glover/CBC)
The Toronto Association of Business Improvement Areas says many landlords city-wide are struggling with increased commercial property tax assessments, which are assessed on a four year cycle, and come into effect this year for the next four years.
Weisfeld jokingly said he didn't even look at his new property tax rate for 2017.
"You know, I don't look at it, because I don't want to get sick," he said with a wry smile.
'We're done,' says merchant after rent doubles
A couple of doors down from Ends, Bud's Coffee Bar is closing its doors. Owner Ken Galbraith was one of Weisfeld's tenants, but now that he's retiring, Galbraith's new landlord wants to double the rent from about $3,000 a month to about $6,000 a month.
"We were just sort of like, 'Oh, that's it, we're done,'" said Galbraith, remembering the moment he was presented with the new deal. "Different small businesses have gone out because the landlords have wanted a lot more rent. They've just had to close their doors. So, it's sad because The Beach is such a cool area."
After Ken Galbraith's commercial rent doubled at his Queen Street East coffee shop, Bud's Coffee Bar. He's weighing his options. (Chris Glover/CBC)
The shop has operated on Queen Street East for three years, but now Galbraith said he is considering relocating or closing for good.
"Do we go somewhere else? At $6,000, can I get $6,000 somewhere that is a different area that is more fruitful?" he asked.
'Wake-up call' coming for landlords
The Beach Village BIA said in the past three years its commercial vacancy rate has been unusually high at around nine per cent, or about 30 storefronts out of 320 on the strip.
This week city council is expected to approve a recommendation to seek the province's permission to completely remove the commercial vacant tax rebate by July 2018. Critics have argued the decades-old rebate encourages landlords to let their storefronts sit vacant.
BIA board member Michael Beirne, who is also a co-owner of Skwish — a new restaurant in The Beach Village, said that's one move local retailers are counting on to turn the problem around.
"I think it'll be a bit of a wake-up call to some of the landlords," he said. "I think empty storefronts don't do anything for the value of their property, nor does it do anything for the interest of the street."
The phenomenon of higher-than-normal commercial vacancy rates isn't confined to The Beach.
Earlier this week, CBC Toronto reported the Queen Street West BIA counted 40 storefronts that are closed in that trendy neighbourhood.
Danforth Mosaic on an 'upswing'
The rough ride some of Toronto's established neighbourhoods are facing is helping other neighbourhoods, said Billy Dertilis, who is the owner of Red Rocket Coffee on Danforth Avenue. He's also the chair of Danforth Mosaic BIA, which represents businesses on Danforth between Jones Avenue and Main Street.
"We've been traditionally underdeveloped and perhaps under-appreciated, so we're on the upswing," Dertilis said of the often-forgotten stretch of Danforth sandwiched between Greektown to the west and Danforth Village to the east.
Billy Dertilis, who runs Red Rocket Coffee on Danforth Avenue east of Greektown, moved his shop to the 'undervalued' neighbourhood from Leslieville five years ago in pursuit of cheaper rent. (Rob Krbavac/CBC)
The Danforth Mosaic BIA reports its vacancy rate has dropped from 17 per cent about 10 years ago to about six per cent now.
"I think a lot of businesses who can no longer afford to be in those hot spots are looking to move and find spaces that they can afford," Dertilis said.
CAIRO (Reuters) - An Egyptian court on Saturday sentenced a police officer to death for the 2012 killing of two men in the southern province of Qena, state news agency MENA reported.
Mahmoud Fathi Ali Al-Ataar, a police captain, was standing trial on charges of killing a local driver and a salesman in January 2012 and stealing 130,000 Egyptian pounds ($18,600) from the men.
The judge in Qena ruled that the policeman's file be referred to the mufti, the country's highest religious authority to whom death sentences are always sent for review.
The judge scheduled the next hearing in the trial until June 2, pending the mufti's review of the sentences, state news agency MENA reported.
Harsh sentences against policemen and soldiers are rare, but last month, an Egyptian court in Minya, another southern province, sentenced 529 supporters of the banned Muslim Brotherhood movement to death, drawing strong criticism from Western governments and human rights groups.
Sanders Valley High's Kristen Quigley (left) is congratulated by teammates after hitting a shot as head coach Julia Six (background left) applauds during the second half of the Division III girls basketball semifinals against Fort Defiance Window Rock High at Jobing.com Arena in Glendale on Friday, February 22, 2013. (Photo: David Wallace/azcentral sports)
Kristen Quigley had a shot at being part of history in the Native American Basketball Invitational, but instead of playing for a chance for a third straight girls gold championship with the Lady Magic, Quigley will be teaming up with her mom on the sidelines for a team less than two months in the making.
The Quigleys, along with a lineup of other high school girls from Navajo Nation, will compete as the Lady G-Girlz in Pool M of NABI, which kicks off Wednesday in local gyms around Phoenix as 128 indigenous teams from around the world compete in the 12th annual tournament.
This summer's tournament will be Kristen's fourth at NABI, but after moving across the Navajo Reservation from Monument Valley High to Gallup High in New Mexico, Lisa, Kristen's mom, saw that her daughter was running with a different group of girls.
Because her daughter was separated from her old teammates, Lisa, who played basketball in high school and received offers to play in community college, decided to start Lady G-Girlz with Kristen and a few of her high school teammates.
"I just wanted to try something new and see what I could do with different girls and a different team," Kristen said. "With the last team, I hardly played, but with this team, I could do more. We all have different games."
Since forming the team in late May, the Lady G-Girlz have only had a chance to play in a few tournaments — some without their entire lineup that will be playing in Phoenix this week. Coming into NABI, though, Kristen said she thinks they've got some great potential and great team chemistry, especially with such a new squad.
"We moved without the ball, we knew where we were at, we talked on offense and defense, and I think we're a really good all-around team," she said.
"I don't want to get my hopes too high. I'm really confident, but I don't want to go off being cocky. We're just there to have fun and play."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Sports Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Can't wait to read sports news? Get crucial breaking sports news alerts to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Sports Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Lady G-Girlz have some concrete reasons to be excited, though.
Earlier this summer in a tournament in Window Rock, Ariz. hosted by the Lady Magic, the Lady G-Girlz faced Kristen's old team twice. The Lady G-Girlz fell in the first meeting but worked their way back into the finals of the double-elimination tournament and beat the hosts.
Two weeks ago in a tournament in Gallup, N.M., Quigley's team took home another title, giving them great momentum coming into NABI.
"I think we're going to go far," Lisa said. "I expect a lot from these girls. They listen very well. They're very coachable."
The Lady G-Girlz' main threat is Ni'Asia MacIntosh, the team's tallest player at 6-feet 1-inch, with Kristen playing as either a point guard or small forward.
Briana Clah, one of the few Lady Magic players who have been on the squad to see each of their back-to-back NABI titles, said she was impressed by the Lady G-Girlz in their earlier meetings this summer, but she still would give the two-time defending champs the edge if the two were to meet again this week.
"I think we have more players that work together, and we already know how to win," Clah said. "Only four of us came back, but our coach got some new girls, and we worked with them, and I think once we really get going, we're actually a good threat."
Tens of thousands flee 'perfect storm'
Updated
Severe Tropical Cyclone Yasi has been upgraded to a category four system as it moves steadily towards north Queensland, where tens of thousands of people are fleeing their homes.
The Bureau of Meteorology says Yasi is still about 800 kilometres off the coast with wind gusts of up to 260 kilometres per hour at its centre.
The Tropical Cyclone Warning Centre says damaging wind gusts of up to 90 kilometres per hour are expected on coastal islands this morning.
It says there will be damaging gusts in excess of 125 kilometres per hour between Cooktown and Ingham by this afternoon.
Yasi is still on track to cross the coast somewhere between Cairns and Innisfail about 1am AEST on Thursday morning.
Its destructive winds and associated storm surges could affect an area from Cape Melville to Sarina.
The cyclone warning also extends inland to Georgetown and west of Charters Towers.
Residents in low-lying parts of Cairns and Townsville have been told to move to higher ground and patients from two Cairns hospitals are being flown to Brisbane overnight.
The Mayor of Cairns says the town is expecting damaging winds from Yasi to hit the town from midday today.
Mayor Val Schier has told Lateline that a storm surge close to three metres high is expected to arrive well before the cyclone hits.
She says far north Queensland region is facing its biggest cyclone in living memory.
"That obviously is going to inundate quite a lot of houses," she said.
"We've actually asked more than 30,000 people to evacuate; that's all those low-lying areas from Port Douglas, the northern beaches of Cairns, and right down to Bramston beach near Innisfail."
She says people should leave for higher ground or seek shelter at evacuation centres, which open at 6am today.
People who have to leave their homes and have nowhere to go should call 1300 99 31 91 for help finding emergency accommodation.
Ms Schier says the town is still recovering from an economic slow-down in recent years.
"We were just getting back on our feet and feeling really confident in the tourism industry and in our other industries as well, so this will be a big set-back if we end up getting a lot of damage as is predicted at the moment," she said.
Cairns resident Melissa Lovejoy is among the thousands in low-lying areas fleeing the cyclone.
"We just received a phone call and a text message that advised those in coastal low-lying areas, which is exactly where we're living, to get out tonight," she said.
"So we're in the process of packing up boxes with essential and family heirloom-type things, the dogs and the pet snake and getting out of here."
She says it has been an emotional experience packing up her house.
"I keep telling myself if we lose this house, because we're totally on the water, that it's just stuff, it can all be replaced. But sometimes your heart doesn't go that way," she said.
"And also just not knowing how much damage it's going to do and scared for other people, scared for the wildlife, and scared for Cairns; it's such a beautiful region. I'd hate to see it decimated by such severe winds and rain."
Another Cairns resident Graham Burridge says he expects his house will be destroyed by the predicted storm surge.
"We're eight metres away from the water and if the predictions are right about the storm surge, then if we stayed here we'd be using the house as a surf board and probably end up 20 kilometres inland," he said.
"So we've just decided discretion is the best part of valour and we'd rather see the house go ta ta and take our animals and valuables with us and go somewhere safe."
Army called to help
Meanwhile, soldiers are about to start doorknocking homes in low-lying areas of Townsville and issuing mandatory evacuation notices.
Queensland Premier Anna Bligh ordered the mandatory evacuations after lengthy discussions with the Townsville City Council yesterday afternoon about the threat from a cyclonic storm surge.
About 15,000 people have been ordered to leave almost 4,000 homes across the city.
Emergency evacuation centres have been activated to cater for up to 10,000 people.
Councillor Dale Last says forecasters expect winds of more than 100 kilometres per hour this morning and the evacuations have to be done beforehand.
"The level we're talking about is 5.1 metres, the normal king tide in Townsville is 4.1 metres ... so a metre above that," he said.
"So if you live in one of those low-lying areas, such as South Townsville, Railway Estate, you need to work out just where that extra one metre of water will reach, hence the reason why we're mandatory evacuating.
Council is hoping to have moved everyone out of the affected suburbs by the morning.
"The issue we have and the reason we're undertaking it tonight or starting to do the doorknock tonight is that we're expecting gale force building into destructive winds commencing from mid morning tomorrow," Councillor Dale said.
"So we just won't have the time tomorrow to go and doorknock the number of homes that we need to do so that's the reason we're starting tonight."
South of Cairns, cyclone preparations are well underway in the town of Cardwell.
The weather bureau predicts it will be subject to winds in excess of 125 kilometres per hour from this afternoon - 12 hours before Yasi crosses the coast.
Cardwell residents spent yesterday boarding up windows and stocking up on essentials.
Patrick Quirk from Maritime Safety Queensland says commercial shipping and recreational boat users have been well warned over the past week and should know to stay away from Cyclone Yasi.
He says he hopes no-one at sea is foolish enough to get too close to the system moving rapidly across the Coral Sea.
"There were some pictures going around comparing this to Larry, but this is a system which is almost beyond belief," he said.
"It's almost beyond description in the extent of the system and also the power of the system. It's almost a perfect storm."
Topics: cyclones, disasters-and-accidents, weather, cyclone, cairns-4870, qld, innisfail-4860, mackay-4740, townsville-4810
First posted
The U.S. Treasury announced last Thursday that the federal deficit was $128.7 billion in August. That's 13 percent lower than it was during the same month last year.
Washington typically records a budget surplus in September and $80 billion or so in black ink is in fact projected for next month. If that occurs as expected, the deficit for all of 2014 will be about $500 billion. That will be more than 26 percent below 2013 and the smallest federal deficit by far since 2008.
The deficit has been such a corrosive and destabilizing issue over the past six years that the Treasury's report should have provided an excuse for all of the participants in the budget debate to say something about the numbers.
Whether you like them and want to take a victory lap for the lowest deficit in six years, or hate them and want to criticize a deficit that still seems high in nominal terms, last Thursday presented the kind of rhetorical opportunity that in the past would have been too good for most people to pass up.
Instead there was nothing. The federal deficit that was such a big issue the past few years that it led to a government shutdown caused no response whatsoever.
On the day the Treasury reported, there was no statement (other than the Monthly Treasury Report that announced the August deficit) from at the two places where it might have been expected -- by the White House or Treasury Secretary Jack Lew. The cabinet official who has direct responsibility for the budget – budget director Shaun Donovan – didn't issue a statement on the OMB website either
The administration wasn't the only one to go silent. None of those most likely to be critical of the deficit such as House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH), Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI) issued a statement.
The tea party leaders in the House and Senate were similarly silent.
The deficit scold organizations that have been so active in the past like the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget also didn't issue a statement last Thursday.
And other than a few small articles, the media treated the August number as if it wasn't newsworthy at all.
In other words, the federal deficit has almost completely disappeared as an issue.
Some of the reason for this incredible disappearing act is that a rapidly declining deficit just isn't as valuable inside the beltway as one that is quickly rising.
That's one reason why the recent political focus has been shifting from the deficit, which has been dramatically declining, to the national debt, which even with a smaller deficit is still increasing.
But the bigger reason is that most everyone involved in the federal budget debate likely has concluded that it's not in his or her interest to talk about the deficit before the election.
The White House doesn't want to raise the issue and in the process give the GOP the chance to respond. The administration also doesn't want to be seen as celebrating when the general impression is that the economy isn't doing well for the average person.
The GOP doesn't want to remind people about the budget, which was the reason for its lowest approval rating of the past few years. The tea party doesn't want to be asked about why it isn't shutting down the government again.
And the deficit groups, which exist largely to reduce the deficit, have a much tougher time justifying their existence when it's falling.
Put this all together and you get a federal deficit that has all but disappeared from view, at least until the election is over.
In the meantime, the deficit will continue to be in the political equivalent of a witness protection program.
Blendover Episode 144:
We examine a disturbing case where a cop charged with child rape was allowed to remain employed by the police department; and then, there's a deal between University of Kent & Pornhub which has ruffled a few feathers. Later, Nintendo wants you to sleep, & we celebrate the GWAR cover of West End Girls. Our Craniumelody artist is The Whitlams, & we discover a virus that saps your brain-power.
Topics Discussed:
Shout-Outs and Other Remarks
Bad Cop No Donut
Pornhub and the University of Kent
The Whitlams
Nintendo
Alice in Chains
GWAR
Zombie Apocalypse
WTF: Fido Gets Some
WTF: An Erotic Haunted House
Cream
BlendoveR is the “trendover” podcast, bringing you the news that the news isn't covering. Presented by Greg Davies, we focus on topics that are not trending across the web and in the mainstream media, and have a knack accurate predictions of coming events, trends, and media coverage.
Shout-Outs
Arturo Ordaz @ Facebook
Doctor Who TARDISblend 80: Flatline
Doctor Who TARDISblend 81: In The Forest Of The Night
How Major News Outlets Pay-To-Trend Using Facebook Boost
The Origins of Thrash Metal
Jenn Weida @ Reddit
Jesse Tedford @ Facebook
Media Nox
Tiffony Wike @ DeviantArt
Bad Cop No Donut
Autopsy: Police shot black man with sword in back
Birmingham Police Department terminates officer charged with child sex abuse, rape in Alabaster
Cop kept his job after child molestation charges, now charged again with first-degree rape – still keeps job
Pornhub and the University of Kent
Football team are banned from wearing their Pornhub sponsored jerseys
University Balks at Club's Adult-Site Shirt Sponsorship
The Whitlams
Wikipedia: Gough Whitlam – Dismissal
Wikipedia: 1975 Australian constitutional crisis
Wikipedia: John Kerr (governor-general)
The Whitlams on Whitlam: “He took the theft of his name so gracefully”
Gough – The Whitlams [Lyrics]
The Whitlams @ Amazon
The Whitlams @ iTunes
The Whitlams – Official Site
The Whitlams @ Facebook
The Whitlams @ Last.fm
The Whitlams @ Wikipedia
The Whitlams @ YouTube
Nintendo
Nintendo's next gadget to track, improve sleep patterns
Alice In Chains
Alice in Chains New Video is Creepy, was Released Through BitTorrent
GWAR
GWAR covers Pet Shop Boys
GWAR @ Amazon
GWAR – Official Site
GWAR @ Facebook
GWAR @ Last.fm
GWAR @ MySpace
GWAR @ Twitter
GWAR @ Wikipedia
Zombie Apocalypse
A Virus Found In Lakes May Be Literally Changing The Way People Think
How To Survive A Real ‘Walking Dead' Zombie Apocalypse
There's a Virus Living in Your Throat That Could Sap Your Brain Power
Zombie Apocalypse: How The State Of Kansas Is Officially Preparing For A ‘Walking Dead' Scenario
WTF: Fido Gets Some
Oklahoma couple arrested in connection to video that shows woman engaging in sex acts with dog
WTF: An Erotic Haunted House
This Is What the Inside of an Erotic Haunted House Looks Like
Cream
Jack Bruce, Cream's Adventurous Bassist, Dies at 71
Cream @ Amazon
Jack Bruce – Official Site
Cream @ Facebook
Cream @ Last.fm
Cream @ Wikipedia
Recommended Listening:
“Gough” by The Whitlams streaming online at Last.fm
streaming online at “White Room” by Cream from the compilation Gold
from the compilation “West End Girls” by GWAR streaming online at AVClub.com
GOTHIC KNIGHTS Music used in the BlendoveR Intro Theme was performed and written by
'You never really think about it when you're in the pub'
Mumford & Sons‘ frontman Marcus Mumford has said that he regrets the band's name – going as far to dub it as ‘rubbish'.
The alt-folk singer was appearing on Radio X when Chris Moyles started to tease him for their choice of moniker.
“I regret our band name,” he said. “It's rubbish. It's a rubbish name.”
Read more: The stories behind 50 band names that you probably didn't know
Mumford continued: “You never really think about it when you're in the pub, you've done your first rehearsal, you've written your first song and someone's like: ‘you need a band name now'.”
Meanwhile, Mumford & Sons have been confirmed to play a special charity gig for War Child with Keane's Tom Chaplin at their new venue the Omeara on Thursday 22 November.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
“There's a bit of trying to stop the demise of London venues,” Mumford's Ben Lovett told NME about setting up the Omeara. “It's exciting to try and come up with something that's at that club level where a band potentially has their defining moment like, ‘Smash that gig and then you're on your way!' Culturally, London's been falling slightly behind places like Manchester, Leeds, and Brighton. When I was a teenager growing up in London, it had an element of trashy edginess that let you be a bit more expressive and rebellious.”
Sean Walkinshaw started on pole alongside Newey for the fourth and final race of the weekend, with Tatiana Calderon and Fittipaldi on the second row.
At the start, Newey took the lead of the race from Walkinshaw, with Fittipaldi slotting in second and Alessio Picariello moving up ahead of Nikita Troitskiy.
Race leader Newey was then penalised for a false start, which dropped him to second-to-last at the end of the third lap and handed Fittipaldi the lead.
Picariello caught up with Calderon and passed her to slot himself in second, as the Colombian then lost another place to Troitskiy.
It just wasn't Newey's day, with his father Adrian Newey looking on from the garage, as the British driver was shown the black flag with two laps to go.
At the front, Fittipaldi maintained a healthy lead to take victory from Picariello, who clocked the fastest lap with a 1m59.372s.
Troitskiy kept Calderon at bay to take the final spot on the podium, as fellow Russian Nerses Isaakyan finished a strong fifth.
There was further drama with the coming together of Tarun Reddy, Giuliano Alesi and Max Fewtrell, who were fighting for fifth.
Fewtrell retired while Reddy dropped positions, ultimately finishing 11th and Alesi 13th. Reddy and Fewtrell are under investigation.
Debutant Rik Breukers finished a fine sixth ahead of Laura Tillett, Dylan Young, Jose Abadin and Walkinshaw, who steadily dropped back from pole.
If you are in your character pannel looking at your crit chance, and you pull the support gem increased crit chance out, then back in it replaces the crit chance line with a duplicate of your crit multi chance, Thus making it impossible to determine you true crit chance Posted by greedo9
on on Quote this Post
It's a known issue that is listed in the known issues thread that you are asked to read before making a bug report. Ancestral Bond. It's a thing that does stuff. -Vipermagi
He who controls the pants controls the galaxy. - Rick & Morty S3E1
Posted by lagwin1980
on on Quote this Post
" lagwin1980 It's a known issue that is listed in the known issues thread that you are asked to read before making a bug report. It's also (finally) fixed in 1.2.0 as a side effect of some changes I had to make to how the character panel does things.
Hooray! It's also (finally) fixed in 1.2.0 as a side effect of some changes I had to make to how the character panel does things.Hooray! Last edited by Mark_GGG on Jun 2, 2014, 12:01:18 AM Posted by Mark_GGG
on Grinding Gear Games on Quote this Post
" Mark_GGG " lagwin1980 It's a known issue that is listed in the known issues thread that you are asked to read before making a bug report. It's also (finally) fixed in 1.2.0 as a side effect of some changes I had to make to how the character panel does things.
Hooray! It's also (finally) fixed in 1.2.0 as a side effect of some changes I had to make to how the character panel does things.Hooray!
You are officially a Greek God. You are officially a Greek God. Posted by Marquoz
on on Quote this Post
EXCLUSIVE: Lorne Michaels has picked Seth Meyers‘ successor behind the desk of Saturday Night Live. In an SNL tradition, it is NBC sketch show's head writer Colin Jost, who will join Cecily Strong as co-anchor on March 1. Meyers' SNL farewell is slated for February 1. Jost was one of the youngest writers ever to join SNL in 2005 when he was 22 — fresh out of Harvard where he was president of the Harvard Lampoon. He was named head writer in 2012. Jost is the third consecutive SNL head writer to take on an Weekend Update co-anchor role following Tina Fey and Meyers. Some of the recent viral sketches he has written on the show include the Did Stop music video about the government shutdown featuring Miley Cyrus and the 50 Shades Of Grey screen test. He also has written for recurring characters on Weekend Update including Drunk Uncle, The Girl You Wish You Hadn't Started a Conversation With at a Party (who was plated by Strong) and Second-hand news correspondent Anthony Crispino.
Lorne Michaels: The Real NBC Late Night King
Jost has shared in SNL writing staff's three WGA Awards, a Peabody Award, and eight Emmy nominations. He has performed stand-up on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon, John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show, and the Just for Laughs comedy festivals in Montreal and Chicago. Jost, repped by CAA and 3 Arts, also wrote and co-stars in the upcoming Paramount movie Staten Island Summer, based on his days as a lifeguard.
Weekend Update has become arguably the biggest star-making machine on television. Since 2000, it has produced two late-night talk show hosts (Fallon, Meyers) and two TV series and film stars in Fey and Amy Poehler. Among the four of them, they have hosted the Emmys (Fallon), the Golden Globes (Fey & Poehler) and the White House Correspondents' Dinner (Meyers).
Today in Unfuckingbelievable, noted orator Prime Minister Tony Abbott has this afternoon made his second – count 'em, two; one and two – Nazi-related gaffe in as many months, invoking the Holocaust through the brainless, facile, wholly insensitive and entirely fuckheaded comparison of Opposition Leader Bill Shorten to Nazi propagandist, Joseph Goebbels.
Abbott's exact words were “[Shorten is] the Dr. Goebbels of economic policy”; Goebbels wasn't even the Reich's economics minister. Abbott then withdrew his remarks – too little, too late, buddy – and apologised for “using that phrase.”
See? Unfuckingbelievable.
In the ensuing uproar, during which cabinet members did little bit smirk, Labor frontbencher Mark Dreyfus – who, by the way, is Jewish and whose father, composer George Dreyfus, fled the Nazi Regime at age eleven – was kicked out by Speaker Bronwyn Bishop for disorderly conduct.
The Guardian add that Michael Danby, another Jewish Labor MP, also left the chamber in protest; Danby has since told the ABC that the Prime Minister “can slag us as much as he likes but it is silly to use an example of the ultimate evil in politics. He's the Prime Minister – he is supposed to have standards.”
Prior to that, Labor frontbencher Tony Burke attempted to appeal to Bishop's better nature, asking that she not expel Dreyfus in the interest of the house to no avail. Unfortunately, Bishop is without better nature. As is our Prime Minister, who has repeatedly demonstrated a disturbing propensity for invoking one of history's darkest periods with neither redress nor regret.
Unfuckingbelievable.
SAN FRANCISCO, CA - SEPTEMBER 09: City of San Francisco Supervisor David Chiu speaks onstage at TechCrunch Disrupt at Pier 48 on September 9, 2014 in San Francisco, California. (Photo by Steve Jennings/Getty Images for TechCrunch)
San Francisco Supervisor David Chiu (D) introduced a resolution this week that would make the city the first in the U.S. to formally oppose sex-selective abortion bans, which he and Asian-American activists warn encourage racial profiling and refusal of services.
The resolution, presented Tuesday at the Board of Supervisors meeting, follows state Assemblywoman Shannon Grove's (R-Bakersfield) Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act, which failed to pass a committee in May. Grove's bill would have banned abortions because of a gender preference and fined doctors performing such procedures up to $10,000.
Bans, Chiu said, are rooted in stereotypes that Asian-Americans and other minorities prefer male children and are likely to abort females.
“The rhetoric used by legislators advocating these measures is perpetuating racial stereotypes, is deeply offensive and can lead to the denial of health care services to women,” Chiu said in a press release to The Huffington Post. “No woman should ever be scrutinized by her doctor based on her racial or ethnic background, but this is exactly what a sex-selective abortion ban encourages.”
Grove, during a hearing on her bill, described the frequency of sex-selection abortions in Asia as the norm among Asian-Americans.
“It's no secret that for generations, China, India and other nations have had a strong cultural preference of bearing male offspring,” Grove said, adding, “It's happening right here in California, not just in third-world nations,” and pointed to a 2008 study that found second children born to foreign-born Chinese, Indian and Korean parents had a ratio of 117 boys to 100 girls.
Grove was likely referring to a Columbia University study using 2000 Census data that lawmakers pushing versions of the Prenatal Nondiscrimination Act often point to, but a study conducted in June disputed those findings as a means to push state bans on sex-selective abortions.
Using more recent data from 2007 to 2011, researchers found that foreign-born Chinese, Indians and Koreans have an equal number of boys and girls at their first birth. Even with unequal ratios at the second or third birth, they found that Grove's claims don't hold up.
“When we compare the overall sex ratio at birth of foreign-born Chinese, Indian and Korean families to the sex ratio at birth of whites born in the United States, we find that these Asian groups have more girls on average than whites,” the study's authors wrote.
Though the ban failed in California, the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum supports Chiu's resolution as a proactive stance against the rise of sex-selective abortion bans, which it reports have been proposed in 21 states and were the second-most proposed state restriction on abortion last year. Eight states have passed bans.
“As an Asian American, a mother of two daughters and a physician, I feel that sex-selective abortion bans will result in racial discrimination and racial profiling when it comes to provision of reproductive health care services, and that they hurt the doctor/patient relationship,” Sophia Yen said in a press release from NAPAWF on Tuesday. “These laws just place another unnecessary burden on those who provide abortion and the women who seek those services. Sex-selective abortion bans do nothing to address the root cause of sexism.”
• Antonio Conte will not hold talks with Costa but judge him on training pitch • Chelsea likely to sell striker in summer but will reject China bid this month
Antonio Conte has no plans to hold clear-the-air talks with Diego Costa and the onus will be on the Spain forward in training this week to prove he warrants a swift restoration to the Chelsea side for the visit of Hull City on Sunday.
Costa, the subject of interest from the Chinese Super League club Tianjin Quanjian, who would apparently be prepared to pay him £30m a year, said he was suffering from a back injury last week and duly became embroiled in a row with Chelsea fitness staff. He was excluded from the squad for the game at Leicester City on Saturday. He has since been pursuing his own rehabilitation schedule and worked outside at Cobham on Monday, as he did the previous day, while the rest of the first team and management staff enjoyed 48 hours off following the 3-0 win at the champions.
Patrick Bamford on verge of joining Middlesbrough after Chelsea accept offer Read more
Although there is an acceptance the striker may have been suffering some discomfort in his back, the club believe the situation came to a head only as a result of the emergence of that interest from China and, although they will not countenance selling the division's joint-leading scorer mid-season, it appears increasingly likely he will depart Stamford Bridge in the summer. The events of the past week have ensured their original plan to secure Costa to new terms – his deal expires in 2019 – has effectively been abandoned.
Yet conviction remains at the club that Costa can be reintegrated into the team for the rest of this campaign, in an effort to ensure the issue does not derail the team's pursuit of a second Premier League title in three years. Key to that, however, will be the player demonstrating an improved attitude and a willingness to fight to regain his first-team place.
Conte does not intend to instigate discussions with the player to smooth that return to the fold and will merely seek evidence of a positive reaction in training. The manager has always made clear to his players that their prospects of making the team hinge on impressing with work-rate and commitment in training in the buildup to a fixture and Costa, who has been urged to apologise to Conte by fellow senior members of the side, must now earn his recall.
The club's medical staff are due to assess the striker on Tuesday and, if he is passed fit after the back trouble, he will rejoin his team-mates as they begin preparations for Sunday's game. Costa, 28, will have to convince the manager that he deserves to play ahead of Willian, Eden Hazard or Pedro Rodríguez, all outstanding in that emphatic win at the King Power Stadium which stretched Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points.
Premier League: 10 talking points from the weekend's action Read more
Costa had agitated for a return to Atlético Madrid over the summer but, having been persuaded to stay, has 14 Premier League goals this season. He had originally been omitted from the squad for the fixture at Leicester following a row with a fitness coach last Tuesday after staff aired doubts over the severity of his back problem. His relationship with Conte, who had supported his medical staff's assessment, were strained further after another heated exchange the following day.
That left him working on his own at Cobham, and later than the rest of the squad, last week and over the weekend, albeit he has been complying with the rehabilitation programme stipulated by the medical staff. He did take to social media on the eve of the Leicester game to publish a picture on Instagram alongside the message “Come on Chelsea”, with that post immediately ‘liked' by the Chelsea captain John Terry and the midfielder Cesc Fàbregas. That pair were among the senior players encouraging Costa to knuckle down and put thoughts of a lucrative move to China on hold until the summer.
Conte made a point of stressing his leading scorer's absence at Leicester had been born of the back complaint, but did not deny the rift which flared over the issue. He claimed publicly to have no knowledge of interest from China in the player, though Chelsea are believed to have been aware for around a month of Tianjin Quanjian's eagerness to secure the player for as much as £80m.
Tianjin Quanjian's ambition will not be dampened even in the wake of the Chinese Football Association reducing the number of foreign players who can appear for a club at any one time from four to three as they seek to curb “irrational” spending, and their intent is understood to have been lodged with the player's representative, Jorge Mendes.
It remains to be seen whether the Costa issue influences Chelsea's movements in the transfer market this month, with their own interest in Swansea City's Fernando Llorente established. Certainly, should Costa depart as anticipated in the summer then securing a replacement will become a priority at the end of the season, with Everton's Romelu Lukaku, Christian Benteke at Crystal Palace and the Real Madrid forward Álvaro Morata to come into their thinking.
The writer is a member of staff.
THERE'S nothing like a dose of patriotism and nationalism to muddle the senses. We've just been told what kind of country Pakistan will be, but all we can think is, Trump said what?
How dare he!
Well, dare Trump did and on we've cheered our boys for thundering back. We've shown him! Except, they — the boys — have shown us. Shown us what kind of country Pakistan will be.
The third option, Imran, has shown no interest in articulating a vision incompatible with a militarised state.
And it ain't pretty.
The good thing about a pushover PM is that the boys can tell us exactly what they think. And tell us that they did in the NSC meeting stuffed to the gills with the uniformed lot.
Excited by a punchy response to yet another bellicose, ungrateful American president, most missed the clearest public articulation yet of Pakistan's priorities in Afghanistan.
The “core issues” for Pakistan, in the words of the NSC, are four: “eliminating safe havens inside Afghanistan, border management, return of refugees and reinvigorating the peace process for a political settlement in Afghanistan”.
Now work through what that means.
There will, most evidently, be a permanent role for the Taliban in Afghanistan. Nothing new or surprising there. But embedded in a permanent role for the Taliban in Afghanistan has always been an uncomfortable question:
How do we stop them, the Taliban, from infecting Pakistan, especially the Pakhtun belt, and from allowing Afghanistan to become a base for the anti-Pakistan militant lot?
Basically, the nuttiness of having as a permanent neighbour a rabid Islamist lot that has tasted the blood of two superpowers and knows nothing but jihad is a question we've always deferred answering.
Because America. And the war on terror. And, of course, India.
But now we've laid out a template.
The answer is this: we'll eventually chuck out all Afghans from Pakistan and seal the border with Afghanistan. That'll prevent Pakistan from being infected by the Taliban.
And in the meantime, we'll get Afghanistan and America to eliminate the anti-Pak sanctuaries. That'll mean no anti-Pak militant problem for the Taliban to have to figure out — or be sympathetic too — when they eventually return to power.
Two countries, one non-porous border; the Taliban pottering around Afghanistan doing Taliban stuff, Pakistan going about its business of becoming a regional superpower.
You can believe that. Or you can believe what it'll really mean:
Pakistan dealing with the perpetual fallout of having a rabid Islamist lot dominant in its backyard, with close ties to swathes of the Pakistani people and sympathies for radical causes inside Pakistan.
Now what could go wrong with that?
But a militarised future of the state doesn't necessarily exercise the mind when past and present have also been a militarised state. Better, then, to shake a fist at Trump.
Except, it doesn't end there. Crazy is as crazy does and only a fool would ever expect Pakistan to be a normal state and society when it is surrounded by threats and enemies.
The problem is, the militarised state also seems intent on another round of social engineering. Think a militarised state married to a soft form of social Islamism.
Because along with the Taliban/Afghanistan stuff, we've learned two other things recently.
The first is that democracy is dead. Dead in the sense of challenging a militarised state. The PPP has been banished to Sindh and Zardari cut down to size; Nawaz is in the process of being whittled down.
The third option, Imran, has shown no interest in articulating a vision incompatible with a militarised state.
Of course, that will not hold forever. The logic of power and politics means a civilian challenger will eventually appear. But that could be a generational wait, and the wait for success longer.
For now, we're done.
The other recent signal has been on the anti-India lot. For their discipline and loyalty in not attacking the Pakistani state, the anti-India lot have always been in line for a reward.
The reward: they will never be smashed. So when the time comes, the option has been between dissolving them back into society or repackaging them as more benign, palatable entities.
We've now been given the answer: the anti-India lot will be repackaged, repurposed and let loose in the political arena.
Electorally, it's probably destined for failure. The militant does not really have an appetite for democracy. And for the laughs alone, there's nothing like seeing a mullah or ex-chief spurned by the electorate.
But the political arena lends a credibility and legitimacy that the anti-India lot, for all the covert support they get, do not have.
Where they currently must rely on a climate of fear and behind-the-scenes arm-twisting to allow them to thrive, once you're just another political party, you get to do stuff in the light of day, all day long.
If the anti-India lot merely end up cannibalising the ultra-right, religious vote in the country, we'll probably be all right. An almost-like-for-like swap wouldn't be too bad, given the religious right has remained on the electoral fringes.
But if they end up normalising jihad in the national discourse and, via the continued support of the militarised state, figure out a way to appeal to a broader public, all bets are off.
A militarised state married to a soft kind of social Islamism — really, what could go wrong?
The weird thing is, the militarised state is telling us that it is doing all of this. In plain words, directly and right in front of us.
But we're too busy shaking a fist at Trump. And India. And Afghanistan.
There really is nothing like a dose of patriotism and nationalism to muddle the senses.
The writer is a member of staff.
cyril.a@gmail.com
Twitter: @cyalm
Published in Dawn, August 27th, 2017
When Warner Bros. decided to do some reshoots on its soon-to-be-released Suicide Squad, numerous media reports said the objective was to inject more humor into the next DC Comics-inspired release. But Jai Courtney, who plays Boomerang in the film, tells Entertainment Tonight that comedy had nothing to do with it. (Watch the video above.)
“I wouldn't say we're going back to make it funnier,” he says of the newly shot sequences. “There's some additional action stuff that we've been doing, which is pretty dope. Yeah, really, we're just kind of adding in that sense.”
When the ET reporter reiterates that she'd read that the new scenes were designed to add more jokes that match the tone of the initial, well-received Suicide Squad trailer, Courtney simply says: “You can't believe everything you read.”
Related: ‘Suicide Squad' Star Jared Leto Compares Playing the Joker to Tackling Hamlet
One of the big complaints about the Suicide Squad precursor Batman v Superman is its tone, which is dark, dour and completely devoid of laughs, a stark contrast to the Marvel movies whose success DC and Warner Bros. are trying to replicate. Courtney may be correct about the dangers of not believing everything one reads. But no matter what the actor says, it's pretty hard to believe the folks at Warner Bros. aren't studying the reaction to Batman v Superman, as well as the largely positive response to the recent Deadpool, and drawing some conclusions about what both audiences and critics want to see in their comic book movies.
Watch the ‘Suicide Squad' trailer:
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
As societies age, the need for nurses and health care workers increases. Japan is of the countries facing staffing shortages due to low wages and the physical strains health care jobs require.
CCTV's Terrence Terashima takes a look at how Japan is using robotics to assist in hospitals and health care.
Japan use robotics to help ease burden in health care It might not be long until we see robots taking active roles in hospitals, distributing food and medications. CCTV's Terrence Terashima takes a look at how Japan is using robotics to assist in hospitals and health care.
Japan's fast-aging society is causing a number of problems. Shortage of nurses and care workers has been a problem for decades.
Due to the shortage, some people are forced to leave their jobs to take care of family members. The stress and fatigue taking care of the elderly causes, is one of the biggest social problems in Japan.
Japan is looking into robotics for help.
The communication robot Palro has already been introduced in many elderly homes.
Palro is able to have simple conversations and has entertainment programs is installed. Many elderlies do not want to bother already busy care workers, and can be hesitant to communicate with them.
“When we hold a recreation session, we are so focused with the exercises, that we can't see the conditions of individuals,” Nobuo Mamiya, Fuyouen Special Elderly Nursing Home manager, said. “Using these robots, we are able to observe the patients and assess the health condition of the individual. It helps us very much.”
The Fuyouen facility also uses a “healing pet” robot, which is a robot baby seal that reacts to voices and makes body and facial expressions. It is said to relieve stress and helps people too shy to interact.
One difficult task of an elderly caretaker can be lifting patients from bed to a wheelchair. But robotics may have a solution. Power assisting suits are already being used in airports and elderly homes.
There are also integrated care beds, which turn into wheelchairs, eliminating the burden of lifting individuals from one to the other.
It might not be long until we see robots taking active roles in hospitals, distributing food and medications.
Experts said that since society is quickly aging, faster development and practical use of robots is essential.
1 of 2 2 of 2
Did you know that Amanda Fucking Palmer is in town?
She's speaking at Vancouver's TED conference today (March 19) as part of an All-Stars session. But since you didn't pay the $7,500 TED2014 ticket price, you won't be there.
Lucky for you, the crowd-sourcing cabaret-punk singer-songwriter has announced she's putting on an all-ages "ninja gig" tonight, and admission is by donation.
Here are the deets for the short-notice show from Palmer's blog:
TED, if you know much about it, is super fucking organized, and there's very little realtime cross-over with the people here in TED-land and the population of Vancouver.
let us crush the fence. i tweeted a few days ago and the historic VOGUE THEATRE had no shows booked and very VERY generously offered us the keys to their space (so to speak) – this shit is ON!!! the place fits about 1100 people – first-come first-served…they're located at 918 granville street (click here for Google Maps) the show is 100% PAY WHAT YOU WANT but with a SUGGESTED DONATION OF $10 to $20 which'll go to the vancouver food bank (@VanFoodBank). we will pass the hat / have a collection for ‘em we will start letting people in at around 8:45/9pm and go till around midnight.
Bonus: it sounds like TED2014 speaker and overexposed astronaut Chris Hadfield is going to be there with his guitar.
Palmer writes:
EXPECT:
MANY WEIRD SPECIAL GUESTS. my goal was to rope in a handful of scientists and other bizarro TED-speakers…as it currently stands, i have at least one geoff berner, one bora yoon, one famous harvard professor, and one astronaut who plays guitar. THERE MAY BE BRAINS. i mean…this is going to be awesome. DO NOT EXPECT:
ANYTHING WELL-ORGANIZED!!!!
Who's going? The hashtag is #NINJAvan.
Until then, here's Palmer's past TED talk ("The art of asking"):
SEATTLE (Reuters) - The website for the Washington State court system has been hacked and up to 160,000 Social Security numbers and a million driver's license numbers may have been accessed, officials said on Thursday.
A man types on a computer keyboard in Warsaw in this February 28, 2013 illustration file picture. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Files
The disclosure, which follows a number of major hacking incidents in recent years that have targeted a range of companies from Twitter to Apple Inc, raises concerns that the information accessed could be used to commit financial fraud.
The breach was discovered in February, and officials at first believed no confidential information had been leaked even though a large amount of data was downloaded from the website, the Washington State Administrative Office of the Courts said.
But officials later determined that 94 Social Security numbers were definitely obtained by the person or group that committed the security breach, while 160,000 Social Security numbers and a million driver's license numbers may have been accessed.
“The access occurred through a ‘back door' part of a commercial software product we were using, and it is patched now,” Mike Keeling, information technology operations and maintenance manager for the court system, told reporters on a conference call.
“We found specific (hacker) footprints in the area where those 94 Social Security numbers were located, so that's why we're reasonably sure that the data was accessed,” he said.
Callie T. Dietz, the state's court administrator, said this was the first time the agency's system had been hacked. Officials were notifying by mail the 94 people whose Social Security numbers were accessed from the site.
“We regret that this breach has occurred and we have taken immediate action to enhance the security of these sites,” Dietz said separately in a statement.
The people whose names and Social Security numbers might be at risk are those who were booked into a city or county jail in the state from September 2011 to December 2012, officials said.
The breach could also have exposed the driver's license numbers of people charged in the state's superior court criminal system between 2011 and 2012, the statement said.
Anyone who received a driving under the influence citation from 1989 to 2011 or had a traffic case filed or resolved in a district or municipal court between 2011 and 2012 might also be at risk, officials said.
No financial data such as credit card numbers was maintained on the court website, so officials said there was no risk of that information being accessed directly through the breach.
The breach was the latest in a series of hacks. In one prominent case, Cody Kretsinger of LulzSec, an offshoot of hacking group Anonymous, last year pleaded guilty in federal court in Los Angeles to taking part in a computer breach of Sony Pictures Entertainment that prosecutors say caused over $600,000 in damages. Last month, he was sentenced in California to a year in prison.
In these circumstances, the dissenters concluded, it was manifestly unconstitutional to allow prosecutors at trial to inform jurors that Salinas has failed or refused to answer that single question. Justice Breyer wrote:
To permit a prosecutor to comment on a defendant's constitutionally protected silence would put that defendant in an impossible predicament. He must either answer the question or remain silent. If he answers the question, he may well reveal, for example, prejudicial facts, disreputable associates, or suspicious circumstances -- even if he is innocent. If he remains silent, the prosecutor may well use that silence to suggest a consciousness of guilt.
And if the defendant then takes the witness stand in order to explain either his speech or his silence, the prosecution may introduce, say for impeachment purposes, a prior conviction that the law would otherwise make inadmissible. Thus, where the Fifth Amendment is at issue, to allow comment on silence directly or indirectly can compel an individual to act as "a witness against himself " -- very much what the Fifth Amendment forbids.
Good news for jurors. Bad news for defendants. The lesson of Salinas is clear, and tracks a trend from this Court. Attributed to criminal suspects is a level of constitutional awareness few of them have. To conclude it was reasonable for Salinas to have stopped the interrogation, and explicitly invoke his Fifth Amendment rights under Miranda v. Arizona, is a fantasy in which the justices, conveniently, indulge. The real world, the world in which the police and suspects are at odds, cries out for clear judicial standards that presume the opposite -- that the Constitution works best when it protects those who need it most.
Alleyene v. United States
Compared to the Alleyene opinion, the Salinas decision was like a mash note. The only thing simple about the result in Alleyene was the holding itself. "Any fact that, by law, increases the penalty for a crime is an 'element' that must be submitted to the jury and found beyond a reasonable doubt," wrote Justice Thomas in an opinion joined by the Court's four liberal justices. Because Allen Alleyene had been given a seven-year sentence based upon the fact that he had "brandished" a weapon, a finding his jury did not make, the Supreme Court ordered him to get a new sentencing trial.
To reach this conclusion, however, the Court's majority had to overturn its 2002 decision in a case styled Harris v. United States and here's where the justices splintered apart. On the merits, there was the primary conflict between Justice Thomas and Chief Justice John Roberts over the role of judges, and jurors, in sentencing. For the majority, Justice Thomas wrote:
As noted, the essential Sixth Amendment inquiry is whether a fact is an element of the crime. When a finding of fact alters the legally prescribed punishment so as to aggravate it, the fact necessarily forms a constituent part of a new offense and must be submitted to the jury. It is no answer to say that the defendant could have received the same sentence with or without that fact. It is obvious, for example, that a defendant could not be convicted and sentenced for assault, if the jury only finds the facts for larceny, even if the punishments prescribed for each crime are identical. One reason is that each crime has different elements and a defendant can be convicted only if the jury has found each element of the crime of conviction.
Wrong, wrote the Chief Justice. The Sixth Amendment was designed to protect defendants from the government, not to protect judges from legislators. "The question here is about the power of judges, not juries. Under the rule in place today, a legislature could tell judges that certain facts carried certain weight, and require the judge to devise a sentence based on that weight -- so long as the sentence remained within the range authorized by the jury. Now," the Chief Justice wrote:
in the name of the jury right that formed a barrier between the defendant and the State, the majority has erected a barrier between judges and legislatures, establishing that discretionary sentencing is the domain of judges. Legislatures must keep their respectful distance.
There was little "respectful distance" between two other justices in Alleyene. Long after folks forget about this case and this ruling and the role of juries in criminal sentencing procedure they may remember the extraordinary exchange between Justice Alito and Justice Sonia Sotomayor over a case (Roe v. Wade) and a topic (abortion rights) that have nothing to do with the Sixth Amendment. The two justices scrapped over the concept of stare decisis -- the doctrine which posits that the Court should overturn its own precedent only in exceptional circumstances.
Children are annoying a local news station by trying to prank them in order to get a day off school.
Chattanooga ABC-affiliate WTVC NewsChannel 9 has spoken out on Twitter after children repeatedly pretended to be local schools and officials.
The schools involved are based in Tennessee.
In a Twitter direct message exchange, a school child pretended to be a local official in order to get the day off.
In the exchange, a student tried using a DM to get the station to “inform students of no school tomorrow.”
Also, kids? Don't DM us pretending you are some school official cancelling school. Closings don't work like that. & we're not that dumb. — WTVC NewsChannel 9 (@newschannelnine) January 19, 2016
This is only one of several incidents involving children, pranks and the news station.
Photo: Twitter/WTVC NewsChannel 9
Students are also taunting the station on Facebook, asking if their schools are closed.
WTVC NewsChannel 9 responded saying that it would not withhold such information from the public.
Hey, kids? Y'all are writing us privately on FB as if we wouldn't report it if Hamilton Co schools closed. We promise: we will if it happens — WTVC NewsChannel 9 (@newschannelnine) January 19, 2016
They also think the questions are silly, as they don't know what school the children go to.
The news station expressed this thought by using a Vine.
When a kid asks "do we have school tomorrow" like they think we already know what school they go to https://t.co/TYcmL8PYt9 — WTVC NewsChannel 9 (@newschannelnine) January 20, 2016
Followers of the page remarked this was 'salty' and that they had 'no chill'.
As if by fate, schools in the area have actually been shut, according to the news site.
According to a Facebook post, some schools in the area were shut on Thursday.
THURSDAY SCHOOL CLOSINGS: Bradley County & Polk County schools have already closed. Keep checking this link throughout the night to see if your school has been added! Posted by WTVC-TV NewsChannel 9 News on Wednesday, 20 January 2016
This is due to storms in the area.
So, it looks like the children got their wish after all.
"Don't Look Back in Anger" is a song by the English rock band Oasis. It was released on 19 February 1996 as the fifth single from their second studio album, (What's the Story) Morning Glory? (1995). The song was written by the band's guitarist and main songwriter, Noel Gallagher. It became the band's second single to reach number one on the UK Singles Chart, where it also went platinum.[1] "Don't Look Back in Anger" was also the first Oasis single with lead vocals by Noel (who had previously only sung lead on B-sides) instead of his brother, Liam.
It is one of the band's signature songs, and was played at almost every single live show from its release to the dissolution of the band. It was ranked number one on a list of the '50 Most Explosive Choruses' by the NME,[2] and was voted as the fourth most popular number-one single of the last 60 years in the UK by the public in conjunction with the Official Charts Company's 60th anniversary.[3]
On 29 May 2017, Absolute Radio 90s broadcast a programme counting down the top 50 songs written by Noel Gallagher to mark his 50th birthday with "Don't Look Back in Anger" being voted as number one.
Background [ edit ]
Noel Gallagher was so excited about the potential of the song when he first wrote it that he used an acoustic set to perform a work-in-progress version, without the second verse and a few other slight lyrical differences, at an Oasis concert at the Sheffield Arena on 22 April 1995. He said before playing that he'd only written it the previous Tuesday (18 April 1995) and that he didn't even have a title for it yet. The title was picked as a reference to the 1979 David Bowie song "Look Back in Anger" from the seminal art rock album Lodger, with Bowie's work being a massive Oasis influence.
Noel Gallagher said of the song, "[It] reminds me of a cross between "All the Young Dudes" and [something] the Beatles might have done." Of the character "Sally" referred to in the song he commented, "I don't actually know anybody called Sally. It's just a word that fit, y'know, might as well throw a girl's name in there."[citation needed]
Noel Gallagher (from Uncut magazine August 2007): "We were in Paris playing with the Verve, and I had the chords for that song and started writing it. We were due to play two days later. Our first-ever big arena gig, it's called Sheffield Arena now. At the sound check, I was strumming away on the acoustic guitar, and our kid (Liam) said, 'What's that you're singin'?' I wasn't singing anyway, I was just making it up. And our kid said, 'Are you singing 'So Sally can wait'?' And I was like – that's genius! So I started singing, 'So Sally can wait.' I remember going back to the dressing room and writing it out. It all came really quickly after that." Gallagher claims that the character "Lyla", from Oasis' 2005 single is the sister of Sally. In the interview on the DVD released with the special edition of Stop the Clocks, Gallagher also revealed that a girl approached him and asked him if Sally was the same girl as in the Stone Roses' track "Sally Cinnamon". Gallagher replied that he had never thought of that but thought it was good anyway.
Noel Gallagher admits that certain lines from the song are lifted from John Lennon: "I got this tape in the United States that had apparently been burgled from the Dakota Hotel and someone had found these cassettes. Lennon was starting to record his memoirs on tape. He's going on about 'trying to start a revolution from me bed, because they said the brains I had gone to my head.' I thought 'Thank you, I'll take that'!" "Revolution from me bed" most likely refers to Lennon's notorious bed-ins in 1969. The piano in the introduction of the song strongly resembles Lennon's "Imagine", as well as "Watching the Wheels".[citation needed]
As Oasis is often criticised for borrowing parts of other artists' songs for their own, Noel Gallagher commented on the intro's similarity to "Imagine" saying, "In the case of Don't Look Back in Anger – I mean, the opening piano riff's "Imagine". 50% of its put in there to wind people up, and the other 50% is saying 'look, this is how songs like "Don't Look Back in Anger" come about – because they're inspired by songs like "Imagine"'. And no matter what people might think, there will be some 13 year old kid out there who'll read an interview and think '"Imagine"? I've never heard that song.' and he might go and buy the album, you know what I mean?"[4][5][6] Gallagher also admits that he was under the influence of illegal substances when he wrote the song and to this day he claims he does not know what it means.[7]
Live performances [ edit ]
The song became a favourite at Oasis's live performances. Noel Gallagher encouraged the crowd to sing along and often kept quiet during the first chorus, allowing the fans instead to sing along while he played the song's guitar part. During the Dig Out Your Soul Tour, Noel Gallagher abandoned the song's previous, full-band live arrangement in favour of a much slower, primarily acoustic arrangement in a lower key (B major). From 2008 through Oasis's breakup, the song was performed by Gallagher on his Gibson J-200 acoustic guitar backed up by Gem Archer on electric guitar, and Chris Sharrock playing tambourine. On 11 and 12 July 2009, during performances of the song at London's Wembley Stadium, Gallagher didn't sing a word; instead, he stood back, played guitar, and allowed the crowd to sing the entire song.[8] Since 2011, he has alternated between the acoustic version and the original arrangement when playing the song with his solo project, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds.
Oasis became the first act since the Jam to perform two songs on the same showing of Top of the Pops, performing "Don't Look Back in Anger", followed by their cover of Slade's "Cum On Feel the Noize", also on the single.
In June 2017, Liam Gallagher performed an a cappella version of the song at Glastonbury, making it the first time he has performed the song rather than Noel.[9]
Manchester Arena bombing [ edit ]
Oasis formed in Manchester in 1991, and following the Manchester Arena bombing after a concert by US singer Ariana Grande on 22 May 2017, the song was used by the people of Manchester in remembrance of the bombing's 22 victims and to show the city's spirit. The song was sung by students of Manchester's Chetham's music school on 23 May, and on 25 May it was spontaneously sung by the crowd gathered for a minute of silence in the city centre. The woman who started the singing told The Guardian, "I love Manchester, and Oasis is part of my childhood. Don't Look Back in Anger--that's what this is about: we can't be looking backwards to what happened, we have to look forwards to the future."[10] The song came back into the charts, along with Ariana Grande's "One Last Time," which was number one in the iTunes single charts as of 26 May.[11] On 27 May, the song was performed as a tribute by 50,000 audience members of a performance by The Courteeners in Manchester.[12]
It was performed by Coldplay's Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland on either side of Ariana Grande at the One Love Manchester concert on 4 June 2017.[13] Martin introduced the song by saying "Ariana, you've been singing a lot for us, so I think we in Britain want to sing for you. This is called "Don't Look Back in Anger", and this is from us to you".
It was also performed by the military band of the French Republican Guard on 13 June 2017, at the France versus England football match at the Stade de France, as a tribute to the victims of the attacks in Manchester and, more recently, London.[14]
Release [ edit ]
The single's picture sleeve contains a photo by Brian Cannon. He intended the cover as a homage to the incident where Ringo Starr, having briefly left the Beatles in 1968 during the recording of the White Album, was persuaded to return and George Harrison decorated Starr's drum kit in red, white and blue flowers to show their appreciation.[15]
The B-side "Step Out" was originally intended for the (What's the Story) Morning Glory? album but was taken off after Stevie Wonder requested 10 per cent of the royalties as the chorus bore a similarity to his hit "Uptight (Everything's Alright)". Also, because of this, Wonder, Henry Cosby and Sylvia Moy received credit for writing the song, along with Noel.
The song's chart success coincided with its usage at the end of the final episode of the BBC television drama Our Friends in the North. The show's producers had included the track without knowing it was going to be released as a single.
Critical reception [ edit ]
"Don't Look Back in Anger" was met with high critical praise and it became a commercial hit. Billboard said of the tune, "Noel Gallagher reveals a deft sense of timing and craft that turn his improprieties into masterful pop gems."[16]
In a 2006 readers' poll conducted by Q magazine, "Don't Look Back in Anger" was voted the 20th best song of all time.[17] In May 2007, NME magazine placed "Don't Look Back in Anger" at number 14 in its list of the "50 Greatest Indie Anthems Ever".[18]
Chart performance [ edit ]
The song reached No.1 in the singles charts of Ireland and the United Kingdom, and it was a moderate success by reaching the top 60 in various countries. The song was the 10th-biggest-selling single of 1996 in the UK. It is Oasis's second biggest selling single in the UK (after Wonderwall), with sales of 970,000, going platinum in the process.
The song returned to the UK charts in 2017 following Chris Martin and Jonny Buckland's cover version at the One Love Manchester concert, reaching number 25.
"Don't Look Back in Anger" is also Oasis's sixth biggest Billboard hit in the US, reaching the number 10 spot on the Modern Rock Tracks for the week of 22 June 1996.[19]
Music video [ edit ]
The video for the song was directed by Nigel Dick and features Patrick Macnee, the actor who played John Steed in the 1960s television series The Avengers, apparently a favourite of Oasis. It was filmed at 11:45 Arden Road in Pasadena, California on December 4, 1995.[20] It features the band being driven to a mansion similar to the Playboy Mansion and performing the song there; a group of women dressed in white also occasionally lip sync to the lyrics. While filming the video, drummer Alan White met future wife Liz Atkins. They married on 13 August 1997 at Studley Priory Hotel in Oxfordshire, but later divorced.
There are two versions of the music video. One being posted by Vevo which got 89 million views [21] and the other one posted by the band themselves which generated over 108 million views.[22]
Covers [ edit ]
Glay covered the song for their 2011 album Rare Collectives Vol.4.[23] The Killers covered this song at V Festival 2012.[24]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The song was included as the closing track on Oasis's compilation album, Stop the Clocks. It is available for the music video game series Rock Band as a downloadable track. On the Wii version of the original Rock Band game, this song is included. It can also be found on-disc in the 2014 edition of Rocksmith.
The song has been used in multiple television programmes since its original release:
Personnel [ edit ]
Track listing [ edit ]
All songs were written by Noel Gallagher, except where noted.
CD CRESCD 221 (re-issued as RKISCD 018 )
7" CRE 221
"Don't Look Back in Anger" – 4:47 "Step Out" (Gallagher/Wonder/Cosby/Moy) – 3:40
12" CRE 221T
"Don't Look Back in Anger" – 4:47 "Step Out" (Gallagher/Wonder/Cosby/Moy) – 3:40 "Underneath the Sky" – 3:20
Cassette CRECS 221
"Don't Look Back in Anger" – 4:47 "Step Out" (Gallagher/Wonder/Cosby/Moy) – 3:40
CD re-issue (US) 34K78356
"Don't Look Back in Anger" – 4:47 "Cum on Feel the Noize" (Holder/Lea) – 5:09
Charts and certifications [ edit ]
Black metal bands and prime-time TV don't usually intersect, but Liturgy recently appeared on NBC's 'The Blacklist.' Playing drums with the band on the song 'Harmonia' from Liturgy's 2011 album 'Aesthetica' was the legendary actor Peter Fonda. Watch the performance above.
'The Blacklist' is a crime drama starring James Spader, and it's in its second season. Fonda guest-stars in the episode as as CEO and philanthropist Geoff Perl. In addition to roles in classic movies like 'Easy Rider' and the critically acclaimed 'Ulee's Gold,' Fonda also has a musical background. He recorded a single back in 1968 that was written by Gram Parsons.
The performance by Liturgy and Fonda is less than 20 seconds long, but it still is good exposure for an underground band like Liturgy, who haven't released a new album since 'Aesthetica.' However, drummer Greg Fox and bassist Tyler Dusenbury have rejoined the band after a short absence, and a new record is expected in early 2015.
Liturgy will be playing live on Oct. 30 at Death By Audio in Brooklyn, N.Y. You'll be able to hear 'Harmonia' in its entirety, although Peter Fonda won't be on hand this time.
When it comes to economic issues, Democrats are not a united party. There are economic liberals, in the vein of Elizabeth Warren, who believe that very rich people who lead a good life can afford to pay more in taxes to support basic services for struggling people, seniors, and others who are vulnerable. And then there are “pro-business” Democrats, or what might be called SPECs (Socially Progressive Economic Conservatives). These are the pro-fracking, self-described "entitlement reformers" -- like omnipresent former Gov. Ed Rendell -- who talk about the need to keep taxes low and make “bold” decisions like cutting the social safety net, in an effort to fix the debt, restore “balance” and "get serious."
While the split is not discussed as often as it might be, these two camps stand far apart on economic issues, and, in some ways, are fighting for the soul of the Democratic Party. And, with President Obama's newly reiterated proposal to cut Social Security through his chained CPI plan, a big test is approaching to see which wing of the party will prevail.
Advertisement:
Obama's offer on Social Security is divisive for several reasons. First, there's the very real effect it will have on Americans relying on their benefits to get by month to month. By revising downward the cost of living index used to compute benefits, the policy change would reduce the amount that some on fixed incomes – including disabled Americans, such as veterans -- live on (precisely how many is unclear, as the administration reportedly supports “financial protections for low-income and very old beneficiaries”). This is something economic liberals cannot support; for the SPECs, this is tolerable if part of a larger deal.
Second, there's the symbolism and precedent of cutting into New Deal-style programs. The first cut to popular, essential programs is always the most difficult; once it's been done, and that toe is in the water, there's the concern that future reductions could be more easily achieved. That's why the symbolism of a Democratic president attaching his name to – and owning – the cuts is so controversial and worrying for liberals. How hard would it be for Republicans to push future cuts through, when this is now a mainstream Democratic policy?
Beyond these issues lies a more philosophical one, which comes down to different conceptions of “balance.” For SPECs and many others in Washington, balance means a plan in which both political parties give up something they don't want. If Democrats and Republicans are both unhappy, the thinking goes, that means the plan is balanced and good.
Liberals see it differently. By their thinking, “balance” must incorporate the broader circumstances of those impacted by the policy in question. If rich people have every advantage in life – wealth, tax breaks and loopholes, healthcare, food security, the ability to influence political campaigns, etc. – and less well-off folks are disadvantaged in all the same categories, then balance calls for a policy that helps to shift things in the other direction a bit. In other words, one camp sees balance as a political end (which, incidentally, can be easily manipulated by positioning and negotiating strategies) and the other sees it as a policy imperative with real-world implications.
The question undergirding this particular debate is twofold. First, is more money actually needed to fund Social Security? And if so, how should one pay for a shortfall? In fact, Social Security is solvent and has not contributed to the debt. But pretend you don't believe that. Then the question becomes: If you needed revenue to pay for Social Security, how would you generate it? This is the crux of the divide.
One option is to cut benefits for those in need, which Obama has proposed to do, backed by groups like Fix the Debt, the outfit funded by billionaire Pete Peterson (Rendell sits on the board, along with other SPECs, Republicans, and Simpson and Bowles). Another option is to raise the cap on income that's taxed by Social Security. Currently, that number is in the $110,000 range, meaning any income one makes over that amount is untaxed. That's a very regressive policy and if one wanted to generate more revenue to “pay for” Social Security, raising this cap would be an alternative to cutting Grandma's benefits.
Advertisement:
Asked about the chained CPI scenario, liberal Sen. Sherrod Brown told Salon, “This is unacceptable. There are common-sense ways we can reduce the deficit that do not demand sacrifice from the most vulnerable Americans.”
But there is not consensus in the party on this, obviously. This should not actually surprise anyone, because liberals and SPECs disagree on a number of economic policies: how to treat unions, tax policy, public education spending, minimum wage, the wisdom of austerity, and so on. But with Obama presenting this as part of his budget proposal, he has forced the question and exposed this rift.
So far, there are early signs that the party is willing to buck its leader – and that liberals may prevail. A majority of House Democrats circulated a letter in February expressing their opposition to chained CPI, and a key congressional source tells Salon he expects that opposition to hold, if a vote ever came to the floor. In fact, while several liberals and Democratic elected officials told Salon's Alex Seitz-Wald yesterday that they remained opposed to the policy, there were few if any Democrats coming out to support it.
That's a reflection of the politics in the country at the moment. Sure, cuts to Social Security are never popular. And indeed, these particular ones aren't either. But more broadly, economic liberalism has experienced an upsurge in the last year, politically and substantively. From last September's Democratic convention, to Obama's inaugural speech (“Medicare and Medicaid and Social Security, these things do not sap our initiative. They do not make us a nation of takers. They free us to take the risks that make this country great!"), the party has recently relied on explicitly liberal rhetorical appeals. And policy-wise, the political currents have been strong enough to incite a leftward economic shift from SPECs like New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo, a presidential wannabe who formerly preached austerity and tax cuts but now suddenly helped pass a minimum wage hike and tax increase on millionaires. This comes as initiatives to ensure paid sick leave for workers have spread throughout the country.
Advertisement:
So if the president is moving in one direction, while his party moves in another, is he primed for a major embarrassment? Perhaps not. The likelihood, according to both Democratic and Republican congressional sources, is that he may be spared a revolt or humiliating intra-party defeat -- by an unlikely ally. As they tell it, John Boehner's refusal to accept Obama's deal means the proposal may never even get to the House floor for a vote. Of course, if that's the case, that's a win for liberals, too. But if, on the other hand, Obama is somehow able to move this proposal forward, and Democrats don't stand strong against it -- well, then, it could end up that the Rendell wing of the party is the real coalition of the ascendant.
The result is that much of the Barack Obama legacy, the most sweeping and impressive progressive program of social reform since Lyndon Johnson, is in peril. There are many places where Trump and the leaders of the Republican Congress disagree, but they have all pushed for the chance to dismantle two signature Obama achievements: the Affordable Care Act, which was the crowning if incomplete culmination of decades of Democratic effort; and both domestic and multilateral efforts to slow climate change. A conservative majority on the Court also throws long-settled precedents like Roe v. Wade into question.
As if that's not bad enough, it's hard to see who will lead the party back now. Smart analysts have been warning of the weak Democratic bench for years, but the Clinton loss makes it even more urgent. Clinton, at 69, is unlikely to maintain a high-profile presence. Her defeat also signals the final eclipse of the political dynasty that her husband, Bill Clinton, constructed in the 1980s and 1990s and rode to two terms in the White House. This is not without irony: Bill Clinton was elected president with the support of many white, blue-collar voters, but Hillary Clinton and the team of confidants they had built up lost because of the same voters—in part thanks to Bill Clinton's policies (in particular, NAFTA) and in part thanks to racial backlash against Barack Obama.
Obama, whose strong popularity ratings could not save Clinton, will remain a leader for the party for years to come, but he will never top a ballot again, and this cycle proved that he doesn't have the capacity to single-handedly drag a Democratic nominee over the finish line, either.
Bernie Sanders electrified many voters, and there's a raging battle among progressives today over whether he might have fared better in a general election, but given that he is 75 today, he is unlikely to be a repeat candidate for president. Who then? Elizabeth Warren is widely loved by the most progressive Democrats, but she, too is aging—she'll be 71 on Election Day 2020—and somewhat unproven, having only won a single election in the bluest state in America. Tim Kaine's profile has risen, but his low-key campaigning style didn't exactly set Democrats afire. There is a crop of young senators who might vie for the title, like Cory Booker, who is charismatic but bland and associated with the centrist, neoliberal wing of the party. Kamala Harris, the newly elected senator from California, is viewed as a rising star, but she is just that, a newly elected senator, so it's hard to know her future. Republican domination of governorships robs the Democratic Party of another pipeline.
Some Democrats, witnessing Michelle Obama's commanding performances on the stump this year, have fantasized about her running for president in 2020. But she has evinced zero interest in electoral politics, and the Clinton experience should probably give Democrats pause about putting their trust in beloved former dynasties.
The idea that organisms can stably inherit characteristics they acquire during their lifetimes was discarded a long time ago; the fact that it doesn't seem to happen was a big strike against the pre-Darwinian idea about evolution. But over the last few decades, that idea has been making a bit of a comeback. We've identified a few forms of epigenetic inheritance—primarily chemical modifications of DNA—that can be changed during the life of an organism but can still be passed down to its progeny. There's clear evidence that this sort of inheritance is used in plants, and there are a few hints that it could influence significant traits in animals.
Yesterday, Nature Neuroscience published a paper that provides the strongest evidence yet that an acquired trait can be passed down for several generations in mice. Animals that were trained to associate a specific smell with pain produced progeny that also were sensitive to the smell—even when their entire role in producing the next generation was limited to being a sperm donor.
The paper itself inadvertently indicates just how radical this idea is. Early in its introduction, the authors (Brian Dias and Kerry Ressler) write, "An important, but often ignored, factor that influences adult nervous systems is exposure of parents to salient environmental stimuli before the conception of their offspring." Well, yes, it has been ignored. But that's largely because nobody had any evidence that it actually happens.
To generate some evidence, Dias and Ressler turned to a very simple environment-behavior interaction: learned fear. Mice can be taught to fear the smell of a specific odorant simply by giving them electric shocks whenever they're exposed to it. It's then simple to read out the strength of this through a startle response. When they hear a loud noise, mice tend to freeze for a short period of time. If you hit them with both a loud noise and the odor they fear, they'll freeze for even longer.
Rather than testing the mice themselves, however, the researchers decided to test their offspring. And they found that mice in the next generation, as well as the generation after that, also showed an enhanced startle effect when exposed to the same chemical. They ruled out the simplest explanation for this—researcher bias—by making sure that the person measuring the response was blinded to whether the mouse they were testing was an experimental animal or a control.
That result seems a bit odd, as the extensive contact among the parents and offspring (mice will care for their young for three weeks or more) gave ample opportunity for some form of social learning. But Dias and Ressler did several experiments to rule that theory out. In one, they trained females but then had their pups raised by foster mothers. Those baby mice still responded to the same odorant. They then trained males and used them as sperm donors, with females fertilized in a completely different animal facility. The offspring still showed an enhanced fear response when the odorant was present.
How could this possible work? The authors chose their odorant (acetophenone) very carefully, because it was one where the receptor that perceives its presence had been identified. So they looked in the olfactory nerve cells and found that the sensitive mice had more neurons that expressed this receptor. In other words, the parental exposure and training seemed to prime offspring to be able to perceive the odor much more easily.
Looking at the gene itself, the authors found that the training process resulted in changes to the chemical modifications of the DNA nearby that were present in the sperm of the animals. (They also checked for changes in the proteins that package the DNA, but they found none.) Thus, they conclude that epigenetic inheritance is indeed passing the fears of the father onto at least two generations of offspring.
Overall, the behavioral and mouse work seem sound; it's tough to find a flaw that would lead you to question the author's overall conclusions. That said, there are a couple of issues in the details. To begin with, the chemical changes to the DNA don't show up in the nerve cells of the olfactory area of the brain, where the changes in the receptor's expression take place. So there's a big gap between the epigenetic changes in the DNA and the brain.
The gap exists in the other direction as well. It's not clear how a learning process that takes place in the brain ends up affecting the DNA of the germ cells. The authors suggest that odorant receptors could be present on the cells that produce sperm and eggs, which could mediate part of the effect. But the implication of this work is that the animals also have to be trained to associate it with fear for the changes to take place (although that hasn't been demonstrated). All of which would imply that the germ cells are very busy doing lots of things that don't necessarily involve the production of the next generation.
Still, the initial results seem solid and very, very interesting, so these follow-up studies are very likely to get done.
Nature Neuroscience, 2013. DOI: 10.1038/nn.3594 (About DOIs).
Editorial note: I normally avoid reading other coverage of a research paper that I'm going to cover. In this case, I read coverage by Virginia Hughes before deciding to cover this. Her piece is worth reading for a different perspective, and it quotes a researcher who works on DNA methylation who is skeptical that the changes seen in this paper can alter gene expression.
A whole 240 miles above Earth, NASA astronauts had the ultimate movie night as the crew of the International Space Station watched “Star Wars: The Last Jedi.”
NASA astronaut Mar. T. Vande Hei tweeted, “Space Station movie night, complete with “bungee cord chairs”, drink bags, and a science fiction flick!”
Space Station movie night, complete with “bungee cord chairs”, drink bags, and a science fiction flick! pic.twitter.com/IPZ2thI8rw — Mark T. Vande Hei (@Astro_Sabot) December 24, 2017
Last week, NASA's Public Affairs Officer Dan Huot confirmed that Disney was working on providing a digital copy of the movie to the astronauts.
Also Read: 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi': Adam Driver's Shirtless 'Beefcake' Scene About 'Intimacy,' Says Director
“[I] can confirm the crew will be able to watch it on orbit,” Huot told Inverse. “Don't have a definitive timeline yet. They typically get movies as digital files and can play them back on a laptop or a standard projector that is currently aboard.”
“Star Wars: The Last Jedi,” as expected, is continuing its domination of the holiday box office, making $24.6 million on its second Friday with estimates pointing to a four-day Christmas weekend total of $102 million from 4,232 screens.
If Saturday's totals can push that number up by $4 million, the “Star Wars” sequel will have reached $400 million domestic by the end of Christmas Day and is expected to reach $1 billion worldwide in the next week.
Meanwhile, back on Earth, “Star Wars: The Last Jedi” is currently playing in theaters across the planet.
Police are aware of a Facebook Live video, taken at the same time by a person with the same name, showing a driver weaving in and out of traffic at a speed exceeding 100 mph.
PROVIDENCE — A 20-year-old Pawtucket man remains in critical condition at Rhode Island Hospital a day after he smashed into the rear section of a dump truck on Route 6 on Wednesday morning.
Onasi Olio-Rojas was headed eastbound on Route 6 at about 11:25 a.m. when he lost control of a Honda Civic and hit the dump truck as it joined the highway from an entrance ramp at Dean Street, said state police Lt. Derek W. Borek.
The Civic, occupied only by Olio-Rojas, then crossed three highway lanes and hit the barrier with heavy impact on the driver side of the vehicle, said Borek.
Witnesses told state police that Olio-Rojas was seen driving erratically at high speeds prior to the crash, Borek added. The young man was extricated from the Civic by Providence firefighters.
The driver of the Waste Management dump truck was not injured, but damage to the rear of the truck complicated the task of removing it from the roadway, Borek said.
The road was blocked for about two hours, he said. An investigation continues.
Troopers did not find any signs of impaired driving at the scene, Borek said.
Borek said police were aware of a Facebook Live video, taken by a person with the same name as Olio-Rojas, showing a driver weaving in and out of traffic at a speed exceeding 100 mph. The video ends abruptly at the scene of the crash, and was broadcast at the same time as the crash.
Borek said he could not verify the video's authenticity.
-With reports from staff writer Carol Kozma.
Tides can render the so-called "habitable zone" around low-mass stars uninhabitable. This is the main result of a recently published study by a team of astronomers led by René Heller of the Astrophysical Institute Potsdam (AIP).
Extrasolar planets, or exoplanets for short, have been known to exist outside our solar system since 1995. When searching for life in outer space, scientists focus on those exoplanets that are located in the habitable zone. This means that they orbit their sun at a distance where the temperatures on the planet's surface allow for the presence of liquid water. Water is believed to be an essential ingredient for life. Until now, the two main drivers thought to determine a planet's temperature were the distance to the central star and the composition of the planet's atmosphere. By studying the tides caused by low-mass stars on their potential earth-like companions, Heller and his colleagues have concluded that tidal effects modify the traditional concept of the habitable zone.
Heller deduced this from three different effects. Firstly, tides can cause the axis of a planet`s rotation to become perpendicular to its orbit in just a few million years. In comparison, Earth's axis of rotation is inclined by 23.5 degrees -- an effect which causes our seasons. Owing to this effect, there would be no seasonal variation on such Earth-like planets in the habitable zone of low-mass stars. These planets would have huge temperature differences between their poles, which would be in perpetual deep freeze, and their hot equators which in the long run would evaporate any atmosphere. This temperature difference would cause extreme winds and storms.
The second effect of these tides would be to heat up the exoplanet, similar to the tidal heating of Io, a moon of Jupiter that shows global vulcanism.
Finally, tides can cause the rotational period of the planet (the planet's "day") to synchronize with the orbital period (the planet's "year"). This situation is identical to the Earth-moon setup: the moon only shows Earth one face, the other side being known as "the dark side of the moon." As a result one half of the exoplanet receives extreme radiation from the star while the other half freezes in eternal darkness.
The habitable zone around low-mass stars is therefore not very comfortable -- it may even be uninhabitable. From an observer's point of view, low-mass stars have so far been the most promising candidates for habitable exoplanets. Now, due to Heller's findings, Earth-like exoplanets that have already been found in the conventional habitable zone of low-mass stars, have to be re-examined to consider tidal effects.
Heller and his colleagues have applied their theory to GI581g: an exoplanet candidate that has recently been claimed to be habitable. They find that GI581g should not experience any seasons and that its day is synchronized with its year. There probably would be no water on the planet's surface, rendering it uninhabitable.
Heller said, "I think that the chances for life existing on exoplanets in the traditional habitable zone around low-mass stars are pretty bleak, when considering tidal effects. If you want to find a second Earth, it seems that you need to look for a second Sun."
Spread the love
Kansas City, KS — A five-hour long standoff was just brought to an abrupt, yet peaceful, halt after police got in their vehicles with no warning — and left. Shortly after it ended, the family involved in the standoff was welcomed in their front yard by onlookers who'd gathered to show their support for the family of sovereign citizens.
According to police, Federal Marshals attempted to serve the resident of the home, Gregory Paul Andrews, with a warrant for a parole violation when Andrews told police that he would not leave his home without a fight.
The Free Thought Project spoke with a representative from KMBC who was at the scene. He told us that Andrews claimed he wasn't on parole and would not answer whether he had weapons inside. His wife and two sons were inside with him. Tactical teams with KCKPD then moved in to assist.
“Some words were exchanged, some threats were made to shooting officers,” Thomas Tomasic of the KCK police department said after the standoff ensued. “Right now they are surrounding the house. U.S. Marshals are continuing to talk with him. Hopefully they can get him to come out without us using our SCORE team to go in and get him.”
Andrews is known in the community as being outspoken against government corruption. His front yard is covered in bible verses and anti-government signs.
According to court records, Andrews is a registered sex offender who was convicted of indecent liberties with a child. However, he claims he was framed for being outspoken against the government.
“He and his wife took to megaphones saying they were prepared to die if cops were there to take him because he was innocent of the sex charges. That he was framed and now authorities were coming after him because of his exercising free speech rights,” Stacey Cameron with KMBC tells the Free Thought Project.
During the standoff, several dozen people had shown up to voice their support of Andrews. The police and media referred to them as ‘protesters.' Multiple videos were taken and live streamed as the events unfolded.
Andrews, who is white, is married to an African-American woman and is also an outspoken supporter of the Black Lives Matter movement.
As the day went on, Andrews and his wife took turns calling out the names of government officials in the town who they were claiming are corrupt. They also made several claims of their innocence and said they were being framed.
At one point, people at the scene could be heard chanting, “No, don't shoot. The community says, no.”
After a five hour long standoff, police on the scene removed the crowd barrier, got in their patrol cars, and left — with no word.
The crowd began to applaud and quickly walked over to Andrews' home. Andrews and his family then walked outside and were welcomed by the crowds.
The Free Thought Project contacted Terry Zeigler, Chief of Police for the Kansas City, KS Police Department to inquire as to why officers left. However, we've yet to receive a response.
Perhaps police felt pressured from Andrews' supporters and did not want to take him in while they were under a microscope. Or, perhaps police realized the potential for an unnecessarily violent outcome and chose the high road to avoid such a situation.
Either way, one thing is certain, and that is the fact that no one was hurt.
As we receive more information from the department on this story, we will update this article.
Hours after the standoff ended, Chief Zeigler tweeted the following:
The decision was not made lightly by the Incident Commander. We still have a warrant for his arrest. https://t.co/vCs1o7LRDG — Terry Zeigler (@KCKPDChief) August 17, 2016
PAUL Roos says he will spend more time working with Melbourne's fitness and medical staff next year as he prepares to hand over the reins to Simon Goodwin after the 2016 season.
Roos has already given some of the senior coach's duties to his successor and will continue developing other areas of the club in his third and final season at the helm.
"I'll be spending more time with the medical department and the fitness department (as part of the coaching transition)," Roos told the club's website.
"I'll be spending more time with the development department and general groups of players – whether that's younger players or the leadership group, which I was working with anyway last season.
"I'll be devoting more time with Jimmy Plunkett from Leading Teams and spending a lot more formal and informal time with staff. It's something that when the season gets underway, we tend to forget about and we get into our offices.
"With the set-up we've got, I think it's important to get out of my office and get among the staff and get among the players and talk about what we want to achieve as a footy club."
The Demons are aiming to climb up the ladder from 13th after showing some clear progress with seven wins last season.
It has been a decade since Melbourne last played finals, but the club's ambitious goal is to return to the top eight in 2016.
Improvement continues to come from a host of impressive young recruits, and Roos said a restructured of the club's football department led by football manager Josh Mahoney would help the Dees fast-track player development.
"We started talking about it with about a month to go in the season. Josh is terrifically proactive in making sure the footy department is at the cutting edge," Roos said.
"Development tends to focus on the first-, second- and third-year players, but we believe (assistant coach Brendan McCartney) can really head up the development department, which includes Nathan Jones and Bernie Vince.
"With Goody taking control of ball movement and training, plus some game style as well, Daniel McPherson's role now becomes critical. It's a role that exists at other clubs and we haven't had it here before.
"He's in charge of our game style for our VFL side, so it's almost a one-stop shop, where I can say, 'Frosty (McPherson), we need to work more on this', so that's a really, really important role.
"We've also seen this year how we've improved at Casey and the guys coming in were a lot better prepared."
The Demons recruited hardened players Jake Melksham (Essendon), Tomas Bugg (GWS) and Ben Kennedy (Collingwood) during the off-season with the intention of fielding "a team of competitors" next season.
"We want them to play at 100 per cent and master a game style that we think's going to be really sustainable for the long term. They're really the goals for next year," Roos said.
"We've shown we can defend really well and we can actually score a lot better, but it's the combination of the two that we need to get right – the balance. That's what good teams are able to do."
(CNN) -- One person died when a pipe bomb exploded outside a nightclub in West Virginia early Saturday morning, state police said.
The incident, which took place at Cactus Joe's in Barboursville in the southwestern part of the state, occurred around 2:30 a.m.
"We have an individual that brought explosive devices outside of the business. One of the devices detonated, proving fatal for the individual," Cabell County Sheriff Tom McComas said. "I don't know an exact age of the victim. We're still in the infancy of this investigation."
Police evacuated as many as 100 people from an apartment complex, mobile home and 20 to 25 houses while they searched for other bombs, police officers said.
Angie Ferguson, assistant supervisor of Cabell County 911, said authorities found another pipe bomb that had not been detonated. She said there were no other casualties from the incident.
Authorities said they have a theory about what happened, but were unwilling to elaborate on any details.
"It would be imprudent for me to speculate at this point if the bombing was an act of terror," McComas said, adding "it was strange activity" for the working-class town, which sits eight miles east of Huntington.
"We are still in the process of rendering the area safe. We anticipate that to take another hour to three hours," McComas said. "We have a major U.S. route that runs through here, Route 60...we have about a mile of it shut down until we can get the area safe," he said.
Police were examining a sport utility vehicle the victim was believed to have driven to the club, McComas said.
Ferguson called the blast an "isolated incident" and said it was unlikely that the explosion was related to terrorism. "We don't have much of that here."
IBM Redbooks Collaborates With SHARE on Publication
IDCAMS Redpaper focuses on modern issues and tips
By Valerie Dennis
The “Everything You Wanted To Know About IDCAMS But Were Afraid To Ask” session on Wednesday at 8:30 a.m. Tech Talk Corner sessions Discussions at the IBM Redbooks and SHARE booths during the SHARE Technology Exchange Expo
During the recent SHARE summer 2016 gathering in Atlanta, IBM Redbooks collaborated with SHARE attendees to write a paper during the event. IBM Redbooks Live! at SHARE resulted in the completed paper, “Everything You Always Wanted to Know about IDCAMS But Were Afraid to Ask,” which was available in draft online before the end of the conference This paper is aimed at those new to IDCAMS, the program name for access method services used primarily to define and manage VSAM data sets and integrated catalog facility catalogs. The main part of the paper is a scenario where someone new to IDCAMS is asked to build the necessary jobs to provision, maintain, and remove data sets for a new application development project. The jobs may be included later into a workflow.The paper is authored by Keith Winnard, z/OS project leader at the International Technical Support Organization, IBM, and Stephen Branch, senior software engineer, IBM. During SHARE, these authors led various events and sessions where SHARE attendees were encouraged to ask questions, provide thoughts on the topic, and tell examples and use cases. These participants are acknowledged in the paper as contributors to the content.The authors engaged SHARE attendees at the following types of sessions:IDCAMS was picked as the topic of the paper because anyone who is on z Systems can use it. “We wanted to put IDCAMS in a modern context of provisioning,” Winnard notes. The paper discusses problems people face and offers hints, tips, and suggestions.Although writing the paper in Atlanta, Winnard was able to run and verify scenarios by dialing into LPARs on z Systems servers in Poughkeepsie, New York. Using this method, he could try scenarios described in the paper and establish proof points.During SHARE, being able to write and complete a Redbooks publication “live” created buzz. “People are talking about this paper because they are excited for it,” Winnard says. He adds, "The Redbooks Live! event was meant to showcase how easily and quickly an up-to-the-minute document can come together and the benefits of collaboration. We are still receiving contributions over a week after the event and are continuing to update the published draft. Because of the continuing contributions, we expect the final publication to be available in early September."Valerie Dennis is site editor of Destination z.
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved (KRON Photo)
Vince Cestone, KRON and Dan Kerman - SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) - It is the video that still has a lot of people talking.
Things got heated between two San Francisco State University students over dreadlocks.
Now, the man who captured the incident on his cellphone talked exclusively to Dan Kerman with WISH-TV's sister station KRON about pressing charges.
By now, you are likely one of the more than 2.5 million people to view this viral video where Bonita Tindle, a female African American San Francisco State student, confronts Cory Goldstein, a male white student, to say it's inappropriate for him to have dreadlocks.
"I was the one who filmed it," San Francisco State student Austin King said.
King said he just happened to be walking through the student center when he overheard the woman in the video say she was going to find the boy who said something rude to her.
"My instincts kind of kicked in, and I thought, 'You know, something might be going on,'" King said.
Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved
King, who's a cinema major, decided to pull out his phone and start filming.
"I just wanted to create an objective recording of what happened," King said.
King said he has filmed on campus before, but nothing that has received as much attention as this.
"Here we just have someone who's because of their race is just being harassed and pulled around," King said. "It's just not right."
The video has been a lightning rod on social media for a discussion of racial issues.
"Even if we are just starting a conversation about it, I feel like that's a move in the right direction towards approaching the problem here," King said.
King said he initially feared for Goldstein's safety until Tindle's attention turned toward him.
"She had no right to grab me or grab my camera," King said. "It felt wrong."
King managed to hang on to his phone. He now plans to press charges against Tindle.
"She just so freely put her hands all over Cory, put her hands all over me, tried to take my property, tried to intimidate us into doing what she wanted," King said. "That just wasn't right. We can't have that happening on a public college campus."
Goldstein has chosen not to press charges.
As for whether there will be charges, university police said they are still investigating.
KRON was not able to connect with Tindle.
Statement from SFSU:
We are aware of the video made of an incident which occurred on campus yesterday afternoon. University police were called to the scene of the incident when it occurred. The two individuals involved in the incident are not San Francisco State University employees. Further, no criminal charges have been pressed at this time to the University's knowledge. San Francisco State University promotes the rights of the campus community to engage in free speech, but does not condone behavior that impedes the safety or well-being of others. We are taking the matter seriously and will promptly and thoroughly investigate this incident through applicable University channels, including our campus student conduct procedures
The Associated Students of San Francisco State University has issued the following statement on the video:
CurrentC, the new mobile payment system set to take on Apple Pay and Google Wallet, have already run into a bit of controversy it seems. Early testers of the app were recently sent an email explaining that their email addresses may have been stolen.
Backed by the Merchants Consumer Exchange (or MCX), CurrentC is a brand-new mobile payment system created to rival the most popular payment networks. It's funded by Walmart, Best Buy, the Gap, and more, and aims to bypass extra credit card fees, while connecting straight to your bank account. It has recently been promoted as a more secure form of mobile payment, though this latest ‘hack' on their serves casts a little bit of doubt on that idea.
Early adopters of CurrentC received an email yesterday, which yielded some unsettling news. The email reads:
Thank you for your interest in CurrentC. You are receiving this message because you are either a participant in our pilot program or requested information about CurrentC. Within the last 36 hours, we learned that unauthorized third parties obtained the e-mail addresses of some of you. Based on investigations conducted by MCX security personnel, only these e-mail addresses were involved and no other information.”
The email explains that CurrentC would never ask users any extremely personal information, like bank account passwords, social security numbers, or any other financial information. If users are to receive messages asking about any of this information, know that it did not come from the CurrentC team. A PR rep from the company goes on to say,
…Many of these email addresses are dummy accounts used for testing purposes only. The CurrentC app itself was not affected. We have notified our merchant partners about this incident and directly communicated with each of the individuals whose email addresses were involved. We take the security of our users' information extremely seriously. MCX is continuing to investigate this situation and will provide updates as necessary.
The only information that the hackers have been email addresses. While this isn't a positive situation in the slightest, at least more sensitive information was kept out of the hackers' hands.
We're sure we'll hear more from CurrentC in a statement sometime very soon. But isn't it a little ironic that, in the midst of creating a “more secure form of mobile payment”, a scandal like this happens? What's to come of CurrentC is unknown, but they may take awhile to bounce back and win back the trust of its early adopters.
Christian Clark, in a Wednesday booking photo. (Allegheny County Police Department via AP)
Update: Though police originally did not expect to bring charges against Andre Price Jr., they have charged him with two counts of child endangerment. He chose not to call police when his girlfriend told him, several times, that she was going to kill their children, the Associated Press reported. Meanwhile, police determined his girlfriend allegedly has a history of threatening and hurting the children. The 23-year-old is being held without bond.
“Ya kids ain't safe here I don't want them here,” read one text, later followed by, “So you better pray for your kids.”
The “kids” were 17-month-old Andre Price III and 2-year-old Angel Price. The messages came from a phone belonging to their mother, 21-year-old Christian Clark.
They were sent to the children's father.
[WPXI.com: Mother accused of killing son, sending photo of lifeless child to father]
On Wednesday, Clark was charged with killing Andre and attempting to kill Angel, the Associated Press reported.
“She was sending [messages] before the act, at the time of the act and following the act,” Allegheny County Police Superintendent Coleman McDonough told the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
It began on Tuesday.
Christian Clark is accused of killing 17-month-old Andre Price III amid a fight via text message with his father, Andre Price Jr. (WPXI.com)
Clark and the children's father, Andre Price Jr., sometimes lived together in McKeesport, Pa., a city outside Pittsburgh. The couple had been together earlier in the day, but Price had left for work at about 2:30 p.m.
The children were left in Clark's care.
By 8:25 p.m., though, she wondered why Price hadn't returned to the house. In a text message, she “accused Price of cheating on her with another woman,” police wrote in an affidavit obtained by the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.
The texts to Price grew more and more ominous throughout the night before becoming outright threatening. The Post-Gazette and the Associated Press obtained the transcript:
“Ya kids ain't safe here I don't want them here.”
“So you better pray for your kids.”
“Answer me or im going to jail for child endangerment.”
“Ima kill them watch.”
She further grew enraged, she told police during an interview, when “one of the children took a block, filled it with toilet water, and poured it on the floor.”
Price finally responded less than an hour later at 9:19 p.m., telling Clark that he wouldn't be coming back to the house. He told her to leave the kids be, but this only served to intensify the texts.
“Im killing them,” read a text to him, with an emoji of a face laughing so hysterically, tears are falling from the character's eyes.
Then the messages took a horrible, gut-wrenching turn.
After Price told Clark, “I'll get [off] the last bus for you okay,” he was again accused of cheating. And then he received the first picture.
It showed 2-year-old Angel on the bed, a pillow covering her small face.
Then came the second photo: It showed 17-month-old Andre III lying facedown on an air mattress, his face buried in the comforter.
“I don't love them,” the text said.
By this point, the Post-Gazette reported, Price had stopped responding.
Perhaps in an effort to get him to react, the messages grew ever more erratic and terrifying.
He began receiving videos, rather than words and pictures. One video showed the kids lying down on the bed. The next one showed Clark roughly grabbing her children, one by one. Angel began sobbing as Clark pulled on her head. Andre III, on the other hand, didn't move at all. Instead, he just hung limply.
“First of all she is clearly fine, because watch, see she is not dead,” Clark said in the video. “Him on the other hand, he doesn't budge. So you might want to call the ambulance.”
Minutes later, he received this text: “All cus you wanted to go [have sex with] her & come here when you like.”
This, finally, prompted Price to respond with, “I'm just not going to reply no more if you wanna go to jail you know what to do.”
To which came a text from Clark's phone, “Lol guess he'll be in here rotting away.”
At some point, Clark admitted to smothering Andre III by shoving his head into the air mattress for a full minute.
“Im sure it'll hurt me one im sitting in jail & you got all the evidence you need to I can't even say he suffocated in his sleep or say IDK what happened,” a text told Price.
The texts ended at 11 p.m. The last ones came when Price told Clark to wake the child after he received a third video showing her throwing Andre III's limp body onto the bed.
“It's okay im dialing 911,” said a text from Clark's phone.
“You need to if he is dead,” Price texted.
“I am,” was the response, adding. “Sorry I did this … i didn't mean to.”
At 11:13, Clark called 911 — something Price never did. An ambulance took both children to UPMC McKeesport. Andre III was pronounced dead within a half-hour, the Post-Gazette reported. Angel seemed to be in fine physical health, police said.
“It just goes to show how texts have become such a routine part of our lives that people don't even realize the nature of what they're communicating,” McDonough told the AP.
No charges are expected to be leveled against Price, but the investigation is continuing, the AP reported.
Clark has been jailed without bond at the Allegheny County Jail, WTAE reported. She has a preliminary hearing on Nov. 16. It is unclear if she has a lawyer, though one is not listed in online court records.
1 of 17 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × 17 shocking crime stories from 2016 View Photos A beloved mayor in Fairfax faced allegations of a meth-for-sex scheme, and a man (successfully) used a “the-stop-smoking-pill-made-me-do-it” defense after shooting his wife. Caption A beloved mayor in Fairfax faced allegations of a meth-for-sex scheme, and a man (successfully) used a “the-stop-smoking-pill-made-me-do-it” defense after shooting his wife. A pastor's disturbing message to his wife before killing his daughter and himself Police in Maine said former Air Force chaplain Daniel Randall bought a shotgun after completing treatment for substance abuse and drove to the home of his estranged family, where he killed his adult daughter, Claire Randall, pictured here in a 2008 photo, and then himself. A neighbor discovered their bodies at the house in Hebron, Maine. Read the story Gretchen Ertl/Providence Journal via AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
More from Morning Mix:
Someone in Texas lined a Trump sign with razor blades, then left it at a polling place
Think Beyoncé ‘doesn't belong at the CMAs?' Then you don't know country.
The debate on thick and thin libertarianism continues, and that's a good thing. Libertarians can only gain by the discussion. Often one comes to appreciate one's own philosophy more fully in the crucible of intellectual argument.
So I, for one, welcome the debate — so long as it is a real debate and not merely a series of unsupported denials of the proposition on the table. As Michael Palin of Monty Python pointed out in the brilliant sketch “Argument Clinic,” “An argument is not the same as contradiction. An argument is a collected series of statements to establish a definite proposition. It isn't just contradiction. It isn't just saying ‘No it isn't.'” (To which John Cleese responded, “Yes it is.”) “Argument is an intellectual process,” Palin continued. “Contradiction is just the automatic gainsaying of anything the other person says.” (To which Cleese responded, “No it isn't.”)
The proposition on the table is that the most robust case for the libertarian philosophy (such as I articulated but of course did not originate) entails commitments not only to the Nonaggression Principle — or what I now call the Nonaggression Obligation — but also to other values that don't directly relate to aggression (for example, opposition to even non-rights-violating forms of racism). Charles W. Johnson spells this out in some detail in “Libertarianism through Thick and Thin.” What Johnson calls “thickness from grounds” is only one of the forms of thickness he has identified, but it's the one most relevant for this discussion. Here's how he puts it:
There may be cases in which certain beliefs or commitments could be rejected without contradicting the nonaggression principle per se, but could not be rejected without logically undermining the deeper reasons that justify the nonaggression principle. Although you could consistently accept libertarianism without accepting these commitments or beliefs, you could not do so reasonably: rejecting the commitments means rejecting the proper grounds for libertarianism.… Noncoercive authoritarianism [for example, patriarchy] may be consistent with libertarian principles, but it is hard to reasonably reconcile the two. Whatever reasons you may have for rejecting the arrogant claims of power-hungry politicians and bureaucrats — say, for example, the Jeffersonian notion that all men and women are born equal in political authority and that no one has a natural right to rule or dominate other people's affairs — probably serve just as well for reasons to reject other kinds of authoritarian pretension, even if they are not expressed by means of coercive government action. While no one should be forced as a matter of policy to treat her fellows with the respect due to equals, or to cultivate independent thinking and contempt for the arrogance of power, libertarians certainly can — and should — criticize those who do not, and exhort our fellows not to rely on authoritarian social institutions, for much the same reasons that we have for endorsing libertarianism in the first place. [Emphasis added.]
The first thing this quotation does is refute the mistaken but common notion that advocates of thick libertarianism believe that force may properly be used for reasons other than to counter initiatory force. The second thing it refutes is the spurious claim that thick libertarians simply add their pet preferences onto libertarianism, like so many ornaments on a Christmas tree. To repeat Johnson's point, “rejecting the commitments means rejecting the proper grounds for libertarianism.” There are no “add-ons.”
Note also that Johnson says that the sort of commitments he has in mind “could be rejected without contradicting the nonaggression principle per se.” In other words, he does not say that someone who rejects these commitments is not a libertarian. He says only that rejection of the commitments weakens the best case for libertarianism, which in turn could weaken a particular libertarian's commitment to libertarianism itself. Despite what you may have heard, there is no attempt here to read anyone out of the movement (as though someone could actually do that).
Let's look at some counterclaims made recently in this discussion. Unfortunately, I've seen little more than the sort of unsupported contradictions about which the dissatisfied Argument Clinic customer complained. I hope someone will take up the challenge of presenting a contrary case for the Nonaggression Obligation that does not reasonably entail commitment to values not directly related to the use of force.
In a recent lecture, libertarian economist Walter Block rebutted the case for thick libertarianism, particularly my rendition, by insisting that libertarianism is only about nonaggression combined with property rights acquired through homesteading. But insistence is not argument.
He went on to rebut my proposition that libertarianism is intimately associated with individualism. Surprisingly, he denied this is the case, no matter (he added) what his mentor Murray Rothbard and most modern libertarians have believed. While Block said he has no problem with methodological individualism, he sees no connection between libertarianism and political individualism. (I had in mind political and ethical individualism: the individual is the basic unit morally and politically precisely because only individuals act.) According to Block, libertarianism is entirely compatible with collectivism as long as it is voluntary, such as in a free commune.
Of course, Block is right about that compatibility, but that in no way refutes my claim about the historical and philosophical association of libertarianism with ethical/political individualism. In my article I defended the proposition that we owe other individuals nonaggression because we owe them respect as ends in themselves. (Block never says why we owe anyone nonaggression. Does he ever ask that question?) That is why we respect a person's choice to join a commune. Thus, Block's “voluntary collectivism” cannot refute individualist libertarianism. Where Block goes wrong is in conflating ethical/political individualism, which is based on the idea of the human being as a social animal, with what we might call lifestyle, or atomistic, individualism, which I never claimed was the essence of libertarianism. To see the absurdity of Block's position, note that in his lecture he said my notion of libertarianism should logically lead to the rejection of team sports! Symphony orchestras and jazz bands too, I presume.
Another critique is provided by Lew Rockwell. (For the convenience of the reader, his article is here.) In response to my claim that libertarianism must be about more than force, Rockwell in effect parrots John Cleese: “No it mustn't.” But he does a bit more: he makes an argument from authority by citing Murray Rothbard (of whom I was a long-time friend, informal student, and admirer). He quotes Rothbard thus: “Libertarianism per se has no general or personal moral theory. Libertarianism does not offer a way of life.” That's not an argument either, but of course the thick libertarianism that Rockwell is criticizing makes no such claim. Reread Johnson's passage and see for yourself.
Rockwell then warns that thick libertarianism threatens to repeat a tragic episode in the history of classical liberalism:
To claim that it is not enough for the libertarian to oppose aggression is to fall into the trap that destroyed classical liberalism the first time, and transformed it into modern liberalism. How, after all, did the classical liberalism of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries become the state-obsessed liberalism of the twentieth and twenty-first centuries? How did the once-venerable word liberalism become perverted in the first place? Precisely because of thickism.
This is flat wrong. Statist “liberalism” did not arise from the association of classical liberalism with broader values; many classical liberals in the early days associated political liberty with a broader social and ethical philosophy rooted in natural law; so did Rothbard. Instead, liberalism was corrupted by thinkers and activists who, contrary to liberalism, wanted to use the state to accomplish their ends. As Herbert Spencer, an eye witness to the transformation, wrote in “The New Toryism,” which is included in his book The Man versus the State,
Passing now to our special question, we may understand the kind of confusion in which Liberalism has lost itself: and the origin of those mistaken classings of political measures which have misled it — classings, as we shall see, by conspicuous external traits instead of by internal natures. For what, in the popular apprehension and in the apprehension of those who effected them, were the changes made by Liberals in the past? They were abolitions of grievances suffered by the people, or by portions of them: this was the common trait they had which most impressed itself on men's minds. They were mitigations of evils which had directly or indirectly been felt by large classes of citizens, as causes to misery or as hindrances to happiness. And since, in the minds of most, a rectified evil is equivalent to an achieved good, these measures came to be thought of as so many positive benefits; and the welfare of the many came to be conceived alike by Liberal statesmen and Liberal voters as the aim of Liberalism. Hence the confusion. The gaining of a popular good, being the external conspicuous trait common to Liberal measures in earlier days (then in each case gained by a relaxation of restraints), it has happened that popular good has come to be sought by Liberals, not as an end to be indirectly gained by relaxations of restraints, but as the end to be directly gained. And seeking to gain it directly, they have used methods intrinsically opposed to those originally used.
In other words, classical liberalism sought to, and to an extent did, ameliorate the suffering of the masses indirectly by removing burdens imposed by the state and letting natural social and market forces do their work. In contrast, the New Tories sought to ameliorate suffering directly through affirmative state measures. Where are the self-styled thick libertarians who call for ameliorative state measures or advocate the use of force except to counter aggressive force? There are none.
For this reason, Rockwell need not lose sleep worrying that these libertarians might choose some other value over other people's freedom. No one understands better than they that no rational value can be achieved by violating individuals' rights.
Image caption Transparency International's move deals a blow to Sepp Blatter's moves to clean up Fifa
A corruption watchdog that was advising Fifa after a series of bribery and corruption scandals, has cut its ties with world football's governing body.
An official with Transparency International (TI) said two of its key recommendations had been ignored.
TI said Fifa paying an expert to oversee major reforms to how it is run would jeopardise his independence.
The expert, Mark Pieth, said he would not re-examine old scandals, another recommendation of TI.
The move is being viewed by many as a blow to the credibility of Fifa's reform process, which has been led by its President Sepp Blatter, says BBC sports news correspondent Alex Capstick.
Fifa has declined to comment on TI's move.
'Not independent'
Sylvia Schenk, TI's sports adviser, said Mr Pieth could not remain independent of Fifa if he was being paid by the organisation.
"We believe that someone paid by Fifa cannot be a member of the independent commission [overseeing reforms]," Ms Schenk told the Press Association Sport news agency.
"He has a contract with Fifa so he is not independent in that sense."
Mr Pieth said it was common for firms to pay outside advisers to evaluate their business practices.
"We can't start asking audit firms to do their job for free just to make sure they are independent," he told the Bloomberg news website.
TI had been invited by Fifa to sit on an outside panel headed by Mr Pieth to advise on reforms.
Fifa has been embroiled in scandals that have seen four members of Mr Blatter's ruling executive committee banned or resign over allegations of bribery.
TI's involvement was seen as a key element in Mr Blatter's strategy to clean up Fifa, says our correspondent.
The FBI might be asking your permission soon to reach into your computer and rip something out. And you don't know it's there.
In a first for US law enforcement efforts to make the Internet more secure, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has seized control of a Russian cybercrime enterprise that has enslaved millions of personal computers and may have gained access to US diplomatic, military, and law enforcement computer systems.
As if WikiLeaks wasn't bad enough.
But to destroy the criminal “botnet” for good, the FBI has to take yet another aggressive step that is alarming privacy rights advocates: remove the malware from the computers in the network. Hopefully all that gets taken out is the malware.
The FBI's target is a “robot network” dubbed the “Coreflood botnet” by investigators. It's a worldwide network created by a Russian cybercrime gang that took control of 2.3 million personal computers that vacuumed up vast amounts of US personal financial and government data for almost a decade before being targeted for extermination.
More than a million of the personal computers recruited into the botnet resided in the US, according to a filing by the Department of Justice in federal court in Connecticut last month.
As of three years ago, Coreflood was sucking up about a gigabyte of data per day and as much as 500 gigabytes a year – about equal to five library floors filled with academic journals. But it was not just credit card, wire transfer, and bank passwords – its primary target – that worried investigators.
At some point, investigators discovered, Coreflood sent back to Russia “master key” access to computer systems belonging to at least one US embassy in the Middle East – which made government officials more than a little nervous, a computer security firm investigator told the Monitor.
Also, as of this year, the Coreflood botnet had assimilated into the US portion of its network hundreds of thousands of computers belonging to 17 state or local government agencies, including one police department, three airports, and two defense contractors. Add to that list five banks or financial institutions, about 30 colleges or universities, and approximately 20 hospital or health-care companies as well as hundreds of businesses, according to the Justice Department's court filing.
Botnets are nearly ideal for criminals
Anonymous and cheap to build, botnets are a nearly ideal criminal platform on the Internet for attacks aimed at shutting down company websites – unless a payment is made – and especially pilfering personal banking credentials. Symantec, the antivirus company, reported nearly 7 million botnets on the Internet in 2009. As powerful as the Coreflood botnet became, it is old enough that most updated antivirus programs should protect computers from infection.
Millions of criminal botnets operate on the Internet today – turning individuals' personal computers surreptitiously into “zombies” or “bots” that will do whatever their criminal “bot masters” order them to do, without the owner knowing anything about it.
Authorities have tried for years to stop botnets – with mixed results.
But last month, the Department of Justice and FBI moved to take Coreflood down using an approach that could be a model for handling botnets more effectively in the future. The method? Basically, law enforcement authorities took control of the botnet by inserting into the network their own “command and control” computers capable of giving orders to the network's individual PC “bots.”
Right now, the FBI controls Coreflood.
To control its sprawling botnet, and gain access to personal bank accounts and other financial information, the Coreflood cybergang sent commands from computers in Russia. Those commands first went through computers the gang commandeered in Estonia, which then relayed instructions to “command and control” computers located in Texas, California, Ohio, Arizona, and Georgia.
The gang also used computer hosting services of unwitting Internet providers in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Massachusetts, Virginia, Florida, Arizona, Nevada, California, Oregon, and Washington.
Often the command sent was to search for words on the infected computers that indicated banking or credit-card information – and send it along. But just as often, Coreflood was instructed to send it all – giving the botnet a voracious appetite for all kinds of data. Its enormous, nonselective appetite for data may have been its undoing.
On April 12, a US District Court judge in Connecticut granted a temporary restraining order against 13 “John Doe” defendants – the alleged members of the Russian cybergang. The court gave the FBI permission to take the unprecedented step of sending an electronic “pause” command to all US-based Coreflood-infected computers – machines whose owners had no idea their computers were being controlled by a Russian gang.
PC bots told to sleep
Working closely with private computer security experts, the FBI first substituted its own computers for Coreflood's. So when the PC bots “beaconed” for instructions, they got the FBI substitutes instead. The FBI machines responded by sending commands ordering the malicious Coreflood software inside the bot computers to sleep – just do nothing.
As a result, by late last month, the number of Coreflood bots in the network that were actively “phoning home” had dropped by 90 percent, according to federal court filings last week. But that was not a permanent fix. Putting the program to sleep is not the same as removing it. Unless the malware is removed by a Microsoft or antivirus update downloaded onto the computer, it will start up again the next time the computer is rebooted.
So Step 2 began last week with the FBI seeking and getting court permission to send a “kill” command to those same computers, effectively uninstalling the botnet software. Before it sends the command, however, the FBI told the court it would get written permission from each computer owner, the court filing said.
“These actions to mitigate the threat posed by the Coreflood botnet are the first of their kind in the United States and reflect our commitment to being creative and proactive in making the Internet more secure,” Shawn Henry, executive assistant director of the FBI's Criminal, Cyber, Response and Services Branch, said in a statement.
Privacy advocates concerned
Still, the idea of having the FBI sending commands to a million computers with unknown impact on the computers is unsettling to privacy advocates.
“It's a terrible, huge botnet and if the FBI can take it out it would erase a few problems,” acknowledges Chris Palmer, technology director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a computer privacy group based in San Francisco. “I do worry about what could happen to individuals' computers if things don't go well. I just hope it doesn't expand beyond the noble goal.”
Others echo that view.
“If it doesn't work, we can't say where it might lead,” writes Paul Ducklin, head of technology in the Asia Pacific region for Sophos, a computer security firm based in Britain. “Will the next step be that the cops give up? Or that they push for yet more power? And, whichever way they go, how will people react?”
So far, however, the benefits appear clear to at least some victims waking up to the threat. In one example, the chief information security officer of a hospital health-care network discovered that 2,000 of the hospital's 14,000 computers were infected by Coreflood. Because of the FBI's move to put Coreflood out of action, the hospital was able to investigate and repair its machines instead of desperately trying to stop data from being pulled out of thousands of infected computers, according to the court filing.
But with millions of botnets available to take down, why focus on Coreflood? Though the Coreflood gang took care to remain “below the radar,” investigators say they may have finally hit a nerve – a US government so sensitized to data theft by repeated cyberintrusions that it apparently decided enough was enough.
“Part of the reason I think it received some attention by the government is that Coreflood steals an enormous amount of data,” says Don Jackson, director of threat intelligence for Dell SecureWorks in Atlanta, whose company is one of the few to study the botnet in detail since 2003.
Unlike a far more well-known banking botnet program called Zeus, which is programmed to know exactly which bits and bytes to go after to make money, financial records were “just part of volumes of information” that Coreflood stole.
“Coreflood itself is indiscriminate,” Mr. Jackson says. “It will steal all the information in your docs folder, it will steal all the passwords, all the e-mail accounts, upload all of that to the servers. Most of it may never be seen by the [Coreflood] operators. They're just searching for information in that vast data store that they can use. But within that information – because it does steal everything, and monitors everything – it transfers a lot of data back to the operators. And that includes information for sensitive government systems.”
In case of one key state police law enforcement computer system it infiltrated, Coreflood captured passwords so “you could tell which drug dealer had a civilian informant sign an affidavit in order to produce a warrant,” Jackson says.
Master key for embassy in Middle East
“One of the more telling pieces of information we found was a login – basically a master key to the networks at US embassies in Middle Eastern countries,” Jackson says. “Whether the operators [of Coreflood] realized they had that or not is one thing. But if they did, it's a huge risk to have that in the hand of Russian criminals and the kinds of people they associate with.”
Asked to describe which embassies, Jackson said the master key was “for one US embassy in this case. We turned that over to the DOJ, and the State Department took measures – more than a year ago – and it's been well taken care of.... That's a good example of the kind of information Coreflood steals in systems that would really be worthy of the government's interest.”
Was there a tipping point that led the FBI to swoop in on Coreflood? Apparently it took Coreflood hammering several agencies, including Pentagon systems.
“The embassy systems [that were affected] were the State Department's,” he says. “What I can say about it is that government and military systems were impacted by it – some many years ago…. Some agencies were aware of it a lot earlier than others.”
This is just rubbish hahahhahah! These are neither ‘insightful' or ‘humorous' nor do I believe any of these people actually watched the film and/or paid attention to it. It's not a feminist film, NO BODY in this film has any sort of rights, male or female, so how can you say its fighting for womens rights when no body has any to begin with. It's a post apocalyptic world where society and it's constructs has fallen to bits and people have resorted to living off their basic animal instincts (get food, make babies, survive). You cannot compare our society or try to fit your agendas into a story that has nothing to do with our lives. It's like saying that third world countries have no food, therefore first world countries have no food. It's just insane. You are all acting like these activities/scenarios are all ‘new' things, have none of you seen Buffy or Xena? This kind of thinking is pushing back equality to the damn dark ages, god job guys, good job.
Is The CW planning a separate TV show for Hawkgirl?
UPDATE: Comic Book Resources has gotten an answer from The CW, confirming that reports of a Hawkgirl solo series are “not true.” So, seems everyone got excited this weekend over nothing!
Normally we don't report on rumors — and this is definitely just that for now — but SpoilerTV is alleging that The CW is developing a separate Hawkgirl series for Ciara Renée.
If it happens, that would bring their total DC output up to four series, joining The Flash, Arrow and DC's Legends of Tomorrow. The CW's “Seed” initiative also has a Vixen animated show on the way.
Keep in mind that the studio and the network have confirmed nothing.
Would you watch? Or is this too much of a good thing? Leave some comments below or come by our Legends of Tomorrow forum!
The Dallas Morning News' health expert Dr. Seema Yasmin discusses a new study on sugary drinks and their effect on heart disease and diabetes deaths. (Published Tuesday, June 30, 2015)
Consumption of soda, energy beverages, and other sugary drinks may be linked to 184,000 adult deaths each year worldwide, according to research published Tuesday in the journal Circulation.
“Many countries in the world have a significant number of deaths occurring from a single dietary factor, sugar-sweetened beverages," said study coauthor Dr. Dariush Mozaffarian, dean of the Friedman School of Nutrition Science & Policy at Tufts University. "It should be a global priority to substantially reduce or eliminate sugar-sweetened beverages from the diet."
The researchers looked at 62 dietary surveys conducted across 51 countries, along with data on national availability of sugar in 187 countries as well as other information. The surveys included data collected from 611,971 individuals between 1980 and 2010.
In the report, sugar sweetened beverages were defined as any sugar-sweetened sodas, fruit drinks, sports and energy drinks, sweetened iced teas, or homemade sugary drinks such as frescas, that contained at least 50 kcal per 8oz serving. Drinks that were 100 percent fruit juice was excluded.
According to the report, the researchers estimated that in 2010 sugary drinks may have been responsible for 133,000 deaths from diabetes, 45,000 deaths from cardiovascular disease, and 6, 450 deaths from cancer.
Researchers found the impact of sugar-sweetened beverages varied widely between populations. In Japan, an estimated percentage of deaths linked to such beverages was less than 1 percent in people over 65 years old, but it stood at 30 percent in Mexican adults younger than 45.
Mexico had the highest death rate attributable to sugar-sweetened beverages with an estimated 405 deaths per million adults (24,000 total deaths) and the U.S. ranked second with an estimated 125 deaths per million adults (25,000 total deaths).
In a statement, the American Beverage Association, a trade group representing soft drink manufacturers, said “This study does not show that consuming sugar-sweetened beverages causes chronic diseases and the authors themselves acknowledge that they are at best estimating effects of sugar-sweetened beverage consumption." “America's beverage companies are doing their part to offer consumers the fact-based information and the beverage options they need to make the right choices for themselves and their families," the statement added.
Liz Ruder, a professor of nutrition and dietetics at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center, told NBC News it's not certain it was the sugar-sweetened beverages that caused the deaths since the study is not a randomized controlled trial.
"But because the authors have employed sophisticated statistical techniques and they have rich food consumption data I believe that these data are likely to be accurate," Ruder said.
The man convicted over the 2001 murder of Washington intern Chandra Levy will be released after prosecutors dropped the charges following 'unforeseen development.'
The U.S. Attorney's office said in a statement released Thursday that the office has moved to dismiss the case charging Ingmar Guandique with Levy's 2001 murder.
According to the statement, prosecutors concluded they could not convict Guandique, who is originally from El Salvador, 'based on recent unforeseen developments that were investigated over the past week.' The statement does not elaborate.
Levy's 2001 disappearance created a national sensation after the Modesto, California, native was romantically linked with then-Congressman Gary Condit.
Condit, 68, was considered a person of interest in Chandra's disappearance and murder prior to Guandique's conviction but never named as an official suspect by police.
In May this year, counsel for Guandique indicated they would present evidence at his planned retrial that would implicate Condit in Chandra Levy murder.
Scroll down for video
Released: Prosecutors say they will not retry Ingmar Guandique (above), who was convicted of killing Washington intern Chandra Levy. He was convicted in 2010, but granted a new trial last year He will now be released from prison
Guandique (left) will be released to the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, where he faces removal proceedings. Levy's (right) remains were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park in 2002
Levy's (left) 2001 disappearance created a national sensation after the Modesto, California, native was romantically linked with then-Congressman Gary Condit (center)
Levy's remains were found in Washington's Rock Creek Park in 2002.
Prosecutors argued her death fitted a pattern of attacks Guandique committed on female joggers.
At the time, he was serving 10 years in prison for attacking two other women in the park.
He was found guilty in 2010 of Levy's murder but was granted a new trial in 2015 after his attorneys argued a key witness gave false or misleading testimony.
That witness was Condit, a former California Congressman who knew the 24-year-old Bureau of Prisons interns but refused to answer questions about the nature of their relationship while under oath during her murder trial, despite the fact that the married father of two had admitted to authorities that he had an affair with the intern.
Guandique's attorney, Eugene Ohm, claimed that notes from a police interview he gave after Chandra's disappearance conflicted with his 2010 testimony in the case. Ohm did not elaborate.
In a motion filed in May, Guandique's legal team wrote that Condit had a 'powerful' and 'obvious' motivation for killing Chandra - his affair with the much younger college student.
'Mr. Condit was fully aware of the cost he could pay if his affair with Ms. Levy became public,' the defense motion states.
'He therefore had an obvious motive to kill Ms. Levy in order to keep the relationship secret, and an equally powerful motive to cover up the circumstances of her death if she died while she was with him — either through his intentional conduct or otherwise.'
Guandique's conviction was based primarily on the testimony of Guandique's former cellmate Armando Morales, who said Guandique told him he was responsible for Levy's death. Guandique's defense lawyers argued Morales' testimony was unreliable and that there was no physical evidence linking Guandique to the the murder.
A statement released today said: 'Pending action by the Court, Mr. Guandique will then be released to the custody of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, where he faces removal proceedings.
A spokeswoman for Guandique's lawyers said Thursday that the informant who reported that Guandique confessed to the crime was found to have lied.
According to the statement, prosecutors concluded they could not convict Guandique (above) 'based on recent unforeseen developments that were investigated over the past week.' The statement does not elaborate
'It is now clear that the jailhouse informant, who was central to the government's case, was a perjurer who too easily manipulated the prosecutors," Laura E. Hankins said in a statement.
In May this year, the intern's mother, Susan Levy, was shocked to learn that her daughter allegedly had rough bondage sex with Condit.
She also supported Guandique's legal push to depose at least two women who said they both had affairs with the former congressman over claims that 'he tied them up' during sex, the New York Daily News reported.
'It's very hard to hear about this,' Susan Levy told the Daily News. 'But I want the truth to come out, and I want them to follow every lead.'
Guandique's lawyers said at the time that the jogging tights tied in knots near the former Washington, DC intern's body could be linked to circumstantial evidence that the women could provide about Condit's 'desire to engage in aggressive sex and tie a woman up'.
Just in May, the intern's mother, Susan Levy, was shocked to learn that her daughter (right) allegedly had rough bondage sex with Condit (left )
The defense also attempted to convince Judge Robert Morin to allow depositions to be taken from three women who claim to have had affairs with Condit as well as a friend who worked as his former driver and bodyguard.
According to the Daily News, the motion filing stated that Condit's sperm was located on a pair of the Chandra's underwear, 'conclusively' proving that they indeed had an affair.
In addition, the motion also stated that the first woman allegedly told authorities that she and the seven-term congressman engaged in 'aggressive sex' a few months prior to when Chandra disappeared on May 1, 2001.
The first woman allegedly said she was 'scared' by his aspiration to tie her up with his neck ties and fasten them to a bed.
At the time, Susan Levy said that she was not against Guandique's actions in requesting a retrial, but still misses her daughter.
'Talk about knots — I have a knot in my stomach and in my throat,' the heartbroken mother said.
'Even if they do find the truth, I won't ever have my daughter back.
'Put yourself in my situation.Your child is supposed to come home for graduation and never does.'
Guandique (left) was facing retrial for the widely publicized case. His lawyers planned to use resources to link the tights tied in knots near her body to Condit (right), who 'desired to engage in aggressive sex and tie women up'
Authorities spent days searching for evidence relating to Levy's disappearance in Rock Creek Park (above)
Chandra (second right) was last heard from on May 1, 2001 when she emailed her parents Susan and Robert to inform them about her travel plans as she prepared to head home to California for her graduation
Chandra's remains were not found until a year after she disappeared. Guandique's lawyers argue that the location her bones were found in Rock Creek Park were less than three miles away from Condit's apartment.
The defense was also going to suggest that Chandra was tied up during the murder, basing this on the fact that a pair of knotted tights were found near her body.
Chandra was last heard from on May 1, 2001 when she emailed her parents Susan and Robert to inform them about her travel plans as she prepared to head home to California for her graduation.
She had ended her apartment lease and cancelled her gym membership in the area around this time as well according to authorities.
Her parents attempted to contact her for three days before reaching out to police on May 5 and filing a missing persons report.
Her parents attempted to contact her for three days before reaching out to police on May 5 and filing a missing persons report. Above her photos are displayed at a memorial service in California
The next day, on May 6, they called Condit, who was their congressman in California, for help locating their daughter.
Condit and Chandra had a friendship according to the congressman, though it was later reported that the two were far closer and that the married politician had been intimate with Chandra while the University of Southern California student was interning in the nation's capitol.
In the months after Chandra's disappearance more and more details were revealed about her relationship with Condit, which led him to hire a criminal defense team while still denying he had anything to do with her disappearance.
A search of the park where the young woman often jogged meanwhile turned up no evidence suggesting that Chandra had been in the area when she went missing.
Authorities announced that July there was a good chance that Chandra's body might never be found, and though Condit was cleared as a suspect his political career never recovered and he was defeated in the California primary the following March.
Two months after that, in May 2002, a man found human bones and a skull in Washington's Rock Creek Park, where police had previously searched for Chandra's body.
The park's administrative office was also one of the last searches on Condit's computer the day that Chandra went missing.
Her death was determined to be a homicide soon after, and a month after her skull and bones were found private investigators hired by her parents also found her shin bones less than 100 feet from where her remains had initially been discovered that May.
After her parents reported her missing, a search of the park (above) where the young woman often jogged meanwhile turned up no evidence suggesting that Chandra had been in the area when she went missing
In May 2002, a man found human bones and a skull in Washington's Rock Creek Park, where police had previously searched for Chandra's body (above)
It was months before the Discover of Chandra's body however that Guandique was introduced as a suspect, when a prison informant said he had spoked about murdering Chandra.
Guandique had also been accused of assaulting two other female joggers in the park.
He was behind bars at the time on drug charges but was never formally charged in the death of Chandra and her case went cold until 2006 when it was reopened by the city's new police chief.
After a three-year investigation, Guandique was charged with Chandra's murder in 2009 and later indicted on six counts including kidnapping, first-degree murder committed during a kidnapping, attempted first-degree sexual abuse, first-degree murder committed during a sexual offense, attempted robbery, and first-degree murder committed during a robbery.
He was convicted in November 2010 and sentenced to 60 years in prison the following February.
Gary Condit, who served in Congress from 1989 to 2003, moved to Arizona with his wife Carolyn
Condit, who served in Congress from 1989 to 2003, moved to Arizona with his wife Carolyn after losing his seat and opened an ice cream franchise with Baskin-Robbins.
However, in 2008 the company sued the family to seek unpaid franchise and other fees. The Condits lost the suit and were ordered to pay roughly $98,000.
He at one point also served as president of the Phoenix Institute of Desert Agriculture, a nonprofit group, but it is unclear if he still holds that job.
Condit's son Chad ran for a seat in the California House of Representatives in 2012, and his daughter Cadee is married to Adam Gray, a former aide for Condit who now serves in the California State Assembly.
And while the defense may think the six-term lawmaker is a possible suspect in the case, Chandra's father thought that the right man was behind bars.
Robert Chandra said about the retrial in an interview with Today in April; 'As far as I can see, it's just some defense attorneys trying to make themselves a name and make more money.
'He's guilty.'
Felipa, 19, in her makeshift shelter. She gave birth during Tropical Storm Manuel before fleeing her home. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Natalia, 18, walks through the abandoned village where she used to live. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Having lost almost all their possessions, the locals were unable to honor their dead as they traditionally have on the Day of the Dead, so they offered flowers. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Indigenous women walk along a dirt road that is being rebuilt after being destroyed by the storm. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Local women look down at the damage the landslides caused in their now abandoned village. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
A young woman and her 1-year-old son in their temporary home, her grandmother's house. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Very little aid has reached the community, which was very poor even before the storm. The villagers struggle to survive in temporary shelters. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
Tropical Storm Manuel, which struck in September, buried this school and most of the rest of the village of San Miguel Amoltepec Viejo in Guerrero. Alicia Vera for Al Jazeera America
SAN MIGUEL AMOLTEPEC VIEJO, Mexico — Once this was the poorest hamlet in the country. The people worked in the fields, harvesting the corn that they ate. Few adults could read or write. Houses had dirt floors and lacked indoor plumbing.
That was before Manuel, the mid-September tropical storm that unleashed the earth and smothered nearly all the houses, swallowed their possessions and pushed the inhabitants to the higher ground of a cemetery, where they pitched plastic sheeting on gravestones.
Now the nation's poorest village doesn't exist, and 336 survivors camp by the roadside under tarps and tin sheets. They rely on food from nearby villages. They don't know where they will live come winter.
If only they had been tourists.
When Manuel punched the southern state of Guerrero, an area constantly pummeled by earthquakes and storms, the government had no contingency plan. It put the wealthy first. Authorities quickly mobilized airplanes to evacuate thousands of vacationers who were stranded in the resort of Acapulco for what was a long holiday weekend.
Two weeks later, the first shipments of clothing and food from the government finally reached La Montaña region, one of the nation's poorest and home to isolated clusters of indigenous people. More than 30 people died during the storm, although miraculously none in San Miguel. The landslide occurred during the day, so many were able to get to the sanctuary of the graveyard.
But before those shipments, the earliest aid to the area was spearheaded by a human-rights group, Tlachinollan, not the military, whose troops have long been accused of raping and harassing locals. Soldiers and government agencies that normally deal with disasters came later.
Activists liken the tardy official response to Manuel to the poor government showing after Katrina in the U.S. They say it shows callousness toward ethnic native groups, which have suffered from discrimination since the Spanish conquest more than 500 years ago.
“Authorities are not very interested in helping indigenous people,” concluded Arquimedes Bolito Gonzalez, who is an organizer with Enlace, a workers'-rights organization that tries to promote better living conditions among such groups.
News broke Monday night that Rep. Tom Price (R-GA) was nominated to be the next Secretary of Health and Human Services. It didn't take long for national Democrats to pounce on Trump's pick.
"Congressman Price has proven to be far out of the mainstream of what Americans want when it comes to Medicare, the Affordable Care Act, and Planned Parenthood. Thanks to those three programs, millions of American seniors, families, people with disabilities and women have access to quality, affordable health care. Nominating Congressman Price to be the HHS secretary is akin to asking the fox to guard the hen house," incoming minority senate leader Chuck Schumer said in a prepared statement.
Rep. Price ran an orthopedic clinic for many years before entering the House of Representatives and he is an expert on health issues. Trump has promised to move quickly on repealing (or amending) Obama's Affordable Care Act once in the White House. Price has already offered alternatives to Obama's government-centered legislation in Congress.
Trump spokesperson Jason Miller has said replacing the President's health care law is one of the major projects Price will lead on upon becoming secretary of HHS.
New York Senator Chuck Schumer, who will be replacing the outgoing Harry Reid as leader of Senate Democrats, has been lamenting for some time now on Republican proposals to abolish Obamacare and other GOP ideas such as privatizing Medicare. Schumer made comments to the Associated Press in November that Republicans would “rue the day” they tried to abolish Obamacare.
The incoming leader of Senate Democrats knows he has a tough road ahead of him. Any opposition his colleagues muster up on legislation will be met with a GOP-controlled Senate, House, and White House. Schumer has been using the lame duck session before the transfer of power in January to scare Republicans into forgoing changes to Obama's coveted health care law.
The threats do come with some irony. After facing voter backlash in two separate mid-term elections, Schumer publicly said in November 2014 that Democrats were “wrong” to focus on health care instead of other issues middle class Americans care about.
Voters did not want Obamacare and the law has remained controversial with Americans. Given Donald Trump won on a message of replacing Obamacare tooth and nail, perhaps Sen. Schumer should respect the president-elect's mandate.
The reluctance of doctors to work in remote rural areas has set back healthcare in India's villages, but a public-private partnership in Rajasthan aims to fix that
In the women's ward, two newborns are sleeping beside their mothers, one of whom is happy because hers is a boy. The other is unhappy because her child is a girl, and her sixth daughter.
The ward is in the primary healthcare centre (PHC) at Bhatodi, in the middle of the countryside, on Highway No 12 in Rajasthan.
For Rakeshi, 30, from Bana village, another girl is not the best news. Asked what name she will give her, she shrugs: “I'm tired of naming girls. You give her a name.”
Her latest experience at the centre has been very different to previous ones. Three of her daughters were born here. “There were no curtains and the lights and fans didn't work. Two dirty beds were stacked up against a wall. One bed was available and it had no sheets. I got a sheet from home,” Rakeshi says.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rakeshi with her daughter and Ajwinder Kaur, district administrator for the Wish Foundation. Photograph: Amrit Dhillon for the Guardian
Worse was the doctor. “He demanded 500 rupees [£5]. I refused and he went away. When my labour pains became unbearable, he came back and asked for the bribe again. He knew I'd give it when the pain was too much.”
This time, she hasn't had to bribe anyone. She looks comfortable and is thrilled at the clothes she has been given as a gift for her baby. She grins. “I'm in no hurry to go home. This is nicer than home.”
“Nicer than home” is not a comment often associated with government clinics that are meant to provide free treatment. “Dirty” is more common. Doctors are often absent, along with syringes, medicines, even cotton wool. Villagers are often forced to travel by bus to private clinics or the district hospital.
The lack of amenities at village level is partially responsible for the 1.26 million Indian children aged under five who die every year and the 44,000 mothers who die annually, according to government statistics.
India faces massive challenge to get mental healthcare right | KumKum Dasgupta Read more
Experts agree that the government has mostly failed to provide basic healthcare in rural areas. The Bhatodi clinic is part of a pilot project the Rajasthan government announced in June to improve the quality of care in remote areas, including the biggest problem of doctor absenteeism.
State authorities launched a public-private partnership (PPP) with the Wish Foundation under which the government provides infrastructure, medicines and equipment, and finances the operating costs. The foundation provides the staff and runs the clinics. Seven months ago, the foundation took over 30 of the state's worst performing PHCs.
The Bhatodi clinic runs an outpatient department between the hours of 9am and 7pm. For villagers who may spend hours getting there – Rajasthan is a gigantic state, almost as big as Germany – the department is vital. The number of patients has doubled to an average of 80 a day under the foundation. The clinic is clean. Waste is segregated. It is fully staffed by 11 personnel.
“When we took over, there were no emergency medicines. There were no drugs for chronic heart and diabetes patients, not even anti-rabies injections,” says pharmacist Rajesh Gautam. “Now, I feel we can handle most cases.”
The foundation has bought equipment: a TouchHB device to detect haemoglobin levels without taking blood; SuCheck for blood sugar levels; a urine analyser, and a mobile lab capable of 37 different tests.
Dr Paramveer Singh, 27, has spent the morning handling mostly vomiting, diarrhoea and cholera cases, and a dog bite.It is difficult to persuade doctors to live in remote areas. The foundation finds retired doctors who want to supplement their pension, or newly qualified doctors like Singh.
“We also give a retention bonus after six months and then another bonus after the first year to keep them on. You need incentives,” says Himani Sethi, head of programmes at Wish. So far, she says, they have a 73% retention rate for doctors and less than 2% absenteeism among staff at all 30 PHCs.
In the general ward, Hari Mohan, 30, has brought his wife, who has a high temperature. “[Before], the doctor either wasn't here or refused to see me. This time it's so much better. I'm going to tell my village that it's now worth coming here,” Mohan says.
The government has invited bids from more private partners to scale up the project. “The results are promising. We have decided that 90 out of a total of 2,082 PHCs will come under the PPP,” says Dr BR Meena, director of public health at the Department of Medical Health and Family Welfare.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An examination bed at the deserted PHC in Malarana Chor. Photograph: Amrit Dhillon for the Guardian
Kiran Mazumdar Shaw, the managing director of biopharmaceutical company Biocon, wrote recently in the Times of India that a 2013 law mandating that corporations must spend 2% of their profits on corporate social responsibility could be a catalyst for more healthcare PPPs.
Critics of PPPs say they are a dereliction of duty by the government. All it takes, though, to see what the government offers is a 4km drive from Bhatodi to Malarana Chor, where a PHC still operated by the government is located.
The building looks abandoned. Birds have built nests in the corridor. Medicines are strewn over a counter in the dispensary. The rooms and beds are filthy. The taps are dry. While many government clinics are shabby and understaffed, this one is in particularly poor condition.
Apart from the ambulance driver, Prakash Ram, and a man asleep on a bench, the building is deserted. Where's the doctor? “On leave,” says Ram. What about the other staff? “They're also on leave.”
Welcome¶ Theano is a Python library that allows you to define, optimize, and evaluate mathematical expressions involving multi-dimensional arrays efficiently. Theano features: tight integration with NumPy – Use numpy.ndarray in Theano-compiled functions.
– Use in Theano-compiled functions. transparent use of a GPU – Perform data-intensive computations much faster than on a CPU.
– Perform data-intensive computations much faster than on a CPU. efficient symbolic differentiation – Theano does your derivatives for functions with one or many inputs.
– Theano does your derivatives for functions with one or many inputs. speed and stability optimizations – Get the right answer for log(1+x) even when x is really tiny.
– Get the right answer for even when is really tiny. dynamic C code generation – Evaluate expressions faster.
– Evaluate expressions faster. extensive unit-testing and self-verification – Detect and diagnose many types of errors. Theano has been powering large-scale computationally intensive scientific investigations since 2007. But it is also approachable enough to be used in the classroom (University of Montreal's deep learning/machine learning classes).
Download¶ Theano is now available on PyPI, and can be installed via easy_install Theano , pip install Theano or by downloading and unpacking the tarball and typing python setup.py install . Those interested in bleeding-edge features should obtain the latest development version, available via: git clone git : // github . com / Theano / Theano . git You can then place the checkout directory on your $PYTHONPATH or use python setup.py develop to install a .pth into your site-packages directory, so that when you pull updates via Git, they will be automatically reflected the “installed” version. For more information about installation and configuration, see installing Theano.
Community¶ “Thank YOU for correcting it so quickly. I wish all packages I worked with would have such an active maintenance - this is as good as it gets :-)” (theano-users, Aug 2, 2010) Register to theano-announce if you want to be kept informed on important change on theano(low volume).
Register and post to theano-users if you want to talk to all Theano users.
Register and post to theano-dev if you want to talk to the developers.
Register to theano-github if you want to receive an email for all changes to the GitHub repository.
Register to theano-buildbot if you want to receive our daily buildbot email.
Ask/view questions/answers at StackOverflow
We use Github tickets to keep track of issues (however, some old tickets can still be found on Assembla).
Come visit us in Montreal! Most developers are students in the LISA group at the University of Montreal.
We've heard much about the Republican war on women. Exhaustingly.
Lately, we've also heard about the war on men.
The war on men-on-women-on-men . . . or something, as MSNBC's Alex Wagner described it recently, gained fresh traction with a controversial column by the Wall Street Journal's James Taranto about campus rape.
James, honey, meet Pandora.
In full disclosure, I wrote a book called “Save the Males,” so my understanding of these issues is not vague. The title notwithstanding, my bias is toward neither sex but toward yin and yang. My central point was that relations between the sexes do not constitute a zero-sum game, and our failure to recognize the differences between men and women undermines much of what makes us a civilized nation.
1 of 148 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The best editorial cartoons of 2014 (so far) View Photos A collection of cartoons from around the country. Caption A collection of cartoons from around the country. Lisa Benson/Washington Post Writers Group Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
What got Taranto going was a New York Times article about bystander intervention in campus rape. Basically, if a drunk guy is getting aggressive with a girl, you're supposed to stop him. What was once simple citizenship is now innovative behavior modification. Elsewhere the zeitgeist was buzzing about proposed legislation in California that would codify the terms of consent in sexual relations among college students. Saying “yes” apparently isn't good enough. Now yes needs to be persistent throughout the act.
The comic possibilities are nearly irresistible, but my survival instinct prompts me to exercise restraint. Herein lies one of the problems with gender issues. Someone always takes things too far, making ridiculous what should be treated with scientific precision.
The war on men or women, take your pick, quickly morphs into a war on intelligence. “They” are winning.
Taranto may have been inartful, but he wasn't wrong to note that the problem of campus sexual assault (or misunderstanding, as the case may be) is often, if not always, related to alcohol. Drunks misbehaving, in other words. But when two drunks have sex, who, ultimately, is responsible should one decide that she didn't really mean it? Without current data at my fingertips, I feel safe in presuming that few males charge females with rape following a party.
If the female decides at any point, including the next day, that she didn't really want to engage in sex — no matter her own behavior at the time or the fogginess of her recollection, never mind the male's own degree of inebriation — is the male entirely to blame?
Even posing this question will get you banished from the kingdom in today's confusing sexual arena. The National Organization for Women has called for Taranto's firing. His error, hardly a firing offense, wasn't in posing the question about equal drunkenness but in comparing a sexual assault to a car wreck in which both drivers are equally drunk and the male gets blamed. The failure of this analogy should be self-evident.
In any case, these are tough questions for all fair-minded people. My own view will be repugnant to everyone. Feminists won't like it because it runs counter to the very arguments they have advanced in their impossible pursuit of absolute equality. Men won't like my answer because it will feel unfair, even though it is born of respect for men's unique gifts and because it contradicts what feminism has insisted for the past several decades.
Obviously, men and women (boys and girls, really) are equally to blame for getting silly-faced, but — you'd better grab a seat — men should be held to a higher standard. This is not because they're worse people, far from it, but owing to their superior physical strength and, let's be honest, the obvious biological and anatomical differences, including, relative to females, copious quantities of testosterone, which fuels both libido and aggression.
In any arena involving physicality, the stronger of two has the moral responsibility to protect the weaker. In heterosexual sex, barring exceptions that merely prove the rule, this will always be the male. It is for men to not take advantage of women who are bereft of their faculties, no matter the state of their own.
Although we can argue that women shouldn't get drunk and convey mixed signals (try dissecting that the next day), they are functionally less able to resist the advances of a determined male.
This presumes that men should be chivalrous toward women, a concept not much in vogue these days. But worse than an old-fashioned idea is a modern state that believes it should review with whom and how you conduct your sex life.
Read more from Kathleen Parker's archive, follow her on Twitter or find her on Facebook.
The future is fast paced. Are we, we as mankind, stepping into “World 4.0” era ? Is “world 4.0” era better term than “Industry 4.0” ? Robots are scaring us, but, they are arriving in our homes and no one can stop this. In the world of wearable robotics for rehabilitation of medical injuries – you will meet a small group of people who have worked very hard, often inspired by friends and family who they wanted to help. You will not find a robot empire, but pockets of amazing people who want simply to leverage technology to help people they care about to overcome injury, illness and gravity.
Recommended: “Homo Deus” by Yuval Noah Harari great read on the future of Sapians.
Many of you will have heard of Ray Kurzweil, the futurist, inventor and now director of engineering at Google, who predicted, among other things, the rapid expansion of the Internet back in 1990. He then went on to popularise the concept of “the Singularity”, an era in which humans will merge with artificial intelligence, transcend our biological limitations and, ultimately, achieve immortality. Whatever your views about Mr Kurzweil's more advanced predictions (although we feel obliged to point out that he has previously enjoyed an 86 percent accuracy rate) it certainly looks increasingly likely that some of those relating to the near future will be validated. This is because the basis for many of his theories lies in the exponential growth curve in computing power that we are witnessing right now. Just as one example, it's nearly the time of year when we will find out about the latest performance of the world's most powerful supercomputers. The current frontrunner is China's Sunway TaihuLight, which has a High Performance Linpack (HPL) rating of 93.0 petaflops.
People need to outsmart the robot
You can't outrun the future but the future can outrun you. In Eindhoven, we even found about an employment agency for robots. You can't stop the exponential growth of technology like robotics. With the contribution of artificial intelligence and cognitive capacities we are creating autonomous entities, like cars but also robots. That makes it really interesting: autonomous. Combined with blockchain ‘they' will have bankaccounts etc like humans. New ecosystems, new infrastructure and new challenges which have to do with the balance between money, law, control and ethics. Interesting and much closer than most of us can imagine. Working side by side with a robot, having robot lift heavy equipment as required in manufacturing industry is fine but integration of a machine with a human would destroy our species as we know it, before we see the potential we hold within unfold. Nothing wrong with development of technology but one has to be very careful as to how it's applied. Note, that exponential development of technology is also paralleled with exponential leap in awareness. Robots is a new toy and it may be exciting to observe its development but be mindful – the toy is not as attractive as you think!
Related: Workplace Artificial Intelligence
[Premium Content] A little of help reach us the right audience! version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"? image/svg+xml We won't mind if you don't; but your can find some really vital information inside.
Share Tweet
For anyone not familiar with the cute-sounding petaflop – or HPL ratings for that matter – it is equal to a quadrillion (one thousand trillion) floating-point calculations per second. If your head isn't hurting too much after considering that, compare the Sunway TaihuLight's performance with that of the former supercomputing champion, the Tianhe-2, which has an HPL rating of 33.8 petaflops. Now, that's what we call a growth curve. Based on this, Mr Kurzweil's proposal that by 2050, one thousand US dollars will buy a computer that has a billion times more intelligence than every human combined, doesn't seem quite so far-fetched. Because of the recent incredible advances in computing and other technologies, we have seen a resurgence of the old “man vs. machine” debate, which has tended to peak during our most intense phases of industrialisation. And in turn, our newsfeeds have started to rumble with headlines claiming that robots are going to take all of our jobs. At the same time, several studies – such as this recent McKinsey report – put forward a more balanced viewpoint. While not denying that almost half of the activities that people are paid to do have the potential to be automated during the next few decades, they also argue that people will need to continue to work alongside their machine “colleagues”, and that where people are displaced by automation, they will find other employment as the nature of work changes.
See Mary Shelley's ‘Frankenstein'
What's coming next is even more fascinating however, because as we really start to embrace the power and potential of systems like artificial intelligence and virtual or augmented reality, the lines of distinction between the human and cyber worlds will start to blur – paving the way for the next phase of our evolution as digitally enhanced humans, or “Homo Digitalis”. We are close to a very hard decision: stay human or become machines? Something like cyborgs, much more than simply wearing exoskeleton suits. We are far from making a precise opinion about that. And hope we'll choose the best for us and for our earth and the ecosystem too, but we are not optimistic about the capitalist way of making choices. Where people are displaced by automation, they will find other employment as the nature of work changes. The desire to preserve our own and collective existence is the driving force and the brain is our most important feature which we have been leveraging to achieve this, to date. These natural capabilities will continue to merge with artificial biology and supercomputers, and as a result more and more facets of human life and our abilities will be recreated/improved artificially. The Blue Brain Project is as good an example of this process as any.
Does it matter if it's the continuous consciousness of the original, or would the copy be alive anyway?
The robots are robots, they will do programmed work only. There is no creativity . Mechanised work is very different work from smart work. The only accomplishment here is to perpetuate an asshole's characteristics indefinitely in a machine. If he/she did not learn to be a better person in 50 – 70 years, what makes anyone think that they will learn in 500 – 700 years? The ultimate question here if we go literally digital to conquer death, how will we ever be certain it is really us or just a really clever copy? If we could be digitized, we would still suffer the treachery we have always demonstrated. It could be detrimental to basically create a sentient computer with unlimited and instantaneous recall of the entire sum of human knowledgee and the motivations and memories of a human being. Ambition in artificial intelligence would be wise to avoid, but if we create it we must assume the evolution to self awareness will be achieved in exponential leaps at speeds we are not repaired for.
Related: Artificial Intelligence: Selfie into 3D Avatar
The Future of World… Maybe for man, but for mankind?
Looking forward to 2050, the future of mankind rests in transitioning to a Type 1 civilization…We are a Type 0, they go extinct… We are about to become demigods. Probably, we will merge with our processing technology and each of us will have his or her own virtual universe to rule over with absolute control over every aspect of it, and millions of planets with countless “life” forms in it (which we may control or merge with as well). Just as programmers of video games have absolute control over the worlds they create. Immortals, omniscient and omnipresent, all-powerful over our own universes. And of course, capable of exploring THIS universe as well, maybe directly contacting its Creating Entity and finding out we are characters in His game… The LAST question for us then, will be: Ethics and maturity. Will we be content to own just one universe? Or will power drive us mad and turn us into “universe conquerors”, hacking into others´universes, based on greed, on the desire for yet more power? Will we be good? Or evil? Or both? Will we be capable of achieving wisdom, insuring a peaceful and harmonious coexistence with all the other demigods, or will we go to war? Or will we all merge into one hyperentity? Or will we one day get tired of godhood and start the ultimate game all over again, turning ourselves into a Universe which will have to evolve for billions of years till it inevitably one day re-creates…US? Perhaps that is exactly what is happening?
Photo by Chris Tuite
"I feel like, in this country, whenever it comes to our things, like black issues or black politics or black music or whatever, there's always this undercurrent of kinda like a 'fuck you,'" said Azealia Banks in the now viral clip of the Harlem rapper's nearly hour long interview on Hot 97. At this point of their talk, Banks had been asked about her ongoing feud with Iggy Azalea, one that began when XXL chose Azalea as part of the Freshman 2012 cover even after making a runaway slave master joke in a song. "I'm pro- black girl," she said then. "I'm not anti- white girl, but I'm also not here for any1 outside of my culture trying to trivialize very serious aspects of it. In any capacity."
Almost exactly thirty minutes after beginning the discussion on what makes the success of white rappers like Azalea or Macklemore so difficult to digest in the context of hip-hop's history, Banks broke down. The conversation turned towards black erasure, and Banks' defense of black culture was profound, intense and necessary. "At the very fucking least, y'all owe me the right to my fucking identity," she says. Nicki Minaj serves as her example and calls Azalea's choice of the name Reclassified for the re-release of her album The New Classic "cultural smudging." Between Banks' interview and the past few months of heightened attention to the injustices plaguing black Americans by those who should be protecting them serve as a reminder that to be black in America means that you are drawn in pencil and readily available to be erased at any moment.
Erasure is what systemic racism and oppression feed off of. Erasure of black bodies and black voices is what allows officers of the law to walk away from the homicides they've committed before even being taken to trial, which would have at least humored us into believing that the government can be just and fair. Erasure is everywhere, from our justice system to our art and popular culture where being a black creator has typically meant that you are only valuable if appetizing to a white consumer market, and, in turn, able to be reimagined as a form of art without non-white origins.
Last year, Grantland named cultural appropriation as the winner of 2013, and the claim is far from untrue given the uncomfortable conversation about race it dredged up about forms of entertainment that are seen as trivial or even lower class. But it's not like that discomfort or the act of appropriation ended once the calendar flipped to 2014. Like the police brutality that became the center of our news cycle in the later half of this year, the act of copying style heavily associated with being a person of color in America, and, most importantly, a dangerous or "thug-like" person of color in America, was not a new trend. The aggressions of white people as either murderers or appropriators has become so laughably effortless, making it seem like prejudice is something inherent rather than learned and that alone is terrifying. It's as if once someone declared our society post-racial that all the stops were pulled out to remind the country that equality is an illusion and to be white in America is the only way to survive in America.
We ask of hip-hop, a genre gripping on to its roots in lower class black and brown communities as it continues to rise as our most omnipresent form of pop music, to be a beacon of hope and prove that its gain and value of earned status has been worth it. Kanye West and Jay-Z are our living proof of not only black genius but of black luxury, where skin color cannot stop talent from being rewarded in abundance and excess. We want them to be our leaders and to rally from their platforms, though they've been warning us and relaying their experiences with racial profiling and corrupt cops from the moment they rose to prominence.
Then there are the artists that are copying them. Iggy Azalea with her affected and deep-fried Southern drawl. Justin Timberlake and Robin Thicke with their affinity for ripping the style of R&B and soul singers of the past. (In Thicke's deposition in the "Blurred Lines" lawsuit, we learned that despite being too wasted to have contributed to a song he says was wholly Pharrell's composition; in Pharrell's testimony, we learned that white artists getting credited for black work is industry standard.) An endless line of post-Disney stars copping the language of hip-hop in a way that connotes parody rather than absorption of popular trends. To be black has always been the new black and will continue to be the only black since it's been in style for decades. From Elvis Presley's dance moves to Led Zeppelin's blues rips, to be black has always been more palatable when the skin you're in is actually white.
On Twitter, people taunted and begged for the white artists who have become most famous for their take on being black to speak up, though they've remained silent. Banks became the most vocal, calling out Azalea for her down-ness not extending past her public persona and music. Their silence is irksome, especially in a year where some of the top hits (Katy Perry's trap influenced "Dark Horse"; Magic!'s reggae song "Rude"; Azalea's many singles and guest spots) have not only carried out the trend of silencing roots but have continued to prove just how much money we're willing to pour into that machine. However, Azalea has used her social media platforms to respond to any and all criticism of her, shaving down the purpose of Banks' frustration to her being upset about not being as successful.
What Azalea's response proves is what everyone already knew about her and the artists just like her: everyone wants to be black but no one actually wants to be black. Stealing, idealizing and mimicking has become the way she profits in the music industry but she doesn't understand a damn thing about the people she steals from. For Banks, and really the rest of black America, stories about the ways in which we have been wronged are exhausting, tired, and played out. She released an excellent album this year, serving as one of many examples of the ways in which artists of color are still reinventing their place and sound in the music world. As she so powerfully puts it, "my black story is deeper than the boat ride over."
This story was originally was published on Thursday morning. It has been updated to reflect the news that Tony Romo miss 6-10 weeks with a broken back.
Sometimes it's better to be lucky than good.
So far, that appears to be the case when it comes to the Dallas Cowboys and their backup quarterback position.
With today's news that starting quarterback Tony Romo could miss significant time after an MRI revealed a broken bone in his back (the result of an awkward slide and then tackle by Seattle end Cliff Avril on Thursday night) the Cowboys better hope fourth-round pick Dak Prescott continues to be impressive. In the 14 games Romo has missed the previous three seasons, Dallas has gone 1-13, including 1-11 last season.​
After striking out on two draft-day trades to move up and select Paxton Lynch (Broncos) and Connor Cook (Raiders), the Cowboys settled Prescott with the 137th overall pick in the fourth round. Even after having Prescott in the building and watching backup Kellen Moore break his ankle early in camp, the Cowboys reportedly tried to sign Nick Foles (Chiefs) after he was released by the Rams.
But three games into a sensational preseason for Prescott, the Cowboys stopped looking at other options at the backup quarterback position behind Romo, who is 36 and had two recent back operations and broke his collarbone twice.
Are the Cowboys right to think they're in good hands should Prescott be pressed into service? Is Prescott for real?
After watching Prescott's first three games against the Rams, Dolphins and Seahawks, even a bitter curmudgeon would have to admit it looks like Jerry Jones and the Cowboys lucked into a backup quarterback for the present, and perhaps a future starter.
The rapid timetable is obviously not desirable. Rookies, especially at the quarterback position, are susceptible to highs as well as lows as they learn on the job. And as opposed to the preseason, teams in the regular season will specifically tailor their gameplans to stop what Prescott does well.
Everyone heard the eye-popping statistics after facing the Rams and Dolphins: 22 of 27 passes for 338 yards, four passing touchdowns, two rushing touchdowns, zero interceptions, a perfect passer rating of 158.3 and 9-for-9 on scoring drives (51 points). Those are phenomenal. No rookie quarterback in the past decade has come close to putting up this type of statistics.
But let's be real, most of his throws didn't come in the face of immediate pressure that most rookie quarterbacks face, whether they're top picks (usually on rebuilding teams) or mid-round picks playing with few guys that will make the 53-man roster. The Cowboys are a good team that, when Romo was healthy, went 15-4 in his starts the past two seasons. Standout left tackle Tyron Smith didn't play until the Seattle game, but Prescott has had the unusual advantage of playing behind 4/5ths of the best offensive line in football, and throwing to veteran targets like Dez Bryant and Cole Beasley (against the Rams, partially versus Miami). You'd have to go back to Jay Cutler (11th overall in 2006, Broncos) and Matt Flynn (seventh round in 2008, Packers) to a find rookie quarterbacks on similarly talented teams (108.3 and 100.2 rating, respectively), but with one huge difference: neither started any of the first three exhibition games. Prescott had that advantage against the Rams, but remained stellar against the Dolphins.
So, basically, Prescott has been given the rare opportunity to drive a luxury car as a mid-round rookie. He's also had the advantage of having one of the game's great play callers (offensive coordinator Scott Linehan) crafting his script, and both the Rams (either soft coverage or safe one-on-one coverage) and Dolphins (a 20-yard untouched scramble for a touchdown, really?) looked lost in the secondary.
But I don't care what you're rolling with, a Rolls-Royce or beat up pickup truck, or throwing against first-team 11-on-11s or routes on air, or facing the 1981 Baltimore Colts defense, what Prescott did in the first two games under any scenario is very impressive.
That only continued against his stiffest test yet, the Seahawks defense at CenturyLink Field. Prescott finished 17 of 23 for 116 yards and a touchdown. He did it coming off the bench in an emergency situation after Romo went down during the first drive. Showing his aversion to pressure and ability to calmly deal with anything thrown at him, Prescott completed his first two throws before the Cowboys had to punt. They scored a touchdown on the next possession when Prescott hooked up with Jason Witten on a 17-yard pass that was underthrown but it was a good decision to throw to the Pro Bowler with the back of Seahawks linebacker K.J. Wright (a good coverage linebacker) facing Prescott.
The manner in which he's done it that has been most striking. No, he hasn't faced a ton of pressure (ProFootballFocus.com says Prescott has been under pressure more than not, but that's a bit misleading; a lot of it was late in the down, especially in the first two games), and he's yet to really thread the needle down the middle of the field where the highest degree of difficulty resides, but he's been remarkably poised in every circumstance. Whether it's getting the play call, getting the team to the line of scrimmage, facing down a blitz or picking out the man coverage and lofting a pass where only his receiver can get it (he's done that multiple times), Prescott has the look of a seven-year veteran, not a rookie.
Prescott started in the Rams' first game at the Coliseum since returning to Los Angeles, in front of the largest-ever crowd for an NFL preseason game and against an excellent defensive line, and he carried himself like it was the spring game at his alma mater, Mississippi State. On his fourth pass, the Rams dialed up a delayed safety blitz. Most rookies either wouldn't see the blitzer and get decked, flee the pocket early or rush a throw. Prescott saw the blitzer, stood his ground, and found his hot route in Beasley for 8 yards. Simple, but telling.
Prescott loves to throw the back-shoulder pass, which is normally a veteran toss. But he can also drop it in the bucket along the sideline like he did on the 32-yard touchdown to Terrance Williams.
That continued against the vaunted Seahawks defense. It certainly wasn't as easy or polished as the first two, but Prescott showed he can handle the pressure, survey the field and make good decisions. He also showed well in a two-minute drill before halftime, leading the Cowboys on a 12-play drive that resulted in a field goal. Only once in Prescott's seven drives against Seattle did Dallas go three and out.
Prescott looks like the real deal. Can he get the job done and keep Dallas afloat (or better) until Romo returns on an accelerated timetable? That might be a tall task, but it's not out of the realm of possibilities. If that's the case, the Cowboys really are lucky.
All good in Tampa (in the locker room, at least)
There were rumors, after defensive-mind head coach Lovie Smith was ousted after just two seasons with the Buccaneers for offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter, that the Buccaneers could split along offensive-defensive lines. Defensive tackle Gerald McCoy, Tampa's leader and an early believer in Koetter, said all is good with the team as the Buccaneers wrap up their first camp under Koetter.
“As far as Coach Smith goes, when you were in his meetings, he was always smiling,” says McCoy. “When you'd see him around the building, he was always smiling. And it goes to show how much he loves this game and when he's coaching it, he can't stop grinning and he's kind of giggling. He takes it so serious but you can tell he loves it so much that he gets a joy from coaching us. When you have a coach like that, you can't help to feed off that energy and it makes you want to do things the right way. So (his firing) was tough to see.
“(But) I always said last year that Coach Koetter carried himself like a head coach. He's such a great coordinator—he's not a good one, he's a great one—he has to constantly focus on what his offense is doing. And then he had the No. 1 overall pick (Jameis Winston). He didn't have time to fraternize with the defense, he had to get this guy ready to play because he's going to lead our team. So he didn't talk to the defense much, but when he did, he just carried himself like a head coach. So when he got hired, I was like, 'Oh, we're good.' You didn't have to wonder what we were getting because we had been around him. So if nobody else was happy, I was. I know Jameis was, for sure. But I definitely was happy when Coach Koetter got hired, that's what I was at his press conference. And I'm still happy about it. I think everyone is.”
Settle down
Aguay-o: Buccaneers kicker Roberto Aguayo, a surprise pick in the second round as an underclassman by general manager Jason Licht, has gotten off to a terrible start with a missed extra point in his first exhibition, two missed field goals in the second, and a practice so bad this week that fans heckled him. Aguayo, who had a stellar career at Florida State, is obviously going through a mental slump. While everybody's having fun piling on Aguayo and Licht, and there is the possibility that he never recovers (a la former Dodgers second baseman Steve Sax), the odds are Aguayo pulls himself out of this at some point. Like losing streaks, all it takes is one good game, or kick in this instance, and Aguayo can get back on track. But, boy, Licht has to be nervous.
Brady v. Belichick?: The New England region has been going nuts with conspiracy theories since quarterback Tom Brady missed an expected start against the Bears because of scissors incident, and then was excused from two-straight days of practice for personal reasons. Everyone wants to know if coach Bill Belichick and Brady are on the same page as the quarterback prepares for his four-game suspension, or is Brady throwing a hissy fit because Belichick is making the preparation for backup Jimmy Garoppolo a higher priority? My response: who cares? Even if Brady is pouting, he's done it before (Lawyer Milloy, Wes Welker, Logan Mankins) and he's gotten over it. It's not like it's going to cause a problem on the team. Brady's an unbelievable competitor and a sore loser when he doesn't get his way, but it's part of what makes him great. And Belichick is going to do exactly what he thinks he needs to do to prepare his team. If that means ticking off Brady, Belichick really doesn't care. And that's part of what makes him great. Belichick's in a tough spot. It would make sense to let Garoppolo play with the guys he's going to take the field with in Arizona. Do you then let Brady play with the scrubs? Or do you defer to Brady, start him and let Garoppolo make due with his reps? Belichick's going to do what he thinks is right. If Brady doesn't like it, who cares?
Go nuts
Same old, same old on domestic violence: The NFL had the Ray Rice incident blow up in its face in part because it appeared that the league took the word of a team, the Ravens, that had long-standing ties to the commissioner's office. In the wake of the Josh Brown reports, it appears the league has repeated its mistake when dealing with the Giants and the Maras, one of the league's standard-bearer franchises. “Violations of the Personal Conduct Policy regarding assault, battery, domestic violence and sexual assault that involve physical force will be subject to enhanced discipline. A first offense will be subject to a suspension of six weeks without pay,” was the policy rolled out by Roger Goodell post-Rice. Brown received one game because the NFL said it couldn't find more evidence (the same excuse used to serve Rice with his initial two-game suspension before video of the incident emerged). If you apply the NFL's “more probable than not” reasoning, there should have been grounds to hit Brown with a multiple-game suspension. But, no, the NFL again used subjective punishment. Was it because this was the Giants and not, say, the Saints? We'll never know because Goodell doesn't know what transparency means, and his track record is inconsistent at best, terrible at worst.
Chargers are being childish: In what might be the point of no return in the contract stalemate with third overall pick Joey Bosa, the Chargers released a statement that put the blame on Bosa and threatened to lower the offer. Then president of football operations John Spanos told the San Diego Union-Tribune that Bosa's contract stance is “absolutely asinine.” Oh, that's mature. Did former hard-line general manager A.J. Smith get rehired and no one said anything? The Chargers are being babies because they want to offset language in the contract, and defer a huge amount of his signing bonus to 2017. Draft picks that high almost always agree to one or the other. The Chargers want to have their cake and eat it too, and now they're throwing a hissy fit.
It's on:
This year's statehouse battles over new gun regulations could all return next year with a renewed debate.
House and Senate Republicans are poised to present a series of bills in the 2014 session that look to repeal or alter some of the gun-control legislation passed by Democrats and implemented into law over the summer.
Indeed, Republicans are competing with one another to sponsor the bills.
And though the files are not yet public, GOP leaders say several Republicans have submitted gun-focused bill titles.
The move would renew the gun debate in an election year and is fueled by the recent ouster of two Democratic state senators primarily for their support of gun laws. The legislature created universal background checks, charged a fee for the checks, added new restrictions for domestic abusers, required in-person training for conceal carry permits and limiting the capacity of ammunition magazines.
Image caption Some traumatised evacuees in Sloviansk get psychological help
Fighting has intensified in eastern Ukraine, with the pro-Russian rebels bombarding the government-held town of Debaltseve, a key transport hub.
Civilians have fled from there and other war-ravaged areas north of Donetsk to government-held Sloviansk. A BBC Ukrainian Service reporter met some of the displaced people, traumatised by their ordeal.
"I'm 70 years old - and I'm being sent to the Young Pioneers' camp? I won't go!" exclaims a woman by a bus near Sloviansk railway station.
Avdiivka and Debaltseve residents have been brought to the town to be resettled. Sloviansk lies 111km (69 miles) north of rebel-held Donetsk.
There are two buses, and no seats left. So rescuers quickly copy down passport details and offer a choice: you can go by train to the capital Kiev, or Kharkiv or anywhere else controlled by the Kiev government.
Most of the refugees are pensioners; most have no relatives. Only a few agree to go to Kiev, some decide to go to Kharkiv or Dnipropetrovsk. The rest do not want to leave the region.
Sloviansk is just a transit point, there is no room for refugees here. The town's population has increased by 30% since last July, the city council says.
Image caption Buses bring evacuees to Sloviansk - but many others in the conflict zone do not want to leave home
Grim journey
Buses arriving from the combat zone carry "non-scheduled operations" signs. The drivers are reluctant to talk about the hazardous journey.
Most refugees are not very talkative either. They say they have been on the road for a long time, more than four hours; they made stops, waiting for a lull in the shelling.
Most refugees are convinced they are leaving their homes temporarily, for a month at most. So they do not want to go far from home.
Image caption Evacuees in Sloviansk have to move on as there is no space left in the town
Natalia is from Avdiivka, 20km north of Donetsk. "There has been no transport connection with Avdiivka for the last 10 days," she says.
"People are afraid to drive their own cars, and they are not allowed to."
With her parents and husband she is travelling on to Russia by train, to stay with relatives.
"There is no light, water, communications in our town. The shops are running out of everything. Bread is brought in once a week, and it's immediately gone. Prices have risen. A plain loaf of bread cost 5.5 hryvnya (£0.23; $0.34) earlier, and now it's 7.5," Natalia said.
Svitlana, also from Avdiivka, said the local industrial coke plant was still working. "Workers sleep and live there, at the plant - it has shelters. Going back home is dangerous. People try to avoid the streets."
Food shortages
Natalia Zolotaryova, a volunteer, provides psychological help for the displaced in Sloviansk.
"People have different problems. Women of retirement age suffer from high blood pressure. Some people's houses, apartments were destroyed.
"Debaltseve ran out of bread for several days. There's been no water for a long time: people couldn't wash for a month. Some are in shock. I ask: 'Where are you now?' They say, 'I don't know'. I begin to orient them, hold their hands till they come round. It's mainly elderly people, very few with kids," Ms Zolotaryova said.
Across eastern Ukraine about 1.5 million people have been displaced by the fighting, about one-third of whom have gone to Russia.
A desperate woman in Debaltseve spoke to Ukraine's Hromadske TV channel, after her flat had been hit by shelling.
"There's just nowhere else to go. We have two children and couldn't evacuate them. We're the last ones left," she said, as more shells could be heard exploding in the background.
"We still have work here. Please, agree to any possible peace offer. We can't live like this anymore! Debaltseve has been surrounded for six months: we don't have electricity, gas or water. Please, people out there, help us!"
Where to go?
A large tent stands near Sloviansk railway station, providing some shelter from the bitter cold.
A woman called Olena, with a teenage girl, looks inside: it's empty and she is disappointed they cannot stay there.
"We lived in Yasynuvata [on the outskirts of Donetsk]. Our apartment was destroyed: the shell hit just above. We were on the fifth floor - there is no roof," Olena says.
"We moved to my mother-in-law's in Yasynuvata district. And now there's shelling there too, we can't live there. We've been living in Sloviansk for a week, with our relatives.
"A hostel room costs 500-600 hryvnya, and I have a three-month-old son. How can we live in a hostel?"
Refugees who do not want to travel by train are eventually offered shelter in nearby Svyatohirsk, but it is getting crowded there too. And nobody knows how many more will arrive.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ukrainian troops in Avdiivka distributed some much-needed aid at the weekend
Netflix is adding a new sketch comedy series to its slate. Netflix Presents: The Characters features eight up-and-coming comedians who get the opportunity to create their own 30-minute episodes and do whatever they want. No rules. No limits. Each comedian writes and appears in his/her episode, presenting a series of sketches that veer from The Bachelor parodies to music videos to biblical spoofs — all in the name of outlaw comedy.
The Characters feature Lauren Lapkus (Orange Is The New Black), Kate Berlant (The Meltdown), Dr. Brown (Dr. Brown), Paul W. Downs (Broad City), John Early (Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp), Tim Robinson (Saturday Night Live), Natasha Rothwell (SNL writer) and Henry Zebrowski (Heroes Reborn).
SNL's Cecily Strong and Bobby Moynihan, Tyson Beckford and Broad City's Abbi Jacobson also will appear in cameos. The Characters premiere March 11 on the streaming service. Check out the trailer above.
Mick LaSalle, film critic, San Francisco Chronicle
While Luise Rainer's performance in The Good Earth was perfectly adequate, the Academy's 1938 choice of that over Greta Garbo's stunning work in Camille really does stink in the nose of history. The fact that Rainer was European and made up to look Chinese only makes it worse.
Anne Helen Petersen, author, Scandals of Classic Hollywood (May 2014)
Never recognizing Marilyn Monroe, for anything, ever. Her image was that of a vapid ditz, but Gentlemen Prefer Blondes and Some Like It Hot showcase the sort of nuanced, charismatic performance whose chief attribute is its own effacement. And just imagine what industry validation could've done for Monroe's confidence.
Tim Grierson, vice president, Los Angeles Film Critics Association
Crash's Best Picture win in 2006. On the same night that the maverick director Robert Altman was awarded an honorary Oscar for his influential career crafting intelligent, challenging ensemble films, the Academy gave its top prize to a movie that was a pale knockoff of Altman's finest work. Crash is little more than a simplistic, manipulative multicharacter portrait of racism in Los Angeles that flatters its audience's enlightened views.
Mark Lisanti, writer, Grantland
It's still hard to believe that Crash won Best Picture. Even if its intentions were noble, it's an almost absurdly bad movie. The subtlest thing that happens is a snowstorm in Los Angeles.
Christopher Orr, senior editor, The Atlantic
Granting Kate Winslet a Best Actress Oscar for The Reader in 2009, when she gave a far better performance in a far better film the same year (Revolutionary Road). If that weren't enough, she herself had mercilessly mocked the Academy's fetish for over-awarding Holocaust movies just four years earlier on the comedy show Extras.
Willie Geist, co-host, NBC's Today show and MSNBC's Morning Joe
With all due respect to Kevin Costner, and to all those who dance with wolves, Dances With Wolves had no business beating Goodfellas for Best Picture in 1991. Dances With Wolves is a big, beautiful film, but it would have been a little better if it had Joe Pesci asking Costner, “I'm funny how? Funny like I'm a clown? ... I'm here to amuse you?”
Tasha Robinson, film critic, The Dissolve and The A.V. Club
Making jokes about the Oscar ceremony's length into an annual host tradition. The digs date back at least to Johnny Carson in the 1970s; by this point, they're tired, rote, and hypocritical. And who benefits from a joke that amounts to “We're doing a terrible job of managing our own presentation, like we always do”?
Chris Nashawaty, film critic, Entertainment Weekly
The fact that Alfred Hitchcock, hands down the greatest filmmaker who ever lived, never won for Best Director. Although he was nominated five times (for Rebecca, Lifeboat, Spellbound, Rear Window, and Psycho), the Master of Suspense always slunk off sans statuette.
First Take has reportedly landed a new co-host and the news comes from an unlikely source.
Fox Sports' Colin Cowherd was doing a Periscope broadcast on Monday, where he started to talk about SportsNation, which he co-hosted from 2009-2012. Cowherd nonchalantly said SportsNations Max Kellerman will replace Skip Bayless on First Take and that the deal was pretty much completed.
“Thoughts on SportsNation. Michelle Beadle's a friend, Max Kellerman is leaving that show, he's going to be on First Take.” “It's a done deal,” Cowherd told someone off-camera, “well pretty much, yeah.”
Cowherd said the change was going to upset Beadle and that she was “pissed off.”
“Beadle likes Kellerman, that's not going to play well for Beadle, she'll be upset. “
Cowherd also claims that Kellerman and ESPN were $100,000 apart in negotiations for the deal.
The information might seem bizarre coming from a personality at ESPN's direct competitor, but considering Cowherd used to host SportsNation alongside Beadle, I'm betting the information is legit. It's interesting how he knows about contract negotiations, however. You'd think that would come from Kellerman himself or someone close to First Take. Perhaps Skip Bayless? Although, I'm not sure why he'd be privy to those details.
As for Cowherd's comments that Beadle's upset with Kellerman's potential departure, I wouldn't blame her. She's worked with Kellerman since 2014 and I'm sure they've become close colleagues. You never want to see someone you like to leave your work, and with Beadle, it's probably no different.
Kellerman was “the first choice” among candidates for the job according to The Big Lead in mid-June, so ESPN seems to have made up their mind that he's the man to replace Bayless. That's no small task – but it's definitely an improvement and should signal a change (even a small one) in the dynamics of First Take. Time will tell if anybody is actually upset with Kellerman's departure, and if ESPN decides to replace him or just roll with a two person SportsNation with Beadle and Marcellus Wiley.
You can see Cowherd's comments at about the 9:20 point in the video below.
[H/T The Big Lead]
There aren't many great Vietnam wargames. Vietnam itself is not an easy war to simulate, no more so than it was an easy war to fight. To make a traditional wargame about Vietnam is to miss the point of a deeply unconventional war. But wargames, and games in general tend to be hopeless when it comes to modeling the less quantifiable work of persuasion and reassurance.
But Vietnam ‘65, the recent $10 wargame from developer Every Single Soldier, arrives to provide one of the first (maybe the first) PC wargame that does justice to the Vietnam War on a strategic level. It is a game of politics, heart and minds, and body-counts.
Vietnam ‘65 is about the tensions at the heart of the American war effort in Vietnam. Your overall objective is to retain control of the “hearts and minds” of the rural population of Vietnam's Ia Drang valley (as represented by a randomly-generated map).
This is not something you achieve via combat. Instead, you reassure the villages that dot the landscape by sending infantry units to visit them regularly. Vietnam ‘65 shows this by having the villages light signal fires to show that they can be visited to increase their “hearts and minds” score. If you make your rounds regularly, you'll slowly win the adherence of the Vietnamese people and Communism will be defeated.
But the Communists are also running around to villages trying to undermine their support for you, as well as seed the countryside with ambush-positions and minefields. You can't see them most of the time, but they're moving invisibly around the map via the Ho Chi Minh trail (the infiltration network that the Communist government in North Vietnam used to support the Viet Cong insurgency in the South).
Once you can see the Communist forces, you can usually kill them. American artillery batteries, gunships, airstrikes, and even their infantry will usually smoke any Communist forces that come within range. But there are never enough troops and guns to go around, because every little thing you do in Vietnam ‘65 costs you political points, appropriately represented by an icon of the Capitol in Washington. And the more units you request to bolster your forces, the greater the cost of each successive reinforcement. Washington wants you to fight the war, but with the minimum possible commitment.
You can gain more political points by destroying the enemy: the Viet Cong guerillas and the North Vietnamese Army that aids them. This is not that far from the truth of the American war effort prior to 1969: decision makers in Washington were obsessed with quantifiable results. The wanted dead communists, a lot of dead communists, in order to reassure themselves that they were winning the war. But at the same time, they were enormously sensitive to losses of American forces.
So here is where Vietnam ‘65 becomes truly devilish, and a hell of a good wargame. You're fighting a guerrilla force who generally won't expose themselves to your guns unless the odds are on their side. So in order to rack up the political capital you need to wage war with all the tools of the American arsenal, you have to send small detachments into the lion's den to bait the Communist forces, and then hope you can kill them all before you get overrun.
Again, we encounter a contradiction of America's war in Vietnam. Your soldiers are a precious resource who cannot be lost lest Washington lose faith in the war effort. But then, your soldiers are also baited.
Red Country
That's the strategic picture of Vietnam ‘65, but it's also a wargame about the air cavalry. It's about far-flung outposts in hostile country, tenuously supplied and supported by air. It's about squadrons of green Hueys criss-crossing the skies above the jungle, dropping infantry at a moment's notice near a Vietnamese village, then taking off and dodging rocket fire on their way out. It's about fighting a dangerous, bloody war alongside an armed community-outreach program.
If you simply try to “clear-and-hold” in Vietnam ‘65, you'll discover that the countryside gets overrun with Communist troops. A hostile countryside becomes a gauntlet for your helicopters, which means your air-mobile tactics become impossibly risky. Once your birds can't fly safely, you can't visit those outlying villages, you can't rescue besieged bases, and you can't resupply long-range recon units. So you have to retard the progress of the insurgency via direct combat.
These are complex dynamics that drove the course of the Vietnam War for a number of years, and what's striking about Vietnam ‘65 is that not only does it make them simple to understand, but also quite a lot of fun to play.
There is the simple mechanical challenge of conducting combat operations: there are always some units out in the field, steadily running out of supplies and requiring either resupply by air or, if they've been hit, a medevac back to base. No sooner have you secured one village than you need to send a detachment to a different one. Parts of the countryside are turning dangerous and you need to go clear them out… but you also need to send engineers into the jungle to construct new outposts and clear landing sites that you can use as waystations in your war effort. It's a tricky juggling act and, as casualties mount and more insurgent forces pour onto the map, the delicate schedule of airlift, resupply, and reconnaissance begin to break down.
This is the end
In a good way, I found myself wishing that Vietnam ‘65 were longer. There is only one scenario that runs for 45 turns, which is easy enough to do in an hour-long session. I've played the scenario several times now and usually have a pretty close game, though I'm starting to figure out the tricks the really running the table on the Viet Cong and their northern allies. It's also a fact of life that the game often ends just as things are getting truly dramatic, with NVA armor and artillery bases besieging US outposts, and US gunships and artillery executing fire missions as fast as they can be called-in. Sometimes I was left wanting a slightly longer war.
But Vietnam ‘65 is really closer to great board game design than traditional PC wargame design. It's a single scenario that operates according to very special rules. But it holds up under repeated play. I do feel like it has its limitations, even on Veteran difficulty, because there are places you can start to exploit the system. A couple Green Beret recon units walking around the jungle can usually find juicy targets every turn or so, and at this point I essentially harvest Viet Cong units for points, and that begins to make things run a little too smoothly and predictably for a game about Vietnam.
A small but nettlesome problem is the game's dual-identity as a tablet and PC wargame. The interface likely makes a great deal of sense on a tablet, but it effectively wastes the right mouse button, and the radial command menu will get in the way of parts of the map you want to see. Even after many hours with the game, I'm having a few too many mis-clicks in each game.
Still, how many games about Vietnam have even come close to doing the subject justice? Hell, how many games make the act of loading and unloading troops transports into something fun? On PC, I can't name a single recent game that's attacked this subject, and achieved its objectives so well.
8/10
Crying 2yo thrown onto road by man: police
Updated
An Alice Springs man has been remanded in custody after being charged with assaulting a two-year-old girl.
The 24-year-old is accused of throwing his stepdaughter into the air and letting her fall onto a road in an Alice Springs town camp on Monday night.
Police say he then picked the girl up by her wrists and threw her in a stroller.
When she fell out of the pram because she was unconscious, he threw her in again, police allege.
The girl is in a stable condition in the Alice Springs Hospital.
The man is charged with recklessly endangering the child and causing serious harm.
He did not apply for bail today and will face the Alice Springs Magistrates Court again next month.
Topics: assault, alice-springs-0870, australia, nt
First posted
class=”alignleft size-thumbnail wp-image-20564″ title=”Tron Legacy” src=”https://www.heyuguys.com/images/2010/05/tron_legacy_80-220×150.jpg” alt=”” width=”220″ height=”150″ />It's been a few weeks since we heard anything from Tron Legacy, I think that's mainly because of all the Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time fever that's going around at the moment. But put all that aside for the moment as Disney have another HUGE movie coming out at the end of the year in the form of Tron Legacy, the sequel to the highly popular movie, Tron which was released way back in 1982 (I was 2!).
If you haven't seen the trailer for the movie which is directed by Joseph Kosinski and stars Jeff Bridges, Garrett Hedlund, Olivia Wilde, Bruce Boxleitner, James Frain, Beau Garrett and Michael Sheen, then click here before you do anything else and view it. Then, once viewed, come back here and check out these awesome new images (courtesy of Filmofilia) from the movie which I have a feeling could be epic!
I now know what I'm going to be wearing to my next movie fancy dress party!! Click the images to enlarge.
What do you guys think of these new images?
Click them to enlarge.
A ZIMBABWEAN WOMAN has been found guilty of manslaughter for stabbing her boyfriend during a drunken row.
Norma Phillips (46), with an address on the Phibsboro Road, Phibsboro, Dublin 7 had pleaded not guilty to the murder of 36-year-old Romanian national Stefan Neanu at her former home in Phibsboro on 12 April 2015.
The jury of seven women and four men took seven hours to come to a unanimous verdict of not guilty of murder, guilty of manslaughter. The jury had been told by Justice Margaret Heneghan that if they believed she acted in self defence during the row with Neanu, but that she used more force than was reasonably necessary, they should return a manslaughter verdict.
Following the verdict Justice Heneghan thanked the jury and excused them from further service for ten years.
Detective Garda Martin McInerney objected to bail saying that Phillips had been convicted of a serious crime, but he accepted that she had met all her bail conditions to date.
Justice Heneghan granted Phillips continuing bail until a sentencing hearing on 13 February. Prosecuting counsel Denis Vaughan Buckley said that the victim's family would make a statement on that date.
During four days of evidence, the jury heard that Phillips called the emergency services that Saturday night saying there had been a stabbing and repeating several times “someone stabbed him”.
‘No guards, just ambulance'
When ambulance, fire brigade and gardaí arrived, she told them that a man had run into her home stabbed Neanu and then run off. At first she was reluctant to allow gardaí to enter, telling them: “no guards, just ambulance”.
At Mountjoy garda station, when she was told Neanu had died, Phillips changed her story. She gave a voluntary statement saying that Neanu pulled a knife on her and she thought he was going to harm her.
They had been drinking and an argument broke out but she could not remember what they argued about. As he waved the knife at her, she said she pushed his hand away in self defence, turning the blade towards him and causing the fatal wound.
State Pathologist Professor Marie Cassidy said the wound, a single stab wound to the heart, could have been caused in the way Phillips described, adding that Mr Neanu would have to have held a “firm” grip on the knife as it was pushed with “some moderate force” into his chest.
After hearing all the evidence, Justice Heneghan told the jury that the accused's claim of self defence meant there were three possible verdicts available to them.
They could find her guilty of murder if the prosecution proved beyond reasonable doubt that she was not acting in self defence and that she intended to kill or cause serious injury to Neanu.
The manslaughter verdict could be reached if they believed she was acting in self defence, but the force she used was not reasonable in the circumstances.
She said they should bring a verdict of not guilty if she acted in self defence and used reasonable force.
Following the verdict, Phillips sighed and shed some tears before leaving the court. She will return for sentencing on 13 February.
ExxonMobil must allow shareholders to vote on at least two prominent resolutions on climate change, the Securities and Exchange Commission ruled.
One measure calls on Exxon to take moral responsibility for climate change and adopt a policy to limit average global temperature increases. A second would compel the oil giant to explain how its business would be affected by the worldwide commitment to slowing climate change. They are among seven resolutions on global warming proposed for Exxon's May 25 annual meeting.
"The SEC has rejected Exxon's attempt to silence investors' concerns about growing financial risks associated with climate change trends, including escalating global demand for low-carbon energy," said Shanna Cleveland, a senior manager at Ceres, a Boston nonprofit that coordinates action on issues important to many of the nation's largest institutional investors.
Separately, the Rockefeller Family Fund said it will divest its holdings in Exxon, calling the company's behavior on climate change "morally reprehensible."
Activist stockholders are demanding more transparency about how much Exxon spends on organizations dedicated to obfuscating climate science and opposing emission regulations to slow climate change. They want Exxon to pledge to comply with measures to hold global warming under the 2-degree Celsius limit set by the Paris climate accord, and they want the company to add climate-conscious board members.
The SEC issued a similar ruling that Chevron must allow a shareholder vote on a proposal requiring an analysis of the business implications of climate regulation, according to the Houston Chronicle.
The seven resolutions for this year's Exxon meeting continue a 25-year campaign by activist shareholders to get Exxon to confront the threat of climate change. Investor groups have fought to have the company invest in renewable energy, cut harmful emissions and perform carbon risk assessments. Exxon has regularly rejected shareholder requests, and no climate change resolution has been adopted. As with many publicly traded companies, Exxon's management often asks the SEC to rule on whether it must submit resolutions for a shareholder vote.
Exxon declined to comment on the SEC rulings.
The SEC shot down Exxon's attempt to block the shareholder resolution calling for the company to assert moral leadership on climate change and pledge to work toward limiting global warming to 2 degrees Celsius or less. It is sponsored by 34 shareholder groups under the umbrella of the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility.
"For the first time ExxonMobil shareholders will grapple with the moral and justice implications of climate change, as related to the company's business," said Susana McDermott, director of communications for the Interfaith Center, in a statement.
Exxon tried to persuade the SEC that the resolution was "vague and indefinite." The company also said it had already taken steps to address global warming.
The SEC ruled that the company failed to make a persuasive argument that there was no need for shareholders to have a voice on how the company addresses climate change.
"Based on the information you have presented, it appears that the company's policies, practices and procedures do not compare favorably with the guidelines of the proposal and that ExxonMobil has not, therefore, substantially implemented the proposal," the SEC said in its letter to Exxon.
That indicates regulators see a disconnect between what the resolution seeks and what Exxon says it has already done, said Mary Beth Gallagher, associate director of the Tri-State Coalition for Responsible Investment, one of the organizations representing shareholders.
"This puts before the membership the question of Exxon's operation and their strategies and the impact of what they do to society," Gallagher said. "It is a threshold moment to consider the company's role in society."
In the case of the proposal requiring an analysis of how the Paris climate accord will affect Exxon's business, the company argued that the resolution was too vague and that the company had already sufficiently answered the question. The resolution was introduced in December by the New York State comptroller along with the Church of England's investment fund, the Vermont State Employees' Retirement System, the University of California Retirement Plan and the Brainerd Foundation.
Exxon told the SEC that strict emission limits to hold global warming to less than 2 degrees Celsius are unlikely, although world governments agreed to such a goal in last year's Paris climate accord. The SEC rejected Exxon's position and ruled that the proposal should go before the annual meeting.
"Based on the information you have presented, it does not appear that Exxon Mobil's public disclosures compare favorably with the guidelines of the proposal," said Justin A. Kisner, an attorney-adviser at the SEC, in a letter to Exxon.
The company fought the resolution because it did not want to confront the truth about how extensive the impact would be on its business, said Cleveland, the Ceres manager.
"What we think would be revealed if Exxon were to conduct this assessment is that a large number of projects it has in the pipeline would not be economically viable," she said.
Cleveland cited the difference between projections in Exxon's 2016 Energy Outlook report and calculations by the International Energy Agency on the demand for oil in 2040.
The IEA, an international organization that provides energy assessments, found that under a 2-degree scenario global demand for oil would be 74 million barrels a day in 2040, while Exxon calculated demand at 105 million barrels a day, she said.
"This is a major victory for investors who are working to address the risks that global warming presents to our portfolios," said New York Comptroller Thomas P. DiNapoli in a statement. "The Securities and Exchange Commission's determination upholds shareholders' rights to ask for vital information. Investors need to know if ExxonMobil is taking necessary steps to prepare for a lower carbon future, particularly now in the wake of the Paris agreement."
Calling Exxon's historical conduct on climate change "morally reprehensible," the Rockefeller Family Fund said it would divest its Exxon holdings as quickly as possible. The 49-year-old philanthropy was founded by descendants of 19th century oil tycoon John D. Rockefeller. He built the family's fortune as a co-founder of Standard Oil, a predecessor of ExxonMobil.
"Evidence appears to suggest that the company worked since the 1980s to confuse the public about climate change's march, while simultaneously spending millions to fortify its own infrastructure against climate change's destructive consequences," the Rockefeller fund said in a statement. The charity said it would also divest from coal and tar sands.
"While the global community works to eliminate the use of fossil fuels, it makes little sense—financially or ethically—to continue holding investments in these companies," the fund said.
Exxon said the decision came as no surprise because the Rockefeller charity was "already funding a conspiracy against us," according to a statement attributed to company spokesman Alan Jeffers. He said the Rockefeller Family Fund provided financial support to InsideClimate News and Columbia University, which he said "produced inaccurate and deliberately misleading stories" about the company's climate research.
InsideClimate News, which received a $25,000 grant from the fund in July of last year, published an investigative series of stories regarding Exxon's early research into climate change. The Los Angeles Times later published stories based on reporting by Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism addressing Exxon's climate change history. The grant to ICN was for general operating support and represented less than 2 percent of ICN's budget, and it came seven months after the Exxon investigation began.
Rockefeller Family Fund Director Lee Wasserman said the charity supports public interest journalism, including InsideClimate News, but keeps at arm's length from the work being done.
"We first learned about it when everybody else read about it," Wasserman said. "The information that was unearthed was stunning and struck us as beyond the pale of what a corporation interested in protecting the public interest would do. ... As a matter of good governance, we felt it imperative to sever our tie with the corporation."
A Columbia spokeswoman declined to comment but referred to a statement by Steve Coll, dean of Columbia's Graduate School of Journalism, that disputed earlier allegations by Exxon of inaccuracy. The fund made grants to the Columbia program totaling $275,000 through 2014, according to Wasserman.
Because Exxon has not asked ICN to make any corrections, it's difficult to know precisely what the company finds misleading or inaccurate in its award-winning investigative series, said David Sassoon, publisher of InsideClimate News.
"They also seem to have a fundamental misunderstanding of independent nonprofit journalism, which is producing some of the most important work safeguarding the public interest," Sassoon said. "They call it a conspiracy, when in fact it's called the First Amendment, a pillar of our democracy."
Christine Michael has deservedly started getting some attention after two eye-opening padded practices. I see a player that could eventually out-produce Marshawn Lynch if the offensive line stays together. He has more big play potential, and has a better ability to attack the edge and the interior. Nobody can replace the presence and heart Lynch brings to the offense, and the team. The effusive praise has led some to ask whether Michael could overtake Robert Turbin in the depth chart. The answer is both yes and no.
Teams are increasingly using running backs in different ways almost akin to the way a flanker is different than a slot receiver or a split end. Most fans are familiar with the short yardage back like a Mike Alstott, or the change-of-pace back (Kendall Hunter vs Frank Gore), or even the third-down back (Kevin Faulk) that can pick up a blitz and make a catch out of the back-field. We call them all running backs, but only a select few are capable of being a classic every-down running back that handles 20+ carries per game. Lynch is clearly one of them. Michael will become one of them. The jury is out on whether that is Turbin's future.
Turbin had an uneven rookie year that provided precious few chances to make his mark. He had some devastating blocks, including a memorable one on DeMarcus Ware against Dallas, and some inspiring runs like in the second half at St. Louis. His low point was the drop of a potential touchdown on a wheel route in San Francisco that was somewhat redeemed by almost the same play against Atlanta that he caught and helped the comeback keep rolling. He is smart, competitive, strong and fast. There is evidence that he is an above average receiver out of the back-field. What we do not know is how good his vision is to find open lanes, and how adept of an inside/outside runner he is.
His performance last season, and commitment to the off-season, means he deserves first crack at the lion's share of the snaps after Lynch. Not to say there are many snaps left with Lynch as the top dog. Turbin's early injury in camp opens the door for some competition, but his status should be safe if he can get back and play well within the next week or two. He may end up as second on the running backs depth chart, called on to take some third down snaps and spell Lynch, but that does not mean he is the second best back on the team.
In fact, should Lynch ever miss more than a game or two, the guess here is that Michael would leapfrog Turbin into the starting role. There is much left to learn about Turbin, and of course about Michael, but it is already becoming clear that Michael's ceiling is considerably higher. The guy Michael most reminds me of is Darren McFadden. He does not have the same speed as McFadden, but appears more durable and capable of breaking tackles. His signature move will be a spin in the open field. It shows up on tape at Texas A&M, and has shown up from day one of camp. Nobody outside of Earl Campbell breaks tackles like Lynch does, but Michael runs with a determination that will result in plenty of yards after contact.
The absolute wild card in all this is Spencer Ware. He is a guy who is making his own positive impression with one bruising run after another between the tackles. This was a player who was a running back in college that the Seahawks drafted with the idea of converting to fullback. It is not clear whether they have abandoned that experiment, or been forced to delay it with Turbin's injury, but the undeniable result is that Ware is going to be an NFL running back for someone. He does not show the same diversity of skill that a guy like Michael does, and would seem to be more of a third-down back that could threaten inside run on short yardage, block willingly on passes, or be a good receiver out of the back-field.
If Ware earns a roster spot as a running back, but not as a fullback, it is anyone's guess who loses their seat. He is making it tough on the front office. That is for sure. Plenty of camp remains to let things settle. Michael Robinson could be the starting fullback or off the roster. There is a remote chance that Turbin could find himself in another uniform. It just depends on what roles the coaching staff wants to fill at that position, and how many roster spots they want to dedicate to it.
A betting man would be wise to wager on Lynch, Turbin, Michael and Robinson making the team, and Turbin getting back-up carries (5-10/game), with Michael getting the rest (3-5/game). Turbin, however, will need to come back with a vengeance to recapture the imagination of the front office and coaches. He is on track to always be a bridesmaid, and never a bride, while Michael is getting sized for a ring.
It was as shocking as it was predictable after a year of slow-motion buildup — the dramatic splitting apart of the Grand Old Party in the 72 hours after Donald Trump became its presumptive nominee.
Asked on Friday whether the organization he now leads is officially Trump's party, Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus responded with pithy double-speak befitting this dystopian moment in our politics.
Story Continued Below
“It's the party's party,” Priebus said.
Whatever party Priebus was speaking of is currently in tatters.
There is no more denying that Trump will be the Republican Party's presidential nominee. But there is still plenty of denial when it comes to accepting the more fundamental issue at hand: that the fractious coalition of conservatives that we used to know as the Republican Party is, after a decade of fraying ties between the Washington establishment and its base, is now composed of two separate coalitions.
There are those mainstream conservatives still tethered to the party's ideological history of limited government, free trade and hawkish foreign policy; and there is the conservative base that is increasingly resentful of elites of all stripes, voters unmoored from ideology and drawn to Trump's charisma, fearlessness and brand of populist, angry neo-nationalism.
And there is no longer any use pretending these two factions want anything to do with one another.
The two sides are now awash in recriminations and threats. #NeverTrumpRepublicans are vowing to blacklist lawmakers and consultants who align themselves with the presumptive nominee. Meanwhile, Trump surrogate Sarah Palin, whose turn as John McCain's 2008 running mate foreshadowed the anti-establishment revolution, predicted Sunday morning that House Speaker Paul Ryan and any other lawmakers who refuse to back the people's favorite will "be Cantored," a reference to former House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, who was shockingly ousted from office in a 2014 primary upset by grass-roots activists angered over his betrayals, an openness to immigration reform and coziness with Wall Street.
Three days after Trump effectively locked up the nomination, the so-called “unity pledge” Priebus got all the presidential candidates to sign last fall, a promise to support the party's nominee, has been shredded. Jeb Bush and Lindsey Graham on Friday each made it clear they will not be following through on that pledge, each explaining why they cannot support Trump.
“Donald Trump has not demonstrated that temperament or strength of character,” Bush wrote in a Facebook post Friday. “He has not displayed a respect for the Constitution. And, he is not a consistent conservative. These are all reasons why I cannot support his candidacy.”
Bush, of course, said the same things about Trump during his own campaign. It was easier then to sidestep the question of whether he'd support Trump should the New Yorker win the nomination simply by insisting, in the face of mounting evidence to the contrary, that Trump was never going to be the party's nominee. But there is nothing hypothetical about the question anymore.
Those months of insistence that Trump wouldn't — couldn't! — win the nomination of William F. Buckley's party laid bare a refusal by Bush and the patrician GOP establishment, its mostly coastal world of donors and intellectuals, to recognize that the conservative base is no longer tethered to the lofty ideas about trickle-down economics their leaders might yammer about on weekends at the country club.
Unlike the Bushes, House Speaker Paul Ryan cannot simply walk away. The GOP's most prominent and powerful elected official, Ryan is regarded as one of the party's foremost intellectuals. So perhaps it was no surprise that on Thursday he popped up on CNN to explain why he, too, isn't ready to support Trump.
“I'm not there right now,” Ryan told CNN's Jake Tapper, adding that he hopes to come around once Trump answers his questions and demonstrates an ability to unify the party.
Ryan's statement is as much a reflection of his deeply held conservative convictions as it is his unique political predicament. The speaker, always wary of offending his party's base and maintaining his fragile coalition of House Republicans, wanted to appear open to supporting Trump — eager to support him, in fact — as soon as the businessman can unify the party and show a commitment to the conservative ideas that, in the minds of Ryan and the party's intellectual class, have long held the GOP together.
But if that's the requirement, Ryan will likely never support Trump — because Trump appears uninterested in uniting what are now two separate parties and to be indifferent to the policy ideas Ryan holds dear.
Ryan will be able to maintain his distance over the next six months and provide some cover for vulnerable House members for whom Trump could be a liability.
But Ryan has seen the swell of popular support around Trump, who is indifferent to the party establishment's deeply held orthodoxies on foreign policy and fiscal conservatism. He's seen how Trump's most nativist, inflammatory rhetoric on immigration and trade resonates with millions of disaffected voters who are uninterested in self-serving party “autopsy” reports written by GOP officials. And in the past four days, he's seen a number of House members criticize him for refusing to help unite the party as they've declared their own support for the GOP nominee.
Ryan said Thursday that Trump must “get on board” with the party's traditional platform. Priebus said the businessman must “change his tone.” But they have little leverage other than to withhold their support. The primary results only validate Trump — his willingness to flout convention and political correctness is a huge part of his appeal. The onus is on the party establishment — not the other way around — to either embrace Trump or walk away.
“Reince is trying to be nice right now,” one GOP state chairman, who requested anonymity to speak candidly, said last week. “But after the convention, I doubt he mentions Trump at all. The focus is going to be almost completely down-ballot on saving the Senate and the House.”
There is no ignoring it any longer. The Trump Train has already rolled over the traditional Republican coalition. It is up to Ryan, Priebus and the Bushes whether they will get on board, but there is little they can do at the moment to slow it down.
And whatever dreams Ryan has of unifying this broken coalition in 2020, dreams also held by Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and several others, are likely again to run up against the reality that even if Trump is halted this fall, Trumpism and the anti-establishment forces that he has so successfully harnessed, forces that have been roiling the conservative base for a decade now, outnumber and outmuscle the party's traditional leadership class and will still have to be reckoned with.
The McGill Book Fair, held each autumn in Redpath Hall, offers buyers tens of thousands of used books, French and English, in categories ranging from architecture to zoology. In addition to volumes old and new, the Book Fair also offers vinyl, CDs, DVDs, and sheet music. One room is devoted exclusively to art and architecture; another to old and rare volumes and nostalgia.
Everything we sell is donated. We accept all material in good condition, but no encyclopedias, National Geographic or other magazines, dated computer manuals and textbooks, or discarded library books. Good condition means books are clean, have no underlining or highlighting, and are not missing covers or pages.
The Book Fair is organized and run by volunteers. All proceeds from the Fair provide scholarships and bursaries for McGill students.
McGill has partnered with Renaissance. This not-for-profit organization collects books that we are not able to use for our fair; we value this opportunity to recycle.
Book Fair activities are suspended between December and April each year. Donations will be accepted at Redpath Hall every Tuesday and Thursday from 8:00 am to 2:00 pm, starting on April 9, 2019.
NOTE: Access to campus by car is allowed prior to 11am through the Milton Street gates on University Avenue.
Please contact one of the coordinators to arrange for on-campus delivery outside open hours. You may also leave donations at one of our depots (special depot day is April 9), but please call ahead before delivering. Last day for donations is September 19, 2019.
DEPOTS: Please email or call ahead before delivering!
ST. LAURENT: Doriana Bisegna 514-378-3888
SOUTH SHORE: Susan Woodruff 450-671-9897
NDG/ WESTMOUNT: Suzy Slavin 514-484-4705
MONTREAL/SOUTH WEST: Allison Haggarty 514-766-7300
HUDSON: Kathy Gray-Donald & Bob Gales 450-458-0854
Book Fair 2019:
Tuesday, October 22: 1:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.
Wednesday, October 23: 10:00 a.m. to 8:00 p.m.
Thursday, October 24: 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.
Location:
Redpath Hall (east side of McTavish Street, one block north of Sherbrooke)
view map here
Coordinators:
Anne Williams 514-487-7638
Susan Woodruff 450-671-9897
To reach the book fair during donation hours, please call 514 398-8105 during open hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
Other ways to reach us:
bookfair.alumni [at] mcgill.ca (Email) - Facebook
The city of Portland, OR will empty a 38-million gallon reservoir after a teenager allegedly urinated in it, according to the Associated Press. It's the second time in three years that Portland is flushing its Mount Tabor reservoir after a urine-related incident.
The reservoir is open-air and sits exposed to all nature, leading many parties to question how necessary a draining would be, or how polluted 38 million gallons of water can really be by a single man's urine.
David Shaff, Portland's water bureau administrator, reserves a special disgust specifically for human urine. In 2011, when Shaff drained the reservoir following a urination, he reasoned to the Portland Mercury, "Do you want to be drinking someone's pee?… There's probably no regulation that says I have to be doing it but, again, who wants to be drinking pee?" This time around, Shaff wrote in a statement, "Our customers have an expectation that their water is not deliberately contaminated."
A half-liter of urine dumped in a 143 million-liter reservoir would get a urea concentration of about 3 parts per billion, according to Slate. (We calculated it would be a 50 nanoMolar solution.) Meanwhile, the EPA allows concentrations of arsenic in drinking water up to 10 ppb. Salt water has a salt concentration of around 35,000,000 parts per billion, or 600 milliMolar.
In an interview with Vocativ, the teenager in question, Dallas Swonger, denied urinating in the reservoir at all, stating he actually hit a wall instead. "I leaned up against the wall and pissed on it," Swonger said. Swonger also contested the cleanliness of the reservoir prior to his actions: "I've seen dead birds in there. During the summer time I've see hella dead animals in there," Swonger told Vocativ. In 2011, Shaff told the Mercury that the reservoir is not shut down for nature's transgressions. "If we did that, we'd be shutting it off all the time. We fish out animals or things that have blown in all the time," Shaff said.
The reservoir will reportedly cost $36,000 to clean and had just had one of its twice-yearly cleanings three weeks ago.
Update: The cost cited refers to Portland's earlier incident, when Shaff reported the incident would cost the city $36,000. The price of draining and restoring the reservoir following the 2014 incident may differ, since the quantity of water is vastly larger.
Belle and Sebastian have announced a new EP trilogy titled How to Solve Our Human Problems. The first EP arrives December 8, with subsequent releases scheduled for January 19 and February 16. The band will also be selling a CD box set and a limited edition vinyl set available on February 16. Below, listen to their new song “I'll Be Your Pilot” and find the cover art for all three EPs. Last year, Stuart Murdoch invited fans into a North London studio where he photographed them; the band chose 12 images to use as their covers.
The EP set follows the band's 2015 album Girls in Peacetime Want to Dance, which marked their first LP in five years. Earlier this year, Belle and Sebastian shared another new track, “We Were Beautiful,” and an accompanying music video. Beginning in 2018, they will embark on a European tour; find those dates here.
Revisit Pitchfork's “Belle and Sebastian's Stuart Murdoch.”
126 SHARES Facebook Twitter Linkedin Reddit
L.A. 2097 is VR experience loosely based on the tech-noir classic film Blade Runner (1982), and although offering only a single re-imagined scene from the film—Rick Deckard's high-rise apartment balcony—the demo holds a surprisingly tight grip on the imagination. We spoke with project creator E'van Johnston to learn more about his atmospheric sci-fi balcony and where it's headed next.
E'van Johnston (aka ‘Deepfield‘) is a New Zealand-based developer at mobile games studio PikPok. L.A. 2097 is a personal hobby project that Johnston says has seen sporadic development since he started it in 2015.
Download ‘L.A. 2097'
What made you want to start developing L.A. 2097?
I bought a second hand DK2 and tried a few demos and the like, but found I easily felt sick from the motion-based experiences. I guess that experience was the catalyst for my own project. The scene in Blade Runner, particularly the emotional aspect of the scene where Deckard is watching the city from his balcony, whisky in hand, was the main inspiration.
The balcony feels to me as if its situated in a rather humdrum, pedestrian corner of the vast, towering metropolis. Melancholy and nostalgia mingle. And so I set out to capture those feelings and a project them onto and into the viewer. I also didn't want to create a facsimile of the apartment or the balcony [because] I didn't want to become a slave to the details. I can be more creative and expressive this way I think.
So is L.A. 2097 the first VR experience you've developed?
It is indeed. And It's been a journey of discovery to be sure. I started simple: simple shapes, volumes, no textures, boxes for vehicles etc. And I was pretty impressed with how when you were presented with such a visually simple scene—with the right sense of scale, the right audio cues—you can still express a place so vividly in VR.
So I think that became one of the foundation ideas for my project. One I'm constantly holding my progress up to. It's tempting to start throwing textures all over the show. But I set out with the idea of keeping details implicit. Leaving the viewer room to fill in the spaces with their imagination.
The level of detail is incredible. Why focus so much attention on just one scene?
Thank you. I'm focusing on this one scene, I think, because I started out with the intention of not having the viewer move from the balcony. Or at least hoping the viewer feels comfortable enough that they would like to stay a while and relax, maybe slip into some of those feelings I talked about earlier.
Here I might mention Hitchcock's Rear Window which is shot entirely in one room looking onto and into surrounding apartments and courtyard—watching things unfold.
Blade Runner fans (me included) can't wait to see where this goes next. Any future plans for a larger experience?
I'm in the same boat as you. I don't really know where this is going to go or when it might be considered complete. I expect it may never be complete and I'll be building away at it in between real work, for some decades. As for specifics though, I would like to bring some of the adjacent buildings to life a little. Perhaps have small silhouettes of people periodically passing through the rooms, I imagine they are perhaps busy restaurant kitchens cooking for the remaining building residents.
More variation in vehicles; introduction of transports, single occupant. More animated vehicles; spinning down from the rain and landing out of sight. More Animated signage and neon…
You can keep tabs on continued progress to L.A. 2097 by following E'van Johnston's Facebook page.
A news anchor has burst into laughter after the breakfast show featured a story on a disgraced Malaysian diplomat who defecated outside a woman's home before indecently assaulting her.
The ‘emergency defecation situation' was too much for New Zealand newsreader Hilary Barry, who continued to laugh through to the next report on the 3 News Paul Henry breakfast show, Nine reported.
Mohammed Rizalman bin Islaim was a military attache at Malaysia's Wellington embassy in New Zealand at the time of the attack in November, and pleaded guilty to indecent assault after denying initial charges of attempted rape and burglary.
New Zealand newsreader Hilary Barry could not contain her laughter (pictured) while reporting on 3 News breakfast show Paul Henry
She had been reporting on the 'emergency defecation situation' which saw disgraced Malaysian diplomat defecate on the doorstep of a Wellington woman before he walked into her bedroom naked from the waist down
Rizalman had waited outside Tania Billingsley's Wellington home for 30 minutes, and defecated on her patio, before walking into her bedroom naked from the waist down.
He told the courtroom he was in an ‘emergency defecation situation'.
‘I think I'm having one myself,' the New Zealand newsreader said, unable to contain her laughter.
She wiped away tears and then struggled to report on the news that followed, a tragic story of a man who was sucked out of a plane to his death after take off from Mogadishu, Somalia.
Ms Barry continued to laugh, and between gasps said: ‘I'm not laughing at this'.
When she eventually got through the report, she laughed: ‘Today could be the day I lose my job.'
‘Still, I'd get to lie in.'
Rizalman was sentenced to nine months home detention.
When she eventually got through the report, she laughed: ‘Today could be the day I lose my job'
Fellow 3 News anchors could also not contain their laughter at the 'emergency defecation situation'. 'I think I'm having one myself,' Ms Barry laughed
CC/Flickr/Carol Mitchell Cherie Hales: “Many of us don't feel that industrial-scale mining is compatible with our lives, with agriculture and tourism.”
First of two articles
I sat in on two long, public conversations about the future of frac sand in Minnesota on Tuesday, and came away with a sense that wherever this industry may be heading, the element of surprise is no longer working in its favor.
That's because the state's environmental agencies, legislators and local officials have finally gotten over their deer-in-the-headlights condition of the past few years.
It's still far from clear, however, that an effective, cooperative and — most important — comprehensive approach to regulating silica sand production will replace an inadequate system that continues to treat mining, processing and transport as separate matters, and to delegate most key decisions to small-town councils and zoning boards with slim budgets and slight staffs.
There are some new state-level rules in the offing, officials said Tuesday, but they lie at the end of a timetable that stretches at least 18 months, probably two years, and quite possibly longer from today.
The first meeting took place in the afternoon at the high school in Wabasha — a city whose struggle with a bullying sand company is especially instructive — as the Environmental Quality Board concluded a set of three public hearings on its legislatively mandated program to bring some statewide coherence to the silica sand situation.
In addition to determining a threshold for environmental review of sand operations, EQB's assignment is to assist local units by “develop(ing) standards and criteria” in 14 areas ranging from buffer zones and groundwater monitoring to dust control, inspection requirements, reclamation standards and hours of operation. (The full list is here, along with other details of the program.)
Minnesota DNR The Minnesota DNR's current map of counties with frac sand deposits.
When a first and admittedly hasty cut at this assignment was rolled out in mid-September, close on the Oct. 1 deadline for the project's completion, reaction was swift and reportedly embarrassing. Rather than seeking further discussion of that document at Tuesday's session, the EQB simply asked concerned citizens to address this open-ended question:
What do you believe the model standards and criteria for mining, processing, and transporting silica sand should be?
The EQB members present — commissioners Dave Frederickson of the Agriculture Department, Tom Landwehr of Natural Resources, John Linc Stine of the Pollution Control Agency, along with citizen member John Saxhaug and various agency staffers — got an earful of answers. Here is some of what they heard:
Craig Falkum, representing Friends of Wabasha, said the EQB standards should be broadened beyond environmental impacts to also consider social and economic impacts on, say, a tourism-dependent place like his home city.
A transloading site there may bring up to 560 sand trucks a day through town —while the extraction revenue and mining jobs remain across the Mississippi River in Wisconsin — and there is deep concern about whether dust released in transferring the sand from trucks to rail cars is of the same type regulated in workplaces as a cause of silicosis and cancer.
Although the transfer site is near a residential area and a hospital, he said, not even the lowest-level environmental or public-health analysis has been done. The Friends group believes some type of review should be mandatory at each phase of sand production, from mining through processing and transportation.
Eric Pierson, also of Wabasha, said he had recently moved to Minnesota from Wisconsin where he “saw local townships get snowed by the mine operators in part because the local government didn't have any idea what to negotiate or where to start negotiating. They didn't know how much money was on the table.”
He urged the EQB to make questions of jurisdiction and authority secondary to putting solid, science-based evidence on public-health risks into the hands of local decision makers, on issues from diesel exhaust to noise pollution.
Jeanne Pietig, a Wabasha County zoning official, said she was concerned that the Legislature's use of the word “model” could lead to a single set of standards for operations whose issues and impacts are far from uniform across Minnesota's varied topography:
“Why not develop one model for the driftless area [of southeastern Minnesota] and other areas of sensitive geology, and one for everyone else? I know the sand industry has argued that one size doesn't fit all, and I agree. If you do come up with one size for all, it will be too lenient for our area.”
Cherie Hales of rural Winona County introduced “the people's EIS scoping report,” published last month by the Land Stewardship Project, as well as a theme that proved to be popular as the meeting went on: that EQB provide not only model ordinances for regulating sand operators, but a legal foundation for banning them altogether:
“Many of us don't feel that industrial-scale mining is compatible with our lives, with agriculture and tourism.”
Lynn Schoen, a Wabasha City Council member who gave a riveting account of that city's struggle with Superior Sand in legislative testimony last February, called on EQB “to make sure you hit disclosure: We've got a business that may be selling [to new owners], may have new investors, may not, who's in charge now, I don't know … you've got to have rules that address what happens if there's a change in the people you're dealing with, because it's hard to track down sometimes.”
If local governments are going to be in charge of enforcing new standards, she said, “we need staff and testing equipment, and we can't afford to buy everything we need. If you can't enforce it, don't make the rule.”
Katie Himanga, a former mayor of Lake City and a forester specializing in “the most highly disturbed sites we have,” said she's certain that “not a single acre in Wabasha County has been reclaimed from quarrying that has been going on for more than 100 years.”
She said she believes that “properties that are this highly disturbed' by sand mining “will inevitably default into public ownership, and that's me making a case for strong regulations on your part. It's pretty easy to make these sites ‘green' but we cannot make them whole. We need strong regulations from you to make it possible, someday, that these properties can be more than green hunting land.”
Alan Muller of Red Wing argued that just because the statute specifies 14 items on which the EQB must develop standards, it doesn't prevent the list from growing longer: “These 14 items should be taken as a floor, not a ceiling. And it's quite clear that people from this part of Minnesota are calling for additional items, one of which is a roadmap to banning sand mining.
“We need a regulatory framework that could prevent damage, prevent degradation of quality of life, damage to air quality and public health, to groundwater and surface water, to our local economies and so on,” not just to require repairs afterward.
Constance Anderson of Lake City, referencing earlier discussion of a rulemaking timetables at state agencies that will probably take two years or more, cautioned that “in the meantime, the frac mining industries are going to ride roughshod over communities, threatening lawsuits that townships are not capable of countering.”
She asked if the eventual standards could be made retroactive for mining companies — to which, of course, the answer is no — then called for a statewide moratorium until the rules are finished. And she charmed the audience with the story of all the permitting and appeal steps she had to go through for a remodeling of a porch on her house, with a nonstandard sort of railing — concluding, “Why does something like a porch railing hold more substance, in terms of accountability, than what the mining companies are able to do to our land, to our air, to our water, to our people, and to tourism?”
But the showstopper may have been Louy Stambaugh of Lake City, who referenced earlier comments contrasting tight regulation of asbestos exposure with lax standards for dust associated with sand operations, and said:
“I live right on Hwy. 61, and my bedroom is 40 feet, maybe 50 feet from the highway. Someone brought to me this little thing about the OSHA standards, and I say, I wish my bedroom was in the mine because then I'd have more protection!”
* * *
Tuesday's hearing was of course open to proponents of silica sand development as well as opponents, and several speakers mentioned seeing industry lawyers present in the auditorium. But I can't tell you what their thoughts on the issues might be, for they spoke not a word.
* * *
Tomorrow: A panel convened in Mahtomedi discusses sand mining's future in Washington County and elsewhere.
I confess. I hadn't been to Gusto for ages. The branch where I used to live was a nightmare of screaming kids, and adults who'd given up on life to the point where lunch at Gusto barely out of their pajamas (and amongst screaming kids) seemed like a good thing. In short, it was a bit depressing.
Anyway, as anyone who's been keeping tabs on this blog will know, I moved recently, so I decided to give Gusto a second chance at my new local branch. I'm pleased to report that things have improved dramatically (although the air con is insanely cold - bring an extra layer).
(before)
(after)
As I said, I'm a little out of touch with Gusto, so maybe this is old news, but they have on their dessert menu Stone Ice Parfait (ストーンアイスパフェ). Gusto's Stone Ice Parfait take the form of a sweet/cold version of the Korean bibimbap where you get a heavy stone bowl full of food stuffs which you mash about and mix up, using the heat from the bowl to kind of cook it and stick it all together. With these Stone Ice Parfaits you get a ice cream, cream, some form of cake, and fruit, in a freezing stone bowl, replete with a little flag with the call to action, 'Mix Me'!
So, I ordered one; Cheesecake, mango, and berry (499 yen). It didn't come out looking as colorful or fulsome as it does on the menu, but all the parts were there; vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, slice of cheesecake, fruit, and a couple of wafers.
According to the menu, you're supposed to mix, eat, repeat. Yep, mix, eat, repeat. This way you can bring out different tastes. Ever the cynic, I was calling bullsh@$t, but actually I was pleasantly surprised, it mixed up pretty good. Yes, it looks a bit like baby food, and yes, the fruit is fresh from the freezer, but it's fun, and tasty. You can see how I got on with mine, below.
The chocolate brownie, banana, ice cream and whipped cream choice doesn't seem to have much variety in the flavors to justify the 'mixing' sales point. The third and final Stone Ice Parfait offering is testament to the fact that traditional Japan knows nothing about dessert; vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, green tea mousse, and sweet red beans (again with the green tea and beans)!
I recommend a Gusto Stone Ice Parfait if you have the chance. Don't go overboard with whatever you might order beforehand. You'll need to have a bit of room to spare.
The White House Secret Service Turned Intruder Away Hours Before
White House Intruder, Secret Service Turned Him Away Hours Before
EXCLUSIVE
The White House intruder who jumped a fence, lingered on the grounds, hid behind a pillar and even tried a doorknob had gone right up to the Secret Service hours before and declared his desire to get inside the President's home ... TMZ has learned.
Sources who have been fully briefed tell us, at around 6 PM on March 10th, Jonathan Tuan-Anh went to a security gate at the White House and told Secret Service agents he wanted to get inside. He was turned away but returned and achieved his goal just after 11 PM.
Some members of Congress are outraged, one telling us it's beyond comprehension the intruder was not on the radar of the Secret Service when he jumped the fence. The member notes it was a cold evening ... and after coming face-to-face with Secret Service he showed up again and no one noticed.
We're told the intruder may have actually hung around 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. during the evening, before jumping 2 fences and going undetected for nearly 20 minutes. The Secret Service says Tuan-Anh was there for 16 minutes, but we're told it was several minutes longer.
President Trump was in the White House at the time of the intrusion, yet we're told he wasn't told the intrusion was the result of a massive screw-up. The next day Trump actually praised the Secret Service, in the dark as to what actually went down.
The intruder was carrying mace when he was finally apprehended.
Radiohead's Thom Yorke discusses his forthcoming score for the Suspiria remake in a new BBC 6 Music interview. The horror classic's remake, which stars Tilda Swinton, Dakota Johnson, and Chloë Grace Moretz, will mark Yorke's first ever movie score. “It's absolutely terrifying,” Yorke says of the experience. “It's hard because I'm way out of my comfort zone, and I can't read music so it's not like I'm writing for orchestra. I'm building it all myself. In fact, I watched Blade Runner twice at the weekend. ‘Oh, that sound, I could do something like that, that's quite easy,'” he jokes. “‘I'll rip that bit off there and that bit there and I'll be fine.'” In another pair of clips, Yorke discusses his early musical memories and narrowly averting disaster at Radiohead's 1997 Glastonbury set. Hear all three clips below, and stay tuned for the full interview, which airs Sunday at 8 a.m. Eastern on BBC 6 Music.
Yorke elaborates on how Vangelis' Blade Runner score inspired him:
Vangelis, it's his hands that made that. Which encouraged me. Because that was the thing I was finding most daunting. Normally [scoring] a horror movie involves orchestras, these specific things. But Luca [Guadagnino], the director, and Walter [Fasano], the editor, are very much, like, find your own path with it. ... I just have to find a way into it.
On June 23, Radiohead will reissue OK Computer. Head here to read Pitchfork's series of 20th anniversary features on the classic album.
Embedded content is unavailable.
Embedded content is unavailable.
I was matched with a local Redditor. She was really lovely and messaged me to say hi, and she let me know that she was organising my gift. I thought it was actually really nice to receive a message like that. It instills confidence that you've got a cool match who is actually pro-active :) So I think that in my future exchanges I'll do that too.
Anyway, this morning she sent me a message to say that she had dropped off my package. I was stoked! I received a beautiful Cocoa & Vanilla Reed Diffusion Set. Sounds like a mouthful but it's actually a really simple, elegant way of diffusing a fragrance in a room. You dip the reeds in the oil and then let the freshly dipped side stick out the top. It slowly wafts around the room so it's not overpowering like incense can be. And you can take the reeds out and put them back into their plastic packaging and put the stopper back in the bottle if you want to stop using it for a while. It's small enough to just sit on my bookshelf and look pretty which is great :)
The smell was perfect for me. I ADORE vanilla and the combination with cocoa was a nice twist because sometimes plain vanilla can be quite boring. My room smells sort of like a bakery. It's delicious and also makes me want to run out and buy cupcakes :)
So a big thank you to my wonderful match! Having such a lovely smell can really lift your spirit and change the mood of a room and I think this gift sufficiently did that.
Ryanair has made a dramatic U-turn and agreed to recognise pilots' unions for the first time in its history, after it was threatened with a potentially-crippling strike just days before Christmas.
Ryanair has made a dramatic U-turn and agreed to recognise pilots' unions for the first time in its history, after it was threatened with a potentially-crippling strike just days before Christmas.
'Radical change' - Ryanair agrees to recognise pilot unions in major shift on policy to avoid Christmas travel chaos
The low-cost carrier sent the offer to representative bodies in the UK, Ireland, Germany, Spain, Italy and Portugal - the only time Michael O'Leary has sought such a deal in the 32 years of the airline.
One day of industrial action had been planned for Wednesday December 20 and would have mostly involved captains.
Mr O'Leary said the pilots should call off the threat.
"Christmas flights are very important to our customers and we wish to remove any worry or concern that they may be disrupted by pilot industrial action next week," he said.
"If the best way to achieve this is to talk to our pilots through a recognised union process, then we are prepared to do so, and we have written today to these unions inviting them to talks to recognise them and calling on them to cancel the threatened industrial action planned for Christmas week."
Ryanair chief executive Michael O'Leary
Ryanair's offer is conditional on unions in the six countries setting up special committees to deal with issues related to the airline.
It says it will not deal with pilots flying for other airlines.
Mr O'Leary, who has been outspoken about the role of unions at other carriers in the past, said he wanted to avoid the threat of disruption to customers.
"We have delivered radical change before," Mr O'Leary said.
"Putting the needs of our customers first, and avoiding disruption to their Christmas flights, is the reason why we will now deal with our pilots through recognised national union structures and we hope and expect that these structures can and will be agreed with our pilots early in the New Year."
The threat of industrial action in Ireland was issued through Impact, to which the Irish Airline Pilots' Association (Ialpa) is affiliated.
A spokesman said it had not yet received any correspondence from Ryanair with the offer.
"Obviously, when we do we will be giving it full consideration," he said.
Impact had warned Mr O'Leary that the threatened industrial action would either ground flights or generate substantial losses for the company.
It had been expected that the number of Ryanair employees involved in next Wednesday's planned strike would be fewer than the total number of Irish-based Ryanair pilots.
But because it primarily involved captains it had the potential to cause severe disruption as planes cannot legally or safely fly without the senior pilot.
A spokesperson for IMPACT trade union said: "IMPACT has indicated its belief that an immediate meeting, between management and the union, is now necessary to clarify issues and make progress.
"IMPACT has indicated its availability to meet with Ryanair management today - or at any time over the coming weekend - to discuss these matters."
Online Editors
What Are The Top E Cigarette Options And General Tips About Them?
The best electronic cigarette options are going to vary from person to person. You're going to have to spend some time here learning about the basics of them if you want a good chance of getting a great deal. The more research you put into this, the more likely you are to get an excellent deal on a product you can use on a regular basis. The best thing to do is to try to learn everything about the best e cig before you even go to a shop online to look around.
Try going to a local vape shop to see what they have on hand. A lot of the time you can find something that is top of the line and a good price when you go to a place like this. You should try to bring something with you so you can check out the prices on what is being offered. For most people, it's easy enough to put in a phone that is connected to the Internet. If you can't connect there, at least jot down or text yourself the names of the products so you can look them up before you buy them.
Avoid disposable e-cigs unless you want to know what a brand tastes like. Usually, you can get a pretty good idea if they have a quality option that's rechargeable if they are providing a good experience with their disposables. Either way, you're not going to want to get addicted to the kind you just throw away and buy over and over again because they are expensive. Not only that but they rarely last part of a day for a heavy smoker even if the package says you can get a ton of puffs out of it.
Any e-cigarette that you get is going to need to come with some instructions. You don't want to buy anything used if you're not sure about how things work or what they are like. Customizing your tank with liquids and accessories like batteries you can use with it can be a lot of work. You don't want to use a customized rig that someone else loves if you're not sure about it. Your initial setup is going to take a while to get right, but in the end, it will be worth it when you use it.
Where can you get juices? You should find one place at least locally to get some on short notice. There are quite a few places online to get them too, but it can take a couple of days to a couple of weeks to get what you want that way. If you have a local place that carries what you like, look it up online and see if you can buy some in bulk. Just buy enough to use within a month or two, so it's not sitting around in the light and getting old on you.
Dave Ward wants to make something clear.
Yes, the longest-running news anchor in TV history will be leaving Channel 13 after 50 years.
"My contract with Channel 13 expires at the end of this year, and that's when I'll say goodbye," Ward said.
"But, no, I am definitely not retiring."
Ward said that Channel 13 management has invited him to stay with the station through 2017.
It was an offer he couldn't accept, Ward said.
"They took me off the 10 p.m. newscast two years ago. They were taking me off the 6 p.m. news at the end of this year. So I would not have an anchor role anymore."
With no anchor duties, Ward said he felt like Channel 13 was showing him the door.
"They seemed like they really wanted me to make my exit. I always thought I would continue to anchor the news at Channel 13 until I thought I couldn't do the job anymore. I'm not there yet. My research is very good, and our ratings are very good. They won't give me an answer why I'm being taken off the 6 p.m. news."
According to Ward, if he stayed with Channel 13, he would "maybe host the Livestock Show and Rodeo parade or the July 4 fireworks. That just didn't interest me at all.
"Essentially, I would have nothing to do here. I thought it would be better for me to separate from the station. Then I could do some commercial work and freelance, maybe some documentary work."
Channel 13 president Henry Florsheim said he still hopes an agreement can be reached for Ward to stay with the station beyond this year.
"Dave is always welcome at the station, and there is always a role for Dave on the air. We can't wait to celebrate his 50 years of service with us. I don't know if anybody has ever done that, and we want to celebrate his success," Florsheim said.
"Dave is part of the fabric of the station. We'd love to work out a way for him to stay."
Ward, 77, joined Channel 13 as a street reporter in 1966. He was promoted to the anchor desk a year later. Earlier this year, Guinness World Records honored him "for the longest career as a television news broadcaster."
Ward said he will be free to join another TV station after his current contract expires Dec. 31.
"I don't see myself doing that, but who knows? You never know. Never say never."
What would he say if another station called and asked him to anchor one of its newscasts?
"Sure, of course!"
Pethouse Pet of the Week
Name: Daisy, as in Fuentes, Duke and Dagwood Bumstead's dog.
Ethnicity: I'm kinda, sorta a terrier girl.
Birthdate: March 8, 2016, just a pup.
Daisy's doin's: Funniest Olympics comment so far: Former gymnast Shannon Miller said the excitement in Rio is "contagious." Not the best choice of adjectives during these Games in Brazil.
McDonald's is testing a 24-hour "walkup" window, where people can stumble up to the restaurant and order five Big Macs and 10 extra-large fries at 3 a.m. Unfortunately, this test window is in Wales. So in the U.S., it's still only cars allowed in the drive-through lane. McDonald's says it's for safety reasons. I say it's discrimination against joggers and walkers. At 3 a.m., I'd much prefer to bump into people walking crazy instead of driving crazy.
With 20-plus gold medals, where do we rank Michael Phelps on the list of the greatest athletes in history? Maybe I have Olympics fever, but I'm putting him No. 1. Quantitatively, there's no dispute. I don't know if Phelps has traditional sports hand-eye coordination, can hit a baseball, sink a free throw or hit a golf ball straight, but he's No. 1.
Look at it this way, if Phelps were a country, he'd be No. 38 on the all-time Olympic medals list.
Ash Burnett and Bissie Anderson of the EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland group say EU nationals are finding their political voice in Scotland and organising in support for indy
EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland have been active in the campaign for Scottish independence since 2013.
Initially started as a community Facebook page, our group was founded by a French national, Sylvie, who wanted to form a Yes group to bring her fellow non-UK EU citizens into the debate, presenting the positive case for independence in a way that encouraged EU nationals to participate.
As you would likely find with many foreign nationals, the idea of a country not governing itself, but instead being governed by a neighbouring country, has always seemed quite peculiar to us as 'non-natives'.
We're happy to say the reluctance of EU nationals to get behind the independence movement is changing.
So, while the media and unionist politicians stoked the indyref debate with bitter notions of ethnic nationalism, EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland sought to present a more pragmatic, logical case, based on our knowledge and experiences as citizens of other independent nations, as outsiders looking in, so to speak.
It was this wider perspective, seeing Scotland's place in the EU and the wider world, which gave the community a key focus to rally around. The crowdsourcing dynamic of the group gave a platform to non-UK EU nationals in Scotland to share articles and media from across their home nations, and beyond, on subjects not just directly related to Scottish independence, but on wider things, such as other national elections in our countries of origin, EU Commission and Parliament activities, and other international political events.
Our activity during indyref was mostly social media based, though our members did also participate in other Yes groups and pro-independence activism.
Ultimately, it seems that EU nationals were a difficult group to persuade in 2014. However, given the insistence of the No campaign and mainstream media that Scotland would find itself outside of the EU, and EU nationals would find themselves being deported, with no rights and no pensions, along with all sorts of other sensationalist, fear-based propaganda, it is not difficult to see how reluctance to participate, and reluctance to vote Yes, won out among our communities.
With a little Stockholm Syndrome-like conditioning, many non-UK EU nationals, feeling like 'guests' in this country and just grateful to even be here (rather than the positive contributors we are), were kept out of the debate and did not vote, or voted No, in line with our 'benevolent hosts' - the national (UK) government's wishes.
WATCH LIVE FROM 7PM: Siobhan Tolland interviews members of EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland on Independence Live
We're happy to say the reluctance of EU nationals to get behind the independence movement is changing. Of course, Brexit has a lot to do with it. The assurances our community were given that voting No would secure our continued EU membership went up in flames on 23 June last year.
EU nationals in Scotland, the rest of the UK and across Europe, as well as Scots living in EU member countries, have flocked to our group post-Brexit, looking for information on what will happen to EU nationals now; what our rights are, and what we can do to stand up against Brexit.
With new evidence that EU nationals in the UK are net contributors finally reaching the light of the media, and with the support extended to our immigrant communities by the Scottish Government and the public in general, we have begun to stop seeing ourselves as mere guests.
The clarity of the Remain vote in Scotland, reassuring our communities that we are wanted and valued here, seems to be inspiring a similar energy and engagement among our EU national communities as indyref did for thousands of Scots who previously felt excluded from participating in the democratic process of this country.
Suddenly, Scottish independence seems to be the light at the end of the tunnel for many who had previously done their best not to get involved, and this group, EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland, has become a forum through which they can discuss, share and grow a movement.
We have already attracted a wide and varied team of techs, creatives and editors, mainly consisting of non-UK EU citizens, but also including some Scots, English, Irish and other non-EU Scottish residents.
This influx of activity is why we have begun to step out from the social media bubble and get more directly involved. The EU is fast becoming one of the biggest issues as we approach the real possibility of a new independence referendum, and we feel we are in a unique position.
We, as EU nationals, are able to widen the narrative out of the limited scope of debate that unionist politicians, media and anti-independence campaigners in general continue to attempt to draw us into.
We, as proud citizens of the world, can help take the blinkers off and help Scotland see itself as others, outside of the UK, see it.
And as we now become a key demographic, we can make sure we not only reach this group that unionists have so far shown no consideration for, despite the potential severity of impact Brexit will directly have on us, but also we can empower EU nationals to further challenge unionist lies and manipulations that will likely be plentiful in the campaign ahead.
While we are currently in the process of developing our own website/blog/news resource, focusing on the wider, more international views in the ScotRef debate, we are continually welcoming members and volunteers of all nationalities and origins to join us.
We also have dozens of contributing volunteers, both in Scotland and elsewhere across the EU, ready to start feeding into our media activity with articles, analyses and translations.
We have already attracted a wide and varied team of techs, creatives, and editors, mainly consisting of non-UK EU citizens, but also including some Scots, English, Irish and other non-EU Scottish residents, who are looking to do their bit in sharing our vision of why we should, and how we can, build a better future as an independent nation.
Awaiting the full launch of our website, we also have dozens of contributing volunteers, both in Scotland and elsewhere across the EU, ready to start feeding into our media activity with articles, analyses and translations, as well as other volunteers looking to be involved in public engagement events.
With our constitution waiting to be ratified at our upcoming inaugural meeting, we hope to begin making an impact on the pro-independence campaign trail very soon.
Working alongside other pro-independence groups, as well as under our own banner, we will stand up, speak up, and play our part, as is our right, in the political future of this country.
You can find us here:
www.eucitizensforindy.scot
Twitter: @euforindyscot
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/EUCitizensForAnIndependentScotland/
Picture: CommonSpace
Cincinnati Bengals quarterback A.J. McCarron, selected in the fifth-round of the 2014 NFL draft, was placed on the team's reserve/Non-Football Injury list when Cincinnati was reducing their roster to the 53-man maximum earlier this year. McCarron had been dealing with a shoulder injury since before he was drafted; thus the inclusion on the NFI list.
Per league rules, players on the reserve/NFI list are ineligible to practice or play through the first six weeks of the regular season. If a player isn't activated after week six, teams have a six-week window (at the end of Week 11) to determine that player's placement for the rest of the season.
Cincinnati can force McCarron to stay on NFI, but that will end his season (ala, similar to IR)... or they can place him on IR. Cincinnati could waive McCarron, facing the risk that another team would submit a claim, and (if he clears) put him on the practice squad. Or they could place him on the 53-man roster (but that seems the least likely). However, they can delay these deadlines if McCarron starts practicing this week. Then the Bengals would have an additional three weeks to decide.
One (Bengals).com beat writer believes that Cincinnati will hit every deadline before shutting him down for the season.
McCarron can come off PUP a week from Tuesday and start practicing. Then I'm going to guess after he practices for three weeks they'll put him on season-ending injured reserve and keep rehabbing him. If they activate him after three weeks, that takes a spot away from a team that needs all the non-QB roster space it can get for the stretch run.
Most believe that the team is working to develop McCarron as Andy Dalton's eventual backup quarterback.
Share this post:
Can smoking affect who you are?
Smoking is bad. Not only can it be a large contributor to the development of lung diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), but it'll take time off your total lifespan, all while gradually eroding your quality of life. In essence, cigarettes and tobacco will make you sick, and although there are treatments available, the best way to avoid the negative effects of smoking is to not smoke. And after years of government-sponsored public service announcements (PSAs) the realities of smoking are largely understood. However, what has come to light in a recent study on the long-term effects of smoking may change the way we view tobacco from this point forward. Did you Know: Smoking Affects Your DNA?
With your health in mind, the Lung Institute is here to break down the effects of smoking on long-term health, and what long-term exposure can mean for the health of yourself and loved ones.
What is DNA?
DNA or Deoxyribonucleic Acid is a molecule that carries the genetic instructions used for development, growth, functioning and reproduction for all known living organisms. These instructions are used to determine every aspect of who you are, using genetic code from both your mother and your father, to decide whether you'll have blue eyes or brown, blonde hair or black, or whether you'll be tall or short.
However, this information is constantly replicated as you grow and your cells divide. Normally, these cells will replicate themselves and die, but in rare cases the original cell will continue to live and function. These cases are referred to as mutations, and although these mutations can at times be beneficial (as in the case of evolution) they can also cause a variety of health problems.
Unfortunately, the numerous chemicals inherent in tobacco smoke are known to cause these mutations frequently, which ultimately means that smoking can change your DNA as well as the DNA you pass on to your children.
How Smoking Affects Your DNA?
As we mentioned before, a recent study put forth by the American Heart Association has found that after checking the blood samples from more than 16,000 people (current, former, and people who have never smoked), the effects of smoking on DNA are wide-reaching and more persistent than originally thought, lingering long after a person has stopped smoking. Researchers discovered evidence of a “long-term signature” in tobacco's user's DNA that's considered to contribute to diseases associated with smoking.
What was examined in particular was the study's focus on cigarettes' effect on DNA methylation, a factor which regulates gene expression. Methylation is known to happen in genes linked to smoking-related diseases, such as cancers, osteoporosis, and lung and cardiovascular disorders. This is especially poignant as one-third of known genes in smokers were found affected.
So What Can I Do About It?
The first step is to quit smoking. Although the effect of smoking on DNA is a serious concern, the upside is that many of the harmful effects of smoking on DNA can be recovered within five years of quitting. However, changes in 19 genes, included the TIAM2 gene, which is linked to lymphoma, lasted 30 years.
Moving Forward…
It's important to understand the harmful effects of smoking and how smoking affects your DNA, so you can stay informed on your health. Although COPD can seem insurmountable, the first step to living a longer life is finding a treatment that addresses the disease head-on. Changing one's diet and consistently exercising are among the best lifestyle changes one can do aside from quitting smoking. However, if you're looking to address COPD progression directly, it may be time to consider cellular therapy. Rather than only addressing the symptoms of lung disease, cellular therapy directly affects disease progression and can improve quality of life and pulmonary function. For people with lung disease, a change in quality of life could mean the difference between struggling to walk to the mailbox and riding a bike.
If you or a loved one suffers from a chronic disease like ILD, COPD, pulmonary fibrosis or other symptoms of lung disease, the Lung Institute may be able to help with a variety of adult cellular therapy options. Contact us today at 888-745-6697 to see if you qualify for cellular therapy, and find out what cellular therapy could mean for you.
Interested in our Did You Know: Smoking Affects Your DNA…Share your thoughts and comments below.
Major Lazer, Migos, and a DJ regularly employed by Middle Eastern royalty are among the artists slated to perform at an extravagant, brand-new music festival in the Bahamas this year. Maybe.
Fyre Festival sold out within weeks of its December announcement, thanks to promotion help from hundreds of supermodels and entertainment moguls. Depending on amenities, tickets to the high-end concert cost between $1,500 and a wild $250,000, and more than 12,000 people are expected to fly out to the Bahamas for the shows. But the festival—scheduled to kick off during a weekend at the end of April—has missed a number of payment deadlines to artists, according to a new Wall Street Journal report (paywall), which suggested it's not in the best financial health.
How could it be struggling? California's Coachella is earning more than ever, breaking its own profit record several years in a row and making $94 million in 2016. It added an extra 25,000 tickets for this year. Its oldies-rock sister festival, Desert Trip, might have done even better.
But even if Fyre sold a bunch of expensive tickets—and that's a big if—high-end festivals also cost a lot to run. Industry experts estimated that Desert Trip had to pay as much as $7 million to each of its biggest acts, which included Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones, and Paul McCartney. Since charging several thousand dollars a ticket doesn't cover those steep fees—especially when operations and staffing costs are added into the mix—festivals aiming to be ultra-luxe have to get creative.
Hence Frye Festival's absurd amenities options, which include:
Boats and jet skis for rental, starting at $249 a person
VIP access and individual yacht docking rights starting at $2,500 a person (must bring your own yacht)
“The Great Northern,” a $25,000-per-person package offering a “bonafide ship including two expansive sun decks” that comes with a full crew to attend to you for the duration of the festival
“Artists Estate,” a $49,999-per-person package offering personalized experiences, open bars, and resort housing “in the vicinity” of performers
While several of the packages include flights to the Bahamas from Florida, the bare-bones general admission ticket doesn't include travel, making a trip to Fyre significantly more expensive than any other music festival in existence.
So who's going, exactly? Mark Musters, the festival's creative director, told the Journal that Fyre is aimed at millennials who want to “capture those Instagram moments” in an “offline experience.” Translation: Wealthy people who don't care about music so much as want to take a posh vacation—one that just happens to be set to a soundtrack.
Autoplay next video
Space and dread and the dark -
Over a livid stretch of sky
Cloud-monsters crawling, like a funeral train
Of huge, primeval presences
Stooping beneath the weight
Of some enormous, rudimentary grief;
While in the haunting loneliness
The far sea waits and wanders with a sound
As of the trailing skirts of Destiny,
Passing unseen
To some immitigable end
With her grey henchman, Death.
What larve, what spectre is this
Thrilling the wilderness to life
As with the bodily shape of Fear?
What but a desperate sense,
A strong foreboding of those dim
Interminable continents, forlorn
And many-silenced, in a dusk
Inviolable utterly, and dead
As the poor dead it huddles and swarms and styes
In hugger-mugger through eternity?
Life--life--let there be life!
Better a thousand times the roaring hours
When wave and wind,
Like the Arch-Murderer in flight
From the Avenger at his heel,
Storm through the desolate fastnesses
And wild waste places of the world!
Life--give me life until the end,
That at the very top of being,
The battle-spirit shouting in my blood,
Out of the reddest hell of the fight
I may be snatched and flung
Into the everlasting lull,
The immortal, incommunicable dream.
TORONTO The Ontario Securities Commission will officially launch a rewards-backed whistleblower program July 14, and has named longtime regulator Kelly Gorman as the first Chief of the Office of the Whistleblower.
“The OSC's Office of the Whistleblower will be the first paid whistleblower program [operated] by a securities regulator in Canada,” said Maureen Jensen, chair and chief executive of the OSC.
“Kelly's leadership expertise and oversight of several high-profile enforcement initiatives, as well as her accounting background, make her uniquely suited to lead this investigative multi-disciplinary team.”
The whistleblower program will pay compensation of up to $5 million to whistleblowers who come forward with tips that lead to successful enforcement action.
The OSC, Canada's biggest capital markets regulator, says the program is expected to increase the effectiveness its enforcement efforts by providing access to high quality information about matters such as insider trading, accounting and disclosure violations, and misconduct by those registered with the commission.
The program will provide important protection for whistleblowers, including confidentiality and anti-retaliation provisions, which are expected to be in place by the time of launch.
Gorman, who some observers viewed as a strong candidate to cover the vacant position of director of the OSC's enforcement branch, joined the regulator in 2002. She was most recently deputy director of enforcement, where she oversaw the development of the whistleblower program.
She also led the implementation of the OSC's no-contest settlement program and oversaw investigation and litigation teams specializing in securities-related misconduct.
Earlier in her tenure, she served as the deputy director of the OSC's corporate finance branch.
Prior to joining the OSC, Gorman's experience was in the world of banking, with stints at a large financial institution, and at the Office of the Superintendent of Financial Institutions, Canada's top banking regulator.
The OSC first considered introducing a paid whistleblower program in 2010, following on the success of an incentive-backed program introduced by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2008.
The idea was resurrected in Canada a few years later, and introduced last October after a series of consultations. Potential rewards of up to $1.5 million were boosted to $5 million, provided the OSC is able to successfully prosecute wrongdoers and collect significant sanctions.
Investor advocates have long been in favour of tip lines that pay whistleblowers for bringing forward evidence of white-collar malfeasance that would otherwise go undetected.
But there has been resistance in corporate circles, where there is fear the “bounties” will lead to frivolous claims, or tolerance of misconduct by co-workers so they can later collect by exposing the wrongdoing.
Financial Post
bshecter@nationalpost.com
Twitter.com/BatPost
SALT LAKE CITY — Hot dogs were once a cuisine relegated, for the most part, to baseball fields, greasy drive-ins and metropolitan push-carts.
Nowadays, hot dogs are becoming somewhat of a gourmet delicacy — a thing to try and compare from local purveyors of meat in tube-form. Sometime near the beginning of the 2000s, hot dogs went from being greasy vendor food to gourmet restaurant food. Utah itself is home to a plethora of hip and tasty dog joints, each boasting something unique and original.
That Hot Dog Place (Roy)
That Hot Dog place is an homage to Big, with a definitive capital “B”. The dogs sold there are not for small stomachs. For those looking for a mouthful though, That Hot Dog Place will not disappoint.
That Hot Dog Place, Baltimore Polish
Try out the “Carolina Slaw Dog”, an all beef dog heaped with chili and coleslaw. For foodies who like a little more bite in their bite, the “Baltimore Polish”, laden with horseradish, onions and sauerkraut, fits the bill and then some.
If a lighter fare is what you seek, That Hot Dog Place offers a veggie dog with polish spices and all the fresh vegetables a healthy heart can take.
1821 W. 4000 South #500
Red Hot (Salt Lake City)
Red Hot, a downtown gourmet hot dog joint, is recommended by both self-acclaimed “food snobs” and food laymen alike. It opened its doors in the summer of 2013 and has enjoyed growing popularity since.
This Main Street eatery features a unique menu of kobe beef dogs with names like “Little Tokyo” (a hot dog topped with wasabi mayo, teriyaki and shredded seaweed) and “Bahn Mi Dog” (featuring jalapenos, cilantro, pickled daikon and carrots, cucumbers and chipotle aioli).
A budget savvy choice, no item on Red Hot's menu comes in at over $6. They also offer a veggie dog substitution for any regular hot dog for any non-meat eaters who may want to give the selection a try.
165 S. Main Street
Good Dog (Salt Lake City)
Good Dog, The Kowabunga
Good Dog opened up in January of 2013 and refers to itself as a “gourmet hot dog emporium.” Good Dog is known for its family-friendly atmosphere and comprehensive and creative menu.
Order a “Chicago” and you'll be eating a dog topped with house man n' cheese, bacon and sriracha sauce. A “Montana” is a not for the faint of heart-burned and comes heaped with baked beans, bacon, grilled onions and crushed potato chips.
Good Dog also offers bratwurst and sausage options for more european tastes and also allows patrons to make up their own combinations from any of the items listed on the menu.
30 E. Broadway
J Dawgs (Flagship location in Provo)
J Dawgs started as a small hot dog stand just south of Brigham Young University. The small dog shack soon became a Provo standard and just about every BYU student in the valley had experienced at least one “J Dawg” by 2010.
Since its humble beginnings in 2004, J Dawgs now has three locations in Utah County and has served thousands of dogs to happy customers. Many cite simplicity as a major win when it comes to J Dawgs.
They offer 2 types of dogs; spicy polish and 100 percent beef. That's it. A small bar of condiments is available to customers, with staples like pickles, onions, sauerkraut, and of course, mustard and ketchup.
What really brings in the crowds, according to most who visit J Dawgs, is the abundance of what the eatery calls a “special sauce”. Special sauce is sort of a mixture of tangy and sweet tastes, a bit akin to BBQ sauce, but just a little better.
Provo: 858 N. 700 EastAmerican Fork: 80 NW State StreetOrem: 287 E. University Parkway
×
Related Stories
New Delhi: India's Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) has the capability of launching 1700 kg to Sun Synchronous Polar Orbit (600 km) and has proven its versatility in launching multi-satellite/multi-orbit missions as well as lunar (Chandrayaan-1) and interplanetary missions (Mars Orbiter Mission). As on date, PSLV has completed 38 consecutive successful missions, during which it has launched 46 Indian satellites (weighing ~ 43.2 tonnes) and 180 foreign satellites (weighing ~ 6.3 tonnes). It has already established itself as a preferred launch vehicle, in its class, in the global market for launch services, especially for smaller satellites. The Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV), with indigenous cryogenic upper stage, has the capability to launch satellites up to 2.2 tonnes to Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit (GTO). GSLV has demonstrated its reliability through three consecutive successful missions in the past three years.
The maximum GTO capability of other space launch agencies to launch satellites are: European Space Agency (ESA): 10.5 tonnes, USA: 13.8 tonnes, Russia: 6.5 tonnes, China: 14 tonnes and Japan: 8 tonnes.
In order to enhance the capability, ISRO has developed the next generation launch vehicle i.e. GSLV MkIII with indigenous high thrust cryogenic stage, to launch 4 tonne class of communication satellites to GTO and its first developmental flight is scheduled to take place in the second quarter of 2017. The development of Semicryogenic engine has also been undertaken to further enhance the GTO payload capability of GSLV MkIII to 6 tonnes.
ISRO has proved the level of efficiency in the area of space science through – (i) planning, development & execution of Lunar mission ‘Chandrayaan-1' and High resolution imaging & Systematic topographic mapping of the Moon; (ii) successful insertion of Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) around the planet Mars in very first attempt, achieving all planned objectives and continuing the operations of MOM beyond its designed mission life of 6 months; (iii) placing India's first observatory in space ‘Astrosat', which enables simultaneous multi-wavelength observations (Ultraviolet to X-Ray) to study Stars and Galaxies; (iv) indigenous development & validation of several new technologies viz. autonomy, deep space communication, scientific instruments in space science missions.
Future missions in space science includes (i) second mission to Moon ‘Chandrayaan-2', consisting of an indigenous Orbiter, Lander & Rover and (ii) mission for solar studies ‘Aditya-L1' to study the solar corona in different wavebands.
The capability to set up a space station needs capability of lifting heavy payloads into space. While there is no specific plan for space station, ISRO is working towards this capability through launch vehicles using cryogenic and semi-cryogenic engines.
This information was provided by the Union Minister of State (Independent Charge) Development of North-Eastern Region (DoNER), MoS PMO, Personnel, Public Grievances & Pensions, Atomic Energy and Space, Dr Jitendra Singh in a written reply to a question in Rajya Sabha today.
Understanding what oversight authorities can and can't have over digital currencies will play a major role in determining how widely adopted they will become.
The digital currency Bitcoin has a reputation for providing privacy. But a new analysis of the public log of all bitcoin transactions suggests it could be surprisingly easy for a law enforcement agency to identify many users of the currency. Popular uses for bitcoins include illicit gambling and making purchases at an online marketplace called Silk Road, where illegal drugs are traded openly.
The new research, from a team at University of California, San Diego, comes at a time when investment in the bitcoin economy is booming (see “Bitcoin Hits the Big Time”), and as it is being scrutinized by U.S. authorities. In 2013, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security has seized a total of $5 million from Mt Gox, the largest exchange where people go to convert between bitcoins and conventional currencies. Last month, New York's financial regulator subpoenaed 22 companies to gather information about their dealings with Bitcoin.
“The Bitcoin protocol still has huge potential for anonymity,” says Sarah Meiklejohn, who led the research project, “but the way that people are using it is not achieving anonymity at all.”
Her analysis centered on the digital trail left by bitcoin transactions, a mechanism used to provide trust in a currency that lacks the backing of a government or any other authority. Software run by users of the currency collaborates over the Internet to maintain the global ledger, called the blockchain, which records every bitcoin transaction ever made (see “What Bitcoin Is, and Why It Matters”).
The blockchain records only the unique addresses of individual bitcoin “wallets,” not anything about the people using them. However, Meiklejohn and colleagues created maps from that record that could help law enforcement find companies that hold identifying information for specific users. An agency might, for example, follow the flow of bitcoins from an illegal transaction to a bitcoin exchange and then subpoena that company. “That would not be hard to do with the current patterns of how people are using things,” says Meiklejohn.
It is difficult to invest much in bitcoin or realize gains made in the bitcoin economy, lawful or otherwise, without using an exchange. The companies behind these exchanges handle millions of dollars' worth of trades each month giving them a clear incentive to coöperate with authorities and abide by financial regulations. Mt Gox requires a copy of government-issued photo ID and proof of address before a person can convert between conventional currencies and bitcoins.
Meiklejohn says she has discussed her research with representatives of one U.S. law enforcement agency, at their request. A paper on the work will be presented at the Internet Measurement Conference in Barcelona next month.
The researchers used two techniques to unravel the thicket of 12 million addresses and 16 million transactions in the blockchain, covering the movements of about four million bitcoins. First, a network map of all the addresses was made based on the transactions between them. Addresses clustered into tight groups suggested they belong to individual people or organizations.
That map was then enhanced by labeling addresses linked to known people or services. Some of the information needed to do that came from looking online for people or companies who had publicly shared their bitcoin addresses. The researchers also did business with nearly 100 different bitcoin companies and services to identify more addresses, buying a pile of goods from coffee to a Guy Fawkes mask.
The final map isn't yet complete, linking only 1.8 million addresses of the 12 million as belonging to a total of 2,197 entities, but it could be powerful. “These services that we could name do represent an important slice of what's happening,” says Meiklejohn.
The UCSD analysis suggests some easy places for law enforcement to start should they want to chase people using bitcoins for illegal transactions. For example, the researchers logged many transactions directly between Mt Gox and Silk Road, the marketplace where illegal drugs and other services are traded. That means a subpoena served on Mt Gox could immediately identify many people that had made use of Silk Road.
In theory, it might be possible to hide from such analysis using a “mixing service,” which for a fee jumbles up bitcoins from different sources. However, the services that exist are unreliable. They may never be able to launder large sums because hiding a large amount of cash, like the haul from a malware heist, would require having several similarly large amounts to mix them with.
The new research provides important evidence of how much Bitcoin's design limits user privacy, says Ian Miers, a grad student at Johns Hopkins University who leads work on Zerocoin, a prototype system that could be built into bitcoin or a similar digital currency and would guarantee fully anonymous transactions. Miers believes the UCSD group is the first to show the power of the approach used.
Many in the Bitcoin community remain unaware of the potential for such attacks, says Miers. “Although the Bitcoin developers themselves and some of the community are highly aware that Bitcoin is at least theoretically not private, it's not clear that the general user population is,” he says.
The UCSD study found evidence that some criminals, at least, do know Bitcoin's privacy is limited. In late 2012, one sophisticated thief stole 3,257 bitcoins – today worth over $400,000 – by spreading malware that transferred money from users of Bitcoin without their knowledge. Almost a year later, most of the stolen coins have gone nowhere, suggesting that the person who took them is struggling to cash out without revealing himself, says Meiklejohn.
China's first mind-controlled car has been developed by researchers in the north-east port city of Tianjin.
Researcher Zhang Zhao wearing a brain signal-reading equipment prepares to move a car with his brain wave, during a demonstration at Nankai University in Tianjin, China, November 17, 2015. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon
Chinese researchers have developed what they say is the country's first car that uses nothing but brain power to drive.
The research team from Nankai University, in the north-eastern Chinese port city of Tianjin, has spent two years bringing the mind-controlled vehicle to reality.
By wearing brain signal-reading equipment a driver can control the car to go forward, backwards, come to a stop, and both lock and unlock the vehicle, all without moving their hands or feet.
Researcher Zhang Zhao told Reuters the equipment comprises 16 sensors that capture EEG (electroencephalogram) signals from the driver's brain. They developed a computer program that selects the relevant signals and translates them, enabling control of the car.
“The tester's EEG signals are picked up by this (brain signal-reading) equipment and transmitted wirelessly to the computer. The computer processes the signals to categorize and recognize people's intention, then translates them into control command to the car. The core of the whole flow is to process the EEG signals, which is done on the computer,” said Zhang.
Associate Professor Duan Feng, from the university's College of Computer and Control Engineering, led the project. He emphasized that the technology is aimed at better serving human beings, and that it might soon be possible to combine brain controlled technology and driverless cars, such as the Google Self Driving Car (SDC).
“Driverless cars' further development can bring more benefits to us, since we can better realize functions relating to brain controlling with the help of the driverless cars' platform,” said Duan. “In the end, cars, whether driverless or not, and machines are serving for people. Under such circumstances, people's intentions must be recognized. In our project, it makes the cars better serve human beings.”
Duan said worries about potential road accidents caused by the driver being distracted while their brain was in control of his team's car were unfounded, because concentration was needed only when changing the vehicle's moving status, i.e. changing lanes or turning. Whether such an application would be enough to persuade drivers to get behind the wheel and control a car with their mind is far from certain, though.
The researchers say their initial idea was inspired by helping disabled people who are physically unable to steer cars.
“There are two starting points of this project. The first one is to provide a driving method without using hands or feet for the disabled who are unable to move freely; and secondly, to provide healthy people with a new and more intellectualized driving mode,” Zhang said.
At present the vehicle, in collaboration with Chinese car manufacturer Great Wall Motor, can only drive in a straight direction, and there are no plans to put it into production.
History promised a bonanza as AIK were welcomed by Falun in Jalas Arena this afternoon. A home team which won their first encounter with impressive numbers, 17-2, as well as 6-11 in Stockholm. Falun therefore totalled 43 – 8 after three games played against the Stockholm team and are now announced winners of the group stage of the Swedish Super League 2016/17.
AIK were in the limelight as they had to bring home three points in order to still have a chance of playing the finals, a chance now without reach as FCH beat Linköping earlier today. This limelight was fairly stolen by Falun as they proved what they're fully capable of after looking rather pale in their previous games. It took them a full eight minutes to break AIK's Engholm, something Johannes Larsson delicately did on volley after a precise pass from Adriansson. This Johannes Larsson was somehow forgotten as he was not registered for the game and therefore got a match penalty which put Falun in a five minutes long box play.
Falun forgot that they were playing the following five minutes with one man less and accordingly controlled the game. An additional two goals were scored in box play as a result, one by Galante and one by Emil Johansson.
Falun displayed absolute world class domination through experience and confidence as AIK's dreams of playing the finals were crushed. A Barcelona-like play lead to excessive amounts of paperwork noting goals and assists every other minute and AIK didn't show a sign of coming back until the beginning of the third period. They still had their dignity to play for as they showed strong signs of recovery despite being eight goals behind. However Falun's new 21-year old Mr. Aldeeb, who played his first game in the Super League, knocked them back down when he found Engholm's top corner with his premiere goal. Aldeeb was shortly thereafter noted for his second goal, beautifully assisted by Palmén. It's also noteworthy that they scored four goals during two and a half minutes and that Aldeeb scored two of them, proving to be nothing but another great decision by Brottman.
The scoreboard read 15-0 after three periods of therapeutic floorball and Falun have once again peacocked their potential in the finals. Dalen will host Falun in the final round of this season's Super League on the 11th of March, a substantially pointless game where both teams are playing the finals regardless. AIK will play Karlstad in the same round, a pointless game for AIK as they're not being relegated or playing the finals, although more important for Karlstad as they're currently facing relegation but have a chance of staying in the Super League for the next season.
Watch the 15-0 HIGHLIGHTS
Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group - 1.920 members! Become a member For lovers of floorball worldwide! Here you find the latest news about floorball!
Join the Floorball Worldwide Facebook Group
Buy Photo Louisville Cardinals' forward Ricardo Velazco passes the ball away from UMBC Retrievers' defender Oumar Ballo. 30 November 2014 (Photo: David R. Lutman/Special to The CJ)Buy Photo
The University of Louisville men's soccer team fell behind in the first half and couldn't break through in the second as it fell 1-0 to Maryland-Baltimore County on Sunday night at Dr. Mark & Cindy Lynn Stadium in the third round of the NCAA Tournament.
UMBC (14-5-4) now will face 12th-seeded Creighton in the quarterfinals.
As the final seconds ticked off the clock, several Cards fell on the turf at Lynn Stadium.
One of the last Cards to his feet was senior defender Daniel Keller.
"I loved playing for Ken (Lolla), the best coach in the country and Mario (Sanchez)," Keller said. "I was sad but also thankful for the last four a half years.
Story continues after the gallery.
"We regretted how we played in the first half," Keller said. "It leaves a sour taste in our mouths, especially my mouth because it was my last game as a Cardinal. I wish I could've brought a national championship to Louisville. I'm hurting right now."
Lolla said the Cards (11-8-3) didn't show up in the first half.
"In the first half, I felt like we wasted 45 minutes," Lolla said. "We didn't put into it what we did in the second half. We just weren't sharp (in the first half)."
Just as they did against Saint Louis, the Cardinals fell behind as UMBC scored on a penalty kick at the 23:08 mark of the first half.
MORE U of L: After UK win, U of L awaits bowl fate
The Cards were called for a handball just inside the box. It was so close, the referees conferred before making the call.
Mamadou Kansaye took the shot for the Retrievers and powered a shot into the left corner of the net, past U of L goalkeeper Joachim Ball.
Lolla called it a questionable call. "Maybe it was; maybe it wasn't," he said. "That was the difference in game."
The Cards only took four shots in the first half and their only shot on goal came in the 15th minute, when Tim Kubel fired in a long pass from 30 yards to the left side of the goal. Andrew Brody headed the ball toward the goal and UMBC goalkeeper Billy Heavner scooped it up.
In the second half, U of L finally took its fifth shot of the goal as Shane Campbell sent a header above the crossbar in the 61st minute.
The Cards really started to exert themselves and press the issue.
U of L had its best chances in the 72nd and 74th minutes.
First, Will Vitalis took a chance from Campbell in the box and his shot went wide right.
Two minutes later, Ricardo Velazco found himself alone on a breakaway and again, his shot went wide right.
The chances kept coming for the Cards.
In the 80th minute, Ivan Gutierrez fed Brody in the box and Heavner made the save on the header.
Less than two minutes later, Kubel raced toward the goal on the right side and his shot went wide left from 10 yards.
"I'm proud of the way we responded in the second half," Lolla said. "The lesson tonight — the lesson in life — is you have to be prepared to pursue it from the beginning every single day. If you don't, you have to face the consequences."
UMBC coach Pete Caringi Jr. said his team feels like a team of destiny.
"A lot of people don't know what we are," Caringi said. "Nationally, we'll never be recognized. We feed off that."
"To say we're a Cinderella story, I don't buy into that," said Kansaye, who scored the only goal.
UPDATE: 8,000 unique views! Wow! I'm incredibly flattered!
TVTropes Page
Plowpony's Day- a day of peaceful rest and relaxation. Or it was, until Twilight Sparkle badly mangled a teleportation spell. It has left her with a bad case of Horn Rot, a disease that if untreated could prove fatal. What's more, the malady is advancing faster than the slow-brewing potion that cures it!
There is one swifter cure: the Beneviolet, a star-shaped flower that grows in the distant Archback Mountains, far beyond the western borders of Equestria. Applejack, Rainbow Dash, and Rarity choose to undertake the long journey for the sake of their friend. Their path will wind through floes of ice, across gold-tinted plains, into distant forests glimmering with magic. They will learn much about the world beyond their homeland- and much about themselves, as well.
Yes, it's "Dangerous Business," here on FIMFiction. A huge debt is owed to all those who have supported me over the years. I've edited the story some to remove extraneous bolding and italics, but other than that, it remains unchanged. I hope new readers enjoy it as much as old ones did.
TVTropes Page
A Yum! Brands Inc. Taco Bell is shown in Encinitas, California,U.S., October 3, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake
(The Nov. 4 2016 story was refiled to Ccorrect paragraph 1 to say Taco Bell will increase U.S. restaurant count to 8,000 by end of 2022, not 9,000. Company corrects Nov. 4 news release.)
(Reuters) - Taco Bell Corp, a unit of Yum Brands Inc (YUM.N), said it would increase the number of restaurants in the United States to 8,000 and create 100,000 jobs by the end of 2022, as part of its push to reach $15 billion in sales.
Taco Bell, which operates about 7,000 restaurants in the United States, generated revenue of about $2 billion in 2015.
The Mexican food chain employs 40,000 people in company-owned stores in the United States.
Taco Bell's U.S. expansion follows its plans to grow its international store base to 1,000 restaurants by 2022.
The company, which has 300 restaurants in international markets, opened its first outlet in Brazil in September.
The planned hiring and expansion efforts come on the heels of Yum Brands' spinoff of its China operations, the company's top profit generator, into a separate unit called Yum China Inc (YUMC.N) earlier this week.
IP67 vs IP68: We explain how they're different and why you should care
IP67, IP68 and waterproofing are terms that are bound to surface when researching a smartphone – or even a smartwatch, for that matter. With MWC 2019 and the likely release of the Samsung Galaxy S10, Sony Xperia XZ4 and LG G8, it's important to understand just waterproof your new phone actually is.
IP67 vs IP68: What do IP ratings mean?
Firstly it's worth noting that there's a difference between being waterproof and water-resistant. Waterproof means something is impervious to water regardless of how long it is submerged, water-resistant means a product can stop water entering it to some degree, but not entirely. When we're talking about smartphones and smartwatch it's almost always about how water-resistant they are. They can't survive in water indefinitely.
Related: Nokia 9
IP is the name of the standard that was drawn up by the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) to determine how resistant an electrical device is to fresh water and common raw materials – like dirt, dust and sand.
The first digit after IP is the rating the IEC assigned a unit for its resistance to solids. In this case, it's six – which means no “harmful” dust or dirt seeped into the unit after being in direct contact with the matter eight-hours.
Solid Protection IP Code Protection 1 Protection from contact with any large surface of the body, such as the back of a hand, but no protection against deliberate contact with a body part 2 Protection from fingers or similar objects 3 Protection from tools, thick wires or similar objects 4 Protection from most wires, screws or similar objects 5 Partial protection from contact with harmful dust 6 Protection from contact with harmful dust
Next, we have the water resistance rating.
There are two leading ratings at present – seven and eight, with the former meaning that the device can be submerged in up to one meter of fresh water for half an hour, and the latter up to 1.5 meters for half an hour.
Moisture Protection IP Code Protection 1 Protection against vertically dripping water 2 Protection against vertically dripping water when device is tilted at an angle up to 15 degrees 3 Protection against direct sprays of water when device is tilted at an angle up to 60 degrees 4 Protection from sprays and splashing of water in all directions. 5 Protection from low-pressure water projected from a nozzle with a 6.3mm diameter opening in any direction 6 Protection from water projected in powerful jets from a nozzle with a 12.5mm diameter opening in any direction 7 Protected from immersion in water with a depth of up to 1 meter (or 3.3 feet) for up to 30 mins 8 Protected from immersion in water with a depth of more than 1 meter (manufacturer must specify exact depth)
And that's how IP ratings are formed.
To recap: IP67 means the unit can be dropped into a body of water up to a meter deep for half an hour, while IP68 guarantees protection in water up to 1.5m deep for the same period of time. Both are resistant to dust.
IP67 vs IP68: But what about other liquids?
Let's be clear here: the rating the International Electrotechnical Commission assigns is strictly for fresh water. That means it doesn't guarantee protection from submersion in other liquids – beer, coffee, salt water and soda, to name but a few.
Related: iPhone 9
So if you spill a pint of your favourite lager on an IP67 or IP68-rated handset and quickly shake it off, it should be fine, albeit a little smelly and sticky. But if you leave it to rest in the goop for a prolonged amount of time, it could break… for good.
IP67 vs IP68: Can I swim with my smartphone?
We certainly wouldn't recommend swimming with your phone. When the IEC tests a smartphone it's done under lab conditions, with the handset in standby mode – not in a swimming pool full of various chemicals used to cleanse the water.
The same applies to the ocean. Seawater is full of salt, a mineral device-makers stress isn't tested when the unit is being put through its paces for an IP rating, so we'd also strongly suggest steering clear of that.
In 2015, Sony released promotional photos showing a new IP68-certified Xperia handset being used to take a picture underwater. It later controversially altered its stance, warning buyers not to use the device underwater.
Related: Best Smartphone
“Remember not to use the device underwater,” the firm said in a statement issued to customers. “The IP rating of your device was achieved in laboratory conditions in standby mode, so you should not use the device underwater,” it added.
An HTC advert featuring the HTC U11 in a swimming pool was actually banned by the UK's advertising authority for suggesting the phone could safely be used in a pool.
IP67 vs IP68: What else do I need to know?
It's always worth checking the documentation on a manufacturer's website to see what, if any, exceptions to the rating it's drawn up. Apple, for example, has some strict caveats for the Apple Watch's water resistance, with different versions having different ratings.
On its website, it writes:
Is my Apple Watch waterproof?
Your Apple Watch is water resistant, but not waterproof.* For example, you may wear and use your Apple Watch during exercise (exposure to sweat is OK), in the rain, and while washing your hands. Can I go swimming or take a shower with my Apple Watch?
Apple Watch Series 1 and Apple Watch (1st generation) are splash and water resistant, but submerging Apple Watch Series 1 and Apple Watch (1st generation) isn't recommended. Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 3 may be used for shallow water activities like swimming in a pool or ocean. However, Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 3 shouldn't be used for scuba diving, water skiing, or other activities involving high velocity water or submersion below shallow depth. Showering with Apple Watch Series 2 and Apple Watch Series 3 is ok, but we recommend not exposing Apple Watch to soaps, shampoos, conditioners, lotions, and perfumes as they can negatively affect water seals and acoustic membranes. Apple Watch should be cleaned with fresh water and dried with a lint free-cloth if it comes in contact with anything other than fresh water. Water resistance isn't a permanent condition and may diminish over time. Apple Watch can't be rechecked or resealed for water resistance. The following may affect the water resistance of your Apple Watch and should be avoided: Dropping Apple Watch or subjecting it to other impacts.
Exposing Apple Watch to soap or soapy water, for example while showering or bathing.
Exposing Apple Watch to perfume, solvents, detergent, acids or acidic foods, insect repellent, lotions, sunscreen, oil, or hair dye.
Exposing Apple Watch to high velocity water, for example while water skiing.
Wearing Apple Watch in the sauna or steam room.
Not all bands are appropriate for water use. For example, the stainless steel and leather bands aren't water resistant and shouldn't be exposed to liquids. Related: iPhone XS
This just goes to show that when a product is promoted as water-resistant there are caveats to keep it working in perfect order. Always check the manufacturer's fine print if you're not sure and be careful if you've dropped your phone or smartwatch as this might have compromised the water-resistant seals, even if it's not obvious by looking at it.
Banksy's much-hyped return to New York may have been so popular and well-publicized that the work has already been defaced, but this week also marked pun artist Hanksy's triumphant return to the streets of New York (hat tip to Videogum for alerting us) with what may be his single greatest achievement yet: Gandalfini.
It's listed vaguely on Hanksy's Tumblr as located in “NYC,” (along with the caption “One bada-bing to rule them all”), though Bowery Boogie reports that this comforting specter is located on Orchard and Grand. Now granted, I've always been more of a Hanksy fan in general (visual puns > pictures of balloons), but even objectively “Gandalfini” feels like a fairly seminal achievement. By swapping out a single vowel from Gandolfini's name, Hanksy has managed to create a spooky, mesmerizing amalgamation of two of the 21st century's very favorite father figures. Also, it is a very good joke and we wish we'd thought of it. Excellent work as usual. Never change.
Follow Virginia K. Smith on Twitter @vksmith.
Wayne Rooney could miss out when Gareth Southgate names his latest England squad on Thursday
Wayne Rooney's international future hangs in the balance as England boss Gareth Southgate considers his options ahead of his latest squad announcement.
The Three Lions face Scotland and France next month and Rooney could miss out when Southgate names his squad for the two games on Thursday.
England's all-time leading goalscorer has struggled for form and fitness in recent months and has netted just eight times this season - the lowest total of his entire career at Manchester United.
England face Scotland and France next month
Southgate is expected to select four strikers in his squad and, with Harry Kane, Marcus Rashford, Jamie Vardy, Daniel Sturridge and Jermain Defoe all pushing for a place, Rooney could miss out - effectively ending his 14-year international career.
Premier League Golden Boot winner Kane is likely to feature in both the World Cup Qualifier against Scotland on June 10 and the June 13 friendly in France after enjoying another sensational season with Tottenham.
Scott Sinclair says an international call-up 'would be great' - but he's concentrating on Celtic and Saturday's Scottish Cup final Scott Sinclair says an international call-up 'would be great' - but he's concentrating on Celtic and Saturday's Scottish Cup final
The 23-year-old is yet to play under Southgate after missing England's last six games with two separate ankle injuries.
Rashford's possible inclusion would rule him out of the Under-21 European Championship later this summer, although Southampton duo Nathan Redmond and James Ward-Prowse are likely to drop back down to the Young Lions for the tournament in Poland.
Marcus Rashford's possible inclusion would rule him out of the Under-21 European Championship in Poland later this summer
Sturridge could also be included at the expense of Rooney and Defoe after returning to full fitness, although the Liverpool striker has made just 11 starts for the Reds this season.
Southgate has a number of options to choose from in goal, with Jack Butland fit again after a 12-month lay-off.
Jack Butland could return to the England squad after a length lay-off
Sunderland goalkeeper Jordan Pickford could also challenge Joe Hart, Fraser Forster and Tom Heaton for a place in the Three Lions squad.
Danny Rose and Luke Shaw, however, have been ruled out of the two games, leaving Ryan Bertrand as the likeliest option at left-back.
ICE CHIPS: The KOOTENAY ICE finished the EASTERN CONFERENCE QUARTER-FINAL against the CALGARY HITMEN with a 3-4 record (1-2 at home, 2-2 on the road, 1-2 in overtime)…KOOTENAY finished the 2014-15 regular season with a 37-31-1-3 record (21-13-1-1 at home, 16-18-0-2 on the road, 6-1 in overtime, 3-3 in shootouts) and in fourth place in the CENTRAL DIVISION and seventh place in the new playoff wildcard standings…The ICE clinched a playoff berth for the 17th consecutive season, the longest active streak in the WHL…KOOTENAY completed the regular season with a .500 or better record for a WHL record 16th straight year.
PLAYOFF EXPERIENCE: KOOTENAY holds a career playoff record of 96-77 (51-33 at home, 45-44 on the road, 25-14 in overtime)…The ICE have played in 32 playoff series in franchise history and hold an 18-14 career record…SAM REINHART (36), JAEDON DESCHENEAU (29) and LUKE PHILP (28) lead KOOTENAY in career playoff games played…REINHART leads the ICE in career playoff scoring with 35 points (13-22-35)…DESCHENEAU is second with 31 points (15-16-31)…KOOTENAY faced CALGARY in the post-season for the fifth time in franchise history (2-3 career playoff series record).
DID YOU KNOW: LUKE PHILP has been named the BOSTON PIZZA TOP PLAYOFF PERFORMER for 2015 after recording 12 points (5-7-12) in seven games…PHILP is ranked 172nd among NORTH AMERICAN SKATERS in the NHL CENTRAL SCOUTING FINAL RANKINGS for the 2015 Draft… TIM BOZON was re-assigned to the HAMILTON BULLDOGS of the AMERICAN HOCKEY LEAGUE April 8…SAM REINHART was re-assigned to the ROCHESTER AMERICANS of the AMERICAN HOCKEY LEAGUE April 8…RINAT VALIEV was re-assigned to the TORONTO MARLIES of the AMERICAN HOCKEY LEAGUE April 8…VALIEV matched a club record for most goals in a game by a defenseman (two) March 31 against CALGARY, sharing the mark with MATT WALKER (March 31, 2000) and JAGGER DIRK (March 24, 2014)…JAEDON DESCHENEAU registered at least one point in all seven playoff games for the ICE…CALE FLEURY recorded his first career playoff point (assists) April 6 against the HITMEN…LENNY HACKMAN recorded his first career playoff point (assist) April 1 versus CALGARY…TIM BOZON amassed a career high five points in one game March 31 against the HITMEN (2-3-5)…KOOTENAY set a new franchise record for most goals in a playoff game between both teams (15) March 31 versus the HITMEN…The previous record of 13 was first set March 29, 2003 at KAMLOOPS (ICE 6 at BLAZERS 7) before being matched March 24, 2014 against CALGARY (ICE 6 vs. HITMEN 7 OT).
WEEK IN REVIEW:
Tuesday, March 31 – Kootenay 7 vs. Calgary 8 (OT) – Record 1-2 – Attendance: 2,126
Goals:
1 – Reinhart (2) from Bozon and Murray
2 – Bozon (1) from Vetterl and Alfaro
3 – Reinhart (3) from Cable and Bozon
4 – Bozon (2) from Reinhart
5 – Valiev (1) from King and Bozon
6 – Alfaro (1) from Philp and Descheneau
7 – Valiev (2) from Philp and Descheneau
Goaltender: Wyatt Hoflin (30 Saves, 8 GA)
Wednesday, April 1 – Kootenay 2 vs. Calgary 7 – Record 1-3 – Attendance: 2,147
Goals:
1 – Descheneau (3) from Reinhart and Hackman
2 – King (2) from Valiev and Philp
Goaltender: Wyatt Hoflin (33 Saves, 6 GA)
Friday, April 3 – Kootenay 5 at Calgary 4 (OT) – Record 2-3 – Attendance: 9,121
Goals:
1 – Valiev (3) from Philp and Reinhart (PP)
2 – Cable (1) from Philp and Bozon
3 – Philp (3) from Descheneau and Murray (SH)
4 – Reinhart (4) from Bozon and Philp (PP)
5 – Philp (4) from Cable and Alfaro
Goaltender: Wyatt Hoflin (24 Saves, 4 GA)
Saturday, April 4 – Kootenay 4 vs. Calgary 2 – Record 3-3 – Attendance: 2,645
Goals:
1 – Bozon (3) from Cable and King (PP)
2 – Descheneau (4) unassisted
3 – Philp (5) from Bozon
4 – Reinhart (5) from Descheneau (PP, EN)
Goaltender: Wyatt Hoflin (25 Saves, 2 GA)
Monday, April 6 – Kootenay 2 at Calgary 6 – Record 3-4 – Attendance: 7,191
Goals:
1 – Reinhart (6) from Fleury
2 – Descheneau (5) unassisted
Goaltender: Wyatt Hoflin (29 Saves, 6 GA)
C. Editing "prefab_name"
"HumanMale" with "Berlin:Story/HumanMaleBlitz"
[www.daveofdeath.com]
[Campaign]:[Faction]/[Namewithoutspace]
HongKong:Red Samurai/HumanMaleRedSamuraiCaptain Berlin:KnightErrants/HumanMaleKnightErrantCaptain
You can still equip different armors but your model won't change anymore. You'll always look like whatever you morphed into. This includes disguises such as Tsang maintenance, Aztechnology or Knights Errants, which is a bit immersion-breaking but otherwise they still work as intended.
You can select a non-human ( even non-living) form but you will be missing some animations ( or all animations if you decide to become an explosive barrel). It's quite random, a fire spirit can equip a deck on its back but it doesn't have an animation for launching grenade. I'd recommend sticking to (meta-)human characters if you don't want any visual bugs.
The models are purely comestic, I recommend you choose the correct race and gender when you create your character to avoid weird inconsistencies.
Always make a backup of your saved game !
Changing the model is relatively easy as there is only one value to change. Once you have loaded the saved game you want to edit, follow this path :1. Find the line that saysand browse its collection, you'll see something like this :2. Make sure that you've selected( The one that says "1.isogame.SaveStoryBlock" in my case, otherwise you will not modify the current save. Once you've selected the correct save state, simply browse the collection of( as shown on the picture above ). This open the following menu :3. Your character is selected by default so you do not need to change anything on the left, simply scroll down to find the lineand edit its value to display the character you wish to use.In my case I want to play as Blitz so I replaced :You can find the name of your prefab in various places : in the shadowrun editor, or more easily on this website. Please respect the following syntax :Sometimes, factions that have a name with 2 words will drop the space and sometimes won't :So watch out for that if you use the website I linked. You can always look up the exact name in the Shadowrun Editor to be sure. Validate your choices,and then load up the game to see your new model :Additional notes :
Here we go again. Whenever the subject of taxes comes up—and it's come up in the debate over the Obama administration's decision to let many of the Bush-era tax cuts expire this year—we're treated to a chorus of complaints that people who make $250,000 a year aren't really rich. Raising taxes on these people, we're told, would be raising taxes on the middle class. Media Matters has assembled a few choice quotes on the topic.
As I argued in an article in August 2008, now reprised and updated, I have two pieces of bad news for the over-$250,000 crowds. First, the reversal of some of the temporary Bush tax cuts is probably inevitable, given the appalling mismanagement of fiscal affairs between 2001 and 2008. (It's rich when Bush-era economic officials, like Edward Lazear, Greg Mankiw, and Keith Hennessey, carp about the fiscal situation.) Second, for those of you making more than $250,000, I regret to inform you yet again: Yes, you are indeed rich—any way you slice it.
To a surprising degree, feeling rich or poor is a state of mind. There are people who pull down $3 million a year who are miserable and feel strapped for cash and people who make $30,000 a year who believe they have everything they need. But income data can surely tell us something. And they tell us that $250,000 puts you in pretty fancy company, especially after the collective pratfall the economy took in 2008. The Census Bureau last summer reported that real median household income was $50,303 in 2008, down 3.6 percent from 2007. It's likely that figure fell further in 2009. So a household that's making $250,000 today is making about five times the median. In fact, as this chart shows, only 2.476 million U.S. households, the top 2.1 percent, had income greater than $250,000 in 2008. (About 20 percent of households make more than $100,000.)
In dealing with aggregate nationwide numbers, we should of course take account of the significant differences in the cost of living from state to state. $250,000 doesn't go as far in Santa Barbara or Manhattan—in most places, actually, where television anchors and their on-air guests live—as it does in, say, Paducah, Ky. As census data show, state median incomes vary from $67,508 in New Hampshire to $37,416 in Mississippi. But even in wealthy states, $250,000 ain't bad—it's nearly four times the median income in wealthy states like Colorado, Massachusetts, and Connecticut. And even if you look at the wealthiest metropolitan areas—Washington ($85,236), San Francisco ($76,068), Boston ($70,334), and New York ($63,957)—a quarter of a million dollars a year dwarfs the median income.
But people in Georgetown mansions don't necessarily compare themselves with fellow Washingtonians in Anacostia. Relative income works mostly at the neighborhood level. As we know from the work of Cornell economist Robert Frank, people assess their well-being not so much on how much they make and consume, but on how much they make and consume compared with their neighbors. After all, you have to compete with them for status and for important positional goods such as housing and schools. And here the $250,000-isn't-rich crowd has a point. In a few ZIP codes and neighborhoods, to be sure, brandishing a $250,000 salary is like bringing a knife to a gunfight. There are significant numbers of rich people—including a healthy contingent of filthy rich people—in places like New York City and San Francisco. If you want to live in a neighborhood where starter homes cost $1 million, and you want to send your kids to private schools, and you want to go on great vacations and have a beach house, then $250,000 likely won't cut it. When the investment banker down the street just got a $2 million bonus, the knowledge that you're doing better than 98 percent of your fellow Americans is little solace.
But the places where $250,000 stretches you are few and far between: some of the swankier East Coast and Chicago suburbs, several neighborhoods in Manhattan, chunks of the California coast. Even in the most exclusive communities where the wealthy congregate, $250,000 is still pretty good coin. Consider this: In late 2008 Forbes ranked America's 25 wealthiest neighborhoods. In all of them, someone makes $250,000 a year would probably not be able to afford his dream house. But in all of them, someone makes $250,000 would be doing better than most of his neighbors.
Once again, I await the tidal wave of e-mails, blog posts, and comments from hardworking, self-made people who earn $250,000 a year but don't feel financially secure and don't consider themselves rich, especially compared with the venture capitalist next door. Having spent my entire adult life in and around Washington, Boston, and New York, I feel your pain. I'm eager to listen and empathize. Tell me all about how insanely expensive housing is in any area with good public schools. Tell me about how many seemingly undeserving neighbors make so much more than you do. Tell me about how you want an income tax system that accounts for geographic differences in the cost of living (the Alternative Yuppie Tax?). Just don't tell me you're not rich.
Become a fan of Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
The Israeli military said Thursday that militants in the Gaza Strip have test-fired rockets into the Mediterranean Sea, in an apparent attempt to show off their capabilities amid increased tensions in the wake of this week's deadly synagogue attack.
Four rockets were fired in the past 24 hours, the military said, without elaborating on the test or type of rockets fired. There was no immediate confirmation from Palestinian officials in Gaza.
Israel and Gaza's Hamas rulers fought a 50-day war over the summer that claimed more than 2,100 Palestinian and 70 Israeli lives.
Story continues below advertisement
At the time, Israel said it launched the operation to halt Hamas' rocket attacks from Gaza — rockets that now have the ability to reach Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and other Israeli cities. And though the rocket fire continued throughout the war, it was largely neutralized by Israel's "Iron Dome" aerial defence system.
Tensions in the region have spiked in recent weeks, largely over a disputed holy site in Jerusalem sacred to both Muslims and Jews. Palestinian attackers have killed 11 people in five separate incidents, including Tuesday's storming of a Jerusalem synagogue that killed four worshippers and an Israeli policeman. At least five Palestinians involved in the attacks were killed.
The violence has prompted anti-Arab demonstrations by Israeli right-wingers. On Wednesday, Mayor Itamar Shimoni of the southern Israeli city of Ashkelon suspended Israeli Arab labourers from work. They were renovating bomb shelters at local day-care centres.
The move drew criticism on Thursday, including from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who said "there is no place for discrimination against Israeli Arabs." Economy Minister Naftali Bennett, who anchors the far right wing of Netanyahu's coalition, insisted that "99 per cent of Israeli Arabs are completely loyal" to Israel.
Arab Israelis make up about 20 per cent of Israel's population of 8 million people. Tensions over the Jerusalem holy site have infiltrated into their community as well, prompting angry demonstrations and in one case, the fatal police shooting of an Arab Israeli man who approached a police car wielding a knife.
How to get your stolen bike back.
The saga of my past two months ended with the most whirlwind, petrifying two days. Without any further exposition, here we go.
In December of 2008, Harry decided he wanted to get an awesome bike. He had been riding the same Centurion for years and wanted to upgrade to something new. Still vintage, but with nicer components. Something that could still take a beating. I had also made this decision since I had just gotten my first big girl job and was commuting via train. There's only so often I want to lift a 35 pound bicycle. So I called a guy in San Jose that had a really beautiful bike that I was interested in. He had already sold it, but asked what I was looking for, because he sells a lot of bikes. I told him what I wanted, and I also told him what Harry wanted. That night, he emailed me with a link to the most beautiful Bianchi I've ever seen. It was $550 and I took the train to San Jose (Harry was in Austin) the next morning at 6 a.m. to pick it up before work.
He rode it for three months. The only thing changed was the addition of SPD pedals instead of the Look pedals that came with it. The little thing was a champ - needed a new tire at one point, and the bottom bracket was kind of squeaky, but these are things that happen with used bikes.
On March 19th, Harry went to the 16th Street Safeway and locked up with a cable lock to their bike rack. The bike rack is right outside the doors and is under a box that people would presume holds a security camera. He locked up at 7:30. At 7:55 I got a text saying the bike was stolen. This, of course, makes me lose my damn mind. The Safeway manager refused to speak with him until a police report was filed and pointed him instead to the security for the complex. He filed a report with them, and they were all too fast to tell him that he box hanging above the rack doesn't have a camera in it, so there's no footage to review. Called the police, waited for hours, ended up coming home when they never showed.
I made a post on the 20th to craigslist saying it was stolen, showing photos of it, and hoping that someone would see it around the mission and give us a tip. (San Francisco has an amazing, very large cycling community, and I figured it would help.) No leads, but I got a lot of emails relating similar stories, sharing tips about where I could look, and just outright sympathy. The outpouring of concern over a bicycle that didn't mean anything to anyone but us was overwhelming and I am truly grateful for it. It helped me to mourn the loss of bike that I really, really loved.
Mourning didn't mean giving up. Mourning meant spending every day for the next two months repeatedly checking craigslist for it. And not just San Francisco - L.A. and Sacramento too, as I was told that sometimes bikes are stolen in huge groups in one city and then transported to another city in order to make them harder to trace. So all three craigslists were constantly on my radar. My heart would skip every time I saw a 57cm Bianchi, but they were never the right bike. The stickers on the frame were wrong, the stem was wrong, the bars weren't wrapped right, the brake hoods were the wrong shape, and it just goes on and on. I knew this bike.
On May 7th, I was just searching for bikes - by now I was still searching for the Bianchi every day, but I had started to let it go. I knew we were never seeing it again. And then, there it was.
Bianchi Roadbike: Celeste & Campy– 57cm – [fits 5'10 - 6'0] (mission district)
The tires were changed, the saddle was different, and there was a new blue bottle cage on it. This was the bike. And I started to panic.
I immediately pulled out all of our photos. I uploaded six decent res (1100x800) photos to Flickr the day we got it. I took a photo of it on the train on my way back from buying it to send to all my bike nerd friends. The ad had super high res photos as well that helped me to compare important pieces of information about it. We didn't have a police report. How were we possibly going to get this back? So I did what any girl living in a city where she doesn't really know anyone would do: I contacted the internet.
“The internet”, in this case, is Allan Hough, writer and editor of Mission Mission, one of the most read blogs in San Francisco. “Dear Allan, you're my only hope.”, the hyperbolic email started. So he emailed me back within minutes saying he was happy to do a post to raise awareness, but didn't know anything about the legal aspects. Harry and I debated a lot over what to do. Would the seller see the post and disappear with the bike? Because ultimately, this was not about revenge or screwing someone over, this was about getting my bike back to me, right the hell now.
We did three things. Allan made his post with all of my information proving that it was our bike. Harry sent the seller an email expressing interest in buying it. And I sent an email saying that it was my stolen bike and I would like it back.
My email is the controversial one. But I truly believed - and still do, beyond a shadow of a doubt - that the seller is not the person who stole my bike. And I don't think the person who sold it to him is who stole my bike. Flipping bikes is a big market here. I believe the bike changed hands many, many times, and there is no way to get back to the person who stole it. I didn't want this kid to get screwed, but I wanted to rely on his potential kindness and see if I could just get the thing back. This was a suggestion from Allan - who ended that same email with “I dunno. Might get shot.”
He posted it, and I was off to my favorite home base, Shotwell's. I spoke with the bar patrons there (we're all regulars) about how nervous I was. I checked the MM comments obsessively looking for new advice. Harry came to the bar after work, and what we ultimately decided to do was go to the cops.
They were, let's say, uninterested. (I will say incredibly good things about the SFPD soon, but that time has not yet come.) We filed a report, but they did not believe it was our bike. They only cared about a serial number. Not a single one of them knew anything about bikes and assumed all bikes were identical - you buy it from a shop, it looks like this, they made thousands of them, we can't prove this one was yours. This was not a stock bike. Most older bicycles aren't. I'd think that living in a huge cycling district, they would know that. But they didn't. We filed our report, dejected, and went home. They gave us a number to call the next day where we could give our further information and plead our case that it belonged to us.
When I got home, I had an email from the seller. He bought it from someone else at a bike swap, a guy who's relatively well known in the cycling community and used to be a coach, thought it was a good deal and he wanted to spruce it up a bit and resell it. He would be happy to give it to me, but spent $400 on it and just wanted his money back.
And I can understand that. If I was in his position, I wouldn't want to lose $400. I debated a long time over how to handle this and not screw this kid over. I, of course, posted this to the MM comments. People were on the side of not giving him $400, under any circumstances. I needed to figure out some way to get this back and not lose $400, and I also needed to not get hurt. One of us is 5'10", super athletic, super skinny and fast. One of us is 5'4", a little chubby, and totally nonthreatening. We do not have big friends. There's no “busting heads” that will occur here.
While at Shotwell's on Thursday, I wrote a haiku and drew a little illustration of the bike. Dave, one of my two favorite bartenders in this city (for the curious, the other one is Tom, who co-owns the same bar) posted it up on their wall and drew people's attention to it. This sounds stupid, but that little haiku generated a lot of conversation. When I rolled up into the bar the next day, people asked me about it. And they asked me about the MM post, which had been by now lovingly picked up by SFist. “You're not going to give him $400, are you?” I wasn't.
We went to the cops. Harry had called the inspector earlier in the day and told him we had a meeting set up. He said to come to the mission police department 90 minutes before the meeting and that there would be someone to accompany us. The police there gave me a phone number of an undercover cop, who asked me to meet him at Weird Fish, a restaurant just a block down.
I don't want to post the whole story - and I know this is a letdown if you've followed this saga so far - because it was a truly beautifully organized operation that went down, and I don't want to compromise that security for future operations. I had no idea they actually operated like this and even now that I've been a part of it, it's insane to believe that it happened. The two brilliant, wonderful SFPD officers we met at Weird Fish were bike people. We talked components, we talked frame, I talked so much that they eventually laughed and told me that I could stop because they had long believed me. So the details are going to be left out, but here's the jist:
We were both taken to a restaurant we had agreed to meet the guy at. We looked the bike over, had a chat with him. It took me less than ten seconds to know it was our bike. The signal was for Harry to take his hat off. And about twenty seconds later, four police officers, two undercover and two in black and white, appeared out of nowhere and guided the young gentleman to the side. They were as discreet as four cops outside a restaurant with a patio can be. Cuffed him and guided (actually guided, not pushed) him over to a wall so he could just lean up against it and not have every passerby know he was handcuffed. I didn't overhear the conversation, because I didn't want to. I am sincerely sorry this kid got caught up in the middle of it. It's not his fault that he's a casualty. But after everyone's advice, I decided that I can't take responsibility for him. He is not my problem: getting my stolen bike back was my problem.
And there it was. We put the Bianchi in the back of the car. A police officer drove us back to the station and we were free to go. I was told that the kid wouldn't be arrested, because he had a good chance to explain his story too. The police were understanding and firm at the same time. They were in it to defend us, and they were in it to defend against bike theft. The amount of care they put into my silly bicycle was absolutely astonishing and I can't be more pleased with how the situation was handled.
So here are the tips I picked up along the way, things I legitimately didn't know and got to learn through the power of the internet.
- Keep a file with your serial number in it. Take a photo of it with your phone and keep it with you. The serial number is not important to people who know bikes, but the initial police officers will not even have a conversation with you if you don't have this number. That is the only reason we needed it, and we didn't have it, because we are idiots.
- Document everything. Photos of all the components, of the whole bike, of you with the bike. Date them somehow.
- Do something noticeable to the bike. The chain lock that he used to keep on his seat tube rubbed against the frame and scratched the paint. We knew this and it ended up helping. If you don't want to scratch your bike up, and you shouldn't, keep a photo of yourself in the seat tube. That way you can take the seat post out and pull the photo out and show them that it's yours. No one else should have a photo of you in their bike.
- You can file a police report online. Harry waited for hours and gave up because he was hungry, mad and tired. Police respond to calls with three levels of importance. A stolen old bike is of C level importance, and in a neighborhood like this, they just don't have time to get to all of it. We could have filed a report online, but didn't know any better and didn't think to look.
- Cable locks are worthless. The SFPD actually advised us against full-size U-locks and said mini u-locks are the way to go. Large ones can be pried apart. Mini ones are going to be too tight to get anything else inside and you can't get any leverage.
Special thanks here go to the SFPD, obviously, because they were amazing, Shotwell's Bar at 20th & Shotwell (and obviously David Hall and Tom Madonna, who were incredibly supportive and almost as excited as we were about getting it back), Brock Keeling and Allan Hough. I don't know many people here. I am a nerd. The only thing I could think of to do was raise awareness. The amount of publicity we got - there are people I don't hardly know that hugged me when we rolled up into Shotwell's for the second time on Friday night and Harry got off the Bianchi. Everyone I met was talking about it, and that is not a thing I could do just by myself.
It also got people talking. So many people with stolen bikes that have all this knowledge that can help out. I didn't have any idea what to do and I didn't know anyone personally who could help me, so the internet gave me a hand. Emailing Allan was the greatest thing I could have possibly done to raise awareness and get people talking about an all-too-common serious problem. We have our Bianchi back. If this happens to you, I sincerely hope you can be as lucky as we were and get your bikes back where they belong.
Marc St. Aubin, a resident of this house in Montgomery County, was found slain in the driveway in early March, the night before this photograph was taken. The home sits off Laughlin Lane in the Norbeck area of the county. (Dan Morse/The Washington Post)
From the beginning, the March 3 slaying of Marc St. Aubin at a large Montgomery County home had the hallmarks of a chaotic crime — the victim was found beaten and stabbed in a driveway, another man showed up at a hospital with gunshot wounds, and there were numerous people in the home during the attack.
On Sunday, police said they had made an arrest in the case and revealed details of just how chaotic the scene was.
Police alleged that an armed group entered the house to rob the place. One of the intruders, Tavon Miles, 26, stabbed and beat St. Aubin, 23, police said. Miles ended up being shot during the melee, and evidence thus far suggests that St. Aubin may have shot him. Others at the scene tried to remove guns, marijuana and a safe from the home before officers arrived, police said.
St. Aubin was one of several tenants at the $700,000 home, which sits atop a small rise along winding Laughlin Lane in the Norbeck portion of the county. An affable snowboarder, St. Aubin had been charged in the past with possession of oxycodone pills. Miles, who lives on Framingham Drive in Gaithersburg, has a much longer record, going back to at least 2007, according to court records.
In this latest case, Miles was trying to steal marijuana and cash, said Capt. Paul Starks, a police spokesman. Detectives charged Miles with first-degree murder, armed robbery and first-degree burglary, and he remains held without bond. Detectives continue to investigate.
Tavon Miles (Montgomery County Police)
“That house was targeted because the suspects believed there was cash and drugs there,” Starks said.
On the night of March 3, police were called to the home about 10:30 for a report of a shooting. They arrived to find St. Aubin's body in the driveway, with a gun holster — but no gun — in the small of his back.
A short time later, police received word that a man, later identified as Miles, had been dropped off at a nearby hospital, having been shot three times, Starks said.
While he was being treated, doctors and nurses discovered a bullet in his clothing that matched the caliber of those police were discovering at the home.
The exact sequence of events inside the house remains unclear, but detectives believe that at least one person tried to take St. Aubin to the hospital. Others tried to remove guns, the safe and marijuana. Police found the marijuana, the safe and some of the guns, Starks said. Detectives are investigating who owned the items.
Police think the bullets found in the home and the bullet found in Miles's clothing came from the same weapon — and that St. Aubin owned a registered gun of the same caliber as the bullets. Police had yet to find this weapon.
Police had to wait until Miles was released from the hospital before charging him with St. Aubin's slaying.
Miles has an extensive record. At 19, he was arrested in Prince George's County and charged with possession of burglary tools, theft and other offenses. He appears to have served about six months in jail in that case, according to online court records.
Miles was arrested again — including in a case in Washington County, Md., for assault, and one in Montgomery for selling $50 worth of crack during an undercover police operation at a Damascus apartment complex. He pleaded guilty in the Montgomery case, and on July 20, 2012, appeared before Circuit Court Judge Marielsa Bernard to be sentenced.
“I learned my lesson about what I did or whatever,” Miles told the judge. “Just trying to make it right. Do my time, come home, do what I got to do for my kids.”
Bernard asked him about his children. Miles said he had two boys, one 2, the other younger.
Bernard gave Miles nine months in jail, fashioning the sentence so he could spend part of that time in a work-release center, to be followed by supervised probation. By February of this year, Miles's recent arrests were catching up with him. On March 6, he was to appear in court for violating his probation. He didn't make it, though, because he was in the hospital recovering from the gunshot injuries — suffered just three days earlier.
The openly anti-Semitic mayor of Ankara, the capital of Turkey, has engaged in another ugly tirade against Jews, blaming the Israeli intelligence service Mossad for last week's deadly terrorist attacks in France.
Ibrahim Melih GökÃ§ek, a member of President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's ruling Justice and Development Party, told a youth congress on Sunday that Israel was angry with France for having voted in favor of Palestinian statehood resolution at a United Nations Security Council meeting last month.
“Israel certainly doesn't want this sentiment to expand in Europe. That's why it is certain that Mossad is behind these kinds of incidents. Mossad inflames Islamophobia by causing such incidents,” GökÃ§ek said, according a report in the Turkish newspaper Zaman.
“Palestine being recognized as a state is why these [attacks] have taken place,” the mayor concluded.
As The Algemeiner reported yesterday, Erdoğan himself is also leaning towards conspiracy theory as a means of explaining the Islamist terror that has gripped France. “French citizens carry out such a massacre, and Muslims pay the price. That's very meaningful … Doesn't their intelligence organization track those who leave prison?” the president said at a joint news conference with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. Erdoğan also lashed out at Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's presence at the Paris unity rally on Sunday, asking, “How can a man who has killed 2,500 people in Gaza with state terrorism wave his hand in Paris, like people are waiting in excitement for him to do so? How dare he go there?”
Erdoğan, whose prime minister Ahmet Davutoglu was dispatched to the Paris rally, did not condemn any of the Islamist terrorist atrocities in France last week, nor offer his condolences to the families of the victims.
Like his master Erdoğan, who has a long track record of anti-Semitic statements – including the claim made at the height of last summer's war in Gaza that Israel is “worse than Hitler,” – GökÃ§ek has made no secret of his loathing of both the Jewish state and the Jewish community in Turkey.
Last June, he blamed protests in Istanbul's Gezi Park on the “Jewish Lobby” in America. The following month, GökÃ§ek declared that the Israeli embassy in Ankara “will be taken… The despicable murderers' Consulate has to be kicked out of Turkey. We do not want an Embassy in Turkey of the murderers!”
On Saturday, May 28th, the inaugural Fried Pie Con will kick off at the 2nd & Charles store in Kennesaw, Georgia. A joint effort between Oni Press, Fried Pie Comics, and 2nd & Charles, the event will feature appearances from awesome creators like Jen Van Meter (Hopeless Savages), Monica Gallagher (Part- Time Princesses), Yuko Ota (Lucky Penny, Adventure Time: Candy Capers) and Tessa Stone (Buzz), Jackie Lewis (Lion of Rora, Merry Men), Cara McGee, Samantha Knapp (Welcome to Showside), Emily Helen, and Elizabeth Enright.
Spencer Simpson of Fried Pie Comics said in a press release, “We're excited about any chance to spotlight the incredibly talented people of Comics and Pop Culture, whether they've done a Fried Pie Variant for us or just happen to be involved in the books we love.”
Shy Allott, Director of Sales at Oni Press, explained “We've long been in the business of shining a light on new and talented creators of all kinds. Looking at the strong comic community based in Atlanta, we felt the 2nd & Charles in Kennesaw would be the perfect location for the launch of a convention that celebrates both established comic professionals, and a new generation of creators.”
Fried Pie Con is scheduled to start at 11 a.m. on the 28th, and feature meet-and-greets with creators, panels, a gaming tournament, and more. Scott Kappler, Vice President of Marketing for 2nd & Charles, says that although this will be the event's first year, he's optimistic the Con will be showcasing incredible creators for years to come: “In the vast world of comic books, it's the creators, designers and illustrators who are the true superheroes. This is our first-ever Fried Pie Con, but we hope to celebrate the creators who excel at this craft and give life to our beloved stories for years to come.”
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
NASA Confirms Liquid Lake On Saturn Moon
PASADENA, Calif. -- NASA scientists have concluded that at least one of the large lakes observed on Saturn's moon Titan contains liquid hydrocarbons, and have positively identified the presence of ethane. This makes Titan the only body in our solar system beyond Earth known to have liquid on its surface.
Scientists made the discovery using data from an instrument aboard the Cassini spacecraft. The instrument identified chemically different materials based on the way they absorb and reflect infrared light. Before Cassini, scientists thought Titan would have global oceans of methane, ethane and other light hydrocarbons. More than 40 close flybys of Titan by Cassini show no such global oceans exist, but hundreds of dark, lake-like features are present. Until now, it was not known whether these features were liquid or simply dark, solid material.
"This is the first observation that really pins down that Titan has a surface lake filled with liquid," said Bob Brown of the University of Arizona, Tucson. Brown is the team leader of Cassini's visual and mapping instrument. The results will be published in the July 31 issue of the journal Nature.
Ethane and several other simple hydrocarbons have been identified in Titan's atmosphere, which consists of 95 percent nitrogen, with methane making up the other fiver percent. Ethane and other hydrocarbons are products from atmospheric chemistry caused by the breakdown of methane by sunlight.
Some of the hydrocarbons react further and form fine aerosol particles. All of these things in Titan's atmosphere make detecting and identifying materials on the surface difficult, because these particles form a ubiquitous hydrocarbon haze that hinders the view. Liquid ethane was identified using a technique that removed the interference from the atmospheric hydrocarbons.
The visual and mapping instrument observed a lake, Ontario Lacus, in Titan's south polar region during a close Cassini flyby in December 2007. The lake is roughly 20,000 square kilometers (7,800 square miles) in area, slightly larger than North America's Lake Ontario.
"Detection of liquid ethane confirms a long-held idea that lakes and seas filled with methane and ethane exist on Titan," said Larry Soderblom, a Cassini interdisciplinary scientist with the U.S. Geological Survey in Flagstaff, Ariz. "The fact we could detect the ethane spectral signatures of the lake even when it was so dimly illuminated, and at a slanted viewing path through Titan's atmosphere, raises expectations for exciting future lake discoveries by our instrument."
The ethane is in a liquid solution with methane, other hydrocarbons and nitrogen. At Titan's surface temperatures, approximately 300 degrees Fahrenheit below zero, these substances can exist as both liquid and gas. Titan shows overwhelming evidence of evaporation, rain, and fluid-carved channels draining into what, in this case, is a liquid hydrocarbon lake.
Earth has a hydrological cycle based on water and Titan has a cycle based on methane. Scientists ruled out the presence of water ice, ammonia, ammonia hydrate and carbon dioxide in Ontario Lacus. The observations also suggest the lake is evaporating. It is ringed by a dark beach, where the black lake merges with the bright shoreline. Cassini also observed a shelf and beach being exposed as the lake evaporates.
"During the next few years, the vast array of lakes and seas on Titan's North Pole mapped with Cassini's radar instrument will emerge from polar darkness into sunlight, giving the infrared instrument rich opportunities to watch for seasonal changes of Titan's lakes," Soderblom said.
More information is available at: http://www.nasa.gov/cassini, http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov and http://wwwvims.lpl.arizona.edu .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA, the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency. The Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, manages the Cassini-Huygens mission for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. The Cassini orbiter was designed, developed and assembled at JPL. The Visual and Infrared Mapping Spectrometer team is based at the University of Arizona.
Media contacts:
Carolina Martinez
818-354-9382
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
carolina.martinez@jpl.nasa.gov
Dwayne Brown
202-358-1726
NASA Headquarters, Washington
dwayne.c.brown@nasa.gov
Lori Stiles
520-360-0574
University of Arizona, Tucson
lstiles@u.arizona.edu
Mohamed Yaffa, a diversity and inclusion co-ordinator in Halifax, is demanding to know whether Air Canada trains its staff on just that: diversity and inclusion. In a case currently before the Canadian Human Rights Tribunal, he alleges the airline subjected him to “enhanced security screening,” including “enhanced questioning,” on six different occasions from March to June 2010 because of his race, national or ethnic origin, colour and religion. Yaffa, who describes himself in tribunal documents as “a Muslim Canadian of African descent,” is the diversity and inclusion co-ordinator for Capital Health, which provides health services in the Halifax region. He did not return several requests for comment. Air Canada told the tribunal that it has not discriminated against Yaffa, but was simply following requirements having to do with American and Canadian no-fly lists in its interactions with him. A spokesman for the airline declined to comment on the case as the matter is still before the tribunal. Recently, Yaffa successfully convinced tribunal member David Thomas to order the air carrier to confirm whether it trains its front-line employees on handling complaints from customers regarding alleged security concerns, as well as whether it provides training on human rights and cultural sensitivity.
Article Continued Below
“According to the complainant, an organization's position and approach to cultural sensitivity has direct implications on the attitudes and behaviour of its staff,” reads Thomas' decision. “The complainant speaks of an atmosphere of fear of Muslims following the tragic events of September 11, 2001 and therefore the complainant believes it is important to know what the respondent has been doing to ensure its employees are culturally sensitive.” Thomas also ordered on Aug. 8 that Yaffa turn over medical documents related to the treatment of anxiety, depression and/or insomnia dating back to 2008, as well as his human resources file from 2007 to 2013. Yaffa is quoted in the decision as saying that as a result of the alleged discrimination, he has been “affected in my work and among my colleagues as I am often anxious about perceptions and stigma. I have used my vacation days from my work to pursue healing. I have taken more than average sick days at my work since this ordeal started.”
It's unclear from the decision if Yaffa's name or something similar is actually on a no-fly list. Public Safety Canada says it does not publicly release names on the list due to security concerns. Officially known as the Passenger Protect Program, the no-fly list was instituted as part of a bilateral treaty with the United States in 2007 and has been criticized for making air travel difficult for passengers with similar names on the list. Air Canada spokesman Peter Fitzpatrick told the Star that the airline is obligated by the Canadian government to enforce Canada's no-fly list, as well as the American no-fly list for flights to and from the U.S. “Finally, like all airlines, indeed like most companies, we also review customer names for a variety of reasons,” he said. “This could include for example such things as past misbehaviour on a flight or something like credit card fraud.”
Article Continued Below
Air Canada says in the tribunal documents that when a passenger's name is a close match to a name on the U.S. or Canadian no-fly list, a prompt will appear on the agent's screen, and the agent is then required to contact the airline's Operation Security Centre. The OSC will then request additional information pertaining to the passenger before deciding whether a boarding pass will be issued, or whether additional screening is required. Tribunal member Thomas also ordered that Air Canada turn over complaints dating back to 2007 related to alleged discrimination having to do with the airline's application of the no-fly list.
Read more about:
Apple has poached Enrique Atienza from Levi Strauss, a global clothing sales powerhouse, to become a top director for its U.S. Retail market, according to sources with knowledge of the hire. Atienza served as Senior Vice President, Retail Americas and Global Store Operations at Levi's, according to Levi Strauss spokeswoman Sarah Young. Young also said that Atienza recently left the company, but she would not confirm details regarding the transition or circumstances…
A source says that Atienza will be the director of all retail matters for many regions within the West Coast of the United States, and this role is one of the highest ranking retail positions inside of Apple. Several internal and external candidates were considered for the position, but the external Atienza is said to have been the best fit. While Atienza has already signed on with Apple, he is yet to actually begin his management role. He will officially start in October. Even as an outsider, Atienza seems to have the mindset of a Tim Cook hire. The retail executive led a transition for Levi's to streamline its global sales approach to be more consistent and organized:
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Ms Palin has spent years avoiding the “lame stream media” (ironically of which she is a part), but recently she's started spreading her wings, albeit to softball media such as her appearance this morning on “Good Morning America”. During her interview with GMA co-anchor Robin Roberts, Ms Palin responded to criticisms regarding her rather dismal current poll numbers were she to run against President Obama in 2012. Ms Palin's response put to bed notions that she isn't running as she extolled the virtues of “debating ideas” in competitive primaries.
Anyone who is in doubt about Ms Palin running for President had best grab the smelling salts. She is and it's uncertain if the GOP can stop her without alienating her Tea Party evangelical base.
Here's a clip from the interview:
From ABC's website: When asked about her plans for 2010, Ms Palin replied, “It's a prayerful consideration because, obviously, the sacrifices that have to be made in order to put yourself forward in the name of public service is, it's brutal.”
If Ms Palin were taking an interview with a hard-hitting news journalist, she might have been asked at this point about her decision to quit on her vow to Alaskans to serve them as a public servant for four years and if perhaps she just hadn't prayed enough before taking that job, since she quit claiming that she was being brutalized with ethics complaints by citizens — the majority of whom were Republicans, contrary to her claims.
While Ms Palin's references to prayer may not seem odd in this country, if we take a look under the hood there are causes for alarm. Ms Palin is a Dominionist Christian, a sect whose goal is to transform America into a theocratic state resembling fascism in many ways. Ms Palin has made numerous references to her belief that the constitution is based upon the bible and that our laws are also based on the bible. She seems to still be laboring under this misinformation, perhaps because it is her belief and no fact will alter her belief. This should set that alarm bell a clankin'.
Furthermore, while running for mayor of Wasilla, Ms Palin's Dominionist leanings opened the door further to her fruitful relationship with the Alaskan Independence Party, a secessionist movement, which originated during her tenure on the City Council. The AIP worked on her behalf to get her elected.
Salon reported:
“Chryson boasted that he and his allies urged Palin to focus her campaign on slashing character-based attacks. For instance, Chryson advised Palin to paint Stein as a sexist who had told her “to just sit there and look pretty” while she served on Wasilla's City Council. Though Palin never made this accusation, her 1996 campaign for mayor was the most negative Wasilla residents had ever witnessed.
While Palin played up her total opposition to the sales tax and gun control — the two hobgoblins of the AIP — mailers spread throughout the town portraying her as “the Christian candidate,” a subtle suggestion that Stein, who is Lutheran, might be Jewish.”
(John Stein, her mayoral opponent, claimed,) “This same group [Stoll and Chryson] also [publicly] challenged me on whether my wife and I were married because she had kept her maiden name,” Stein bitterly recalled. “So we literally had to produce a marriage certificate. And as I recall, they said, ‘Well, you could have forged that.'””
Gosh that sounds like familiar campaigning tactics from the woman who has suggested that it is reasonable to ask for President Obama's birth certificate, even though said birth certificate has been available online and has been verified by authorities on numerous occasions. It's hard to sell this kind of campaigning as anything other than appealing to the worst in people, and ginning up hate and division based upon religion, ethnicity, and any other charge of doubt Ms Palin can lob at her stunned opponents.
This was just the beginning of Ms Palin's tight relationship with the AIP, whose sole purpose is for Alaska to secede from the union. The AIP also has ties with the theocratic US Constitution Party. The Constitution Party has adopted the ideas of a militant form of Christian Dominionism known as Dominion Theology. The Constitution Party platform reads, “It is our goal to limit the federal government to its delegated, enumerated, Constitutional functions and to restore American jurisprudence to its original Biblical common-law foundations.”
In 2008, Chip Berlet, co-author of Right-Wing Populism in America: Too Close for Comfort (Guilford, 2000) wrote:
“The AIP has placed the candidate of the U.S. Constitution Party on the Presidential ballot in Alaska in the 2008 race. Let's be clear, the U.S. Constitution Party would impose a form of theocratic neofascism in the United States. And I am not a person who tosses the term fascism around lightly.”
The AIP called Ms Palin an example of their successful infiltration into the Republican Party. In 2006, Dexter Clark, vice chairman of the Alaska Independence party, said:
“Our current Governor, the one we were hoping would get elected, did get elected…There's a lot of talk of her moving up. She was an AIP member before she got the job as a mayor of a small town — that was a non-partisan job. But you get along to go along — she eventually joined the Republican Party, where she had all kinds of problems with their ethics, and well, I won't go into that. She also had about an 80% approval rating, and is pretty well sympathetic to her former membership.”
It should be noted that unlike her husband Todd Palin, Ms Palin was never registered as an AIP member according to Alaskan voter registration records. However, Dexter Clark's claims of Palin being a successful infiltrator of the Republican Party bears some credence due to the open door policy Ms Palin had for leaders of the AIP while mayor and governor, going so far as attempting to appoint a member of the AIP to a city position while mayor, only to be shot down. Ms Palin also made changes to the state constitution that coincidentally fulfilled part of the AIP agenda.
Salon reported:
“During the 1990s, when Chryson directed the AIP, he and another radical right-winger, Steve Stoll, played a quiet but pivotal role in electing Palin as mayor of Wasilla and shaping her political agenda afterward. Both Stoll and Chryson not only contributed to Palin's campaign financially, they played major behind-the-scenes roles in the Palin camp before, during and after her victory.
Palin backed Chryson as he successfully advanced a host of anti-tax, pro-gun initiatives, including one that altered the state Constitution's language to better facilitate the formation of anti-government militias. She joined in their vendetta against several local officials they disliked, and listened to their advice about hiring. She attempted to name Stoll, a John Birch Society activist known in the Mat-Su Valley as “Black Helicopter Steve,” to an empty Wasilla City Council seat. “Every time I showed up her door was open,” said Chryson. “And that policy continued when she became governor.””
Indeed, one of the many ethics complaints filed against Ms Palin related to her refusal to live in the Governor's mansion and yet still charging the Alaskan citizens a per diem for food and expenses while living in her home in Wasilla and commuting to the state Legislature in Juneau (or not: buttons reading “Where's Sarah?” began popping up around this time, reflecting her consistent pattern of not being around in Juneau). While Ms Palin claimed that she wanted to be near her family (whom usually move to the governor's mansion with the governor), Palin did endorse and may have been implementing Chryson's initiative to move the state Legislature from Juneau to Wasilla. At any rate, their initiative was unsuccessful.
The AIP also has numerous ties with the KKK, white supremacist groups classified as hate groups, and militia movements across the country. They are closely aligned with evangelical Dominionists as well, such as Christian Exodus, which advocates creating an all white homeland. Chryson also wrongly claimed that the Civil War was not about slavery but about states' rights. Chryson was known to accuse Democratic leaders (such as Ms Palin's mayoral opponent) of being “socialists” over issues of public education and city planning. That's not just Right, it's far, far fringy Right.
When Ms Palin was running for Governor of Alaska, not only did she appoint previous AIP member and then Republican Walter Hickel as her campaign co-chair, but also her church flew in a witch doctor from Kenya to bless her. For these reasons, when Ms Palin refers to prayer, it raises questions that Americans need answered if indeed she's running for President. In fact, even were Ms Palin to bow out of the 2012 elections, her determination throw gasoline on any political match she sniffs should be reason enough for the main stream media to begin asking some important questions about Ms Palin's agenda, her associations, her church, and her disconcerting and inaccurate beliefs about America and the Constitution.
However, it doesn't appear America will be spared a Palin candidacy. When asked about her poor poll numbers, Ms Palin came out punching like a 2012 candidate. “A poll number like that, it's like, ‘Oh yeah, that doesn't look really pretty today,' but a primary is months and months in the process, and there are thankfully many debates,” she said. “And if I were to participate in that contested primary — you know, it — I would be in it to win it.”
It would be most interesting to see Ms Palin debate any of the other Republican candidates. Ms Palin has always held the notion that getting elected is a popularity contest rather than a knowledge contest and she was proven correct in this assessment in Alaska. She also successfully implemented (with the help of the John Birch Society and the AIP) campaigns of such vicious negativity and misinformation that her opponents were often left stunned as she cheerily gave non-answers in debates and yet sailed right past them to get elected.
Fox News will be handling several of the primary debates for the Republicans, which may assist elevating Ms Palin's brand of populism and create a disadvantage for her opponents, none of whom enjoy the same level of star treatment Ms Palin does on Fox News.
Ms Palin then went on to accuse President Obama of wanting to fundamentally change America. Phrases like this are thinly veiled jabs at his patriotism, his religion, and imply that his ideology is something un-American, meant to provoke doubt and fear about the man, much like Ms Palin did to her mayoral opponent in Wasilla.
Ms Palin's unwillingness to be honest about her own record and her unfailing attempts to smear her opponents with baseless accusations of their being somehow less Christian and less American than she only serves to prove that she can't win on ideas or her record. It also proves that she does not appreciate that the Founders most decidedly rejected the notion of a religious test for office, thereby casting further doubt onto Ms Palin's version of America.
Does Ms Palin plan on transforming America like she did Wasilla and then Alaska? Will the AIP have an open door to a Palin White House? Will fringe hate groups like Christian Exodus have access to Ms Palin or will she denounce these groups and explain her associations to nervous melting pot Americans who most certainly don't share the group's vision of an all white Christian nation.
If that isn't enough, Ms Palin's reign of terror in Alaska should give pause to anyone who values their freedom. Ms Palin quite literally ran Wasilla like a dictator, cutting off the press and ordering her staff not to speak to press as she proceeded to fire beloved city employees claiming she doubted their loyalty to her. This continued as Governor, as the Palins terrorized Alaskan citizens who disagreed with them and went to incredible lengths to punish them, using the power of Ms Palin's office to do so on many occasions, through appointments, firings, and governmental harassment.
One such victim was the trooper in Troopergate (contrary to Ms Palin's claims, she was found guilty of abusing the power of her office in the bi-partisan report which predated the inquiry she ordered helmed by her appointees) who refused to help the Palins continue their vendetta against Ms Palin's ex-brother-in-law — a vendetta that had years before been labeled as “child abuse” by a judge who ordered Ms Palin to cease and desist her harassment of the children's father. Another example lay in the AIP's claims that she fired someone they had a long standing grievance with, boasting about how this payback only cost them a thousand dollars in campaign donations. Another victim down.
Is this the America Ms Palin sees; an all white Christian country over which she reigns with absolute authority, authorized by none less than God himself?
When Ms Palin accuses President Obama of wanting to “fundamentally transform America” (one assumes she means implement liberal ideology which is not actually a transformation but a continuation of a very American liberal agenda), reasonable people must ask themselves if she's projecting. And then they must take stock of what a Palin-transformed America would look like. The dingy hockey mom populist America is being sold on is not the real Sarah Palin. Ms Palin isn't stupid; she's been indoctrinated to a very extremist Right wing view of America.
While many dismiss Ms Palin as being un-serious, I do not. Ms Palin is deadly serious about amassing power. The real question is, to what end?
Updated: Corrected bumper stickers to buttons 3:54 PM
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
KINSHASA (Reuters) - At Kinshasa's hectic Victoire roundabout, banners urge people to back “dialogue for the good of Congo”, but to many the timing of President Joseph Kabila's call for political talks less than a year before he is supposed to step down is highly suspicious.
Joseph Kabila Kabange, President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, addresses the 69th United Nations General Assembly at the U.N. headquarters in New York September 25, 2014. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson
“If they thought that we had to have the dialogue, why the dialogue at the end of the mandate?” 38-year-old technician Chine Tshiboko asked, to nods from a crowd of men around him in the capital of one of Africa's biggest and most chaotic states.
Under Democratic Republic of Congo's constitution the president is allowed only two terms. Kabila will complete his second this year, but has refused to promise to leave power at elections due in November.
With little public support for altering the constitution to allow Kabila to run again, his opponents believe he has opted instead for a “glissement”, or “sliding” of the electoral calendar to prolong his days in power.
Already, local and provincial elections scheduled for last year have failed to happen, and some of Kabila's allies have suggested delays of up to four years in the presidential election to clean up inaccurate and incomplete voter lists.
Apart from a flare-up a year ago when at least 40 people were killed, the apparent delaying tactics have averted major confrontation.
But an emboldened opposition is refusing to participate in the proposed “national dialogue” which it sees as a Kabila gambit to cling to power, and the glissement strategy could soon hit the buffers.
A coalition of opposition parties and activist groups has announced a series of rallies from next week and the powerful Roman Catholic Church has called for protest marches on Feb. 16.
“The next round of bargaining may happen in the streets of Kinshasa,” said Jason Stearns, director of the Congo Research Group at New York University.
Kabila became president in 2001 after his father's assassination and then secured two terms under the current constitution by winning elections in 2006 and 2011 - the latter marred by massive fraud, according to observers.
The government says it does not have the money or capacity to hold the local, provincial and national polls that are all slated before the end of 2016, an argument his opponents dismiss as a stalling tactic.
In the 55 years since independence, Congo has never had a peaceful transfer of power, and the demise of long-term autocrat Mobutu Sese Seko in the mid-1990s helped to provoke regional wars that sucked in nine other countries and killed millions.
DIALOGUE
The government denies it is trying to delay the polls and has thrown its weight behind the national dialogue, arguing that this is the only way to resolve the impasse.
The normally taciturn Kabila delivered three speeches on the subject in one month alone late last year, and state media have blanketed the airwaves with appeals to participate.
The largest opposition party, the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS), says it supports the dialogue idea, although it has imposed strict conditions on its participation, insisting on an international mediator and no delay to the presidential vote.
Andre Alain Atundu, the spokesman for Kabila's ruling coalition, said he was confident the UDPS would join once the United Nations appointed a mediator, as both sides want, though he said the dialogue would go ahead regardless.
However, most of the other major opposition parties are boycotting the negotiations, suspecting they will be used to extend Kabila's mandate, possibly by installing a power-sharing transitional government and then later trying to change the constitution.
PROTESTS
Either way, protesters will soon be on the streets, testing the government's ability to manage popular pressure and hold together an increasingly fragile coalition.
Though opposition parties struggled to mobilise large crowds at rallies last year, the Church's intervention could prove critical in a country where 40 percent of the population identifies itself as Catholic.
Vital Kamerhe, president of the Union for the Congolese Nation (UNC), another large opposition party, said the protests would present Kabila with a stark choice.
“There will only be two options,” he said. “Either the government carries out massacres, or the government says to itself, no, the lesser evil – and that which is good for everyone – is to organise the elections.”
Significant protests could place Kabila's coalition under strain. Analysts, however, say it is difficult to predict the reaction of security forces and that Kabila's shrinking majority due to defections has allowed him to buy time with his remaining allies by exercising increased patronage.
Pascal Kambale, former Congo country director for the Open Society Initiative for Southern Africa, predicted that increased isolation would force Kabila to start negotiating his departure, but doubted street pressure would force him out this year.
“I expect some kind of glissement, a dialogue without amending the constitution but agreeing he will be there for two or three years,” Kambale said.
Others in Kinshasa fear violence if the dialogue is spurned.
“The presidential majority is telling us that if you don't come to the dialogue we will be at war,” said lawyer Landri Pongo Onya. “They have declared war on the people.”
Image copyright Hiroshima University Image caption The bridge can be ready for traffic within an hour of its initial deployment, say the researchers
Engineers have successfully tested a mobile bridge based on origami that could be deployed in disaster zones.
In a test, Mobile Bridge version 4.0 was set up without any foundations by only a few people over the Hongo River in Fukuyama City, Japan. A vehicle travelled easily and safely across it.
The bridge is designed to be extended when needed, and disassembled, like a concertina.
The work was recently presented at a Japanese engineering symposium.
The bridge design uses patented technology with a scissor-like structure and mechanism, which means the bridge and its lanes expand simultaneously. It's ready for traffic within an hour.
The system is compact enough to be transported in a car trailer.
Image copyright Other Image caption The team behind the bridge says it can provide a quick and simple solution in disaster zones
Earthquakes, floods and tsunamis can occur anytime, anywhere in the world. This can cause damage to infrastructure, slowing down the response of emergency services.
"A crucial point is how to expand a portable bridge. Usually a crane and a team of technicians is needed, but not in this case," Dr Paolo Beccarelli, Assistant Professor in Architectural Structures at the University of Nottingham explained to BBC News. This makes it a quick and simple solution when emergency bridges are needed.
Mobile Bridge 4.0 can also be deployed as a temporary structure during repair of existing bridges, avoiding interruption to traffic flows.
Dr Ichiro Ario, assistant professor at the Institute of Engineering, Hiroshima University, who presented these results, plans to make Mobile Bridge 4.0 stronger, longer, lighter, more compact and quicker to set up.
Yesterday in San Antonio, TX, our friends and tourmates Native Construct suffered a fate not unknown to many touring bands, when their van was broken into and robbed of many of their most valuable possessions. While we are thankful that no one in the band was hurt, we are also aware of how devastating this can be to a young band touring on a budget with not much margin for unexpected expenses. In addition to multiple laptop computers, guitars, etc, the band also lost several passports, which will likely prevent them from performing the Canadian dates on this tour. We are setting up this charitable account in an effort to solicit the help of anyone who would like to donate a couple bucks to a passionate and dedicated group of musicians who are trying to get back on their feet. Also, if you live in the San Antonio area and you know someone who all of the sudden has a bunch of kick ass shit they are trying to sell, please call the authorities.
-Between The Buried And Me
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 1.8k shares on Facebook shares on Facebook
An innocent owner defense is a concept in United States law providing for an affirmative defense that applies when an owner claims that they are innocent of a crime and so their property should not be forfeited. It is defined in section 983(d) of title 18 of the United States Code ( ) and is part of the Code that defines forfeiture laws and more specifically the general rules for civil forfeiture proceedings. It states that the "claimant shall have the burden of proving that the claimant is an innocent owner by a preponderance of the evidence."
United States v. Liberty Avenue is a case in which the innocent owner defense was used. It can be claimed when the owner can prove that he had no knowledge of illegal activity or had not consented to the illegal activity. Many property owners choosing to assert the innocent owner defense are burdened by inconsistent judicial interpretation of the statutory phrase "without the knowledge or consent of that owner." Some jurisdictions give this phrase a conjunctive meaning by requiring an owner to prove both lack of knowledge and lack of consent to defeat a forfeiture. Other jurisdictions interpret the phrase disjunctively by allowing the owner to prove either lack of knowledge or lack of consent to defeat a forfeiture action. The question in the case was whether a property owner can assert the innocent owner defense on the basis of lack of consent even if he admits to having knowledge of the drug-related use of his property.[1]
The government argued that to assert the innocent owner defense successfully, the claimant must show both lack of knowledge and lack of consent. Claimant, on the other hand, asserted that lack of consent represents an independent way of satisfying the requirements of the innocent owner defense and so he could thus prevail by showing that he did not consent to the criminal use of his property.
The court concluded that a claimant could achieve innocent owner status by showing either that he lacked knowledge of or that he had not consented to the drug-related use of his property.[2]
In United States v. 92 Buena Vista a woman had purchased a home with money that her boyfriend had given her without knowledge that the money came from drug-trafficking. She claimed the innocent owner defense, but the court ruled that it applied to her as well even if it was later nullified by the Civil Asset Forfeiture Reform Act of 2000. There are many jurisdictions that refuse to take any position, leaving the determination of the conjunctive or disjunctive question to the lower courts.
Moreover, courts have also inconsistently defined the statutory terms "knowledge" and "consent." The inconsistent judicial interpretation renders the standard for "innocence" under the innocent owner defense unclear.[3][4][5] [6] [7]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Negotiations On Construction Of Romania's Cernavoda-3 And -4 In ‘Final Stage'
(NucNet): Negotiations between Romanian nuclear operator Nuclearelectrica and China General Nuclear Power Corporation (CGN) on the details of an investors' agreement for the construction of Romania's planned Cernavoda -3 and -4 nuclear reactor units are in the final stage, says Daniela Lulache, chief executive officer of Nuclearelectrica.
A meeting of Nuclearelectrica's board of directors earlier this month extended until 20 December 2016 the deadline for negotiating the draft agreement for the construction of Cernavoda-3 and -4, the reports said.
In November 2015, Nuclearelectrica and China General Nuclear (CGN) signed a memorandum of understanding on the development, construction, operation and eventual decommissioning of Cernavoda-3 and -4. Negotiations on the details of an investors' agreement between the Romanian government and CGN have been under way since then.
Romania's Nuclearelectrica Plans To Establish Cernavoda EPC in 2017
Romanian nuclear operator Nuclearelectrica is planning to establish a project company early in 2017 to take charge of the construction of the planned Cernavoda-3 and -4 nuclear reactor units, Daniela Lulache, chief executive officer of Nuclearelectrica, said.
According Nuclearelectrica, the break-even price of the electricity to be produced at Cernavoda-3 and -4 may be about €82 ($89) per MW/h, but Ms Lulache said the final price is under negotiation with CGN.
In November 2015, Nuclearelectrica and CGN signed an agreement on the development, construction, operation and eventual decommissioning of Cernavoda-3 and -4, both of the Candu 6 design.
Negotiations on the details of an investors' agreement between the Romanian government and CGN have been under way since then. Canada's SNC Lavalin is also expected to participate in an EPC role to supply the CANDU technology.
Poland To Update Its Nuclear Program In 2017
(NucNet): Poland's cabinet will update the details of the country's proposed nuclear new build program by the end of 2017, the Polish energy ministry said in a statement. In the first quarter of 2017, the ministry will present the findings of a report on the project's financing model, economic viability, and public tendering procedure.
According to the energy ministry, Poland's nuclear program will be a crucial part of the country's commitment to the fight against climate change. According to earlier reports, Poland intends to build four or five nuclear units with combined output of about 6,000 MW by the mid-2030s.
Poland has repeatedly postponed its decision to proceed with development of nuclear reactors. The country relies heavily on coal fired power plants for its electricity.
Advanced Reactor Design LeadCold Achieves Funding
Essel Group Middle East (“EGME”) has agreed to invest USD $18 million in LeadCold Reactors (“LeadCold”), the Swedish-Canadian lead-cooled small nuclear reactor technology company.
LeadCold's Swedish Advanced Lead Reactor, or SEALER design is being developed to generate 3-10 MW of electricity over a 10-30 year period, with no refuelling needed. The company says in a statement on its website that it has developed a steel alloy that addresses corrosion problems encountered when using lead as a coolant.
The investment from EGME is intended to enable LeadCold to complete a pre-licensing design review of SEALER with the Canadian Nuclear Safety Commission, and to aid R&D efforts necessary to obtain a license to build commercial SEALER units in Canada.
LeadCold intends to enter Phase 1 of the pre-licensing review this year, with the eventual license for construction to be granted by the end of 2021.
The SEALER units are intended for commercial off-grid use, for example in Arctic communities and mining operations, where at present carbon-emitting and costly diesel generators are the predominantly used base-load generation technology.
The company is looking to launch its advanced technology across Canada's Nunavut region, where it has identified an over-reliance on diesel, and potentially across the Northwest Territories in the future, with its first unit scheduled to be operational by around 2025.
LeadCold estimates the Nunavut region has electricity needs of approximately 200 GWh per year, and the Northwest Territories around twice this amount. In addition, the company sees scope for reactor usage across Canada in up to 40 mining sites, which could use 2-4 reactors per mine.
IEA Casts Doubt On Mexico's Plans For New Nuclear
(NucNet): Mexico plans to build 4 GW of nuclear capacity by 2030, in addition to the existing 1.5 GW at the Laguna Verde site, but the high capital requirements for nuclear plants create “some uncertainty” concerning the realisation of this plan, a report by the International Energy Agency says.
Although government reform has opened up the power sector to participation by the private sector, nuclear power generation remains the exclusive responsibility of the state.
Mexico's Electricity Law includes nuclear as a form of clean energy, so auctions for energy, capacity and clean energy certificates could be expected to support the introduction of new nuclear power projects.
However, according to the IEA, the level of prices revealed in the auctions in March and September 2016 would be too low to support new nuclear construction.
Plus, the duration of the long-term contracts on offer – 15 years for energy and capacity, and 20 years for clean certificates – is likely to be too short to incentivise nuclear power projects.
“Even our cautious assessment of an additional 2 GW of nuclear capacity built by 2040 may require some additional mechanism of support or guarantee,” the report says.
Non-fossil fuelled generation, primarily from hydropower and nuclear, accounts for one-fifth of Mexico's total. Wind power has gained a foothold, with capacity of around 3 GW in 2015, but this remains “far below its potential.” The report is online: http://bit.ly/2dXdYRm
End of Nuclear in U.S. Seen by Carlyle Group Without Subsidies
(Bloomberg) Nuclear power will come to an end in the U.S. if the industry doesn't get more government support, according to Carlyle Group LP, one of the world's largest investment firms.
The nation's nuclear reactors need more subsidies to keep running, such as a federal carbon tax that'll reward them for their zero-emissions power, Bob Mancini, co-head of Carlyle Group's power unit, said at a conference in New York.
Carlyle, which has $176 billion in assets under management across funds, invests in natural gas- and coal-fired power plants and renewable energy projects.
Its outlook comes as nuclear power generators including Exelon Corp. and Entergy Corp. make plans to shut reactors across the country. Low power prices, fueled by an abundance of natural gas from shale drilling and weakening demand, have squeezed their profits just as their operating costs rise amid mounting regulation.
“We will see the end of the nuclear industry in the next coming decades” without legislation, incentives or other support to keep reactors open or encourage new builds, Mancini said at S&P Global Platts' Financing U.S. Power Conference on Tuesday.
The cost of building a nuclear plant may be more than five times that of a gas-fired one based on U.S. government data, Bloomberg Intelligence analyst Stacy Nemeroff said in a report earlier this month.
China, India and Russia are among the few places where new nuclear plants are being built, Mancini said. The U.S. is building four new nuclear units in Georgia and South Carolina.
# # #
MICHAEL R. SISAK, Associated Press - PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Amtrak has started settling lawsuits with victims of last year's deadly derailment in Philadelphia.
But lawyers involved in the process say a strict confidentiality provision prevents them and their clients from talking about how they're doing or how much money they've received.
Court records show the railroad reached the first settlements last week. It quietly resolved cases brought by two women who suffered head and other injuries in the May 2015 wreck.
Dozens of other lawsuits are still pending.
Amtrak has taken responsibility for the crash, which killed eight people and left more than 200 injured. It won't oppose claims for compensatory damages like medical expenses, but the pool for potential payouts is capped under federal law at $295 million.
Amtrak's lawyer didn't respond to a message.
CAMDEN, Maine — Two years after the town where the mountains meet the sea offered nearly 3 acres of commercial land at no cost, no business has stepped forward to take advantage of the deal.
But the lack of takers is not because of lack of trying on the part of Camden.
The 2.8 acres is located along the Megunticook River and has three-phase power, public water and public sewer.
Brian Hodges, the town's development director, said the slow economy appears to be the reason that no business has taken the town up on the free land.
The Washington Street property was acquired by the town in 2003 after the former Apollo Tannery shut down and the property owners did not pay their taxes. The decades of the tannery operating at the site, however, left environmental problems. The town and state environmental agencies worked together and cleaned the property. In 2005, residents voted for a bond issue for the town to borrow $836,000 for the cleanup work. The town later received a $200,000 grant used to clean up brownfield sites.
The work was completed by 2008.
As the recession struck, town officials decided to try a marketing ploy to attract jobs to the community by offering the land for free. Residents have rated bringing year-round jobs to Camden as a top goal.
The site has been approved for state Pine Tree Zone eligibility which offers tax breaks and job recruitment incentives for businesses.
The new business would need to pay $175,000 upfront to the town but would get the money back in full if it creates 24 full-time jobs within five years.
The town had one offer to acquire the property a year ago when B.D. Turman'D Entertainment sought to purchase the 2.8 acres to build an 18,000-square-foot building for sound stages to film movies. The group said it planned to make $270 million worth of movies in Camden over the ensuing three years.
The Select Board signed a contract in March 2011 with the company, after which there was considerable criticism of the viability of the company by residents. B.D. Turman'D ceased pursuing the deal in April 2011, citing a variety of reasons including the criticism of some townspeople.
Any sale must go before residents at a referendum.
The town is using social media to try to attract a potential purchaser for the land.
The cause has a dedicated Facebook page and a dedicated website, http://www.freelandinmaine.org/, Hodges noted. The development director said he also has advertised the property on linkedin.com. The development director said that linkedin reaches chief executive officers, chief operating officers and entrepreneurs.
A video was has also been posted on YouTube.
“Social media is being used more and more for business development,” Hodges said.
The development director said Maine is one of the best states for startup businesses.
Hodges also said that while the town has not been able to attract a new business to the former tannery site, the town is still focusing on economic development.
“We're focusing more on business retention and expansion,” he said.
But the town is still hoping to find a business to take advantage of the free land offer. The types of businesses that qualify for the program include biotech and life sciences, information technology, marine trades and boat building, financial services, graphic design and printing, precision manufacturing, medical research labs and green businesses.
A Japanese distillery is sending some of its world-renowned whisky into outer space. Tokyo-based Suntory, a brewing and distillery company, announced today that it will send six samples of its whiskies and other alcohols to the International Space Station (ISS) next month, in order to observe the effects of zero-gravity on the aging process.
Suntory is Japan's oldest whisky distillery, and is responsible for producing the Yamazaki Single Malt Sherry Cask 2013, which last year was named the best whisky in the world (much to the dismay of Scotland). A Suntory spokesperson tells The Wall Street Journal that the samples being sent to space include a 21-year-old single malt and a drink that has just been distilled. They will be launched from the Tanegashima Space Center on August 16th, destined for the Japanese Experiment Module aboard the ISS.
The search for mellowness
The goal, according to Suntory, is to learn how a zero-gravity, temperature-stable environment affects the "mellowness" of the drinks as they age. The taste of most alcoholic drinks is known to mellow with time, though the mechanisms by which that happens are still unknown. Research conducted in collaboration with Japanese scientists has shown that environments that suppress liquid convection may play a role in the mellowing process, Suntory said in its press release.
The first samples will return to Earth after one year, while the other group of samples will remain aboard the ISS for at least two years. Unfortunately, there are no plans to sell the drinks once they come back to Earth.
I purchased this computer and it worked great for the first 20 minutes i played with it then all the sudden the entire bottom 2 inches of the screen stopped responding to touch. In order to use the touch screen i had to use the manual rotate option if i needed to click something in the bottom. It is portable however, it is about 12 pounds and not really meant for "lap useage" or to be carried out of the house. The Beats audio is amazing as with all the Beats products however the volume is not loud enough to hear from any room the computer is not in. HP has opted for 1600 x 900, rather than 1920 x 1080 so this computer is not Full HD. This might not matter to some especially because It does not have on board Blueray capability however there are plenty of HD things you can view and download on the internet that this screen would not do justice to. Sony and Dell make similar products that do have full 1080P resolution if that is the killer point. Overall i like the idea of this product and the brand is great however the compromises HP made in this product could be the downfall for some people.
Read more
Richland County, S.C., Sheriff's Deputy Ben Fields was called in to Spring Valley High School to remove a student. A classmate filmed the deputy slamming the student to the ground and dragging her through the classroom. (Reginald Seabrooks/YouTube)
A South Carolina police officer was fired Wednesday after videos emerged showing him yanking a high school student out of her chair and throwing her across a classroom earlier in the week.
Richland County Sheriff Leon Lott said that deputy Ben Fields, who is white, was fired from the department for using excessive force during the arrest of a black female student in a math class at Spring Valley High School.
The incident was captured on multiple cell phone videos and showed the officer asking the student to stand up before he grabbed the young woman and tossed her out of her chair. The deputy's dismissal comes after the Justice Department's office of civil rights, the FBI and the U.S. Attorney's office in Columbia, S.C., announced they were investigating the case involving Fields, a school resource officer at the high school.
[FBI, Justice Department investigating S.C. school resource officer]
Fields had been suspended without pay and banned from school district properties in the wake of the incident.
The videos recorded inside of Richland County's Spring Valley High spread around the world on social media this week, prompting a federal civil rights inquiry and sparking outrage amid America's ongoing debate on how law enforcement interacts with the communities they police.
Lott said that Fields had been posted at the high school for seven years and had served as an assistant football coach. Lott said that the classroom teacher and an administrator present during the incident said they appreciated Fields' quick response — the student allegedly was disturbing the class — but the sheriff noted that Fields used improper force during the arrest.
“What she does is not what I'm looking at; what I'm looking at is what our student resource officer did,” Lott said.
“He was wrong in his actions and it was not what I expect of my deputies,” Lott said. “Deputy Fields did not follow proper training or procedures when he threw the student across the room. It continues to upset me that he picked the student up and threw her.”
[This is where your child is most likely to get suspended from school]
Lott said that the student is still facing charges for disrupting the class, a commotion that prevented other students from learning and the teacher from performing his job. Under South Carolina law, it is a misdemeanor offense to “willfully or unnecessarily … interfere with or to disturb in any way” students and teachers in school, or “to act in an obnoxious manner” in a school. Those charged with disturbing schools face a maximum penalty of a $1,000 fine or 90 days in a county jail.
Family courts handle such cases if the accused is a minor. Disturbing schools is the third-most common charge in cases referred to the state's Department of Juvenile Justice, just behind assault and battery and shoplifting, according to 2014 department data.
“She is responsible for initiating this action,” Lott said. “Some responsibility falls on her. The action of our deputy, we take responsibility for that. What she did doesn't justify what our deputy did. But she needs to be held responsible for what she did.”
Lott said that he fired Fields in person and spoke to him about the incident. He said that Fields expressed remorse.
“He's sorry that this whole thing occurred, it was not his intention,” Lott said. “He tried to do his job and that's what he feels like he did. It happened very quickly and his actions was something that if he probably had to do over again he'd do it differently.”
http://www.washingtonpost.com/video/national/sheriff-i-wanted-to-throw-up-watching-video/2015/10/28/2abe5750-7d6f-11e5-bfb6-65300a5ff562_video.html
Fields had been suspended without pay. He also has been banned from school property, according to officials with the Richland Two School District.
An attorney representing Fields defended the now-former deputy's actions as “justified and lawful,” WIS-TV reported.
“We believe that Mr. Fields' actions were carried out professionally and that he was performing his job duties within the legal threshold,” attorney Scott Hayes said in the statement released Wednesday.
Hayes added Fields “welcomes the opportunity” to address the incident, but he won't be commenting publicly as the federal investigation continues.
A lawyer representing the student has not returned requests for comment.
The sheriff's statement Wednesday triggered a fresh wave of outrage from many people who said students should never face such treatment from police in school.
“This was a situation in which the school should have never called the police officer into the room. And the actions of that young lady, from we've seen in the video, did not rise to the level of an arrest,” said Judith Browne Dianis, co-director of the Advancement Project, a national nonprofit that advocates for reforming school discipline policies.
“There are far more appropriate ways to hold students accountable than arresting them,” said Victoria Middleton, executive director of ACLU of South Carolina. “We're over-policing our students rather than using alternative, proven discipline measures that would have far better outcomes all around.”
"She is responsible for initiating this." -Sheriff Lott. This is the scariest thing I've heard all day. #SpringValleyHigh — Brittany Packnett (@MsPackyetti) October 28, 2015
School officials said they are working with the sheriff's office to improve coordination between educators and officers.
“We know important work is ahead of us as we thoughtfully and carefully review the decision-making process that may lead to a school resource officer taking the lead in handling a student disruption,” Schools Superintendent Debbie Hamm said in a statement. “Our primary goal is to de-escalate situations through problem-solving and communication techniques, while avoiding actions that escalate and result in unfortunate confrontations.”
[“Opinion: What happened in South Carolina is a daily risk for black children]
Richland Two is a district of 26,000 students that — like many school districts nationwide — disproportionately suspends and expels black students.
Black students accounted for 59 percent of the overall student population but 78 percent of suspensions in the 2011-2012 school year, according to federal civil rights data. Black students accounted for 71 percent of the district's 90 expulsions.
White students in the school district made up 29 percent of the population and accounted for 13 percent of the suspensions.
James Manning, the school board chairman, called the video that circulated this week “shamefully shocking,” according to the Associated Press. But he and other district officials declined to answer questions about when officers should use force with students, saying that is up to the sheriff's office, the AP reported.
A spokeswoman for U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan declined to comment, citing the FBI investigation. Duncan has pushed schools to do away with harsh zero-tolerance discipline policies, saying they disproportionately push minority students into the criminal justice system.
[Opinion: Take cops out of schools]
A regularly scheduled school board meeting Tuesday night became an opportunity for community members to weigh in on the incident. More than a dozen parents testified, offering mixed interpretations: Some said that the officer's actions were racially motivated, while others said that the student bears responsibility for failing to comply with directions.
The State newspaper reported:
“This is not a race issue. This is ‘I want to be defiant and not do what I'm told,'” said Rebekah Woodford, a parent of two Spring Valley graduates and a current Spring Valley student. “That child chose the course of action at hand.” Kyle Lacio argued otherwise. “If anybody thinks that a white female would have been treated the same way, then I think you live in a different world than me,” Lacio said.
A lawyer representing the student told ABC's “Good Morning America” on Wednesday morning that she was injured as a result of the officer's actions.
“She now has a cast on her arm, she has neck and back injuries. She has a Band-Aid on her forehead where she suffered rug burn on her forehead,” Todd Rutherford told the network, according to the AP.
Lott had previously said that the girl was uninjured in the confrontation. He also said that he did not believe that race was a factor in the officer's actions.
Cheyenne Animal Shelter Closing Drop Boxes
CHEYENNE, Wyo. – February 13, 2019 – Based on recommendations from an external audit conducted by an animal behavior specialist and animal shelter consultant, Cheyenne Animal Shelter will end the use of drop boxes, which allow people to drop off stray animals when no employees are present. The Shelter will eliminate the drop boxes effective March 15th. Additionally, the Animal Control division will have an officer on call after hours to pick up lost, injured or aggressive animals.
In 2018, the Cheyenne City Council and Mayor Orr asked the Board to conduct an external review of the Shelter's policies and procedures. The review cited concerns from Sheltervet.org, ASPCA and others that drop boxes could negatively impact the welfare of the animal being abandoned.
“We believe that this is an important step, and it's one of several that we'll be taking in the next few months based on the recommendations we received from this audit,” said CAS Board Chair Tammy Maas.
When the Shelter first opened, Board members worried that people would leave abandoned pets outside the building without food, water or shelter. Drop boxes complete with heat and air conditioning were built to allow people to drop off pets safely. Now the trend in shelters is to eliminate drop boxes because they make it difficult for employees to get information about the abandoned animals and they could cause undue stress for injured pets.
In addition to being stressful for the animals, the boxes can also create safety concerns for shelter staff. It's common for staff to find everything from snakes to aggressive dogs, feral cats, rabbits and other critters in the drop boxes when they arrive at work in the next morning.
In 2018 there were 588 animals left in the drop boxes. They included 525 stray animals picked up by the public and 63 pets that were surrendered by their owners. There were 307 animals that had no paperwork, leaving Shelter employees in the dark regarding the animal's demeanor, medical history, or owner.
The Shelter hopes that closing the drop boxes will give pet owners the chance to talk with staff about alternative options that could help keep more pets in their homes.
The Shelter will also be altering their hours for accepting animals to open earlier at 8 AM and close at 6 PM. The public can call Animal Control any time for emergencies such as animals with life-threating medical conditions or severe aggression. Cheyenne Animal Shelter reminds the public that abandoning or abusing animals is illegal and carries a maximum penalty of $750 and up to 6 months in jail. All suspected cases of abandonment will be investigated by Animal Control.
About Cheyenne Animal Shelter
The Cheyenne Animal Shelter was founded nearly 45 years ago by a concerned group of local citizens eager to provide animal welfare services to the homeless and unwanted animals in the community. Each year, the Shelter cares for over 6,000 pets including puppies and kittens, cats and dogs, rabbits, birds and a variety of other critters. To learn more visit: https://www.cheyenneanimalshelter.org
Apparently, more and more students are requesting closed captioning or subtitles in some of the high schools I work at.
Many students who have been exposed to captioned media, because it is necessary for their deaf and hard of hearing classmates, absolutely love it. A few kids mentioned how they like that it helps them with their note taking. Others really like that they now know exactly what is being said, because even with their typical hearing, sometimes it can be hard to understand what someone is saying in a video. I bet this makes it easier for them to not have to focus so much. Overall, captioned media has been a big hit.
As you can imagine, this makes the deaf and hard of hearing students happy and feel more accepted in their classrooms, while the teachers are happy with the positive impact captioned media is making on their students.
Yay captions!
For hearing aid prices and best hearing aids. Click here.
Czech government in dilemma over safety of N. Korean leader's uncle. February. 23, 2017 07:14. by Jung-Min Dong ditto@donga.com. The Czech Republic is bothering its head over Kim Pyong Il, the North Korean ambassador to the Czech Republic, due to media reports speculating that he will likely be the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's next assassination target. Kim Pyong Il is a half-brother of Kim Jong-un's late father and former leader Kim Jong Il.
A South Korean diplomatic official said Tuesday that the Czech government seemed to be paying significant attention to Kim Pyong Il after seeing the Malaysian government in deep trouble over the poisoning assassination of Kim Jong Nam, the current North Korean leader's half-brother. “The Czech Republic, which has a powerful intelligence agency due to its communist history, is paying close attention to Kim Pyong Il. The Czech government is reportedly gathering information about the North Korean envoy whenever he goes out on appointments, checking movements surrounding him.
Reportedly, Kim Pyong Il has almost never been involved in public activities since he received his credentials from Czech President Miloš Zeman in January 2015. “Among foreign ambassadors to the Czech Republic, few have ever met Kim Pyong Il,” said a South Korean diplomatic official. “It seems that he keeps a low profile, doing almost nothing more than commuting between his official residence and the (North Korean) embassy.” The Czech Republic, once a communist ally to North Korea, is maintaining nothing but formal diplomatic ties with the North, which has few workers and residents living in the Eastern European country.
There have been media warnings about possible threats to Kim Pyong Il's safety. On Tuesday, Hong Kong 01, an Internet newspaper in the Chinese city, carried a column saying that what Kim Pyong Il and Kim Jong Nam have in common is that their mothers were not legitimate wives of their respective fathers and arguing that Kim Pyonng Il will likely be the next target. Kim Pyong Il, who was born between North Korea's founder Kim Il Sugn and his second wife Kim Sung Ae, has been drifting overseas for 38 years since losing the competition with Kim Jong Il for power succession. Kim Jong Nam's mother, Sung Hye Rim, was never formally married to Kim Jong Il.
An Internet media outlet in the Czech Republic quoted a Korean Peninsula expert in the country as saying that while Kim Pyong Il in Prague could potentially form a government in exile but could also face death before long. Japanese daily Sankei Shimbun reported last week that balloons carrying leaflets on calls for having Kim Pyong Il as head of the North Korean government in exile had been flown to the North.
The International North Korean Association for Human Rights and Democracy, a group of North Korean defectors seeking to set up a North Korean government in exile, claimed that it had contacted Kim Pyong Il. A member of the group who was involved in the process said that it was not easy to contact Kim because of heavy surveillance by North Korean security agents and that Kim was concerned over his and his family's safety with no particular interest in politics. He is living in the Czech Republic with his wife. Although he has a son and a daughter, it had not been confirmed whether he is living with his children, too.
It is very likely that the North Korean leader regards his uncle, who resembles Kim Il Sung and has moderate character, as a potential political threat. However, some observers say that while Kim Jong Nam, who publicly complained about North Korea's third-generation power succession, Kim Pyong Il is different because he has served as North Korean ambassador to some Eastern European countries and has never made any public comments about the North Korean regime.
Foreign envoys who expect threats to their own safety can ask their host countries for protection. Without such a request, however, the Czech Republic cannot act out to protect Kim Pyong Il.
Echoing State Bank of India chief Arundhati Bhattacharya's views, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Deputy Governor S.S. Mundra on Thursday expressed concern over farm loan waiver affecting credit discipline."The RBI's views has always been that farm loan waiver affects credit discipline," Mundra told reporters at the launch of Bandhan Bank's branch here.On March 15, Bhattacharya had expressed reservation over assurances and demand for complete farm loans waiver, coming from different quarters. The following day, Congressmen staged a protest outside the SBI headquarters at Nariman Point in Mumbai to protest.Those making the demand for loan waiver include Maharashtra's opposition parties and the ruling ally Shiv Sena, besides the Karnataka government, while assurances to this effect have been made in Punjab and Uttar Pradesh.Bhattacharya too said it will disturb credit discipline among borrowers, since they will keep expecting more such waivers in future and then those (future) loans will remain unpaid.On resolution of the non-performing assets (NPAs) issue, Mundra said discussions were on in this regard."A number of resolution mechanisms have been given to banks from time to time. Variety of cases will require use of different instruments," the RBI senior officer said."Valuation of stressed companies need to be transparent," he added.
SOUTHWEST ASIA -- A U.S. Air Force general confirmed American pilots made the call to shoot down Syrian aircraft on three separate missions this month and defended their actions as self-defense.
On June 18, an F/A-18E Super Hornet conducted the U.S. military's first air-to-air kill involving a manned aircraft in nearly two decades when it downed a hostile Su-22 Fitter south of Taqbah.
Meanwhile, on June 8 and again on June 20, F-15E Strike Eagles shot down Iranian-made Shaheed drones over At Tanf as the unmanned aerial vehicles approached or dropped munitions near U.S.-backed forces on the ground.
"We're trying to de-escalate," Air Force Brig. Gen. Charles Corcoran, commander of the 380th Air Expeditionary Wing, told Military.com. "We're here to fight ISIS, but we're going to protect our forces from Syrian pro-regime entities."
Related content:
Military.com sat down with the commander at a base in an undisclosed location in the Middle East as part of a reporting trip to observe air operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, or ISIS.
In each of the shoot-downs, which involved aircraft from other locations, the U.S. pilots made the call to shoot within the parameters of the rules of engagement, Corcoran said. In all three cases, "defenseless aircraft" such as tankers and airlift planes left the airspace because of the uncertainty of what the Syrians or Russians would do next, he said.
Corcoran oversees the wing, which flies the KC-10 Extender tanker, RQ-4 Global Hawk high-altitude drone, U-2 Dragon Lady spy plane and F-22 Raptor stealth fighter jet to carry out missions such as air refueling; intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; air battle management, control and reporting center; ground attack; air support and others.
'ISIS Is a Sideshow'
To abide by the rules of engagement, the unit works with the Combined Air Operations Center, which from another location would direct a pilot to shoot, but that process "didn't have to happen -- in all three cases, it was self-defense," Corcoran said.
"If you're shooting at U.S. forces, we'll self-defend," he said.
Such calls may happen with more frequency as ISIS continues to lose ground in Syria, where a civil war has raged since 2011, and the U.S. finds itself operating in airspace increasingly congested by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and backed by Russia.
During an interview in his office, Corcoran underscored, "We're here to fight ISIS," but he also pointed to a map of Syria and Iraq to outline areas as "red," or controlled by the Islamic State.
"It's pretty clear that at some point the 'red' is going to go away," he said, "and we're going to have state-on-state" forces fighting. "ISIS is a sideshow ... but what happens when the [other] two meet? Strategically, when ISIS goes away, that's the real issue."
'The Kingpin'
As aircraft fly any given approach as part of the 24-7 mission, personnel monitor the moves from a number of fronts -- the CAOC; the E-3 Sentry Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS); and the battle-management command and control center known as "The Kingpin," Corcoran said.
Like moving chess pieces, "Kingpin has the [air tasking order] -- they're talking to people on the ground, they're making sure these airplanes are provisionally controlled, getting them back and forth to tankers ... they're talking to the CAOC, they minimize the fog and friction for the entire [area of responsibility]" in U.S. Central Command, he said.
Sometimes, the communication is as simple as a "heads-up" call on the radio, Corcoran said.
"We got agreements that when [a] Syrian airplane or the unidentified airplane gets within 'X number' of miles of our guys on the ground," a call is made on "the international emergency, the guard frequency, that all airplanes monitor," including Russian craft, he said.
"Like an airplane flying around talking to air traffic control -- talking on different [radio] frequencies," he said. "We have an agreement with the Russians, if we're getting close to something up there, we'll make a call on guard" and vice versa.
"Plenty of calls were made" over the hostilities in recent weeks, Corcoran said. "Back at the CAOC, they're probably [also] on the hotline with the Russians -- all this connectivity is hugely important to prevent a miscalculation."
'SAMS Turn On'
After the U.S. downing of the Syrian Su-22, the Russian Ministry of Defense said it would target with surface-to-air missiles any U.S. aircraft in the area.
Corcoran acknowledged that SAM batteries track U.S. warplanes.
"SAMs turn on, but as far as feeling threatened -- I don't think our forces have felt threatened by Russians or Syrians in the surface-to-air missile perspective," he said. The military-to-military relationship "has been maintained, and it's in good shape -- it's very cordial, professional. We haven't seen or heard any of that from them."
Even so, the deconfliction zone -- the area in which U.S. and Russian forces have agreed not to operate -- is "constantly in flux" due to the complex nature of the fight and moving ground forces, Corcoran said.
Unlike Iraq, a sovereign state where leaders "asked us to come help them ... we don't have exclusive control of the skies above the ground" in Syria, he said. "We have it above the ground where our guys are, but not an inch beyond -- it's surreal."
Corcoran said, "We're fighting an enemy -- ISIS -- in another country -- Syria -- where there's also an insurgency going on, but we're not really invited to be" a part of that, he said. "But we can't leave it to the Syrians to get rid of ISIS, because that wasn't working, right? So it's really an odd place to be."
He added, "We know ... we're going to defeat ISIS. Their days are numbered. What next?"
-- Oriana Pawlyk can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214.
