Manuel Pellegrini: Building a promising Manchester City squad
Abhinav FOLLOW FEATURED COLUMNIST Feature 1.34K // 18 Jul 2013, 10:03 IST SHARE Share Options × Facebook Twitter Flipboard Reddit Google+ Email
When you consider the amount of money that had been spent and the amount of wages paid to the players, finishing second in the league, finishing last in their Champions League group, and losing the FA Cup final to relegated Wigan was a huge underachievement for former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini.
City looked lacklustre, especially up front, as the 2012-13 season went on despite beating the eventual champions Manchester United at Old Trafford again as the Italian manager was eventually sacked once the season ended. In came Manuel Pellegrini – a manager who has notably overachieved in the Champions League with teams like Villarreal and, most recently, Malaga.
A very intelligent and tactically astute coach, 59-year-old Pellegrini will no doubt improve City's fortunes especially in the Champions League where he has reached the semi-finals in the past. Mancini, in contrast, is yet to pass the quarter-final stage. It is interesting to note that his Inter Milan side were knocked out in the quarter-final stage in 2006 to Villarreal – managed by none other than Manuel Pellegrini.
The signings of Jesus Navas and Fernandinho bought for a combined reported fee of around £45m will bring City much-needed width and dynamism. The former can be utilized as a useful impact sub – a role he plays to perfection in the Spanish national side – or as a starter causing havoc on the flanks early on, while Fernandinho – a star performer for Shakhtar – will bring much-needed dynamism and drive to City's midfield, which will be especially useful if Yaya Toure is overplayed or absent.
Fiorentina star Stevan Jovetic and Sevilla frontman Alvaro Negredo also look like potential new signings in this new-look City team. The former is a versatile and technically brilliant forward who can play virtually anywhere in the front four of a probable 4-2-3-1 City formation, while the latter – who Sevilla confirmed is going to City – is a hardworking goalscorer who banged in 31 goals last season for the Spanish side.
These potential arrivals will make City much more unpredictable and give them a lot of flexibility and options depending on their opposition.
And while former captain Carlos Tevez has left the club, Edin Dzeko looks to be staying with the Citizens as Pellegrini stated in a recent interview. With Dzeko alongside established stars Sergio Aguero, Samir Nasri and David Silva, competition for places will heat up and this can only be good news for City fans as Pellegrini's new-look attack force will hope to do great things this season.
However, the main goal still remains the same – do as well as possible in the Champions League.
Advertisement
It just keeps on coming for the Giants.
Wide receiver Domenik Hixon has been lost for the season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament suffered in Monday's victory over the St. Louis Rams, the team announced. Hixon picked up the injury making a juggling 22-yard touchdown catch in the second quarter Monday.
It's the second time in as many years Hixon has torn the same ligament. Both incidents took place on the turf at MetLife Stadium. In the summer of 2010, Hixon tore the ligament during a minicamp practice at the stadium.
He joins Terrell Thomas and Clint Sintim as players who have torn their ACL for the second time. He also joins those two, as well as cornerbacks Bruce Johnson and Brian Witherspoon, as key players who have been lost for the season.
The Giants will also have to replace Hixon as a punt returner. After he left Monday's game, Aaron Ross took over.
For more Giants coverage, follow Mike Garafolo on Twitter at twitter.com/MikeGarafolo
Mike Garafolo: mgarafolo@starledger.com
APRIL 1!!!
With the DPi formula already attracting the attention of several mainstream manufacturers little should surprise industry followers in the coming months.
One DPi programme we certainly did not expect to emerge however was from Swedish powerhouse Volvo!
Now owned by Chinese conglomerate Geely, Volvo seems set to shift from a strategic position that would have seen them move away from mainstream motorsport entirely to a heavily revised plan to utilise endurance racing to help relaunch the brand in North America.
The relaunch is set to involve a move from the infamously “Boxy but Safe” backbone of the brand to an entirely rejigged North American model range based around performance.
Key to the relaunch is a new and as yet unseen ‘extreme' Sports Utility Vehicle which will provide the production based but high tech V8 to the race programme, a project internally named the 100F.
April-March sales figures showed signs of flagging after strong recovery and growth in previous years but the downturn seems to have pushed the company's Chinese paymasters to take action.
“We've seen that other premium brands are having success in moving their customer base towards more profitable niche models through motorsports promotion and believe that our brand values would have strong appeal far beyond our core buyers in sectors such as education, architecture and dentistry,” a senior company figure told a recent brand development conference.
“If Lexus can do it then Volvo sure as heck can too,” he told an audience composed of marketing and branding professionals.
The DPi plan appears to be the favoured option after plans to brand a high profile Monster Truck effort fell foul of focus groups.
Instead the company now looks set to begin a search for a chassis partner ahead of a potential development programme that might begin as early as September this year.
If successful the Volvo programme looks set to join the factory backed Cadillac and Mazda efforts, plus the privately funded Ligier Nissan programme, and likely the much trailed Penske Honda DPi programmes on track at some point next season.
Footnote – yes, this IS an April Fool story! The clues, and they were legion! were the following:
‘Boxy but Safe' is a reference to the 1990 movie ‘Crazy People' where patients of a mental institution find success with truthful advertising.
‘100F' spells what backwards?
It is highly unlikely that any company marketing executive would describe their own demographic as ” education, architecture and dentistry”
Don't get me started on a potential Volvo factory Monster Truck effort!
Massive thanks though to Dan Hounsell (aka Dhani Hunsel) who produced the really very wonderful render of the Volvo – Hey my Swedish friends – it makes you wonder what could be achieved now doesn't it?
Explain That!
Prophetic dreams, incredible coincidences, sixth sense – impossible to explain? Or not?
The first thing that tends to occur in these situations is that people always look for the connections and note hits but not misses. Even with a basic understanding of statistics it is pretty clear that only looking for hits and ignoring misses is not telling the whole story. For example, we have two sharpshooters in a contest – one has scored three hits, the other 10. At this point it sounds like the latter of the two is the better marksman. However, what if I tell you that sharpshooter one scored three bullseyes with three shots whereas the other scored 10 bullseyes but took 150 shots? A very different picture.
And so this goes some way to explaining a common occurrence cited as ‘sixth sense'; the phone rings just after you are thinking of someone and it turns out to be that person. We may not have thought about them in a long time but you can bet we haven't taken any notice of times we have thought about them and they haven't called. We ignore the misses – they don't even register because they are not interesting.
There are also connections that we may not be able to fathom; you may have seen an article on the news last night and it reminded you of a place or time. In turn, this was at the back of your mind and you remembered your old friend from that subconscious series of connections. However, last night your friend saw the same item on the news, was reminded of you and resolved to call you first thing the next morning. Unless you analyse (and are able to remember) every event that you have recently experienced lately, it is unlikely that either of you will ever make that connection and put it down to some unseen force of synchronicity.
Then there is the Law-of-Very-Big-Numbers. Take a prophetic dream; A month before the terrorist attacks known as ‘9/11', I dream of an aeroplane crashing into the World Trade centre and all the disastrous consequences that follow – emergency response, deaths, terror alerts etc.
Sounds like a pretty convincing display of predicting the future? Well consider this – there are something like 7 billion people on this earth. Each one will dream several times a night. That's a LOT of dreams just in one night. Granted, not everyone will remember every dream but we are still talking a considerable number, especially when you widen the timeline from your dream to when it ‘comes true'. Once again, like in the previous case, we only notice hits and not misses and the poor marksman begins to look superhuman again.
This Law-of-Very-Big-Numbers is also a reasonable explanation for some of the incredible coincidences that occur throughout our lives – a superb example of which is given by Paul Westwood on this very website. Of course, these occurrences are truly astonishing and even more so when it happens to us or people we know. I am always fascinated by these stories and there are some amazing cases (and no doubt quite a few plain made-up ones).
However, statistically, there are millions and millions of us dialling numbers every day and many, many misdials. Amongst all these cases where the caller has got through to the wrong person – how many times is it someone they DON'T know or have any connection with? But again, we ignore the misses and notice only the spectacular hits. Once very big numbers come into play it only increases the chances of something outwardly weird happening.
What would be really, really weird is if they never happened at all.
In Inner Mongolia a new city stands largely empty. This city, Ordos, suggests that the great Chinese building boom, which did so much to fuel the country's astonishing economic growth, is over. Is a bubble about to burst?
A huge statue of the mighty warrior Genghis Khan presides over Genghis Khan Plaza in Ordos New Town. The square is vast, fading into the snowy mist on a recent Sunday morning.
Genghis Khan Plaza is flanked by huge and imposing buildings.
Two giant horses from the steppes rise on their hind legs in the centre of the Plaza, statues which dwarf the great Khan himself.
Only one element is missing from this vast ensemble - people.
There are only two or three of us in this immense townscape. Because this is Ordos, a place that has been called the largest ghost town in China.
Most of the new town buildings are empty or unfinished. The rampant apartment blocks are full of unsold flats.
It is a spectacular example of a new Chinese phenomenon, in many cities - unsold flats, unlet shops, empty office blocks
If you want to find a place where China's huge housing bubble has already burst, then Ordos is the place to come.
The story started about 20 years ago, with the beginning of a great Mongolian coal rush.
Private mining companies poured into the green Inner Mongolian steppe lands, pock-marking the landscape with enormous opencast holes in the ground, or tunnelling underground.
Local farmers sold their land to the miners, and became instantly rich. Jobs burgeoned. Ceaseless coal truck convoys tore up the roads.
And the old city of Ordos flourished as the money flowed in.
The municipality decided to think big, too.
It laid out plans for a huge new town for hundreds of thousands of residents, with Genghis Khan Plaza at the centre of it.
Ten years later Ordos new town is an empty new city.
And it is merely the most spectacular example of a new Chinese phenomenon, in many cities - unsold flats, unlet shops, empty office blocks.
It looks to outsiders as though the great Chinese building boom is over, the real estate extravaganza that shook the world.
Western financial experts who fear a bursting of the Chinese real estate bubble point out that the Chinese economy is more dependent on house building than the United States economy was, before the sub-prime lending bubble burst in 2007.
Many Chinese local authorities seem to have become dependent on the proceeds of big land sales to developers.
In the eyes of the critics, China's housing boom is becoming a disaster.
Well, the authorities in Beijing have taken notice of the direst warnings. They have been taking official action to rein in the speculative buying of multiple apartments over the past two years.
Chinese economic commentators seem much less concerned than the Western doom-mongers. They are still confident that the technocrats in Beijing who have guided China's 30 years of spectacular economic growth will soon be able to balance supply and demand in the housing market.
Image caption Many ordinary people who invested in property, have lost money
The same relaxed attitude was apparent in a couple I met in a spacious apartment in Ordos, in the middle of a building site.
They were buying the place as an investment, even though the delivery date keeps on slipping.
It is, of course, only some 25 years since Chinese people were permitted to buy and sell homes at all.
Decades of pent-up demand are still being satisfied as the great wheel of Chinese urbanisation continues to bring millions of people in from the countryside to work in the cities.
Right now there are other worries in the Chinese system, typified by Mr Li, a man I met in Ordos, who had prospered when the local council bought up the land on which his family's shop had been located.
He invested the compensation with local private financiers.
It is common practice in China where there is a big grey market in private loans to private businesses who cannot get money from the big, official, state-owned banks.
Mr Li's private financier naturally invested the money in property, and paid him interest every three months at the rate of about 40% a year.
Mr Li had put the equivalent of over $1m (just over £600,000) into such schemes.
For two years they paid out, but last year the interest payments began to dry up.
Then one of the financiers disappeared.
This has become a very familiar story in China now, one that is making big headlines as some famously rich private finance people come up for trial on charge of huge financial irregularity. China's 68th richest woman, Wu Ying, is facing the death penalty for schemes she ran in her 20s.
At least half of Mr Li's money now seems to have disappeared.
As a Mongolian, he told me he was very angry when it happened last year. But now his mood has changed to a curious, fatalistic resignation, quite unlike Genghis Khan.
"Once we were rich, and now we're poor again," said Mr Li, with something like a wry grin.
How to listen to From Our Own Correspondent:
BBC Radio 4:A 30-minute programme on Saturdays, 11:30 GMT.
Second 30-minute programme on Thursdays, 11:00 GMT (some weeks only).
Listen onlineordownload the podcast
BBC World Service:
Hear daily 10-minute editions Monday to Friday, repeated through the day, also available tolisten online.
Read more orexplore the archiveat theprogramme website.
Rep. Michelle Bachmann, R-Minn., has spent months discussing her work as a tax attorney for the Internal Revenue Service as as a professional and positive qualification.
Now, Bachmann is describing the IRS as “your enemy.”
The Tea Party champion and Republican presidential hopeful was on the hustings in South Carolina this week. Bachmann gave a rally this explanation of her four years of work for America's tax-collection agency:
“We change the economy by changing the tax code. How many of you love the IRS? No! It's time to change it. I went to work in that system because the first rule of war is, ‘Know your enemy.'
“So I went inside to learn how they work because I wanted to beat them.”
The IRS, as of last year, employed 107,631 Americans. It boasts of spending 53 cents for every $100 in revenue it collects.
Even while celebrating his 1981 tax cuts, President Ronald Reagan asked to increase the IRS' budget and work force on grounds it was necessary to see that taxes owed were collected.
Of Bachmann, commented Greg Sargent of The Washington Post, “She worked for the IRS as a kind of secret anti-tax mole whose mission was to get to know the place in order to better undermine it later.”
But why?
This discovery should speak for itself: Scientists have discovered a crazy example of a crazy thing at a crazy distance. We're talking about the furthest quasar yet—the incredibly bright light from a supermassive black hole 800 million times the mass of the Sun, from just 690 million years after the Big Bang.
A team of researchers announced their analysis of this quasar J1342+0928 today. The remarkable object originates from an era when the Universe looked very different than it does today. Its discovery could shed light, both literally and figuratively, on the origin story of the neophyte cosmos.
Advertisement
“By analysing this one object, we learn about the formation and growth of the first black holes, the production of dust in the galaxy hosting the black hole and about the Universe itself when it was only five percent of its current age,” Bram Venemans, researcher at the Max Plack Institute for Astronomy told Gizmodo.
The ancient Universe has a complex story. Right after the Big Bang, the Universe became completely opaque as light bounced and scattered off of the particles in the hot plasma of unpaired protons and electrons. Somewhere around 400,000 years later, these particles bound together and the light could travel unimpeded, eventually reaching our telescopes. Scientists observe this ancient light as microwaves hitting Earth from all directions—it's called the cosmic microwave background. After that came a period where the Universe had lots of neutral hydrogen which emitted no light, called the Dark Ages.
Advertisement
A few hundred million years later, stuff began to glow as atoms condensed and released energy once again—including this quasar. “How that process happened and when exactly it happened has profound implications to how the Universe evolved afterwards,” Eduardo Bañados from the The Observatories of the Carnegie Institution for Science told Gizmodo.
The team noticed this quasar in a search through three surveys of the sky, then followed up with more specific probing from tools like spectrographs and radio telescopes. That way, they could determine properties like the object's mass and age, and determine the potential rate at which such a galaxy with this object at the center could produce stars.
They also noticed a signature of missing spectral lines—missing colors in the spectrum of light unleashed by the quasar likely caused by interactions with the neutral hydrogen of this “reionization” period Bañados described.
Advertisement
Daniel Mortlock from Imperial College London pointed out that the reonization conclusion is based on some modeling assumptions in an email to Gizmdo. However, it was “overall, a great discovery,” he said. He felt it unambiguously proved the identity and age of the object, 80 million years older than the previous most distant quasar. He felt it would help scientists better study black hole formations and the conditions of the early Universe.
There's more work to do, of course. Bañados said that with one single black hole there are few conclusions to be made. Venemans said there's still much to learn about the dust itself, and that the size of the object couldn't be determined.
But with a distant light so bright, the team hopes to learn more using powerful new telescopes like the Atacama Large Millimeter Array in Chile and the upcoming James Webb Space Telescope. Bañados said: “This object is so luminous that it will be the subject of future studies where more surprises might come.”
Advertisement
[Nature]
Correction: The quasar is 800 million, not 800 billion times the mass of the Sun. The author regrets the error.
Antiope from Wonder Woman is getting a Funko Pop! that's as awesome as she is
Antiope from Wonder Woman is getting a Funko Pop! that's as awesome as she is by Cheryl Wassenaar
Ready for more Game of Thrones? Then here's how you can watch “Eastwatch” online and catch the Game of Thrones live stream for the brand-new episode on Sunday.
Can we all just agree that last week's episode of Game of Thrones was really a doozy? I'm still not over that epic loot train attack and if you haven't seen the behind-the-scenes video of how they put that together, do yourself a favor and watch it. It's truly epic and demonstrates the scope of what Game of Thrones accomplished.
If you missed the grandest episode and most satisfying episode of Game of Thrones, go watch it, obviously. And of course, if you need a refresher of some of the big things that happened last week, you can also check out our recap of “The Spoils of War.”
Now, let's check out the synopsis for Game of Thrones' new episode “Eastwatch” from TV Guide.
Daenerys demands loyalty from the surviving Lannister soldiers; Jon heeds Bran's warning about White Walkers on the move; Cersei vows to vanquish anyone or anything that stands in her way.
That's basically just a description of the video below.
While we're all wondering about Jaime, I'm curious to see how Tyrion chooses to handle the situation and whether Dany will understand the gravity of what she's done. I mean, I'm not upset with her, but there will definitely be consequences for her down the line.
So here are all the details you need to watch the new episode of Game of Thrones online:
Date: Sunday, Aug. 13
Start time: 9 p.m. ET
Episode: “Eastwatch”
TV Channel: HBO
Live Stream: Stream 1 | Stream 2 | Stream 3
Game of Thrones premieres new episodes every Sunday at 9 p.m. ET only on HBO. Be sure to check out all of our Game of Thrones coverage right here on Culturess!
Marussia administrators in 'serious talks' with one group about a possible takeover
Sky Sports News HQ understands that Marussia administrators are in “serious talks” with one group about a possible takeover.
On Friday, the administrators confirmed the team were to be wound up with around 200 staff being made redundant.
However, it is hoped the team can still take part in the season finale in Abu Dhabi if they can raise between £3 million and £5 million by the end of the week, with time to ship the cars and parts to the Yas Marina Circuit ahead of the race on November 23rd.
Sky Sports News HQ understands that talks are ongoing with an unnamed group about a proposed takeover.
Speaking to Sky Sports F1 ahead of Sunday's Brazilian GP Graeme Lowdon, who was President and Sporting Director of the Banbury outfit, insisted: “I don't feel like there's no way back. We're very competitive people and we'll keep fighting until there's absolutely no chance at all.
“At the moment there's still very much a chance that we can compete in 2015 and beyond and indeed in Abu Dhabi.”
The team was born out of successful junior formula team Manor Competition, but has run under the Virgin Racing and Marussia banners according to their backers.
Manor F1 Team have been included on the provisional 2015 F1 entry list published ahead of the Brazilian GP.
MORRISTOWN — Note: This isn't how to make a good first impression on your boss.
A 26-year-old Morristown man allegedly stole wads of cash worth more than $2,000 on his first day at work at the Dunkin' Donuts on Lafayette Avenue.
Officer Beverly Downey responded to a report of theft at the store at about 2:25 p.m. Jan. 12, according to an investigation report she filed.
Owner Mahendra Patel told Downey he noticed two bundles of cash — one roll of singles, another of mixed larger bills —totaling $2,136 was missing from a drawer, the report said.
When Downey asked if any employees had been in the office that day, Patel said Tyrone D. Harris had been, but he had left prior to the officer's arrival, according to the report.
Patel and Downey then watched surveillance video that clearly showed Harris stealing the cash, the report said. The new employee only spent seven minutes in the store.
The video showed that while Harris was receiving his name tag from Patel, the manager opened a drawer that displayed the bundle of cash, and then Harris grabbed it when Patel walked away and hid it on himself, the report said.
According to the report, Harris then walked to the back of the store and hung up his coat to begin his training. But just a few minutes later, Harris walked back to Patel's office, told him he'd finish his training online and left, the report said.
A search of the area for Harris came up empty, according to the report, and a complaint was filed against him for theft. The manager was told to contact police if Harris returned, the report said.
The Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 is faster than almost any other macro lens and one of the sharpest lenses ever built. Lets put it to the test!
Sample Images
Just click on any image to get to the full resolution version.
Specifications
Diameter: 76mm
Length: 89mm (ZF Version)
Weight: 660 g (ZF Version
Filter Diameter: 67 mm
Number of Aperture Blades: 9
Elements/Groups: 9/8
Close Focusing Distance / reproduction ration: 44 cm / 1:2
Mount: Canon EF, Nikon F, Pentax K
More information in Zeiss' official data sheet.
I bought this lens from my own money without any support from the manufacturer and used it for four months.
The Carl Zeiss Maro-Planar 2/100 usually sells for around $950 used at ebay.com (affiliate link).
In Germany you can buy it used for around 800€ at ebay.de (affiliate link).
Versions
In 2006 Zeiss released this lens in Canon EF (ZE), Nikon F (ZF) and Pentax K (ZK) mount. The ZK version has since been discontinued. In 2015 Zeiss introduced the Milvus family of lenses which are mostly ZE/ZF.2 lenses with a new exterior and weather sealings but the same optics. It is a manual focus lens in all versions.
The ZE version features electronic contacts but it doesn't have an aperture ring so you have to control the aperture with the camera. When adapted to the Sony a7 series with an electronic adapter you will get exif information which you won't get with the ZF/ZF.2 version.
The ZF version of the Makro-Planar is the one I own and which you see in the images. It comes in Nikon's F-mount and has a nice aperture ring but it doesn't have any electronic contacts. There is also a younger ZF.2 version which has electronic contacts as does the Milvus version.
To adapt the Macro Planar 2/100 to my Sony a7 I used a Novoflex adapter (affiliate link).
Build Quality
As expected the Zeiss feels super solid. It has an all-metal exterior and everything but the lens hood fits very tightly.
All markings are engraved.
The Makro-Planar is made in Japan.
Usually I don't mention lens caps but I was flabbergasted by the one this $1000 + lens came with. It is made from the cheapest feeling plastic I have ever handeld and feels anything but solid and I soon replaced it with a solid one from another manufacturer.
Size, Weight and Handling
The Zeiss Planar is a rather heavy and not too small lens. On a a7 it doesn't really feel balanced, with an L-bracket handling is okay. On the a7ii with it's deeper grip handling is okay even without an L-bracket.
The focusing ring turns about 350 degrees from 0.44 m to infinity. It has zero play and it is quite grippy. The resistance of the focusing ring is quite high, I need at least two fingers to turn it and the focusing experience at longer than 2 m distances isn't too pleasant because of the resistance and the very short focus throw at these distances.
The aperture ring has half-stops from f/2 to f/22 which register well enough but I have used nicer aperture rings. What I like about the aperture ring is that it is very grippy. Because my copy is the ZF version it has a coupling prong which is a bit annoying.
The Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 extends a lot when it is focused at shorter distances.
Lens Hood
The lens hood is quite large and at least on my copy it has some play and it rattles.
It is made from metal and lined with some felt-like stuff on the inside.
Filters
The 67 mm filter thread is made from metal.
The front of the lens does not rotate so polarizers are easy to use.
Image Quality
Vignetting
At f/2 vignetting is rather strong at about 1.7 stops, moderate at f/2.8 (1 stop) and from f/4 it is average to low at 0.7 stops.
Flare Resistance
The flare resistance is good but not flawless. I never saw any ghosting but some veiling flare can happen.
Distortion
There isn't any.
Chromatic Aberrations
Lateral CA is corrected almost perfectly, one of the best performances I have seen so far in any lens.
Axial CA is the biggest issue I have with the Makro Planar. Of course it only is an issue with certain subjects but it can be quite distraction from the otherwise spectacular performance.
Bokeh
The Zeiss MP 2/100 has really smooth bokeh which is also quite smooth in the transition zone. Only the cat-eyes-effect can be a bit distracting.
Stopped down the aperture stays well rounded.
Sunstars
Not a strength of the Zeiss Macro 2/100.
Close Focus Performance
The Zeiss 2/100 of course carries the Makro in it's name and it focuses quite close but only to a 1:2 magnification ratio while most modern AF macros focus down to 1:1.
I don't have the tools available to create a really meaningful sharpness-test this close but thankfully Über-lens-geek Roger Cicala has measured it at 1:2 magnification and it still delivers a great performance with even a little more contrast and only a little less sharpness but an amazingly flat MTF curve.
Sharpness
The full aperture series can be found in my flickr Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 album.
f/2.0: This is the first time I write this but the Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 shows excellent sharpness across the frame from wide open. LoCA degrades the image quality somewhat though.
f/2.8: A little bump in contrast, less LoCA and Vignetting.
f/4: No LoCA anymore and vignetting is also gone so the performance is just excellent.
f/5.6, f/8: You can't improve what's already excellent.
f/11: A little less sharp due to diffraction.
I have never tested a sharper lens before.
Alternatives
Sony G FE 2.8/90 Macro: The Sony doesn't feel nearly as solid nor does it handle as well and it isn't as strong in the corners but it has better CA correction, does 1:1 natively, offers AF and it is sharper at macro distances. The Sony has very large sample variation (I had to return the one I bought because of strong decentering).
Tokina AT-X 2.5/90 Macro: The Tokina is smaller, more pleasant to focus, nearly as sharp stopped down and much cheaper. The Zeiss is faster, has much more efficient coatings and better corners at wider apertures.
Laowa STF 105mm f/2: The Laowa has nearly perfect CA correction and a bit smoother bokeh plus a more pleasant focusing ring. The Zeiss is a bit sharper, much less flare prone and focuses much closer.
Olympus OM 2/100: The Olympus is my favorite legacy lens right now. It is quite a bit smaller, more pleasant to focus and the bokeh a tad smoother. It doesn't focus as close but a close focusing distance of 70cm isn't too bad. The Zeiss is sharper outside of the center.
Samyang 2/135: The Samyang performs on a similar level optically and corrects CA much better and it is more affordable. It does focus down to 80cm which of course isn't as close but still respectable. The Zeiss is smaller, lighter and it has very little sample variation while Samyang is known for their bad quality control and limited longevity.
Canon EF 2/135 L: It is not quite as sharp as the Zeiss but it comes close, it is a bit cheaper and the main argument here is probably the AF.
Zeiss 2/135 APO: This is a lens from the same manufacturer with almost perfect CA correction which is even a little sharper in the center but not as good in the corners. Quite a bit more expensive a bit bigger, heavier and focuses only to 1:4.
Conclusion
pros Excellent contrast and sharpness from f/2
Very pleasant bokeh
Build quality
Fastest macro available average Price
Resistance of Focusing Ring
Size and Weight
Vignetting cons Axial CA
Short focus throw at longer distances
Maximal reproduction ratio: 1:2
Lets talk about sharpness first: the Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 is super sharp from f/2 and not just in the center but across the frame which is an achievement no other lens with a similar focal length can match. Add very pleasing bokeh and very high contrast and you get outstanding image quality.
So is the Zeiss the perfect lens? Not quite. My biggest gripe with it is that it doesn't correct axial CA very well. How much this affects your images depends a lot on your subject matter but ab few of my images suffered from it. Another smaller issue I found was that I didn't enjoy focusing it that much because of the rather high resistance and short focus throw at longer distances.
On the other hand it opens up a wider range of applications than other Macros because it is a stop faster but of courses it focuses only down to 1:2. It is also handier than any portrait lens because it focuses much closer but those are usually easier to focus.
In light of the extraordinary performance, wider range of applications and great build quality the price on the used market is surprisingly affordable. Especially compared to Sony's recent offerings the price/performance ratio is actually quite good.
All in all the Makro Planar is the sharpest lens I have ever tested and it yields outstanding images in most settings but you should be aware of the CA and focusing ring.
The Carl Zeiss Maro-Planar 2/100 usually sells for around $950 at ebay.com (affiliate link).
In Germany you can buy it used for around 800€ at ebay.de (affiliate link).
If this review was helpful to you, please consider using one of my affiliate links. Thanks 🙂
Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 T* Sample Images
All images are processed in Lightroom from Raw. Many more full resolution samples in my flickr Zeiss Makro-Planar 2/100 album.
Other Articles
Prankster Mark Dice's latest video proves that Americans have absolutely no idea about the value of precious metals. Asked if they would like to purchase a 10oz silver bar worth $160 for just ten bucks, every single one refused.
What makes the footage even more jaw-dropping is that Dice was stood feet away from a coin shop, where anyone could have immediately walked in and exchanged the bar for sixteen times its purchase price.
One man refused to buy the bar for 99 cents an ounce, joking that he had too many laying around the house, while another wasn't interested even after Dice offered to get it valued by the coin shop.
Another woman wasn't interested in buying the bar for 99 cents, over $159 dollars less than its value, saying she had better things to spend her money on. Someone else even refused to trade the bar for a piece of gum, while a third woman didn't want to make the trade for a $1.99 noodle bowl.
“I don't know what that is, man,” said another individual, who just by coincidence paid $160 for his headphones.
Another woman then refuses to trade her half drunk Starbucks for the silver bar, complaining that it's “not very attractive.”
“If you buy it do you, like, win something?” asks another young woman, before being told the bar is worth $160.
This isn't the first time Dice has illustrated the staggering ignorance of Americans when it comes to bullion. In previous videos he was unable to give away for free a one ounce gold coin worth over $1000.
If the warnings of numerous economic experts about an imminent financial crash are true, silver bullion may about to become a lot more popular, but on this evidence the vast majority of Americans won't be moving into precious metals any time soon.
And just in case you haven't had your fill of herp derp, watch the video below.
Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
FOLLOW Paul Joseph Watson @ https://twitter.com/PrisonPlanet
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Reid Boucher is now looking down at Steven Stamkos in the Sarnia Sting record books.
Boucher had a hat trick en route to an 8-7 win for the Sting Saturday night in Saginaw against the Spirit, giving him 60 on the season and eclipsing Stamkos' Sting record of 58.
Boucher tallied three times in the second period, including one with eight seconds left in the frame that was originally awarded to Bryan Moore, as the Sting surged with six goals in the period to come from behind against Saginaw.
Craig Duininck opened the scoring for the Sting with a power play goal 2:12 into the game, but from there, the Spirit took leads of 2-1, 3-2 and 5-3.
Sarnia got going again with seven minutes left in the second, scoring five times before the end of the frame to carry an 8-5 lead into the dressing room.
Jimmy Lodge scored his second of the game in the third, and Gregg Sutch added one more for Saginaw to get them close, but the Sting managed to hold on for the victory.
Nikolay Goldobin, Alex Carnevale, and Daniel Nikandrov also scored for Sarnia, while Mike Dipaolo picked up his first career OHL goal.
Garret Ross, Zach Bratina, Terry Trafford and Brandon Lindberg scored for Saginaw.
Knick Dawe made 38 saves to get the win, while Saginaw's Jake Paterson gave up eight goals on just 17 shots and was pulled after the second period.
Sarnia's Charlie Sarault had a pair of assists to extend his lead atop the OHL scoring race to four points over the suspended Nick Cousins of Sault Ste. Marie. Plymouth's Vince Trocheck is five points back in fifth.
The win puts the Sting into a tie for sixth place in the Western Conference with the Soo, though the Greyhounds have two games in hand. Sarnia is also now eight points up on Saginaw for seventh. The Spirit have two games in hand, and the teams will meet one more time, two weeks from now in Sarnia.
paul.owen@sunmedia.ca
W.Va. Senator drinks 'coal slurry' to highlight water risks David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published: Friday March 13, 2009
Print This Email This A West Virginia state senator made a powerful statement to his colleagues Thursday by downing a bottle of what he called "coal slurry."
The statement was on the quality of his constituents' drinking water, which he says has in some cases become contaminated by "coal slurry," the brown water runoff produced by washing coal mined for energy production. The liquid is typically injected into underground reservoirs or abandoned coal mines, but public safety advocates say it has seeped into drinking water.
That's plenty cause for a political fracas in West Virginia, a state which saw its yearly exports boosted by the coal industry a whopping 41 percent in 2008. There, most in government have been content enough by this to even overlook reports of the coal industry displacing and losing graves and human remains.
But dare a senator to drink some "slurry" and it's a whole different story.
To drive his point home, Sen. Randy White (D-Webster) introduced a bill that aims to halt the practice of slurry injection until more is known about it.
"Introducing a bill Thursday in the Senate chamber, the Democrat from Webster County chugged from a plastic bottle filled with a cloudy brown liquid that he said was coal slurry," reported the Charleston Daily Mail.
"He asked his fellow senators to pick up similar bottles he had set on their desks and join him in a drink."
"The bottles from the senators' desks and the bottle I drank out of, it's the same thing the people who live around those slurry-injection sites are drinking every day," he said. "It's an unknown substance, an unknown liquid. It's unknown water with possible contaminants in it."
"White wouldn't reveal exactly what was in his concoction," reported the Daily Mail. "He said that's part of the point -- people don't know exactly what they're drinking."
Sen. Douglas Facemire wasn't quite expecting a bottle of "unknown toxins" under his chair.
I thought from West Virginia, we would have apple cider," he told West Virginia Public Broadcasting. "I was somewhat taken aback by it.
White drank nearly 12 ounces of the "coal slurry," he said.
This video is from WSAZ, broadcast Mar. 12, 2009.
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam:
This Bi Life: Bi and On The Ace Spectrum
4/17/2017
When I was a teenager coming into my bi identity, I was confused, maybe even a little more so than your average person questioning their sexuality. I had only ever felt sexually attracted to one person before, and even then, it had come only after years of close friendship. I had a lot of questions. Was it normal for a teenager to so seldom feel sexual attraction? Was there a difference between attraction and just finding someone good-looking? How could I know I was bi if I had only ever been attracted to one person in a sexual way?
Years later, I felt more secure in my bisexuality. By the time I was nineteen, I had been in love twice, once with a girl and once with a boy (this is not to say that relationships or sexual activity with more than one gender are required to know that you're bi – they're not). But I still felt a little odd about my very limited attractions to anyone, of any gender. I got used to being teased (mostly good-naturedly) by my friends and family for being “picky.” Most people I knew could list off ten or more people they had been attracted to, and I sometimes wondered what was wrong with me.
I had heard about asexuality on Tumblr, but it didn't quite seem to fit. Asexuality generally refers to a lack of any sexual attraction, whereas I had felt sexual attraction (and enjoyed sexual experiences). Soon, however, I started seeing other terms show up on the internet, such as ace spectrum. Ace spectrum refers to the fact that asexuality is, in fact, a spectrum, and that asexual people have a variety of experiences. So if asexuality wasn't necessarily black and white, did that mean I could be on this spectrum?
Then I came across the term demisexual. Demisexual people only feel sexual attraction once they've formed a close bond with someone, and forming a close bond does not necessarily mean that sexual attraction will ever occur. After years of feeling alone in my experience, I learned that other people felt this way, too! I was ecstatic to have a term that so accurately described me. But I worried that maybe identifying as being on the ace spectrum would mean I could no longer identify as bi. Luckily, that wasn't the case at all. Over the years I've connected with a myriad of people, both online and offline, who are on the ace spectrum and also identify as something else. You can identify as asexual and biromantic, demisexual and pansexual, gray-asexual and homoromantic, or any number of other combinations.
It was such a relief to know that I could keep my bi identity (which had become very important to me) and also acknowledge this other facet of myself. I started identifying as bi and demisexual, or bidemisexual. To me, this means that I have the potential to be attracted to someone of any gender, but only after a close bond is formed, and that I tend to experience sexual attraction far less frequently than most people.
At this point, you might be thinking, Why do you have to have a label for everything? Why can't you just be who you are? It's a question I get asked a lot. Everyone's different, and that means everyone has different feelings about labels. Some people don't like them, and that's perfectly okay. But for me, labels were an incredibly important part of understanding myself and connecting with others. I think it's wonderful that someone can search for asexuality on the internet and be given information that might make them feel less alone, or make them realize that they're not broken. There are stereotypes about millennials “making up words” on Tumblr, but when it comes to gender and sexuality, I think it's only logical for us to expand our vocabulary. There are so many ways that human (a)sexuality can manifest, so why not name our own if we want to?
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Dr. Ben Carson told Fox News' "Hannity" Monday that his goal was to "get people to move up the ladder of opportunity" through home ownership.
"Home ownership is the basis for wealth creation in this country," Carson told host Sean Hannity. "The average net worth of a homeowner is $200,000. The average net worth of a renter is $5,000. So, we've got some definite work we need to do there."
Carson, a former candidate for the 2016 presidential nomination, has kept a low profile so far at the head of HUD. However, he was the subject of controversy in recent weeks when he described poverty as a "state of mind" and compared African slaves brought to America to immigrants.
"People don't like change. They like the comfort zone in which they sit and when somebody starts talking about changing it, they become very anxious," Carson said. "I understand that, and so I expect that there will be people who are anxious about some of the things that I say, but they won't be anxious once they see the results."
Carson, who rose from the projects of Detroit to become a world-renowed brain surgeon, also said he hoped to show low-income kids possible paths off the streets.
"We're going to help people. We're not just going to say, ‘You've got to do it.' [or] ‘You've got to pull yourself up by your bootstraps.' We're going to help people do this, but we're going to give them the vision."
49ers' Ray McDonald not charged in domestic violence case
In this file photo, San Francisco 49ers' Ray McDonald sits on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys. McDonald, 29, was arrested early Sunday, Aug. 31, 2014 by San Jose Police on felony domestic violence charges. On Monday, it was announced he would not be charged. less In this file photo, San Francisco 49ers' Ray McDonald sits on the bench during the second half of an NFL football game against the Dallas Cowboys. McDonald, 29, was arrested early Sunday, Aug. 31, 2014 by San ... more Photo: LM Otero / Associated Press Photo: LM Otero / Associated Press Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close 49ers' Ray McDonald not charged in domestic violence case 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
San Francisco 49ers defensive lineman Ray McDonald will not face domestic violence charges in connection with a dispute at his San Jose home with his pregnant fiancée because prosecutors cannot prove a crime occurred, the Santa Clara County District Attorney's Office said Monday.
San Jose police had arrested and jailed McDonald on suspicion of felony domestic violence after responding to his home on Bentley Ridge Drive early Aug. 31, after a 30th birthday party that McDonald had thrown for himself. Investigators said his fiancée had “visible injuries.”
But after a lengthy review, the office of District Attorney Jeff Rosen declined to file charges.
“We have determined there is insufficient evidence to file charges against Ray McDonald,” said Deputy District Attorney Lindsay Walsh. “Both parties agreed that Jane Doe (McDonald's fiancée) struck Ray McDonald first, and her minor injuries are consistent with restraint rather than an attack. Due to conflicting accounts, the lack of eyewitnesses and the lack of cooperation on Jane Doe's part, we cannot prove that a crime occurred.”
The case garnered national attention in the wake of arrests of other NFL players for alleged domestic violence.
McDonald has suggested he was wrongly arrested. “The truth will come out,” he told reporters after being released on $25,000 bail following his arrest. “Everybody knows the kind of person that I am. I'm a goodhearted person.”
On Monday, McDonald said in a statement released by the 49ers, “I appreciate the seriousness of the situation and I understand and respect that law enforcement had a job to do, which is why I cooperated fully with their investigation from beginning to end. I am relieved that the DA's office has rightfully decided not to file charges. I want to thank everyone who was supportive during this difficult time.”
According to the district attorney's office, McDonald's fiancée, who was ten weeks pregnant, struck him at about 2:30 a.m. during an argument, prompting him to “physically restrain her.”
“The two scuffled,” prosecutors said. “McDonald then forcibly attempted to remove her from the home.”
A memorandum on the case released by the district attorney's office describes a squabble that turned physical, and began earlier in the night after McDonald grew concerned about text messages he was receiving from women he had met the night before his birthday party.
McDonald called the 49ers' security director, who in turn called Sgt. Sean Pritchard, a San Jose police officer who did private security for the team in his off hours.
Pritchard went to the house two times that evening to see McDonald, who believed one of the women who had sent text messages might be at the birthday party because she was describing what McDonald was wearing, the district attorney's office said.
Guests at the party were apparently unaware of the drama as they began to trickle out. One visitor, however, stopped by a room where McDonald's fiancée was sleeping to warn her about women “getting too friendly with McDonald,” prosecutors said.
They said McDonald's fiancée then got dressed and confronted a woman talking to McDonald, asking her to step outside. McDonald told investigators he was embarrassed and upset by this action, and concerned about his fiancée's safety because she was being aggressive and was pregnant.
The fiancée said she and McDonald argued, and that he “indicated that she was an unfit mother and threatened to take her baby.” Both parties told the district attorney's office that McDonald's fiancée struck first — though she said it was a single push, while he recounted multiple blows with a closed fist.
McDonald “forcibly attempted to remove her from the home,” at one point grabbing her neck while she was fighting back, which resulted in a “visible injury,” prosecutors said. They said his fiancée broke free and ran upstairs around 2:39 a.m., at which time McDonald called Pritchard a third time and said, “I need to get this female out of my house.”
Two minutes later, officials said, McDonald's fiancée called 911.
“Hello. I'd like to press for a domestic violence,” she said, according to a partial transcript of the 911 call released by the district attorney's office. “My fiancée, he's trying to pull me out of the house. He's drunk. I think he's calling the cops. he's trying to get me out.”
Responding police officers, who arrived after Pritchard, said McDonald was calm and cooperative, and that his fiancée — who was visibly upset and crying — didn't want him arrested. Officers arrested McDonald, though, finding he was the aggressor and he had caused a “visible injury” to his fiancée, the district attorney's office said.
That morning, prosecutors said, McDonald's fiancée sent a text to an unnamed person saying, “Sh— got way outta hand.”
“The incident consisted of a physical struggle between two parties, each party blaming the other, no verifiable eyewitness accounts, and no one left with significant injuries,” the district attorney's office said.
McDonald's fiancée refused to cooperate with investigators, and would not allow them take pictures of her injuries for evidence, which made proving whether McDonald used unreasonable force against her difficult, the district attorney's office said.
In addition, officials said, everyone interviewed by police denied seeing the altercation, except for one of McDonald's teammates. But prosecutors said the statement from that player, whom they did not identify, “lacks credibility.”
The McDonald case was complicated by the fact that when police responded to the fiancée's 911 call, Sgt. Pritchard was already there and in uniform. Pritchard, who worked security at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara, has not commented.
“The relationship between Sgt. Pritchard and the 49ers, and possible relationships between other San Jose police officers and the 49ers, required a thorough investigation including extensive interviews and search warrants to make sure neither perceived nor actual bias compromised the investigation or in turn our charging decision,” prosecutors said.
The incident raised questions about whether officers who moonlight as security guards have conflicts of interest. The San Jose police internal affairs bureau is investigating why Pritchard was at McDonald's home, and Police Chief Larry Esquivel has suspended more than a dozen officers from providing security for the Niners.
San Jose police officials would not comment on the McDonald case Monday, but said the agency is continuing to review its policies governing officers who work as security guards on the side.
“All secondary employment with the 49ers organization remains suspended until we have had time to conduct a meaningful review and analysis,” police spokeswoman Sgt. Heather Randol said in a statement.
In the wake of McDonald's arrest, San Jose police also revealed that they had responded to an earlier incident at the player's home.
In late May, officials said, officers went to the residence to deal with an altercation in which McDonald and his fiancée had an argument involving a gun. McDonald called police, and, at the time, denied that she ever pointed the firearm at him or fired it. During the investigation into the domestic violence incident, however, McDonald changed his story, saying his fiancée fired the gun into the ground as he drove away, prosecutors said.
McDonald was not suspended by the 49ers after his August arrest and has played all season. The team and the NFL have said they would allow the criminal investigation to play out.
“The issue of domestic violence is important to us, as it is throughout society. We have taken this allegation seriously, just as we have taken the principles of due process seriously,” 49ers officials said in a statement Monday.
“We have said from the beginning that we will consider the information available, allow the facts to lead to our decisions and respect the judicial process. Based on the information available to us and the District Attorney's decision not to file charges, there will be no change in Ray's status with the team.”
The NFL has been under intense public scrutiny in recent months over how it deals with players accused of domestic violence. Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice was cut by his team and suspended indefinitely by the league after video footage surfaced of him punching his then-fiancée in an Atlantic City hotel elevator, knocking her unconscious.
Before the video became public, Rice was suspended two games, which caused a backlash and prompted NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to institute harsher penalties for players involved in assault, battery, domestic-violence or sexual-assault incidents.
The Santa Clara County district attorney's office has been under a spotlight for its decisions on criminal charges involving 49ers players who live in the area. The office has charged players in some cases and cleared them in others.
In August 2013, linebacker Ahmad Brooks was arrested after allegedly hitting then-teammate Lamar Divens three times in the head with a beer bottle and punching him in the face in Brooks' driveway in San Jose. The district attorney's office decided not to file charges, concluding that the two players had a history of conflict and and that Brooks might have been acting in self-defense.
In October 2013, prosecutors charged linebacker Aldon Smith with illegally possessing three assault weapons that he had allegedly bought over the counter in Arizona, while the team was on a road trip. The weapons were found at Smith's home in the foothills east of San Jose after a June 2012 party during which he fired a handgun into the air and was stabbed, and two other people were shot, authorities said.
A judge sentenced Smith to probation on the gun charges as well as an unrelated charge of drunken driving filed against Smith after he crashed his car. Prosecutors said they thought the sentence was fair.
The NFL suspended Smith for nine games because of the Santa Clara County case and other incidents. He will be eligible to play his first game for the team this season Nov. 16.
In April, prosecutors charged cornerback Chris Culliver with misdemeanor hit and run and felony possession of brass knuckles. That followed a March incident in which Culliver allegedly drove without a license, slammed his Ford Mustang into a bicyclist in San Jose, tried to flee and then used the brass knuckles to threaten a witness who followed him. Culliver has pleaded not guilty.
Hamed Aleaziz and Evan Sernoffsky are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers. E-mail: haleaziz@sfchronicle.com, esernoffsky@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @haleaziz, @EvanSernoffsky
Image caption The first three people in Africa have been vaccinated with an experimental serum against Ebola in Mali
Leading global health experts did not anticipate the scale of the Ebola outbreak, a senior health official has told the BBC.
Chris Dye from the World Health Organization (WHO) said the international response was helping but needed to continue.
Ebola is now entrenched in the capitals of the worst-affected states - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone, WHO says.
The outbreak has killed more than 3,860 people, mainly in West Africa.
More than 200 health workers are among the victims.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WHO's Dr Chris Dye: We didn't anticipate this outbreak was going to be this big
Mr Dye said that that although no-one was in a position to anticipate the scale of the current outbreak, the important thing was to look forward.
"We've asked for a response of about $1bn (£618m); so far we have around $300m (£185m) with more being pledged, so a bit less than half of what we need but it's climbing quickly all the time," he said.
In April, the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) warned of the potential spread of the virus, but the WHO played down the claims, saying that Ebola was neither an epidemic, nor was it unprecedented.
On Friday MSF reported a sharp increase of Ebola cases in the Guinean capital, Conakry, dashing hopes that the disease was being stabilised there.
Meanwhile in Mali, an experimental serum is being tested on volunteer health workers.
The trial spans several countries, and the results will be sent to experts to determine whether it is able to protect against Ebola.
Image caption Results of the clinical trial span several countries in the region, and results will be sent to a team of experts
Image copyright EPA Image caption Ebola is taking a particularly heavy toll in Liberia
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The US military is building treatment centres to help Liberia cope with the outbreak
Meanwhile in Spain, seven more people are being monitored in hospital for Ebola.
They include two hairdressers who came into contact with Teresa Romero, a Madrid nurse who looked after an Ebola patient who had been repatriated from West Africa.
Ms Romero is now reported to be gravely ill but stable.
In other developments:
Nigeria's military has now confirmed that more than 1,300 Nigerian peacekeeping troops have been quarantined in Liberia after coming into contact with a Sudanese man who later died of the disease. It had earlier denied such reports
In Liberia, senate elections due next week have been postponed to help reduce the risk of voters spreading the virus
More details of how passengers at some British airports will be screened are expected to be announced later on Friday
The US begins its programme of enhanced screening this weekend at five of its major airports, including JFK
A Texas county sheriff deputy quarantined after visiting the home of the first person diagnosed with Ebola in the US has been given the all-clear.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The US is preparing to send troops to West Africa to fight Ebola
How not to catch Ebola
Avoid direct contact with sick patients
Wear goggles to protect eyes
Clothing and clinical waste should be incinerated and any medical equipment that needs to be kept should be decontaminated
People who recover from Ebola should abstain from sex or use condoms for three months
Why Ebola is so dangerous
How Ebola attacks
Ebola: Mapping the outbreak
Ebola facts People can catch Ebola if they are in direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person or animal Early symptoms include fever, muscle pain, headache and sore throat. This is followed by vomiting, diarrhoea and bleeding, sometimes from the eyes and mouth The current outbreak started in March in west Africa, where the worst-affected countries include Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia It is thought unlikely that the disease would spread if it did come to the UK because quarantine and communications are more developed than in parts of western Africa There is no licensed Ebola vaccine but treatments are in development
INTERACTIVE Surgical cap Goggles Medical mask Scrubs Overalls Apron Double gloves Boots Respirator Protective Ebola suit ×
× Surgical cap × The cap forms part of a protective hood covering the head and neck. It offers medical workers an added layer of protection, ensuring that they cannot touch any part of their face whilst in the treatment centre.
× Goggles × Goggles, or eye visors, are used to provide cover to the eyes, protecting them from splashes. The goggles are sprayed with an anti-fogging solution before being worn. On October 21, the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced stringent new guidelines for healthcare personnel who may be dealing with Ebola patients. In the new guidelines, health workers are advised to use a single use disposable full face shield as goggles may not provide complete skin coverage.
× Medical mask × Covers the mouth to protect from sprays of blood or body fluids from patients. When wearing a respirator, the medical worker must tear this outer mask to allow the respirator through.
× Respirator × A respirator is worn to protect the wearer from a patient's coughs. According to guidelines from the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF), the respirator should be put on second, right after donning the overalls.
× Medical Scrubs × A surgical scrub suit, durable hospital clothing that absorbs liquid and is easily cleaned, is worn as a baselayer underneath the overalls. It is normally tucked into rubber boots to ensure no skin is exposed.
× Overalls × The overalls are placed on top of the scrubs. These suits are similar to hazardous material (hazmat) suits worn in toxic environments. The team member supervising the process should check that the equipment is not damaged.
× Double gloves × A minimum two sets of gloves are required, covering the suit cuff. When putting on the gloves, care must be taken to ensure that no skin is exposed and that they are worn in such a way that any fluid on the sleeve will run off the suit and glove. Medical workers must change gloves between patients, performing thorough hand hygiene before donning a new pair. Heavy-duty gloves are used whenever workers need to handle infectious waste.
× Apron × A waterproof apron is placed on top of the overalls as a final layer of protective clothing.
× Boots × Ebola health workers typically wear rubber boots, with the scrubs tucked into the footwear. If boots are unavailable, workers must wear closed, puncture and fluid-resistant shoes.
Are you in West Africa? How has Ebola affected you? You can email your experiences to haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk.
If you would like to see more articles like this please support our coverage of the space program by becoming a Spaceflight Now Member . If everyone who enjoys our website helps fund it, we can expand and improve our coverage further.
Japan's 35th H-2A rocket blasted off Saturday from the Tanegashima Space Center, flying into orbit in its most powerful configuration with a geostationary navigation satellite.
The 174-foot-tall (53-meter) rocket took off at 0529 GMT (1:29 a.m. EDT; 2:29 p.m. Japan Standard Time) with Michibiki 3, the third in a series of at least four Japanese navigation aids designed to improve GPS coverage over the Asia-Pacific.
Japanese school children recorded videos calling out times during the H-2A's terminal countdown.
Read our full story for details on the mission.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Andrew Neilson attacks the tabloid reporting of crime and punishment and provides an evidence based argument for sentencing reform.
Andrew Neilson is a assistant director and head of public affairs and policy at the Howard League for Penal Reform
There is nothing the tabloid newspapers hate more than a politician who blithely confesses that he doesn't read them. The Justice secretary Ken Clarke is one of this rare breed.
His insouciance merely makes the papers more desperate to insult him. The Daily Mail, for example, has spent months campaigning for Clarke to be ousted, inventing ever more bizarre claims/bouts-of-wishful-thinking, such as the idea back in February that an imminent reshuffle would see Clarke forced to do a jobshare with Michael Howard, of all people. The Sun too, often gets frothy at the mouth in its regular editorial attacks on Clarke.
The decisions which can have profound effects on people's lives – both victims and those who are charged with an offence – should be made coolly, rationally, and with the full facts of the case at the sentencer's disposal. As for the sentence itself, it should be handed down because it is going to be the most effective intervention, the one that is most likely to see an individual desist from offending.
The Sun's latest attack on Clarke, came after it reported a four year old girl was injured when a teenager through a brick into a van window. In an editorial, The Sun tell us that this incident is the “price Britain is paying for craven surrender to the mob”. It then claims that:
“Ken Clarke is the best mate yobs ever had. He doesn't believe they should go to jail.”
There is no evidence that Ken Clarke believes that someone who injures a four year old girl should not go to jail. It would be wrong to comment in detail on this incident without full possession of the facts, but while the Ministry of Justice sentencing green paper makes many proposals for reform it is far from obvious that these proposals would prevent a custodial sentence if this case goes to trial. Indeed, it is worth pointing out that although The Sun may work itself into a frenzy, the paper's own story acknowledges that a 17 year old has now been remanded into custody charged with attempted wounding with intent.
It is quite possible, in fact, that it is The Sun which is the best mate yobs ever had, at least if the ‘yobs' want to stay ‘yobs'. As the Howard League regularly points out, the re-offending rate for under 18s in custody is a staggering 75 per cent. For at least twice the price (and in the case of privately run child jails, five or six times the price) of a year at Eton College, sending a child into custody will see only one in four go on to desist from offending.
On being released, these young people are trapped in the cycle of crime, or the revolving door between custody and the community. Indeed, the Howard League is shortly due to publish research into short prison sentences which shows that spells in custody can reduce the ability of individuals to take responsibility and make a return to prison ‘inevitable'. Also many prisoners state a preference for a short prison sentence over a community intervention because a few weeks in prison is preferable to the demands of a sentence which is actually designed to tackle the underlying causes of offending behaviour.
I'm sure The Sun would never let these facts get in the way of a good story, however. Not unlike the cycle of offending, the tabloid newspapers are engaged in an ever-worsening cycle of misrepresentation and spin about Ken Clarke and his supposed intentions. The more he ignores them, the worse the reporting gets. For the sake of good policy, if not good journalism, here's hoping he continues to ignore them.
URGENT APPEAL: We need to raise £10,000 in the next few weeks to keep holding the right to account. Help us build a better media and back the crowdfunder to keep Left Foot Forward's progressive journalism alive.
The Swedish military did not confirm allegations that “a damaged Russian submarine” is being hunted for in waters east of Stockholm, while adding that a search for a “foreign vessel” is ongoing. Moscow said none of its military vessels have been damaged.
Sweden deploys troops near Stockholm due to alleged underwater threat
The official statement by the Swedish military said the search around the Stockholm archipelago was due to “alien underwater activity."
However, Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet cited “several persons with knowledge about the ongoing search operation” to say that the operation was launched after a radio communication in Russian was detected in the area. The communication was reportedly transmitted on a special frequency, used by Russia in emergency situations.
Swedish Rear Adm. Anders Grenstad dismissed the newspaper's report on Sunday, stating that the country's military had “no information" about emergency messages that would suggest it was a Russian submarine in distress.
He did confirm that it was “a foreign vessel,” and that there had been three sightings since Friday.
Grenstad showed a photograph to reporters on Sunday morning, which he said was taken by a “source.”
“He saw something that was on the surface and after he took the picture it disappeared again,” Grenstad said. Due to the poor quality of the image, it was impossible to see the nationality of the vessel.
He further denied media reports that the Swedish military was involved in a “submarine hunt.”
“It's about collecting intelligence to establish that there is foreign underwater activity,” said Grenstad, adding that the area being watched is of particular “interest to a foreign power.”
An official in the Russian Defense Ministry, however, denied on Sunday any failures in Russian military vessels.
“Russian military submarines as well as surface-craft are on planned missions in and around the world,” the source told RT. “No extraordinary, let alone emergency situations have happened to Russian military vessels.”
Over 200 troops, helicopters, stealth ships and minesweepers have been searching the waters of the Baltic Sea since Friday, in what has been described as Sweden's largest military mobilization since the end of the Cold War.
The operation invoked memories of the 1981 incident when a Soviet U-boat ran aground near Sweden's largest naval base, causing an international row.
Direct democracy as a safeguard to limit public spending
Patricia Funk, Christina Gathmann
As debt crises hit on both sides of the Atlantic, a safe haven for many investors has been Switzerland. This column looks at Swiss public spending over the last century and argues that one reason for its low debt may be its greater use of direct democracy, where people vote on individual policies, as opposed to representative democracy, where people elect others to make decisions on their behalf.
The current debt crisis in Europe and North America raises the question of how to impose spending discipline on governments and politicians. A country with historically low government spending is Switzerland, which many argue is related to the high use of direct democracy. Direct democracy is also prevalent in other countries such as the United States, where more than two thirds of the population lives in a state or city with a popular initiative. Comparing data on postwar spending in states with more or less direct democracy, the empirical evidence points to a strong negative correlation between a region's spending level and the existence of direct democracy in both the United States and Switzerland (Feld and Matsusaka 2003, Matsusaka 2004).
What is the mechanism behind this negative correlation? Do citizens, if equipped with direct democratic participation rights, cause government spending to decline? Or, are citizens in areas with strong direct democracy just fiscally more conservative than voters in other areas – and therefore have lower public spending?
Evidence from spending in the Swiss cantons, 1890–2000
To answer this question, we put together a comprehensive new data set with detailed information on direct democratic institutions in all Swiss regions over more than a century. Switzerland has a strong federalism where ‘cantons' (comparable to the US states) play an important role. In fact, all political responsibilities remain with the canton unless they are granted to the federal government in a national referendum. In 2007, 45% of all government spending was undertaken by the cantons, 31% by the federal and 26% by local governments. Cantons have a lot of autonomy in the provision of public goods, and the authority to tax labour and capital income. As a result, there is a lot of heterogeneity in taxes, public spending, and – most importantly for this study – political institutions, across cantons. The study focuses on the direct democratic institutions most relevant for fiscal policy: the mandatory budget referendum and the voter initiative.
The mandatory budget referendum (currently in place in about 60% of the cantons) gives citizens the power to approve or reject government projects when its (one-time or recurring) expenditures exceed a certain monetary threshold (the exact threshold is set in the canton constitution). The voter initiative in turn allows citizens to propose entirely new laws – for example, limits on spending growth. While all cantons have the voter initiative, there is substantial variation in the number of signatures required to get an initiative on the ballot. Therefore, a lower signature requirement (measured in terms of eligible voters) facilitates the use of direct democracy.
The long horizon of our analysis – more than 100 years – has the advantage that almost all cantons changed their direct democratic institutions (often multiple times). Our study then estimates what happens to public spending if a canton adopts – or abolishes – the mandatory budget referendum, or facilitates voter initiatives by reducing its signature requirement. It does this by comparing cantons to other similar cantons without such reforms. We control for permanent differences between cantons that affect spending with the inclusion of canton fixed effects. We also control for other observable canton characteristics such as population composition, or the economic structure. Most importantly, we explicitly construct measures of voter preferences in a canton from several hundred voting decisions in federal referendums (see Funk and Gathmann 2011a for details).
To address the concern of reverse causality, ie the possibility that public spending results in institutional reforms rather than the reverse, we use an instrumental variable approach. Since all direct democratic participation rights are set down in the constitution, institutional reform necessarily requires a change of the canton's constitution. Our first instrument is then the barriers to amending the canton's constitution. As a second instrument, we use changes in direct democracy in the neighbouring cantons. Both instruments affect the provision of direct democracy in a canton, but are plausibly unrelated to a cantons' public spending. Empirical identification of the causal effect of direct democracy on public spending is then achieved by instrumental variables combined with canton fixed effects.
We find that:
Having a mandatory budget referendum in place reduces public spending by 12%.
Voter initiatives that allow citizens to propose new laws also lower public spending. For every 1% reduction in the signature requirement, public spending declines by 0.6%.
The constraints imposed by direct democracy at the state level do not result in more local spending. This result suggests that state politicians cannot avoid the disciplining effect of direct democracy by simply shifting responsibilities to lower levels of government.
In sum, this study shows that direct democracy indeed causes a decline in public spending, though the relationship is weaker than is suggested by a naive comparison of spending across states with and without direct democracy. Apparently, voters are fiscally more conservative than elected politicians, and the tools of direct democracy help them to get their preferences better represented.
References
Feld, LP and JG Matsusaka (2003), “Budget Referendums and Government Spending: Evidence from Swiss Cantons”, Journal of Public Economics, 87:2703–2724.
Funk, P and C Gathmann (2011a), “Preferences Matter! Voter Preferences, Direct Democracy and Government Spending”, Unpublished Manuscript.
Funk, P and C Gathmann (2011b), “Does Direct Democracy Reduce the Size of Government? New Evidence from Historical Data, 1890-2000”, Economic Journal, 121(557):1252-1280.
Matsusaka, JG (2004), For the Many or the Few: The Initiative, Public Policy, and American Democracy, Chicago: University of Chicago Press.
Oregon State quarterback Marcus McMaryion, who started six games for the Beavers last year, has elected to transfer.
The decision comes less than a week after coach Gary Andersen named junior college transfer Jake Luton the Beavers' starter headed into the season. McMaryion, a junior, has graduated and has two seasons of eligibility remaining. He will be eligible to play immediately.
"After much thought, consideration, and discussion with my family I would like to announce that I am transferring from Oregon State," McMaryion said in a statement. "I want to thank the fans of Beaver Nation, the coaching and academic staff, and my teammates for a great three years. As I close this chapter of my life as a graduate, the next chapter awaits. It has been a privilege representing this program on and off the field. For my OSU brothers on the field, remain 11 strong and have a great season."
Marcus McMaryion will transfer after Jake Luton was named Oregon State's starting QB. Kelley L Cox/USA TODAY Sports
McMaryion was the co-starter to begin the season in 2015, but eventually settled into the backup job. Last year, he started the final six games of the year -- including wins against Arizona and Oregon to close the season -- and finished 101-of-170 for 1,286 yards with 10 touchdown passes and five interceptions.
"Marcus has contributed much to our program on and off the field during his time here," Andersen said. "We support him in his decision and wish him well as he continues his career on the field and in his studies."
With McMaryion's departure, Darell Garretson will serve as the Beavers' primary backup.
Update: See also Part 2
When all the dust had settled and the knife rampage in Tokyo's Akihabara district last Sunday, which took the lives of seven people and left at least 17 injured, had come to a close, many were left wondering what it all really meant. Some pointed the finger at video games, while others pushed for stronger net monitoring. But while news media commentators tried to ease anxiety [ja] that there might be deeper social forces at play in murderer Tomohiro Kato's motives, bloggers offered less simplistic interpretations.
Video taken just after the killing
One of the common themes that many bloggers were writing about are the conditions of so-called temp workers (“haken rōdōsha”, or in Japanese 派遣労働者). Between 2000 and 2007, the number of temp workers in Japan, hired on short-term contracts at lower wages than full-time employees and with very little job security, increased by 4.5 million. Kato worked at an automobile factory of Kanto Auto Works (関東自動車) under Toyota, contracted through temp agency Nikken Sogyo Co. [ja] (日研総業).
At the webpage of allneetnippon, an NGO tackling the problems of Japan's working poor, director Yamamoto Shigeru (山本繁) gives an indication of what temp work is like:
派遣のような期限の決められた働き方では、安定的な人間関係はなかなか生まれない。3ヶ月や半年、長くても2年、3年で職場を転々としていく。しかもそれが自分だけではないから、孤立化に一層拍車がかかっていく……。
The kind of fixed-period work that you get in temp employment hardly ever results in stable relationships. You switch workplaces every 3 months or one year, or at most every two or three years. And this is not just you [it is other people as well], so isolation will further increase….
昨日の秋葉原の事件についてネットでいろいろ調べたりして、孤独が絶望を生んでいるように僕には思える。静岡のど田舎で自動車部品工場で働きながら、派遣会社が用意した単身者用住居に住み込みで働く生活は、どれほど寂しく、苦しいものだろうか。
I had a look around at various places on the net about the incident yesterday in Akihabara,and my feeling [from what I found] is that isolation is giving birth to a despair. Working at an auto parts factory in a rural place like Shizuoka, living in a single-room residence prepared by the temp agency, is there any more lonely, any more painful a life than this?
In an article at magazine9, Amamiya Karin (雨宮処凜) describes meeting someone who had been working at a Toyota factory through the same temp agency:
昨年末、名古屋である男性に会った。犯人と同じ日研総業から愛知県のトヨタ車体の工場に派遣されていた２４歳の男性は、昨年９月１８日、「１０月９日をもって雇い止め」と通告された。幸い彼は労組に加入していたので団体交渉をし、「一ヵ月の生活保障」「(それまで住んでいた)寮の確保」、「就業先の紹介」を勝ち取った。が、日研総業はその一ヵ月の間、彼に一件の仕事も紹介せず、一ヵ月が経つと賃金を打ち切り、会社の借り上げアパートである寮から追い出した。その結果、彼は路頭に迷い、名古屋のホームレス一時保護所に収容された。
At the end of last year, I met a guy from Nagoya. Just like the offender [Tomohiro Kato], he had been dispatched by Nikken Sogyo to a Toyota car frame factory in Aichi prefecture, and received a notice on September 18th that: “On October 10th, your employment will be terminated.” Luckily he had joined the labor union so he entered into collective bargaining, and he was able to win “one month of life security”, “guarantee [that he could stay in] the dorm (where he had been living up until then)”, and “referral(s) for future employment”. But in that period of one month, Nikken Sogyo [the temp agency] did not refer him to a single job, and when the one month was over his wages stopped and he was thrown out of his dorm which he had been renting from the company. As a result, he ended up on the streets, and within a short time he was admitted into a Nagoya homeless shelter.
Blogger qushanxin brings up the issue of discrimination against so-called “NEETs” and “freeters” in Japanese society:
貧困をめぐる社会運動は生存に軸足を置いているが、やはりそれと同時に差別を問題にしなければならない。というのは、もし「フリーター」と呼ばれる人々に、彼らが求める水準の生活保護や社会保障が充足されたとしても、安定した正社員層の、「なんで努力もしていない連中に俺たちの税金が・・・」というルサンチマンがむしろ募っていくだけだからである（これは「日本社会に溶け込む努力もしていない外国人なんぞに・・・」という人種差別の理屈と紙一重である）。何度も書いてきたことだが、マックやコンビニの店員が「まもとな社会人」として認知されるべきだという規範的な問題が、生存の問題と同時に語られなければならない。両者は密接な因果関係にあり、一方だけを切り離して論じると非常に危険であると考える。今の「生存」を掲げる運動には、「小難しい規範的なことなど生存が満たされてから考えればよいこと」という雰囲気を感じるが、これは全く間違っていると言っておきたい。
The social movement surrounding poverty centers itself on [the issue] of survival, but actually it must at the same time also question the problem of discrimination. I say this because, suppose for example that the demands for standard livelihood protection and social security of the people called “freeters” were satisfied, this would just cause the resentment that “our tax money is going to those guys who don't even work hard…” to build up among regular full-time employees with stable work (there is a fine line between this idea and the racist theory of “foreigners who do not even try to blend into Japanese society…”). I've written this many times before, but the problem of survival has to be discussed together with the normative problem that employees of McDonald's and convenience stores must be recognized as “true members of society” [shakaijin]. Both problems are closely correlated, and I think it is thus extremely dangerous to separate them and deal with them on their own. One can sense in the movement right now for “survival” an atmosphere of “we can think about the troublesome normative issues once survival is satisfied”, but what I want to say is that this [thinking] is totally mistaken.
今回の秋葉原の事件がこの問題に関係しているのかどうかわからないが、もしそうだと仮定としたとして、犯罪心理学者とかいう肩書きの人が言っているような「自己顕示欲」「不満の吐け口」という無内容な解釈ではなく、私はもっとスレートに、秋葉原に歩いているような「普通の市民」（実際そうではないとしても）を憎悪していた可能性のほうが高いと考えるべきである。つまり、「フリーター」や「ニート」と呼ばれるような人々にとっては、「普通の市民」こそが日々侮蔑的・差別的な視線を自分たちに向ける当事者であるがゆえに彼らを攻撃する、と考えるほうが素直に理解できるように思われるのである。
I am not sure if this relates to the incident in Akihabara, but if we take the above to be true, then rather than interpretations without any substance by people with titles like criminal psychologist about “people who crave the limelight” and “release of dissatisfaction”, one should instead consider the possibility to be stronger that he had hatred for the “average citizen” like those walking around Akihabara (even if in actual fact this was not so). In other words, for people like those referred to as “freeters” and “NEETs”, it is exactly the “average citizen” who every day targets their gaze of contempt and discrimination at them, and this is why they attack them; it would seem easier to come to an honest understanding [of this issue] by thinking about it in this way.
At a thread on 2channel titled “Kato is our friend” (加藤はおれたちの仲間), differing views were expressed. Some disagreed with the title of the thread (comment #11):
11：名無しさん＠毎日が日曜日：2008/06/08(日) 23:06:03 ID:OzKp/XrY
こんなテロ事件を起こしても世直しにはならない。逆効果だ。
こういう事件が起こっていちばん喜んでいるのはむしろ勝ち組。
勝ち組の仕掛けたワープアネガティブキャンペーンの罠に
加藤はまんまと自分からかかりにいった裏切り者の大馬鹿者。
This kind of terror will not improve the world. [It has the] opposite effect.
The ones who are the most pleased with this incident are those from the winning side.
Kato is a complete idiot, a traitor who thoroughly fell for the trap set up by the winning side,
a negative campaign against the working poor.
Comment number 16 disagreed with criticisms of the temp employment system:
16 ：名無しさん＠毎日が日曜日：2008/06/09(月) 00:01:22 ID:m9O5agz5
秋葉原無差別殺人事件で派遣制度を叩くスレが多いけど、それを批判するのは違うんじゃね？
派遣制度がなければ仕事にも就けずホームレスになってた奴なんて数えきれないほど出てくるだろ。
結局本人の甘え、スキルの問題なわけだし、仕事を選ぶから派遣をやってるわけだしな。
都市部の派遣社員より給与が低く、賞与もなく、待遇も悪い名ばかり正社員だって数十万人はいる。
派遣が悪いわけでも、社会が悪いわけでも無い。 全て個人の責任だよ
There are a lot of threads on the Akihabara indiscriminate murder incident attacking the temporary employment system, but seems to me that they're criticizing the wrong thing.
Countless examples have come out of people who would be homeless if there was no temporary employment system.
In the end he depended too much on the kindness of others, it was a problem of skill, and he was working at a temp job because he was picky about his work.
There are hundreds of thousands of nominally full-time workers whose wages are lower than temp employees in urban areas, who get no bonuses and who are treated badly.
Temp agencies are not bad, nor is society. It's all the individual's responsibility.
Many however expressed sympathy with Kato, like this one (number 18):
18 ：かばわ(2チャンのドン)：2008/06/09(月) 12:58:38 ID:+aeuC22C
悪いけどオレは加藤のおかげで自信が付いた
今なら加藤までは行かないけどすごいことができると思う
加藤ありがとう 勇気を与えてくれて 感謝してる
It's bad to say, but it is thanks to Kato that I've gained confidence.
I wouldn't go as far as to do what he did, but I think I could do something amazing now.
Thank you Kato – You have given me confidence – I am grateful
Blogger naoya_fujita at the deconstruKction of right, though, doesn't buy the arguments supporting Kato on 2channel threads and in blogs:
まず、彼が若年者雇用の鬱屈の表現者であるならば、なぜ犠牲者は同じく若年者を狙ったのか。資本主義の祝祭都市で消費を享受しているから敵だと思ったのか。本来狙うべき敵はエスタブリッシュ層や経済エリートなどではないか。もちろん、通り魔なんてまったく肯定はしないが、もし仮にやるとしても、本当に最後の手段として暴力を使うとしても、被害を最小限にして効果を最大限にするべきで、本当にやるんだったら経団連を爆破とか国会に突入とかするべきなのだ。なぜしなかったのか。近づけないからである。
First of all, if he is a representative of the gloom of young people about employment, then why did he choose the same young people as his victims? Did he think of them as his enemies because they were enjoying consumption in the festival city of capitalism? The enemies he should be aiming at are the establishment class, or the economic elites, no? Of course, I absolutely do not agree with something as terrible as a mass stabbing, but just for argument's sake suppose that you were going to do something, and suppose that as a measure of last resort you were going to use violence, you should minimize the damage while maximizing the effects, and if you were going to really do it you should do something like blow up the Keidanren or break into the National Diet. Why didn't he do that? It's because he can't go near them.
エスタブリッシュメント層は、公的、私的にセキュリティを上げている。ゲーテッドシティにしたり、警備員をつけたり、監視カメラをつけたり、オートロックにしたりである。私のような貧乏人はオートロックには住めない。これはどういうことか。つまり、通り魔をやっても、殺されるのは貧乏人だけということになるのだ。セキュリティを金で買う余裕のない人間が、最も殺されることになる。ということは、エスタブリッシュメント層にしてみたら、貧困をケアすることによるリスクの低下（暴動をしなくさせたり左翼革命を起こさせなくする）ということに金を出すより、自分たち自身のセキュリティを上げて、貧困な人たちは貧困な世界で殺しあえばいい、という風に、分断するつもりだと思われるからだ。これがセキュリティ社会だ。だから、「あんまり貧困に追い詰めてるとここまで鬱屈して爆発するんだぞ！」という恫喝も無効なのだ。「だったらセキュリティ上げて君たちを排除する」となる。すると本来の敵ではなく味方同士で殺しあうことになる。今回の通り魔など、その地獄絵図だ。
The establishment class suggests security in a public and private setting. Forming gated communities, installing security guards, switching to auto-locking [doors]. Poor people like me can't live in [places] with autolocks. So what is this about? What I am saying is that even though you carry out a massacre, the ones who are killed end up being poor people. People without any extra money to pay for security end up being the ones that are killed the most. Which is to say, the reason is that if you think about it from the view of the establishment class, it is better to point to people's personal security than it is to spend money reducing the risks involved in caring for the poor (by putting down rebellions and preventing left-wing revolutions from happening); if poor people commit murders among the world of the poor then so much the better [from the point of view of the establishment class] — seems to me that is the way this situation should be analyzed. That's the security society. So threats of “don't drive us to poverty or we will become so miserable that we will explode like this!” have no effect. [You get a response like]: “If that's the way it is, then we'll raise security and get rid of you guys.” And when that happens, you end up murdering not the true enemy, but your fellow companion. What you get is a picture of hell, like the mass stabbing that happened this time.
The location of the killing was the discussion topic of many blog posts. Blogger paraselene at END_OF_SCAN was almost in Akihabara when the killing happened:
たまたま昨日のビリフリでアキバのラーメンの話をしたので、美味しいラーメン屋を探して食べようという気になったのであって、ホントわずかな違いであそこに居合わせたかもしれないと思うとぞっとします。
Just by chance there was some talk last night about ramen in Akiba, so I was thinking that I'd go find a good ramen place and have a bite to eat. I shiver when I think that if things had been just a little bit different I might have been there when it happened.
交差点の惨状を見たとき、とてもその場に居続けることができなかった。無政府状態近かったし、またどこに危険があるかわからなかったし。
When I saw the disastrous scene at the intersection, I absolutely couldn't stay there. It was close to anarchy, and I wasn't sure if there was still any danger.
In a post that was bookmarked by many Hatena users [ja], blogger klov asks why Akihabara has become a place for “spectacles”:
従来は種々のオタクと呼ばれる人々がコミュニケーションを志向して集う空間であったのが、近年のメディアの露出を通して秋葉原という都市に共通の記号を見出し、スペクタクル志向空間になっている。よくオタクが「俺たちの知っている秋葉原は死んだ…！」と嘆くのは、こうしたコミュニケーション志向空間から、メディアを通じて喚起されるスペクタクル志向空間に変わったことを指すのではないか。
Up until now, it had the atmosphere of a place where a variety of so-called otaku gathered with the intention of communicating, but through recent media exposure common symbols in the city called Akihabara have been uncovered, and its atmosphere has become oriented toward spectacle. It would seem that the mourning of otaku that “the Akihabara we knew has died…!” points to the transformation from a communication-oriented space to a space that, roused through the media, is oriented toward spectacle.
For much much more about this story, see a fantastic round-up by north2015 at N.S.S.BranchOffice [ja]. See also the last messages (explained in this Mainichi article) posted by Kato in Japanese, reproduced by blogger coldcup [ja]. For more background on Toyota's changing business strategy (related to the use of temp workers), see this article from 2007.
Thanks to Taku Nakajima for link suggestions.
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" stars Mark Hamill and Daisy Ridley attend the premiere of the film on December 12. File Photo by Rune Hellestad/UPI | License Photo
"Star Wars: The Last Jedi" star Laura Dern. A scene from the sci-fi sequel has prompted theaters to leave a warning for moviegoers. File Photo by Jim Ruymen/UPI | License Photo
Dec. 26 (UPI) -- Movie theaters are issuing warnings to audiences attending screenings of Star Wars: The Last Jedi over a scene in the film that contains no sound.
Theaters including AMC have posted signs that explain to moviegoers that the scene is intentionally silent and that no technical difficulties are taking place.
"Please note: The Last Jedi contains a sequence at approximately 1 hour and 52 minutes into the movie in which ALL sound stops for about 10 full seconds," reads a note posted by AMC that was shared on Facebook by comedian Paul Scheer.
"While the images continue to play on the screen you will hear nothing. This is intentionally done by the director for a creative effect."
The scene involves star Laura Dern as Holdo crashing her ship at light-speed directly into a First Order destroyer. The ensuing crash and explosion are seen on-screen with no sound.
Star Wars: The Last Jedi arrived in theaters on Dec. 15. The latest entry in the Star Wars saga topped the North American box office Sunday for a second weekend in a row, taking in $68.5 million.
Spring Boot can run as a standalone server, but putting it behind an Apache web server has several advantages, such as load balancing and cluster management. Now with LetsEncrypt it's easier than ever (and free) to secure your site with SSL.
In this tutorial, we'll secure an Apache server with SSL and forward requests to a Spring Boot app running on the same machine. (And once you're done you can add Stormpath's Spring Boot integration for robust, secure identity
management that sets up in minutes.)
Set Up Your Spring Boot Application
The most basic Spring Boot web application just shows a homepage. Using Maven, this has four files: pom.xml , Application.java , RequestController.java , and home.html .
The pom.xml file (in the root folder) declares four things: application details, starter parent, starter web dependency, and the Maven plugin (for convenience in running from the console).
<project> <modelVersion>4.0.0</modelVersion> <groupId>com.stormpath.sample</groupId> <artifactId>basic-web</artifactId> <version>0.1.0</version> <parent> <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId> <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-parent</artifactId> <version>1.4.0.RELEASE</version> </parent> <dependencies> <dependency> <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId> <artifactId>spring-boot-starter-web</artifactId> </dependency> </dependencies> <build> <plugins> <plugin> <groupId>org.springframework.boot</groupId> <artifactId>spring-boot-maven-plugin</artifactId> </plugin> </plugins> </build> </project> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 < project > < modelVersion > 4.0.0 < / modelVersion > < groupId > com . stormpath . sample < / groupId > < artifactId > basic - web < / artifactId > < version > 0.1.0 < / version > < parent > < groupId > org . springframework . boot < / groupId > < artifactId > spring - boot - starter - parent < / artifactId > < version > 1.4.0.RELEASE < / version > < / parent > < dependencies > < dependency > < groupId > org . springframework . boot < / groupId > < artifactId > spring - boot - starter - web < / artifactId > < / dependency > < / dependencies > < build > < plugins > < plugin > < groupId > org . springframework . boot < / groupId > < artifactId > spring - boot - maven - plugin < / artifactId > < / plugin > < / plugins > < / build > < / project >
Application.java (src/main/Java/com/stormpath/tutorial) simply declares the app part of Spring Boot.
@SpringBootApplication public class Application { public static void main(String[] args) { SpringApplication.run(Application.class, args); } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 @ SpringBootApplication public class Application { public static void main ( String [ ] args ) { SpringApplication . run ( Application . class , args ) ; } }
RequestController.java (src/main/java/com/stormpath/tutorial) maps all requests to the homepage.
@Controller public class RequestController { @RequestMapping("/") String home() { return "home.html"; } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 @ Controller public class RequestController { @ RequestMapping ( "/" ) String home ( ) { return "home.html" ; } }
Finally home.html (src/main/resources/static) is just declares a title and message.
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> <head><title>My App</title></head> <body><h1>Hello there</h1></body> </html> 1 2 3 4 5 6 < ! DOCTYPE html > < html > < head > < title > My App < / title > < / head > < body > < h1 > Hello there < / h1 > < / body > < / html >
Note: you can clone this basic project from the GitHub repo.
Next, run:
mvn spring-boot:run 1 2 mvn spring - boot : run
You should see the page when browsing to localhost:8080 .
Launch Apache
Next, we need to fire up Apache. I created an Ubuntu instance on EC2 (check out the AWS Documentation for a getting started guide). I then logged in and installed Apache with the following:
sudo apt-get install apache2 1 2 sudo apt - get install apache2
This should install and start an Apache server running on port 80 . After adding HTTP to the instance inbound security group (again here, the AWS Documentation contains a guide) you should be able to browse to the public DNS.
Add LetsEncrypt
LetsEncrypt has policies against generating certificates for certain domains. amazonaws.com is one of them (because they are normally transient). You need to add a CNAME to a personal domain that points to the instance you created. Here I'm using kewp.net.za .
The following commands should install SSL certificates to your domain automatically.
sudo git clone https://github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt /opt/letsencrypt cd /opt/letsencrypt ./letsencrypt-auto --apache -d kewp.net.za 1 2 3 4 sudo git clone https : //github.com/letsencrypt/letsencrypt /opt/letsencrypt cd / opt / letsencrypt . / letsencrypt - auto -- apache - d kewp . net . za
Browsing to your personal domain should now bring up the Apache homepage with SSL.
Note: Chrome didn't like the security of my page (I didn't get the green icon) because the standard Ubuntu front-end returns unencrypted ( http ) contents.
Build a Connector for Spring Boot
We have to tell Spring Boot to make a connector using AJP, a proxy protocol that connects Apache to Tomcat. To do this dd the following to the bottom of the class in Application.java .
@Bean public EmbeddedServletContainerFactory servletContainer() { TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory tomcat = new TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory(); Connector ajpConnector = new Connector("AJP/1.3"); ajpConnector.setProtocol("AJP/1.3"); ajpConnector.setPort(9090); ajpConnector.setSecure(false); ajpConnector.setAllowTrace(false); ajpConnector.setScheme("http"); tomcat.addAdditionalTomcatConnectors(ajpConnector); return tomcat; } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 @ Bean public EmbeddedServletContainerFactory servletContainer ( ) { TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory tomcat = new TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory ( ) ; Connector ajpConnector = new Connector ( "AJP/1.3" ) ; ajpConnector . setProtocol ( "AJP/1.3" ) ; ajpConnector . setPort ( 9090 ) ; ajpConnector . setSecure ( false ) ; ajpConnector . setAllowTrace ( false ) ; ajpConnector . setScheme ( "http" ) ; tomcat . addAdditionalTomcatConnectors ( ajpConnector ) ; return tomcat ; }
We're setting the AJP port to 9090 manually. You might want to add a variable to application.properties and pull it in with @Value to make it more configurable.
Restart the app as above and you should see messages that Tomcat is now listening on both port 8080 and 9090 . Note: the Github repository above has the connector code included so you can just use that from the start.
Run the Application on Your Instance
In the screenshots above I've been running the web app on my local Windows machine for testing. To get it to run on your instance just do the following.
git clone https://github.com/stormpath/apache-ssl-tutorial cd apache-ssl-tutorial mvn spring-boot:run 1 2 3 4 git clone https : //github.com/stormpath/apache-ssl-tutorial cd apache - ssl - tutorial mvn spring - boot : run
Reroute Apache
Now we tell Apache to pass all traffic to our application. We can use the proxy and proxy_ajp modules for that. But first, we need to enable them.
sudo a2enmod proxy sudo a2enmod proxy_ajp 1 2 3 sudo a2enmod proxy sudo a2enmod proxy _ ajp
Now we need to update the virtual host on port 443 to use the connector we created. For me the relevant file was in /etc/apache2/sites-available/000-default-le-ssl.conf . Add the follow to the bottom of the <VirtualHost *.443> element.
ProxyPass / ajp://localhost:9090/ ProxyPassReverse / ajp://localhost:9090/ 1 2 3 ProxyPass / ajp : //localhost:9090/ ProxyPassReverse / ajp : //localhost:9090/
And at last, restart the server.
sudo service apache2 restart 1 2 sudo service apache2 restart
Add Another Security Group
Now we need to ensure that EC2 is going to allow traffic to HTTPS. Add HTTPS to the inbound security group as before.
Fire Up Your New (Secure) Spring Boot Application!
Now when you browse to your domain, you should see our Spring Boot web app, secured behind SSL!
Configure SSL Between Apache and Tomcat
One last thing. The traffic between Apache and Tomcat is currently unencrypted (HTTP). This can be a problem for some apps (like Stormpath – which requires a secure connection). To fix this, we use something called Tomcat's RemoteIpValve . Enable this by adding the following to your application.properties .
server.tomcat.remote_ip_header=x-forwarded-for server.tomcat.protocol_header=x-forwarded-proto 1 2 3 server . tomcat . remote_ip_header = x - forwarded - for server . tomcat . protocol_header = x - forwarded - proto
Apache will set these headers by default and then Tomcat (embedded in Spring Boot) will properly identify the incoming traffic as SSL.
Add Authentication
Application security is intrinsic to what we do here at Stormpath. Our team of Java security experts have just released the 1.0 version of our Java SDK, and with it massive updates to our Spring and Spring Boot integrations. You can add authentication for secure user management in this or any Spring Boot application in just 15 minutes! Check out our Spring Boot Quickstart to learn how!
Display (Show Metric Units) Screen Size 55" Diagonal Display Technology Projection Light Engine DLP Resolution 1280x720 Pixel Pitch ** Aspect Ratio 16:9 Contrast Ratio 1800:1 Brightness 350 cd/m2 Displayable Colors ** Viewing Angle ** Display Life 6,000 hours Response Time ** Screen Filter ** Compatibility Color System NTSC, ATSC Formats 480i, 480p, 720p, 1080i Inputs S-Video 4-pin DIN (2 sets) Back Composite RCA (2 sets) Back Component (HDTV) 3 RCAs (3 sets) Back VGA In 15-Pin Dsub (2 sets) Back DVI Digital Input 24 pin DVI-D Back Network RJ-45 Back RS232 DB-9 Dsub Back General Bezel Color Black Power Supply 100V - 240V Power Consumption 170 Watts Standby Power ** Dimensions (W x H x D)
(without stand or speakers) 58.8" x 48.0" x 16.5" Weight 154.4 lbs. Speakers ** FCC Class B, Home Use Warranty 1 year MSRP ** Production Status Out of Production Last Ship Date Aug 2006 Additional Features 3D Picture Support ** 3:2 Pull Down ** V-Chip ** Closed Captioning ** Picture-In-Picture ** ** this item is either not applicable, unpublished, or unknown SIM2's Description System Description
- DigiOptic™ Image Processor (Remote Input Box)
- Display
- Optic Link Connection between the two
The DigiOptic™ Image Processor manages all inputs/outputs and delivers high-quality video signal formatting.
The advantages of a remotely-operated system
- A flexible installation
- An easily upgradable installation
- Easy servicing
- No décor constraints
Why did SIM2 choose to develop a proprietary system
SIM2 believes that a display with remotely-operated functions should feature:
- a wideband connection (for high quality video signals)
- a bidirectional connection (for user interface)
- a security-proof connection (for encrypted data)
- an easy and safe connection (no emissions or possible signal losses)
- an updated & future-proof connection technology.
The DigiOptic™ Image Processor is the first and only product on the market with all of such features.
Standard color: siler gray. Optional colors: Silver Red, Black Shadow
There are no other SIM2 units in production at this time.
Ernest Hemingway once said “All American literature comes from one book by Mark Twain called Huckleberry Finn. There was nothing before. There has been nothing as good since.” While many have challenged Ernest's view, there's no denying that over a career spanning more than three decades, Papa became a master of his craft.
In his lifetime, he published seven novels, six short story collections, and two non-fiction works. His last major work of fiction, The Old Man and the Sea won him the 1953 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and was cited by the Nobel Committee as contributing to the awarding of him the Nobel Prize in Literature a year later. Simply put, if you love books and writing, you should listen to his words of wisdom carefully. Here's seven of his quotes we find most inspirational.
Follow us on Facebook andTwitter for more mind-blowing coolness.
A socialist TD has said electing a left-wing government won't be enough to bring a true end to austerity.
Paul Murphy says a new government would have to be backed up by major national movements, in order to survive where the likes of Greece have failed.
He says people shouldn't think that electing a government of left-wing TDs will be enough to change Irish politics forever - and that instead a mass public movement is needed.
The comments come in the final installment of our 'Headliners' interview series on Today FM, examining the new political parties and groups contesting their first general election in 2016.
Deputy Murphy also claims Labour is no longer a left-wing party - because it has exactly the same positions on many issues as Fine Gael.
In the interview he says the defence Labour has put up for many measures means there's virtually no difference with its coalition partner.
You can listen to Gavan Reilly's full interview with Paul Murphy here:
Did you miss the previous interviews in this series?
click to enlarge Bob Ferguson is taking on the cable guys.
If you've ever thought that Comcast was taking more money from your pocket than it should, or that it tricks customers for the sake of profit, then Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson is right there with you.
Ferguson filed a lawsuit against Comcast, the nation's largest cable TV and home internet provider, in August, saying that some of Comcast's practices are a "classic example of a big corporation deceiving its customers for financial gain." He accused Comcast of more than 1.8 million violations of Washington state's Consumer Protection Act.
In a case that could have broad implications for the corporation nationally, Comcast was dealt its first blow on Dec. 16, when a judge dismissed Comcast's motion to dismiss the lawsuit entirely.
"The court correctly rejected Comcast's attempt to evade responsibility for deceiving its customers," Ferguson says in a statement. "Washington consumers deserve their day in court."
The lawsuit centers around Comcast's Service Protection Plan, a nationwide program. The plan, costing $5 a month, is marketed as a product that lets customers avoid service call fees when there's a problem with the service. Until June, the plan claimed it was "comprehensive" and "covers all chargeable service calls," according to the lawsuit. But in fact, it did not cover repairs to customer equipment or most wiring issues.
The suit claims that 500,000 Washington customers subscribed to this plan in the past five years and paid Comcast a sum of at least $73 million. Comcast, according to the lawsuit, did not provide terms and conditions of the plan to customers, and instead only had those terms and conditions on its website for customers to find themselves.
Those without a protection plan also may have been tricked, the lawsuit says. The company's customer guarantee promised not to charge for service visits that result in an equipment or network problem, but Ferguson's office says that thousands of Comcast's Washington customers were charged for such calls.
Finally, the AG's office says it uncovered thousands of instances where Comcast performed a credit check on customers when it shouldn't have, potentially impacting the customer's credit.
Comcast urged a King County Superior Court judge to dismiss the lawsuit in October, contending that there were no unfair or deceptive trade practices, and instead chalking some issues up to possible human error. Comcast suggested that customers on the Service Protection Plan could have looked up the terms and conditions on their own.
"In his prosecutorial zeal, the Attorney General gives his constituents far too little credit," Comcast argued.
The corporation added that the complaint offered "little more than speculation and hypothetical billing errors that the Attorney General does not allege have actually occurred," and even if they did, would amount to "isolated breaches of contract, not unfair or deceptive practices."
But Judge Timothy Bradshaw denied Comcast's motion to dismiss the suit, and the trial is currently set to begin July 31, 2017. ♦
Medical marijuana has gone mainstream. It routinely receives above 70% in public opinion polls, it has been legalized in 13 states, and this year 18 more states either tried or are still trying to pass medical marijuana laws. It was also the subject of legislative activity in four states that already have medical marijuana laws.
march in Madison, Wisconsin last month by the group ''Is My Medicine Legal Yet?''
But just because it's mainstream doesn't mean it's easy. The legislative process is notoriously slow, arduous, and fickle. At the beginning of the year, movement leaders thought we would see perhaps four or five states pass medical marijuana laws this year. That hasn't happened. This year, no state that didn't have a medical marijuana law has managed to get one passed, and in a pair of medical marijuana states that did pass additional legislation, recalcitrant governors proved to be obstacles.
Nevertheless, progress has been made, with prospects for more, whether this year or later. As 2009 enters its final weeks, here's where we stand:
PASSED BUT VETOED:
Minnesota: In May, the Minnesota legislature approved a restrictive medical marijuana bill, SF 97. The House version of the bill won on a 70-64 vote. The Senate, which had approved its version of the bill a month earlier, accepted the House version, passing it on a 38-28 vote. The vote was largely along party lines, with most Republicans opposing and most Democratic Farm Labor (DFL) members supporting the bill. In neither chamber was the margin of victory large enough to overcome a veto. Gov. Tim Pawlenty (R) quickly vetoed the bill. Blocked by a recalcitrant governor, Minnesota medical marijuana proponents are considering an end run around him next year. Under Minnesota law, the legislature can bypass the governor by voting for a constitutional amendment to allow medical marijuana use. If such a measure passes the legislature, it would then go directly to a popular vote. With support for medical marijuana at high levels in Minnesota, proponents believe the measure would pass.
New Hampshire: The legislature passed HB 648, which would have created three nonprofit medical marijuana dispensaries for patients, but Gov. John Lynch (D) vetoed it. In October, the House voted to override the veto on a vote of 240-115, but the Senate fell two votes short on a 14-10 vote.
DEAD OR DORMANT:
Alabama: The Alabama medical marijuana bill, HB 434, sponsored by Rep. Patricia Todd (D-Birmingham) was referred to the House Judiciary Committee and died there without a vote when the session adjourned in May.
Connecticut: Two medical marijuana bills were introduced this year, HB 6156, introduced by Rep. Penny Bacchiochi (R-Sommers), and HB 5175, introduced by Rep. Mary Mushinsky (D-Wallingford). Neither bill received a public hearing. No medical marijuana legislation is likely to move in Connecticut until Gov. Jodi Rell (R) is gone. In 2007, medical marijuana bills passed both the House and the Senate, only to be vetoed by Rell.
Iowa: Sen. Joe Bolkcom (D-Iowa City) introduced a medical marijuana bill, SF 293, in March. That same month it got a hearing before the Senate Human Resources Subcommittee, but has had no action since.
Maryland: Maryland enacted an affirmative defense law for medical marijuana patients in 2003, but that doesn't protect them from arrest. HB 1339, sponsored by Delegate Henry Heller (D-Montgomery County), introduced this year, would have created a task force to make recommendations about changing the state's medical marijuana law. The bill received a hearing in the House Judiciary Committee, but died when committee Chairman Joseph Vallario (D-Calvert County) refused to schedule a vote on it.
Massachusetts: A medical marijuana bill, HB 2160, was filed in January and referred to the Joint Committee on Public Health, which held a hearing in May. Since then, no action.
Missouri: For the third year in a row, a medical marijuana bill was filed, but went nowhere. HB 277, introduced by Rep. Kate Meiners, was stalled by the House leadership and assigned to the Health Care Policy Committee too late to be scheduled for a hearing this year.
North Carolina: The North Carolina medical marijuana bill, HB 1380 was introduced in April by Rep. Earl Jones (D-Guilford). It got a public hearing before the House Health Committee in June, but has not moved since.
South Dakota: A South Dakota medical marijuana bill, HB 1127, sponsored by Rep. Gerald Lange (D-Madison), managed to survive three restrictive amendments in the House Health and Human Services Committee before the committee voted to kill it on a 9-4 vote in February. The legislature will have one more chance to pass a medical marijuana bill early next year. If it doesn't, medical marijuana backers will place an initiative on the November 2010 ballot.
HB 1128, also sponsored by Lang, would have provided a medical necessity defense for medical marijuana patients. In February, the House Judiciary Committee unanimously killed it by referring it "to the 41st day." The session only has 40 days.
Tennessee: The Tennessee Medical Marijuana Act of 2009, SB 209, sponsored by Sen. Beverly Marrero (D-Memphis), and its companion measure, HB 368, sponsored by Rep. Jeanne Richardson (D-Memphis) were assigned to their respective Health and Human Services Committees, where they were ignored and died a quiet death.
Texas: A Texas medical marijuana bill, HB 164, introduced by Rep. Elliot Naishtat (D-Austin) was introduced in November 2008 and referred to the House Public Health Committee in February. No action has occurred since then.
STILL ALIVE:
Delaware: A medical marijuana bill, SB 94, sponsored by Sen. Margaret Rose Henley (D-Wilmington) passed the Senate Health and Social Services on a 4-0 vote in June. It awaits a Senate floor vote when the legislature reconvenes for the second year of its two-year session in January.
Illinois: The Compassionate Use of Cannabis Pilot Program Act, SB 1381, passed the state Senate by a 30-28 vote in May. It passed the House Human Services Committee on a 4-3 vote the next day, but has had no further action in the House. The bill may move when the House returns for the second half of its session in January. Gov. Pat Quinn (D) will give "serious consideration" to a medical marijuana bill that reaches his desk.
New Jersey: The New Jersey Compassionate Use Medical Marijuana Act, which had already passed the Senate, was approved by the Assembly Health Committee on a 7-1 vote, but only after making it dramatically different from and more restrictive than the Senate version. At the behest of committee chair Herb Conaway (D-Burlington), who was responding to criticism that the bill's distribution and oversight provisions weren't tight enough, the bill was amended so that only "alternative treatment centers" could grow, process, and distribute medical marijuana. In the version passed by the Senate, patients could also grow their own or have caretakers grow it for them. In this latest version, there is no role for caretakers, because it also provides that only patients may pick up medical marijuana at a dispensary, or have a courier deliver it to them.The bill now heads for a floor vote in the Assembly. It also must go back to the Senate, which must approve the amended version.
New York: In New York, a medical marijuana bill, S4041, passed the Senate Health Committee in May, marking the first time a medical marijuana had ever passed the previously GOP-controlled state Senate. It must now pass the Senate Codes Committee before proceeding to a Senate floor vote. The identical House version of the bill, A7542, has been passed from the House Health Committee to the House Codes Committee. The bills are sponsored by Assembly Health Committee Chair Richard Gottfried (D-Manhattan) and Senate Health Committee Chair Tom Duane (D-Manhattan) and would create state-registered dispensaries for patients. Patients could not grow their own. The legislature is expected to return for a special session later this year, and proponents are pushing for a vote.
Pennsylvania: For the first time in memory, Pennsylvania legislators have a medical marijuana bill, HB 1393 before them. Introduced in April by Rep. Mark Cohen (D-Philadelphia), the bill has been in the Assembly Health and Human Services Committee ever since. Just last week, however, the committee chair, Rep. Frank Oliver (D-Philadelphia), scheduled a December 2 hearing on the bill.
Wisconsin: The Wisconsin medical marijuana bill, SB 368 was introduced late last month. Gov. Jim Doyle supports it. The bill is set for a December 15 hearing and could move quickly after that.
VOTES IN MEDICAL MARIJUANA STATES:
Hawaii: In July, the Hawaii legislature overrode Gov. Linda Lingle's (R) veto of SB 1058, which establishes a task force to examine problems and critical issues surrounding the state's medical marijuana law. The vote was 25-0 in the Senate and 38-9 in the House. Gov. Lingle has since refused to fund the task force, forcing interested legislators to create the informal Medical Cannabis Working Group to hear testimony.
Maine: In April, when faced with a citizen petition to amend the state's medical marijuana law, the Maine legislature punted, taking no action and leaving it to the voters in this month's election. The voters approved the measure allowing for the creation of dispensaries.
Montana: Montana already has a medical marijuana law, but several bills seeking to change it -- for better or worse -- saw action this year. SB 326, sponsored by Sen. Ron Erickson would have increased allowable amounts, added several illnesses to the list of qualifying conditions, and added child custody protections for patients. It passed the Senate 28-22, but failed on a tie vote to get out of the House Human Services Committee. Sponsors then tried a House floor vote to get the bill out of committee, but they needed 60 votes and only got 47. Similarly, HB 73, which would have allowed nurse practitioners and physician assistants to recommend marijuana to patients, died in the House Human Services Committee on a tie vote.
Two bad bills also died. HB 473, sponsored by Rep. Tom Berry (R-Roundup) would have barred anyone with a drug felony from ever becoming a registered patient. It died on a tie vote in the House Judiciary Committee. And SB 212, introduced by Sen. Verdell Jackson (R-Kalispell), attempted to force patients with more than a specific amount of THC in their system to prove their innocence if accused of driving under the influence. It was killed by a unanimous vote of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
Rhode Island: In the only medical marijuana victory at the statehouse so far this year, the Rhode Island legislature in June overrode Gov. Donald Carcieri's veto of a bill to create a system of state-licensed medical marijuana dispensaries. The override vote was a unanimous 68-0 in the House and a punishing 35-3 in the Senate. Rhode Island thus became the first state to expand an existing medical marijuana program to allow for state-licensed dispensaries.
Statehouse legislation is only one measure of progress in the drive to fully legalize medical marijuana use. Initiative victories, such as Maine's mentioned above, is another, as is the expansion of the dispensary supply infrastructure to states like Colorado or Montana is another. Increased mainstream support, such as last week's bombshell from the American Medical Association certainly bodes well for the future, as does the Obama administration's formalized policy of not targeting medical marijuana providers that are obeying their states' laws. But statehouses make state law -- for better or for worse -- and they are a place where reforms need to be taken, as well as an opportunity for them. By that measure 2009 has been a slower year than hoped -- but not a bad one.
U.S. Steel Says China Is Using Cyber Stealth To Steal Its Secrets
Enlarge this image toggle caption STR/AFP/Getty Images STR/AFP/Getty Images
International trade disputes used to be relatively simple.
One country would build up an industry to create jobs, and then dump excess products in another country at below-cost prices. Competitors facing unrealistically cheap imports would file "anti-dumping" complaints to seek government-backed protections.
That's what happened decades ago when U.S. steel companies got fed up with Japanese makers of steel pipe. In 1978, the U.S. International Trade Commission issued a "cease and desist" order to stop Japan's "predatory pricing."
Ah, but those were simpler times.
This week, U.S. Steel Corp. filed a trade complaint with the ITC, starting off with a traditional pricing complaint: "The Chinese industry has formed a cartel that sets purchase and sale prices, and controls production and export volumes to target export markets."
But then it added a 21st century twist: "The Chinese industry has used its government to steal U.S. Steel's closely guarded trade secrets and uses those trade secrets to produce advanced steel products it could not make on its own."
The Pittsburgh-based steelmaker says its Chinese rivals must be investigated. "We will use every tool available to fight for fair trade," U.S. Steel CEO Mario Longhi said in a statement.
The complaint was filed with the independent agency charged with reviewing complaints and enforcing U.S. trade policy. It has 30 days to decide whether to investigate charges; usually, it says yes.
China's Commerce Ministry said that the complaints "have no factual basis," and it urged the ITC to reject U.S. Steel's case.
U.S. Steel's tough language may add to the rising trade tensions between China and other major steel-producing nations. The U.S. government already has hit Chinese steel imports with new duties this year, and it has launched an investigation into China's alleged overproduction of aluminum.
Last week, officials from the U.S., Europe, Japan and other steel-producing nations met in Brussels to push for a multinational, comprehensive agreement to cut steelmaking capacity. But China wouldn't go along with such plans.
So now U.S. Steel says it is pursuing "countervailing and anti-dumping cases and pushing for increased enforcement of existing laws."
American steel companies are agitated about China because they already are facing lots of problems. For example, tighter fuel standards are pushing carmakers to switch to lighter materials. And energy companies are buying a lot less pipe for drilling.
So U.S. companies want to focus on more advanced products, such as high-strength stainless steels. But changing over to making new types of steel is expensive. Having competitors hack into — and steal — valuable research would be very damaging.
In its public complaint, U.S. Steel did not provide evidence of hacking by Chinese officials, but said a 2011 hack fit "the pattern of previous attacks that the Chinese government conducted to benefit their state-owned companies. The attack circumvented the technological safeguards U.S. Steel uses to protect its trade secrets, and stole several gigabytes of valuable research data on advanced steels."
If the ITC decides to go forward, the investigation may take a while. That's because the agency is being asked to, in effect, weigh three separate issues: price fixing, false labeling to avoid duties and theft of trade secrets.
Derek Scissors, a resident scholar and China trade expert at the American Enterprise Institute, said that while U.S. Steel has not yet presented public evidence, it would be no surprise if China turned up guilty of hacking.
When it comes to stealing trade secrets, "they do it all the time," Scissors said. "There's no defense" for such behavior, he added.
Scissors say U.S. Steel also probably would be able to prove that China is flooding markets with cheap steel. "They have too much [steelmaking] capacity and it looks like dumping," he said of the import surge. However, he pointed out that cheap steel helps other U.S. manufacturers hold down the cost of goods made with steel — like autos.
"It's not necessarily bad for the country," he said of Chinese steel. "Ford benefits from dumped steel."
As Iranians prepare to usher in the New Year with traditional festivities, they are feeling the bite of tough economic sanctions imposed by the international community.
TEHRAN // As the Iranian New Year approaches, residents across Tehran are busy washing their windows, buying fireworks, and sending their handmade rugs for their once-a-year clean.
But amid the bustle of preparation for the two-week holiday, known in Persian as Nowruz, many are fearful of their financial future as they struggle with the country's deepening economic woes.
What should be a time of hope and renewal to mark the start of spring is overshadowed by worry about making ends meet during a time of economic hardship not felt since the Iran-Iraq war.
High prices for basic products have given the traditional optimism surrounding Nowruz, which falls on March 20, a tinge of anxiety.
“I didn't buy nuts last year, because prices were very high and I won't buy them this year either,” said Fahimeh Riazi, 37, a mother of two as she haggled for food for the holiday. “The prices are 30 per cent more expensive compared with two years ago”.
The economic difficulties have been caused by sanctions imposed by the international community over Iran's controversial nuclear programme. While the election of president Hassan Rouhani may have brought about a less hostile political climate, it is the state of the economy that is the most important issue for Iranians.
Despite the current negotiations between Iran and world powers to reach a final deal on the programme, the national currency, the rial, has lost 50 per cent of its value since 2012, hurting Iranians' ability to buy basic products.
Iran's official rate of inflation stands at 37 per cent. But experts in Tehran believe it is much higher perhaps as much as 40 per cent.
Unemployment stands at 10.3 per cent, according to Iran's National Statistics Center. Yet, the rate of young people out of work is even higher, at 26 per cent.
Supreme leader Ali Khamenei gives each year a name in line with his hopes for the country.
This past year was “the year of political and economic epic,” a reference to Mr Khamenei's aspirations that Iranians stop suffering from the sanctions.
To offset some of the economic pressure and help families prepare for the New Year, Mr Rouhani's government organised 400 exhibitions of discounted goods currently taking place throughout the country, with four in Tehran.
The prices of food sold at the exhibitions were lowered with the aim of controlling Iran's rampant inflation.
Also available was a wide range of domestic products from home appliances and clothing at about 20 per cent less than regular prices, said Ali Fazeli, head of an umbrella group of unions and producers associations which helped organise the 10-day exhibitions in the capital.
For Ms Riazi, who was shopping at one of the exhibitions in central Tehran, the slightly reduced prices were welcome.
“The prices are a bit cheaper than regular shops, not so much, but it is helpful to families,” she said. “I only came to buy new clothes for my children.”
Iranians traditionally buy new clothes for the new year.
Another casualty of the Islamic Republic's economic woes is tourism. Many Tehran residents typically spend their two-week holiday on the Caspian Sea coast or at one of Iran's historic cities such as Shiraz or Isfahan. Affluent Iranians might also spend a few days abroad. But this year most appeared destined to spend the holiday at home.
“My family and I do not have any plans for this Nowruz,” said, Maziyar, 40, a civil engineer from the western part of Tehran. “I prefer to save money by spending our holidays at home, because I do not know how our economic situation will change next year,” he said.
One of the main fears for the upcoming year stems from a recent announcement that some of the cash handouts to millions of Iranians every month will be cut.
The government is ending aid to Iranians who are not considered needing the assistance, in an effort to limit spending in the coming year.
The assistance began under Mr Rouhani's predecessor, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who in 2010 initiated a five-year plan, phasing out energy and food subsidies and replacing them with cash payments to make up for rising costs.
Although the plan aimed to target Iranians in need of aid, all those who enrolled became eligible and approximately 77 million people are now receiving payments, Iran's vice president Eshagh Jahangiri, said on state TV.
On Sunday, Mr Rouhani asked Iranians who do not need the monthly Dh55 per person payout not to register for the coming year.
Many Iranians are worried that losing the handouts, which they have come to depend on, will cause even more damage to their livelihoods.
“If they cut my payment and give it to somebody whose situation is worse than mine, that is OK, but we do not know what the plan is,” said Mehdi, 48, a former accountant who started driving a taxi after he lost his job a few months ago.
“Now, because of my lack of income, Nowruz is a time of shame for me in front of my family,” he said.
foreign.desk@thenational.ae
Authored by Lee Travis via Defiant Thinking blog,
Most people are familiar with the story of the French Revolution: When the poor revolted against the unfairness and wealth inequality imposed by the aristocrats, they overthrew the monarchy and beheaded more than 40,000 people, mostly clergy and noblemen, as punishment for their crimes and injustices.
The days of using a guillotine may be behind us – but the anger that led to that revolution is similar to the growing anger at economic inequality in the US today, and could lead to the same kind of unrest.
In France, there were three classes: The First Estate, made up of clergy; The Second Estate, made up of the nobility; and the Third Estate, made up of everyone else. Even though the first two Estates were made up of just 3% of the population, they owned 35% of the land, paid almost no taxes, and held virtually all the political power in the country.
Where are we in America today?
Wealth distribution
If they were around today, heads still attached, French aristocrats would be mightily impressed with the wealth accumulation of America's rich. The top 1% of the country owns 35% of the wealth; the top 10% owns 77% of the wealth. The bottom 40% owns 0% (here).
Perhaps the best summary of where we are on wealth inequality can be found in the video below:
Tax burden
Certainly, the American rich are paying more in taxes than did their pre-revolutionary French Counterparts. But as a share of income, the American poor are carrying a much heavier burden.
When most people talk about taxes, they think of income taxes, and on that front the rich do pay quite a bit more: According to the Tax Foundation, in 2015, “The top 1 percent of taxpayers paid a higher effective income tax rate than any other group, at 27.1 percent, which is over 8 times higher than taxpayers in the bottom 50 percent (3.3 percent).”
But income taxes are just one of the dozens of kinds of taxes we're subjected to. As A World of Possible Futures notes, we're also paying:
State & local income taxes
Sales tax
Social security & Medicare
Property tax
Fuel/gasoline tax
Other taxes such as estate tax, fees, and licenses.
I have yet to find an authoritative analysis showing total tax burden on people by income level in the US. But I expect that, as a percentage of income, the poor are paying a far higher share of their income into tax coffers than are the rich
This was borne out in England at least, where The Independent found that the wealthy are paying more in direct taxes, but far less in indirect taxes, resulting in a situation where “the poorest fifth of households paid 38.2 per cent of their income to the taxman, with the richest fifth paid just 33.6 per cent.”
Political representation
We've all known intuitively for some time that politicians listen to their donors, and not to their constituents. We've since had confirmation, both anecdotally through narratives like “The Confessions of Congressman X” and statistically through research performed by professors from Princeton and Northwestern Universities in a 2014 paper titled “Testing Theories of American Politics: Elites, Interest Groups, and Average Citizens.” In this paper, the authors reviewed 1,800 Congressional votes in which the interests of the rich were different from those of the public, and as a rule the rich won out on a consistent basis.
So where's my revolution?
If the rich are so exponentially better off than the poor in this country – why do the poor take it? Why do they passively grumble and let it continue?
I think today's leaders have learned some lessons from the past, which explains the following:
Welfare state – In the France of 1789, there was no welfare state. If you were sick, you would get no doctor; if you were hungry, you starved. Today, more than half of the US population receives some kind of government benefit, including 21.3% who receive direct assistance related to poverty. Why bite the hand that feeds you?
– In the France of 1789, there was no welfare state. If you were sick, you would get no doctor; if you were hungry, you starved. Today, more than half of the US population receives some kind of government benefit, including 21.3% who receive direct assistance related to poverty. Why bite the hand that feeds you? Drugs – Our country is awash in drugs that keep us numb. In 2014, there were 245 million prescriptions filled for opioid pain relievers. In 2015, 17.9% of adults held a diagnosis for a mental disorder, while a 2010 study found that 46.3% of children ages 13-18 had a mental disorder at some point in their young lives, and the majority of those adults and children are given prescriptions. And don't forget the legal and illegal drugs, ranging from alcohol to heroin, that we use to self-medicate.
– Our country is awash in drugs that keep us numb. In 2014, there were 245 million prescriptions filled for opioid pain relievers. In 2015, 17.9% of adults held a diagnosis for a mental disorder, while a 2010 study found that 46.3% of children ages 13-18 had a mental disorder at some point in their young lives, and the majority of those adults and children are given prescriptions. And don't forget the legal and illegal drugs, ranging from alcohol to heroin, that we use to self-medicate. Distractions – In the 1980s, marketers Al Reis and Jack Trout identified America as the world's first overcommunicated society; that was in the days of a handful of television channels and no internet. Today we are completely enveloped in media, and continue our fascination with other distractions like sports.
Nobel prize-winner Orhan Pamuk, tried in 2005 under Turkish law for criticising the state, used his opening address at the Frankfurt Book Fair to decry the "oppression" of Turkey's writers.
Speaking alongside Turkish president Abdullah Gül, Pamuk deplored how "a century of banning and burning books, of throwing writers into prison or killing them or branding them as traitors and sending them into exile, and continuously denigrating them in the press" has made Turkish literature poorer.
Turkey is the country of honour at this week's Frankfurt Book Fair, and hundreds of Turkish writers and publishers have descended on the city to celebrate "Turkey in all its colours".
In August 2005, Pamuk was charged with "public denigration of Turkish identity" under Article 301 of the penal code after he said in an interview with a Swiss newspaper that "30,000 Kurds and a million Armenians were killed in these lands and nobody but me dares to talk about it".
The case against him was subsequently dropped, and Article 301 was amended earlier this year, but Pamuk said yesterday afternoon in Frankfurt that "the state's habit of penalising writers and their books is still very much alive; Article 301 of the Turkish penal code continues to be used to silence and suppress many other writers, in the same way it was used against me; there are at this moment hundreds of writers and journalists being prosecuted and found guilty under this article."
Turkish authors who have been tried under Article 301 include novelist Elif Shafak over a remark by a fictional character in her novel The Bastard of Istanbul referring to the Armenian massacre as genocide, and writer and journalist Perihan Magden, who said in her weekly magazine column that Turkey needed an alternative to compulsory military conscription. Both were acquitted. Publisher Ragip Zarakolu was convicted in June this year of having "insulted the Turkish republic" after publishing The Truth Will Set Us Free, which acknowledges the Armenian genocide.
Pamuk called on the Turkish writers and publishers present at the fair, including Magden and Shafak as well as Aslı Erdoğan and Sebnem Isigüzel, to "speak openly about [their] experiences over the past century".
"Since they have come to Frankfurt to let the whole world hear their voices, it follows that we can shake off just a bit of our gloom about no one understanding us," he said, referring to his depression when starting out as a novelist over the lack of interest or understanding in Turkish writing in the west. "Are we going to convince ourselves that our own culture and identity is unique, and then shut ourselves away, or are we going to value the richness of our cultural traditions and our own uniqueness while giving equal value to free expression?" he asked.
Pamuk said that while he was working on his novel Museum of Innocence, published earlier this year in Turkish, he needed to research old Turkish films and songs. He did this easily enough on YouTube, but after the site was banned in Turkey in 2007, he would no longer be able to do so.
"YouTube, like many other domestic and international websites, has been blocked for residents of Turkey for political reasons," Pamuk said. "Those in whom the power of the state resides may take satisfaction from all these repressive measures, but we writers, publishers, artists feel differently, as do all other creators of Turkish culture and indeed everyone who takes an interest in it: oppression of this order does not reflect our ideas on the proper promotion of Turkish culture."
But Pamuk said that despite the obstacles Turkish writers and publishers face, they have not let their spirits flag. "Over the past 15 years, Turkish publishing has expanded at an astonishing rate; there are more books being published in Turkey than ever before, and in my view, Istanbul's vibrant book trade at last represents its rich and layered history," he said.
"When young writers coming from Turkey to Frankfurt see how large the world publishing industry is, I can well imagine that they will feel as empty and useless as I did. But when Turkey's young writers turn in on themselves to find the inner voices that will turn them into interesting writers, they will no longer need to succumb to dark thoughts like, 'No one would be interested in a Turkish writer anyway.' May the Frankfurt Book Fair bring hope and happiness to us all."
Many illegal immigrants could have a hard time getting power, water, natural-gas or phone service at their homes in Arizona if a political candidate gets his way.
Barry Wong, a Republican candidate for the Arizona Corporation Commission, told The Arizona Republic on Tuesday that, if elected, he would require regulated utilities to check the immigration status of customers, a move he says would keep costs down for other customers.
One immigrant advocate quickly cast the statement as political posturing, a bid for votes in an election season already charged by the immigration issue. But Wong insisted he has a financial motivation.
"There is a cost ratepayers shouldn't have to bear because of the illegal-immigrant population," Wong said.
Although the Corporation Commission elections are usually mired in arcane policy discussions, the state's hot-button immigration debate has now twice found its way into the 2010 campaign. This time, the discussion could lead to action.
When the Los Angeles City Council voted in May to boycott Arizona over its new immigration law, Corporation Commissioner Gary Pierce, who is running for re-election, sent a sarcastic letter to the LA mayor suggesting his city stop taking power from Arizona power plants. It was an empty threat because Arizona regulators can't shut off power to Los Angeles.
But if Wong were elected, it would take only his request to begin a study of the idea and put the issue before the commission. And it would take two other votes on the five-member board to implement such a proposal.
Wong, a lawyer and four-term member of the state House of Representatives, was appointed to a temporary spot on the commission in 2006.
Corporation Commission members have constitutional authority to regulate utilities like Arizona Public Service Co., Tucson Electric Power Co. and private water companies. Two of the statewide seats are up for election this year, and six candidates are running.
Wong said that utilities would have to spend money to check immigration but that he believes the cost of such a program would be outweighed by the savings on power infrastructure. And he thinks the issue deserves further study.
Serving a growing number of people with power, he said, raises utility rates because it requires building new power plants. He said asking utilities not to serve illegal immigrants could protect other ratepayers from utility hikes.
"The question is: Is it the right thing to do in terms of rates?" he said.
Wong said he suggests checking only the immigration status of residential customers, not businesses.
He recognizes the idea is controversial amid the ongoing debate over Arizona's new immigration law, Senate Bill 1070. The law states that an officer engaged in a lawful stop, detention or arrest shall, when practicable, ask about a person's legal status when reasonable suspicion exists that the person is in the U.S. illegally.
"I'm sure there will be criticism about human-rights violations," Wong said of his utility proposal. "Is power or natural gas or any type of utility we regulate, is that a right that people have? It is not a right. It is a service."
The other two Republicans in the race and all three Democrats said that asking utilities to check customers' immigration status is inappropriate.
"That's not an argument I think we'll involve ourselves in," said Pierce, a Republican and former majority whip in the state House.
Democrat David Bradley, a Tucson representative in the state House now running for the commission, said that even if the regulators have the authority, enforcing immigration rules at utilities would not solve the state's immigration problems.
The Corporation Commission does not have authority over the Salt River Project or municipal water providers like Phoenix, but it does regulate private water companies, natural-gas providers and landline telephone service in addition to the big power companies.
Officials from APS, the state's largest electric utility, were unsure how they would enforce such a rule, although the utilities usually are hesitant to discuss the politicians who regulate them.
"Immigration is largely a federal issue, not a utility issue," APS spokesman Jim McDonald said. "In addition, we are not even sure how we would implement a policy like this."
Julie Pace, a partner in the Cavanagh Law Firm, is suing the state over a law passed in 2007 that punishes businesses for knowingly hiring illegal workers. She said Wong's idea is likely not constitutional because immigration is a federal issue, even though the idea is "fascinating."
"It would be a problem from a legal side," Pace said.
She asked if such a move would lead to checking immigration status at airline ticket counters or grocery stores.
"Everyone is seeing the polls that are so anti-immigrant, and everyone is jumping on the bandwagon to target immigrants," Pace said. "They all are coming up with novel ideas how they can get elected. They say, 'Target immigrants, and it helps me win an election.' "
Wong responded by saying that the issue is real and that utility regulators should not shy away from it.
"I don't need to take on these issues for election purposes," Wong said. "I served on the Corporation Commission."
Political-science experts acknowledge the success of anti-immigration stances for politicians.
One Arizona official said the effectiveness of that strategy will change in states like Arizona that have growing Hispanic populations.
"For Arizona, there does seem to be a greater receptiveness and positive response to anti-immigrant rhetoric," said Stephen Nu�o, a political-science professor at Northern Arizona University. "But, as the demographics change, this strategy will become less viable."
Story highlights Bob Greene: The acronym for Sioux City's airport has long been a headache
Greene: The city tried to change it, but FAA would only act if it was a safety issue
So the city "very successfully made lemonade out of lemons"
Greene: Now you can buy SUX postcards and mugs and proudly wear SUX T-shirts
"We don't really care what the federal government wants to call us," Aran Rush was saying the other afternoon. "We know that we're a good place."
Rush is the executive director of the convention and visitors bureau in Sioux City, Iowa, and we were discussing what has happened to the little airport with the big problem.
The problem was never the airport itself. By all accounts, Sioux Gateway Airport, serving Sioux City and the surrounding area in northwest Iowa, northeast Nebraska, eastern South Dakota and far southern Minnesota, is a fine facility.
Fly Sux T-shirts are flying off the shelves.
But the three-letter identifier -- the three capitalized letters that appear on baggage-claim tags, that are used nationwide to refer to the Sioux City airport, that pilots and air-traffic controllers use to designate Sioux City -- has long been a headache for the town.
Every city, in this era of marketing and branding, likes to present itself as something special -- a destination that is sparkling and inviting, a wonderful place for families to settle in, or for businesses to set up shop.
Bob Greene
So, to the dismay of Sioux City, it has not been especially helpful that, for as long as there has been commercial air travel into the town, travelers have glanced at the tags on their checked baggage and have noticed that the official designator for the town is:
SUX
Yep. Generations ago, federal aviation regulators gave Sioux City that identifier. It was a shortened version of "Sioux." That was in the years before those three letters took on a somewhat unfortunate tone.
Los Angeles International Airport was LAX; O'Hare International Airport in Chicago was ORD; LaGuardia in New York was LGA; Sioux City was SUX.
No big deal.
Until it was.
No city, no airport, wants to be connected to those letters. It's not a great calling card, not an ideal howdy-do to the world beyond the town's borders. Many people find the word (however you spell it) offensive -- and if you, by chance, think the word is not very nice, try to consider how the proud citizens of Sioux City have felt.
On two occasions -- in the 1980s, and again at the beginning of this century -- Sioux City earnestly and formally petitioned the Federal Aviation Administration to change the letters. The word just wasn't doing the town any good.
On both occasions, nothing happened. I covered Sioux City's second attempt to get rid of SUX; a spokeswoman for the FAA at the time signaled to me that the town's odds of getting three new letters were slim.
The Sioux City airport director at the time told me the FAA informed him that the only reason it would change a three-letter identifier was for safety considerations. He conceded that he didn't know how SUX could be construed as a safety issue, "unless pilots are laughing so hard when they hear it that it distracts them from doing their job."
The reason I got back in touch with Sioux City's leaders last week is that recently the federal government has shown it will speedily get involved in aviation-related issues when it wants to. Congress stepped in to ease air-traffic delays caused by federal spending cuts; the Department of Homeland Security and the Transportation Security Administration, to put travelers' minds at ease, backed off on its plan to allow passengers to bring small knives onto planes.
So I wondered if Sioux City was still trying to persuade the government to allow it to get rid of those three dreaded letters
"We decided to go completely the other way," said David Bernstein, president of the airport's board of trustees. "The FAA wasn't going to change it, so it wasn't going to do us any good to whine about it."
Thus, the town made a bold decision:
It would embrace the SUX designator. It would make it part of Sioux City's charm -- a whimsical part of the civic personality.
T-shirts were printed up with those three capital letters on the front; hats and postcards and coffee mugs and balsa-wood airplanes and silver-wing pins were manufactured, all jauntily bearing the letters. On I-29 between Sioux City and Omaha, Nebraska, a big billboard was rented, displaying, in huge type, those letters, as a way to lure passengers to the airport in Iowa instead of the one in Nebraska.
"In warm weather, you can walk around Sioux City and see people wearing the T-shirts all the time," Bernstein said. "At our coffee shop in the airport, between one-third and one-half of net revenues come from the sale of items with those three letters on them."
The city -- in the words of tourism director Rush -- has "very successfully made lemonade out of some lemons. Our treating the situation with good humor has emblemized the spirit of Sioux City -- one of grit and determination, something no label from the government can change." The airport commission's Bernstein said that "it's better to be memorable than to have three initials no one can really recall."
In fact, in the spirit of all this, the town ended up renaming the official website for the airport; it is now www.flysux.com.
And who, on a national scale, can argue with that message? These days, with overcrowded planes, long security lines and hefty fees to check baggage, flying often really does ... well, you know.
What will Sioux City do about the letters in future years? It could once have sought counsel from two of the most famous people ever born there: twin sisters Ann Landers (Eppie Lederer) and Dear Abby (Pauline Phillips), who left Sioux City to become the two most renowned newspaper advice columnists in history. But both have passed away, and are no longer available for commiseration.
So the town is on its own. The mayor, Bob Scott, a lifelong resident, told me that he wants the world to know that Sioux City doesn't do what those three letters on the baggage tags says. It is, he said, a great place to live, "and we're thankful for that."
He sends emphatic word to potential visitors that they will be warmly welcomed:
"Absolutely. We'd love to have them.
"And," the mayor said with a laugh, "they can buy a T-shirt."
via Nike
by Brendan Dunne
This weekend's release of the Air Jordan 1 KO "Bred" has been canceled due to quality issues.
Retailers like Finish Line have issued tweets on the situation, citing what appears to be a generic statement from Jordan Brand on the reason for the cancelation. Representatives from Jordan Brand have apparently been contacting retailers with the following statement on the sneakers:
"This weekend's release of the AJ 1 KO High OG (638471-001) has been canceled indefinitely due to product related issues. The decision was made because the product did not meet the Jordan Brand's high quality standards."
Retailers apparently haven't been informed as to what specific quality issues caused the cancelation, but people online have been complaining about mold on the sneakers. Members on forum NikeTalk have brought up the mold, and Twitter user @liziswaydope posted some photos showing off the mold.
Retailers have been asked to return all their pairs of the Jordan 1 KO "Bred," presumably so the sneakers can go through a second round of quality checks.
No new Jordan release date has been set for this pair.
THE town of Alpha in Queensland, Australia, has only 400 residents, including one part-time ambulance driver and a lone policeman, according to Mark Imber of Waratah Coal, an exploration firm. But over the next few years it should quintuple in size, thanks to an A$7.5 billion ($7.3 billion) investment by his company and the Metallurgical Corporation of China, a state-owned firm that serves China's mining and metals industry. This will build Australia's biggest coal mine, as well as a 490km (300-mile) railway to carry the black stuff to the coast, and thence to China's ravenous industrial maw.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
It is hard to exaggerate the Chinese economy's far-reaching impact on the world, from small towns to big markets. It accounted for about 46% of global coal consumption in 2009, according to the World Coal Institute, an industry body, and consumes a similar share of the world's zinc and aluminium. In 2009 it got through twice as much crude steel as the European Union, America and Japan combined. It bought more cars than America last year and this year looks set to buy more mobile phones than the rest of the world put together, according to China First Capital, an investment bank.
In China growth of 9.6% (recorded in the year to the third quarter) represents a slowdown. China will account for almost a fifth of world growth this year, according to the IMF; at purchasing-power parity, it will account for just over a quarter.
For the first 25 years of its rise, China's influence was most visible on the bottom line of corporate results, as it allowed firms to cut costs. More recently it has become conspicuous on the top line. Audi, a luxury German carmaker, sold more cars in China (including Hong Kong) than at home in the first quarter. Komatsu of Japan has just won an order for 44 “super-large dump trucks” from China's biggest coal miner.
The Economist has constructed a “Sinodependency index”, comprising 22 members of America's S&P 500 stockmarket index with a high proportion of revenues in China. The index is weighted by the firms' market capitalisation and the share of their revenues they get from China. It includes Intel and Qualcomm, both chipmakers; Yum! Brands, which owns KFC and other restaurant chains; Boeing, which makes aircraft; and Corning, a glassmaker. The index outperformed the broader S&P 500 by 10% in 2009, when China's economy outpaced America's by over 11 percentage points. But it reconverged in April, as the Chinese government grappled with a nascent housing bubble.
China is, in itself, a big and dynamic part of the world economy. For that reason alone it will make a sizeable contribution to world growth this year. The harder question is whether it can make a big contribution to the rest of the world's growth.
China is now the biggest export market for countries as far afield as Brazil (accounting for 12.5% of Brazilian exports in 2009), South Africa (10.3%), Japan (18.9%) and Australia (21.8%). But exports are only one component of GDP. In most economies of any size, domestic spending matters more. Thus exports to China are only 3.4% of GDP in Australia, 2.2% in Japan, 2% in South Africa and 1.2% in Brazil (see map).
Export earnings can, of course, have a ripple effect throughout an economy. In Alpha, the prospect of selling coal to China is stimulating investment in mines, railways and probably even policing. But these “multipliers” are rarely higher than 1.5 or 2, which is to say, they rarely do more than double the contribution to GDP. Moreover, just as expanding exports add to growth, burgeoning imports subtract from it. Most countries outside East Asia suffered a deteriorating trade balance with China from 2001 to 2008. By the simple arithmetic of growth, trade with China made a (small) negative contribution, not a positive one.
China plays a larger role in the economies of its immediate neighbours. Exports to China accounted for over 14% of Taiwan's GDP last year, and over 10% of South Korea's. But according to a number of studies, roughly half of East Asia's exports to China are components, such as semiconductors and hard drives, for goods that are ultimately exported elsewhere. In these industries, China is not so much an engine of demand as a transmission belt for demand originating elsewhere.
The share of parts and components in its imports is, however, falling. From almost 40% a decade ago, it fell to 27% in 2008, according to a recent paper by Soyoung Kim of Seoul National University, as well as Jong-Wha Lee and Cyn-Young Park of the Asian Development Bank. This reflects China's gradual “transformation from being the world's factory, toward increasingly being the world's consumer,” they write. Gabor Pula and Tuomas Peltonen of the European Central Bank calculate that the Philippine, South Korean and Taiwanese economies now depend more on Chinese demand than American.
Trade is not the only way that China's ups and downs can spill over to the rest of the world. Its purchases of foreign assets keep the cost of capital down and its appetite for raw materials keeps their price up, to the benefit of commodity producers wherever they sell their wares. Its success can boost confidence and productivity. One attempt to measure these broad spillovers is a paper by Vivek Arora and Athanasios Vamvakidis of the IMF. According to their estimates, if China's growth quickened by 1 percentage point for a year, it would boost the rest of the world's GDP by 0.4% (about $290 billion) after five years.
Since the crisis, China has shown that its economy can grow even when America's shrinks. It is not entirely dependent on the world's biggest economy. But that does not mean it can substitute for it. In April the Bank Credit Analyst, an independent research firm, asked what would happen if China suffered a “hard landing”. Its answer to this “apocalyptic” question was quite “benign”. As it pointed out, Japan at the start of the 1990s accounted for a bigger share of GDP than China does today. Its growth slowed from about 5% to 1% in the first half of the 1990s without any discernible effect on global trends. It is hard to exaggerate China's weight in the world economy. But not impossible.
I'm happy to introduce today clojure.spec, a new core library and support for data and function specifications in Clojure.
Better communication
Clojure is a dynamic language, and thus far we have relied on documentation or external libraries to explain the use and behavior of functions and libraries. But documentation is difficult to produce, is frequently not maintained, cannot be automatically checked and varies greatly in quality. Specs are expressive and precise. Including spec in Clojure creates a lingua franca with which we can state how our programs work and how to use them.
More leverage and power
A key advantage of specifications over documentation is the leverage they provide. In particular, specs can be utilized by programs in ways that docs cannot. Defining specs takes effort, and spec aims to maximize the return you get from making that effort. spec gives you tools for leveraging specs in documentation, validation, error reporting, destructuring, instrumentation, test-data generation and generative testing.
Improved developer experience
Error messages from macros are a perennial challenge for new (and experienced) users of Clojure. Specs can be used to conform data in macros instead of using a custom parser. And Clojure's macro expansion will automatically use specs, when present, to explain errors to users. This should result in a greatly improved experience for users when errors occur.
More robust software
Clojure has always been about simplifying the development of robust software. In all languages, dynamic or not, tests are essential to quality - too many critical properties are not captured by common type systems. spec has been designed from the ground up to directly support generative testing via test.check. When you use spec you get generative tests for free.
Taken together, I think the features of spec demonstrate the ongoing advantages of a powerful dynamic language like Clojure for building robust software - superior expressivity, instrumentation-enhanced REPL-driven development, sophisticated testing and more flexible systems. I encourage you to read the spec rationale and overview. Look for spec's inclusion in the next alpha release of Clojure, within a day or so.
I hope you find spec useful and powerful.
Rich
The Maine Green Independent Party held its 2017 Convention Sunday May 21st at the Vile's Arboretum in Augusta. The current Co-Chairs gave a welcome greeting.
The MGIP has gone through a lot the past few years and this Convention was a breath of fresh air of things to come and a lot of hopeful folks who came out on a beautiful day to work towards that. For all who attended I thank you and look forward to moving forward with all of you to make the changes in Maine and beyond to work for the People, Peace and Planet over profit!
The convention officers were elected:
Chair: Alan Brown
Secretary: Sam Pfeilfle
Vibes Watcher: Fred Morrill
timekeeper: Mark Wakefield
The speakers included Joseph Jackson on the prison on the Fair Chance legislation, Andy Bossie, on the Maine Clean Election and Ronald Flannery, of the Southern Maine Worker's Center on Healthcare is a Human Right.
We were fortunate to have two Keynote speakers
Jill Stein the 2012/2016 Green Presidential candidate, who was just back form her time in Liverpool. England at the Global Green gathering, with over 92 Nations there. And
Dawn Neptune Adams, a member of the Penobscot Nation, who describes herself as a mom, activist, carpenter, citizen journalist, Water Protector and Land Defender.
Dawn Neptune Adams also was given the award for the Maine Green of the Year for her time at Standing Rock and with her environmental work, which the Green Party was founded on. She and her daughter Woli gave the blessing at the beginning of the convention as well.
We voted in new and returning members of the State Committee:
[leaving Gil Harris;co-chair and Tim Wilson;at large]
Co-Chair: Riva O'Rouke
At large member: Lyn Joy Maravell
Returning:
Co-Chair: Jon Olsen
Treasurer: Alan Brown
Secretary: Ben Meiklejohn
At Large: Dan Monahan
At Large: Dawn Neptune Adams
County Committee Member: Greg Bates
Senior Adviser: Jacqui Deveneau
The Delegates for the National Committee re-elected:
Morgen D'Arc
Jacqui Deveneau
John Rensenbrink
Mike Ray
Newly voted in Alternate: Gretchen Crawford
The Delegates for the International Committee re-elected:
Trish Jackson
John Rensenbrink
Sam Smith
There was one By Law around the permission of the SC to remove delegates to the NC/IC if they work against the MGIP or against the National Committee or International Committee. Goals were discussed and put off for voting to the Fall Assembly.
We will all miss the leadership of Gil Harris leaving the Co-Chair position and State Committee.
I want to thank Brian Leonard. of Maine Sky Media, who did the filming of the convention as well as some other video work that will be used in the future. Will share what he has done when it is ready.
I also want to personally thank Trish Jackson with out whom this would not have been possible for me to do what needed to be done to make it all come together.
And last but not least a huge thank to Tim Wilson for Driving Miss Jill Stein from Lexington, Mass and back.
GREEN AND GROWING! ONWARD!
Love,jacqui
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
Well CES is nearing its conclusion for another year, winding down an event that may well have brought Linux more mainstream attention than any other in the show's four-decades-long history.
Much of that heightened focus has been due to the widely trumpeted Ubuntu TV debut, of course -- the culmination of Canonical's mysterious announcement from last week -- but there's certainly been plenty of other Linux-enabled news coming out of this year's show as well.
There's no doubt Ubuntu has had its share of the limelight this past week, but it's another Linux distro entirely that's captured many bloggers' attention.
Linux Mint, that is -- and its tantalizing new desktop environment, Cinnamon.
'Brand New Innovative Features'
"Introducing Cinnamon," read the announcement on the Linux Mint forums last month. "A Linux desktop featuring a traditional layout (GNOME 2), built from modern technology (GNOME Shell), and introducing brand new innovative features."
Representing yet another divergence from the GNOME project, Cinnamon will offer users wary of GNOME 3 and Ubuntu's Unity another, more familiar, alternative.
Built on a stable fork of GNOME Shell 3.2.1 along with features from Mint 12's MGSE, or "Mint GNOME Shell Extensions," it's planned for inclusion in Linux Mint 13.
Many Linux fans have been more than a little excited.
'It's Become My Favorite Already'
"Personally I like this A LOT," wrote David Sugar among hundreds of comments on the blog post from early this month officially announcing the new desktop. "I don't think it is important to be 'identical' to gnome 2, just something that is similarly effective and actually offers usability, which gnome shell fails at miserably other than for the tablet ui use case."
Similarly, "I'm using Cinnamon for the past week and it's become my favorite mint 12 desktop already (even without the extra features)," enthused Craig. "You are absolutely on the right track with this and i look forward to the various improvements and new features as it goes along."
Over on Slashdot, many geeks lamented the current state of user interfaces in the desktop Linux world.
'What the Hell Went Wrong?'
"Whatever they do, they need to make sure that they do everything in their power to keep away the self-labeled 'UI designers' who have f**ked over GNOME, Firefox, and numerous other major open source projects lately," warned Anonymous Coward.
Indeed, "the community has [been] beating Gnome over the head for months now. But Gnome stubbornly refuses to go back to their less FUBAR interface," agreed walterbyrd. "What the hell is wrong with them? Oh well, at least there's forking."
And again: "A year or two ago everybody was happy with Gnome," mused muszek. "Just Gnome, we didn't have to call it Gnome 2.x. Now we have Gnome 2.x, plain Gnome 3.x, Unity, Mint Gnome Shell Extensions, MATE and now another kid on the block... what the hell went wrong?"
'Fork Fatigue'
Similar sentiments could be heard down at the Linux blogosphere's Punchy Penguin Saloon.
"I think I'm beginning to suffer from 'fork fatigue,'" began Barbara Hudson, a blogger on Slashdot who goes by "Tom" on the site.
"Still, given a choice and a few spare hours, I'd definitely be willing to give it a whirl," Hudson added. "It looks interesting, and people have been saying good things about it."
Indeed, "it's good that they have a better feel for what customers want, as opposed to the GNOME team that just ignores its users," agreed consultant and Slashdot blogger Gerhard Mack.
'I Gotta Ask... Why?'
Then again, "I gotta ask....why?" countered Slashdot blogger hairyfeet. "Isn't there enough fracturing in the DE camps right now without Mint making some bastardized Frankenstein of GNOME 2 and 3?
"I don't see why, now that mint has grown in popularity, they don't follow Canonical's lead and pick their own DE which can be customized to their distro instead of trying to keep some horrible kludge of GNOME 2 and 3 running, which I bet will be a buggy nightmare," hairyfeet added.
There are alternatives to developing a whole new desktop, he pointed out.
'They Ain't the Only Game in Town'
"While KDE and GNOME have both gone off the rails and are ignoring users, frankly they ain't the only game in town," hairyfeet said.
"There are several smaller DEs that give better performance in a lower footprint, and if they want mint used on mobile as well as desktops, they really need to worry about resources," he noted.
"There is XFCE and LXDE and E-17, all of which could be easily made the de facto DE in mint," hairyfeet suggested. "I'm sure the devs would be happy to work WITH Mint, unlike GNOME 3, which doesn't seem to be listening to anybody right now."
'There IS a Paying Market'
Unfortunately, Linux also faces a bigger problem, Hudson said.
"All the interface twiddling in the world still doesn't address a major shortfall: the failure of the distros to work with software makers to help port their software," Hudson asserted.
"It seems to me this would be both a welcome revenue stream and a way to promote your distro," she explained. "Then again, it's going to be a much harder sell than it was when Loki Software was porting games. Loki couldn't make a go of it financially, and it didn't have to compete with consoles, smart phones, and tablets for mind share, never mind market share." The Humble Bundle series "proves there IS a paying market for linux products," Hudson added. It's just that "it hasn't been promoted all that well to date."
'More Than I Need'
As for blogger and retired teacher Robert Pogson, "I want to spend the last years of my life using my PC, not learning weird and wonderful new user interfaces," he told Linux Girl.
"When I was a kid I loved puzzles," Pogson explained. "Now that I've chosen what I want to do with my life, they are a lot less fun.
"I will keep XFCE4 on my desktop for a while," he concluded. "No need to switch distros that way. Debian includes more than I need."
Katherine Noyes has been writing from behind Linux Girl's cape since late 2007, but she knows how to be a reporter in real life, too. She's particularly interested in space, science, open source software and geeky things in general. You can also find her on Twitter.
A top aide to Bill Clinton warned fellow Clinton Foundation advisers against making "too many rules" regarding conflicts of interest at the charity due to the former president's overlapping personal, political and philanthropic pursuits.
Justin Cooper, a longtime staffer who managed Hillary Clinton's private server at the State Department, told other high-level aides in Nov. 2011 that he shared the concerns of Doug Band, another longtime staffer, over the possibility that Bill Clinton might soon be asked to sign a disclosure form.
"I think there [sic] WJC may have some real serious conflicts if we start to make too many rules," Cooper wrote, using Bill Clinton's initials, in an email made public Friday by WikiLeaks. "It may be time to update some procedures but we can not ignore the nexus of WJC's life."
Cooper's warning came at a time when the Clinton Foundation was undergoing a corporate review given the conflicts and bureaucratic excess that had begun to plague its operations.
Chelsea Clinton earlier sounded the alarm about rumors that Band had invoked her father's name, without his knowledge or consent, in order to woo British clients for his newly-founded consulting firm, Teneo Strategies.
Band reacted strongly, called Chelsea Clinton a "spoiled brat kid" and followed up with a memo that laid out Teneo's involvement in bringing personal profits to Bill Clinton and big donations to his foundation.
That memo, in which he described the nexus of the former president's multi-million dollar enterprises as "Bill Clinton Inc," included examples of lucrative speaking deals Cooper and Band secured for him. In some of those examples, the speaking deals involved a parallel donation to the Clinton Foundation, further blurring the lines between Bill Clinton's personal profits and eponymous charity.
Cooper appeared before Congress in September and testified that he had constant access to Hillary Clinton's private email server during her State Department tenure.
The longtime Clinton aide also netted a six-figure salary from the foundation during that time, according to emails published last month by WikiLeaks.
The transparency website has, since Oct. 7, published more than 47,000 emails taken from the inbox of John Podesta, Hillary Clinton's campaign chair. The Democratic nominee's team has declined to comment on the emails' contents, citing the purportedly illegal nature of how WikiLeaks obtained the messages.
But Clinton has faced more than a year's worth of questions about the intersection of her State Department work and her family's foundation, as well as whether her husband's financial relationships may have affected her diplomatic decisions.
The FBI has reportedly opened a sprawling investigation into the Clinton Foundation amid allegations of quid pro quo and financial misdeeds.
I WORK with clients on a daily basis who are so confused by the amount of contradicting information around finding and maintaining a healthy weight.
Over the past few decades there has been a huge emphasis on calorie counting. People measuring each ingredient like a science experiment waiting to explode. The only explosion is usually the frustration that comes with setting yourself up with failure.
The fact is, it's not practical for most of us, and takes away the enjoyment of food as we are constantly faced with failing our numbers like we are back in school sitting a dreaded maths exam.
For a nutritional plan to work for you, it has to be easy to follow, sustainable and rewarding. Here are three reasons calorie counting should be sent back to the dark ages:
1. THE PROBLEM ISN'T THE AMOUNT OF CALORIES, BUT THE TYPE
Take for example 100 calories from pure sugar compared to 100 calories from avocado. Are they going to be burnt the same way? Will they have the same effect on your hormones such as insulin? Will they create the same cravings and energy low afterwards? Will they stimulate your hormones such as testosterone and oestrogen in a positive way? Are they both used as building blocks to actually build new cells in the body?
The truth is a calorie is not a calorie is not a calorie.
If you understand the effects each type of food has on your body and then you listen to your body, you will have a sustainable way to enjoy eating healthy.
2. IT TAKES AWAY ENJOYMENT
When we set up strict rules and are constantly counting and measuring, it takes away the enjoyment of food. Not to mention that measuring food is not practical unless you are at home with the scales and a calculator. So you set yourself up to fail, especially if you are a social person. No one likes to fail and it kills your sense of achievement and creates unneeded stress.
3. THEY'RE HARD TO ACTUALLY MEASURE
We can measure calories in with hard work, but can we measure calories out precisely? Have you ever been on a treadmill and at the end of a hard one hour run it tells you that you have only burnt off the banana bread you just ate? You freak out and think ‘how much do I have to run to balance everything I am eating in a day?'!
The truth is your body is burning fuel even when you are not moving. Your cells are continually changing, replicating and growing. Your muscles are continually contracting and relaxing even when you are not moving. Take shivering for example. Studies have found that 15 minutes of shivering is equivalent to an hour of moderate exercise.
Also, the more muscle you have the more energy you burn at rest (resting metabolic rate). It is quite impossible to measure your calories burnt unless you are continually hooked up to a respiration monitor.
When it comes to eating healthy, try stick to this method for most meals. Each meal should contain some protein about the size and thickness of your own palm, salad and veggies about the size of your two open hands together and some healthy fats about the size of 2-3 fingers.
This is so much easier than counting calories, but you do need to learn about what are the best sources for your fats/proteins/veggies/carbs etc.
Dr Tim Robards is a Chiropractor and exercise scientist (B. Med. Sc, M. Chiro) and regular news.com.au columnist. Tim recently launched his unique exercise and diet program The Robards Method. You can follow Tim on Instagram and Twitter.
A Bajrang Dal activist is hacked to death in Moodbidri in coastal Karnataka allegedly by a group of Muslim beef traders and the story gathers little traction. In Dadri, Mohammad Akhlaq's brutal killing has dominated the news. When Taslima Nasrin is assaulted by MIM activists in Hyderabad, there is scarcely a prime time debate. When Sudheendra Kulkarni is doused with black ink by the Shiv Sena, there is an outcry. “Selective outrage!”shout the internet Hindus and even BJP functionaries. The accusation is repeatedly made: the liberal Indian is pro-Muslim and anti-Hindu.
Does the accusation really hold? Can Moodbidri really be compared to Dadri? A Bajrang Dal activist's conflict with a local “beef mafia” looks more like a vicious political gang war compared to the dastardly killing of an innocent elderly man in Dadri. Any murder though is unacceptable; so is there a “secular silence” when the victim is a Hindu, even if he is a Hindutva political activist?
The Hindu right believes India's secular tradition is one of Muslim “appeasement”. Yet the appeasement argument is deeply flawed. As the Sachar report a few years ago highlighted, the average Muslim is falling behind in most social and economic parameters. If appeasement is granting a Haj subsidy or benefits to a madrassa, then frankly this has made no difference to the lives of ordinary Muslims.
And yet, the question is asked, if a subsidy is given to Haj, then why not to a Vaishno Devi yatra? Once again the Hindu right fails to note how many Muslims, including the fiery Syed Shahabuddin, have spoken out openly against Haj subsidy. Hasn't Javed Akhtar repeatedly mocked Islamic fatwas? Haven't feminists spoken in favour of Uniform Civil Code on grounds of gender justice? Did almost the entire country not rally for a Hindu woman, Nirbhaya?
The Indian state's partiality towards minority rights was the direct consequence of Partition. Pakistan opted for an Islamic state, India repudiated the very idea of a religious state. The Nehruvian secular mission was to resist a “Hindu Pakistan” or a Hindu Rashtra by asserting that religious minorities must feel a sense of equal citizenship in India. Sadly, those ideals degenerated into the vote bank politics of the Indira-Rajiv years. Then, whether it be the Shah Bano judgment or opening the gates of Babri Masjid, the Congress played communal politics on both sides, seeking political and religious solutions where the solutions lay in fact in upholding the law.
Those years haunt today's politics and they provided an opportunity for LK Advani to first coin a lexicon — ‘pseudo secularism', ‘minority appeasement' — that pointed to this distorted secularism. However to virtually tar the entire secular liberal class for the failures of Congress politicians is a grave injustice. During the 1984 anti-Sikh riots, many journalists and human rights activists exposed the murderous intent of Congress-led mobs. These same voices challenged the manner in which the Rajiv Gandhi government buckled to pressure and banned Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses or denied justice to a poor Muslim woman from Bhopal. The same voices campaigned against the Hashimpura massacre, again under the watch of a Congress government.
Liberals have spoken out for Dalits, gays, women and tribals whenever crimes have been committed. The same Teesta Setalvad who campaigned for victims of 2002 also exposed the partisan Mumbai police during the 1992-93 riots when Congress ruled Maharashtra. When Nasrin was hounded out of Bengal, yes, a few Bengali left intellectuals did cave in meekly, but many others openly supported her, including Arundhati Roy. When Rushdie was prevented from attending a lit fest, a group of authors reads out his works at the fest as a riposte to the Islamist zealots.
Those who argue that Muslim fundamentalists are treated with kid gloves must not forget that no rightwing politician — be it the late Bal Thackeray or a Pravin Togadia — has ever spent extended periods in jail despite their incendiary speeches. So exactly who is being “appeased” here? The truth is, secular politics gets discredited not only because it has pussy-footed with Islamic militant groups, but because it has not rejected Hindu extremism unequivocally enough. This has given space to the so-called fringe groups to slowly acquire greater appeal, resulting in the growing clout of pseudo-nationalists.
The you-have-no-right-to-protest-because-you-are- selective line is nothing but an attempt to muzzle freedom. The real challenge is not political favouritism towards minorities, it is to ensure the law applies evenly to all religious groups. Throw the law book at those responsible for Dadri and for Moodbidri. Whether we like to admit it or not, “liberalism” in India goes back to the Upanishads, the Buddha and Kabir and is a far older tradition than a mere few decades of Hindutva politics and its imitation of Islamic extremism.
Konarka Technologies, Inc., a company we have been following on The Sietch for a long time, today announced the company has opened the largest roll-to-roll flexible thin film solar manufacturing facility in the world, preparing for the commercialization and mass production of its patent-protected thin film solar material, Power Plastic. Located in New Bedford, Massachusetts, the 250,000 square foot building was previously the location for Polaroid Corporationâ€™s most advanced printing technologies.
â€œThis facility has state-of-the-art printing capabilities that are ready for full operation, with the future potential to produce over a gigawatt of flexible plastic solar modules per year,â€ commented Howard Berke, executive chairman and co-founder of Konarka. â€œOur technical leadership and innovation in flexible thin film solar, along with this facilityâ€™s capabilities of producing in excess of 10 million square meters of material per year, will allow us to produce Power Plastic for indoor, portable, outdoor and building integrated applications.â€
With this U.S. based manufacturing location, Konarka further expands its presence in Massachusetts and accelerates its aggressive plans to develop and commercialize its polymer-based organic photovoltaic (OPV) technologies worldwide. In addition to acquiring the fully automated roll-to-roll manufacturing line, the company has also hired the leading technology and process engineering teams from Polaroid, with plans to hire over 100 additional employees as production increases toward capacity over the next two to three years.
Konarkaâ€™s advanced photovoltaic technology started with the work of the late Dr. Sukant Tripathy, an internationally known polymer materials scientist, provost at UMASS Lowell and founder of the Plastic Innovation Center and Dr. Alan Heeger, Konarkaâ€™s chief scientist, who was awarded the Nobel Prize in chemistry in 2000. The ground-breaking discoveries from both founding scientists led to Konarkaâ€™s underlying technology leadership, including a manufacturing process at relatively low temperatures, which enables the use of low-cost plastic substrate films. As a result of these pioneering innovations, the company has secured over $100 million from leading venture capital and private equity funds, as well as $18 million in government agency research grants from the U.S. and Europe.
â€œSince 2001, Konarka has taken revolutionary lab discoveries from its founding scientists to pilot production for initial customers and now to full-scale manufacturing with the near future capacity of one gigawatt per year, which could contribute to the power and electricity needs of our nation and the avoidance of CO2 emissions,â€ commented Rick Hess, president and CEO at Konarka. â€œAs one of the original recipients of the Solar American Initiative (SAI) awards in 2007, Konarka is furthering the U.S. Department of Energyâ€™s (DOE) vision to reach its goal of making solar electricity from photovoltaics cost-competitive with conventional forms of electricity.â€
In addition to global and national interest, the project has been assisted by various Massachusetts departments and quasi-public agencies, including the Massachusetts Governorâ€™s Office, the Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development, the Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs, MassDevelopment and the Massachusetts Technology Collaborativeâ€™s Renewable Energy Trust Fund and Green Energy Fund.
â€œWith our nationally recognized technology expertise and resources, Massachusetts is becoming a global center for alternative and renewable energy, and Konarka is helping to solidify our commitment to a clean energy future and ongoing economic development and job growth in the Commonwealth,â€ commented, Daniel Oâ€™Connell, Massachusetts Secretary of Housing and Economic Development.
The company has also partnered with the City of New Bedford to become a Certified Project under the Massachusetts Economic Development Incentive Program (EDIP). Under the EDIP, Certified Projects receive favorable state and local tax treatment in exchange for committing to certain job creation and private investment criteria. The EDIP is designed to increase economic activity within the Commonwealthâ€™s identified Economic Target Areas (ETAs) and the City of New Bedford has historically utilized the EDIP as one of its key economic development planning tools.
Scott W. Lang, Mayor of New Bedford, added, â€œWe are excited that Konarka is bringing new jobs to help further drive the economy and interest in the city of New Bedford, and we are proud that our city is home once again to an industry leading manufacturing plant.â€
Constructed and further expanded in the 1990â€™s for Polaroidâ€™s advanced technology development and large-scale manufacturing, Konarkaâ€™s New Bedford facility has been retrofitted to immediately begin initial production of Power Plastic. Using multiple in-line processing stations with precision multi-layer manufacturing processes that are adaptable to a variety of printing and coating technologies, the facility will enable the company to further develop and advance nano-enabled polymer photovoltaic materials that are lightweight, flexible and more versatile than traditional solar materials.
So even in these dire economic times it seems that renewable energy is still a strong bet, I was very happy to hear that it was mentioned many times last night in the presidential debate. Clearly if we want to continue to have an economy, it must be a smaller, more sustainable, and renewable energy based one.
Harmonix and Disney Interactive are excited to announce that Disney Fantasia: Music Evolved will be available on Xbox One and Kinect for Xbox 360 on October 21, 2014!
Harmonix is headed to E3 in Los Angeles next week, where we'll show off an exciting new explorable realm – The Neighborhood. You can bring this funky urban cityscape to life by performing and remixing songs, as well as creating your own compositions within the realm.
CLICK HERE TO SEE THE NEIGHBORHOOD IN ACTION!
We've also announced new playable songs for Disney Fantasia: Music Evolved! The soundtrack will feature over 30 remixable tracks. Check out the list of newly announced songs below:
Depeche Mode - "Enjoy the Silence"
Drake - "Take Care" (ft. Rihanna)
Tchaikovsky - "The Nutcracker Medley"
Police - "Message in a Bottle"
M.I.A. - "Galang”
The Who - "The Real Me"
Stay tuned for even more Disney Fantasia: Music Evolved updates in the coming months!
"LIKE" FANTASIA ON FACEBOOK
"FOLLOW" FANTASIA ON TWITTER
"SUBSCRIBE" TO THE FANTASIA YOUTUBE CHANNEL
The Week in Review
The Labor Department on Friday said unemployment in September stood at 9.1 percent for the third month in a row. The Occupy Wall Street demonstrators, many of them unemployed themselves, shined a spotlight on greed for a third week in a row. "They have struck a nerve," Sen. Bernie Sanders said. The senator talked about President Obama's jobs bill and the Wall Street protests during a Friday interview with Martin Bashir on MSNBC.
Jobs
Calling on Congress to act on a jobs bill, President Obama on Thursday declared an economic "emergency." At about the same time as the president's press conference, Sanders was speaking on the Senate floor about how millions of jobs could be created by rebuilding America's crumbling roads, bridges, railroads, schools, waterworks, energy systems and other bricks-and-mortar infrastructure projects. As more and more economists worry about a so-called double dip recession, Sanders told fellow senators that real unemployment is more than 16 percent when you count those who have given up looking for jobs and workers forced to settle for part-time jobs. Watch the speech.
Trade
The Senate was on the verge of approving a bill to put high tariffs on some Chinese exports if Beijing fails to adopt a market-driven exchange rate for its currency. Sanders is a cosponsor of the bill that could come to a final Senate vote on Tuesday. He will strenuously oppose, however, new trade agreements with South Korea, Colombia and Panama which President Obama sent to Congress on Monday. One of the major reasons the middle class is collapsing and unemployment is unacceptably high is that bad trade deals cost millions of good-paying jobs. During the last 10 years, 50,000 U.S. factories shut down, millions of jobs were lost and it is harder and harder to buy products made in the United States.
Occupy Wall Street
The growing protest movement aimed at the greed of Wall Street drew support from organized labor and from some leaders in Washington. "I applaud them," Sanders told CNN. Even Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke was sympathetic to the protesters when Sanders and another member of the Joint Economic Committee questioned him at a hearing on Tuesday. "They blame, with some justification, the financial sector with getting us into this mess," Bernanke said. Watch Sanders question the Fed chairman. Watch Wolf Blitzer interview the senator about the protests. Watch Keith Olbermann and Sanders discuss class warfare. Read the senator's column posted by The Guardian and The Boston Globe.
Oil and Gas Prices
With oil prices skyrocketing as winter approaches, Sanders wrote a newspaper column making the case for more funds to help seniors and low-income families with children heat their homes. He also kept the heat on federal commodity regulators - the Commodity Futures Trading Commission - to rein in Wall Street speculators. "We need the commission to do its job, obey the law, adopt a rule with some real teeth and eliminate excessive oil speculation," Sanders said. Excessive speculation in the oils futures market is to blame for higher gas prices, not supply and demand, he told CNBC's Jim Cramer. Watch the interview. Read the column.
Hi guys!
Last week, I never posted a page, just a cryptic message. Sorry, that wasn't very nice of me. I needed time to think, and I have come to a decision. I'm in the process of moving, have a lot of travelling coming up, and have a lot of unresolved health issues that I need to fix. I would also like to redo the first few chapters of my comic to make it more appealing to new readers. Because of all of this, I have decided to take a half-hiatus. I also plan to switch over comic sites, including possibly building my own personally hosted site. Don't worry, though! Airwaves won't go totally silent! I'll still be posting art and maybe even the occasional character profile! I'll also be checking social media often too, so don't hesitate to contact me. MxP won't be gone for too long! I plan to bring back, life providing, around the 31st of July. Two months isn't that long, right? Anyway, thank you so much to all those that constantly support me and MxP! You guys are the best!
-N
NEW DELHI: India's continuing abject failure to build a robust defence industrial base (DIB) has come to into focus once again, with an international thinktank holding its arms imports are now almost three times as high as those of the second and third largest arms importers, China and Pakistan.As per the latest data on international arms transfers released by Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), the volume of Indian imports of major weapons rose by 111% between 2004-08 and 2009-13, and its share of the volume of international arms imports increased from 7% to 14%.The major suppliers of arms to India in 2009-13 were Russia (accounting for 75% of imports) and the US (7%), which for the first time became the second largest arms supplier to India, said SIPRI. As earlier reported by TOI, the US has already bagged defence deals close to $10 billion over the last decade in the lucrative Indian defence market, with the latest being the $1.01 billion one for six additional C-130J "Super Hercules" aircraft.The other deals on the anvil are the ones for 22 Apache attack helicopters, 15 Chinook heavy-lift helicopters, four P-8I maritime patrol aircraft and 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers, together worth another $4 billion or so.SIPRI, on its part, said the USA's share of Pakistani imports in the same period was 27%. China was also a major supplier in the region, accounting for 54% of Pakistani arms imports and 82% of Bangladeshi imports."Chinese, Russian and US arms supplies to South Asia are driven by both economic and political considerations," said Siemon Wezeman of SIPRI. In particular, China and the US appear to be using arms deliveries to Asia to strengthen their influence in the region, he added.The five largest suppliers of major weapons during the five-year period 2009-13 were the United States (29% of global arms exports), Russia (27%), Germany (7%), China (6%) and France (5%).Despite India's emergence as the world's largest arms importer over the last decade, the modernisation of its armed forces continues to take place in a haphazard manner due to the lack of concrete strategic planning in tune with the country's long-term geopolitical objectives, as reported by TOI earlier.The Indian armed forces are still grappling with critical shortages in fighter jets, submarines, helicopters, howitzers, night-fighting capabilities and the like. The IAF, for instance, is down to just 34 fighter squadrons when it requires at least 44 to be "comfortable" against the twin-challenge posed by Pakistan and China.A K Antony, who has been India's longest-serving defence minister, may have often chanted the mantra of "indigenisation" during his seven-and-a-half year tenure, especially after defence scams erupted one after the other, but failed to deliver meaningful systemic reforms on the ground.There was, for instance, no concrete revamping of the DRDO and its 50 establishments as well as the five defence PSUs, four shipyards and 39 ordnance factories to ensure they deliver weapon systems without huge cost and time overruns.Similarly, MoD has continued with its flip-flops over promoting the entry of the private sector, pushing for JVs and technology transfers in a jumbled manner, even as foreign direct investment (FDI) is still restricted to only 26% in the defence production sector.India has only managed to attract a measly $5 million as FDI in the last 14 years. It also junked innovative steps like nominating private sector companies as Raksha Udyog Ratnas to ensure they got a level playing field with the defence PSUs after first identifying 13 of them for that status.The lack of a strong DIB, unlike China, means India still continues to import over 65% of its military hardware and software, which also makes it vulnerable to supply lines being choked in times of emergency.China, meanwhile, has emerged as one of the fastest growing arms exporter around the globe after assiduously building a strong DIB. It's now hawking fighter jets, warships, missiles and smaller arms to countries like Pakistan, Bangladesh, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Bolivia and Zambia.
Among the problems on college campuses today are that students study for exams and faculty encourage them to do so.
I expect that many faculty members will be appalled by this assertion and regard it as a form of academic heresy. If anything, they would argue, students don't study enough for exams; if they did, the educational system would produce better results. But this simple and familiar phrase—"study for exams"—which is widely regarded as a sign of responsible academic practice, actually encourages student behaviors and dispositions that work against the larger purpose of human intellectual development and learning. Rather than telling students to study for exams, we should be telling them to study for learning and understanding.
If there is one student attitude that most all faculty bemoan, it is instrumentalism. This is the view that you go to college to get a degree to get a job to make money to be happy. Similarly, you take this course to meet this requirement, and you do coursework and read the material to pass the course to graduate to get the degree. Everything is a means to an end. Nothing is an end in itself. There is no higher purpose.
When we tell students to study for the exam or, more to the point, to study so that they can do well on the exam, we powerfully reinforce that way of thinking. While faculty consistently complain about instrumentalism, our behavior and the entire system encourages and facilitates it.
On the one hand, we tell students to value learning for learning's sake; on the other, we tell students they'd better know this or that, or they'd better take notes, or they'd better read the book, because it will be on the next exam; if they don't do these things, they will pay a price in academic failure. This communicates to students that the process of intellectual inquiry, academic exploration, and acquiring knowledge is a purely instrumental activity—designed to ensure success on the next assessment.
Given all this, it is hardly surprising that students constantly ask us if this or that will be on the exam, or whether they really need to know this reading for the next test, or—the single most pressing question at every first class meeting of the term—"is the final cumulative"?
This dysfunctional system reaches its zenith with the cumulative "final" exam. We even go so far as to commemorate this sacred academic ritual by setting aside a specially designated "exam week" at the end of each term. This collective exercise in sadism encourages students to cram everything that they think they need to "know" (temporarily for the exam) into their brains, deprive themselves of sleep and leisure activities, complete (or more likely finally start) term papers, and memorize mounds of information. While this traditional exercise might prepare students for the inevitable bouts of unpleasantness they will face as working adults, its value as a learning process is dubious.
According to those who study the science of human learning, it occurs only when there is both retention and transfer. Retention involves the ability to actually remember what was presumably "learned" more than two weeks beyond the end of the term. Transfer is the ability to use and apply that knowledge for subsequent understanding and analysis. Based on this definition, there is not much learning taking place in college courses.
Advertisement
One reason is that learning is equated with studying for exams and, for many students, studying for exams means "cramming." A growing amount of research literature consistently reports that cramming—short-term memorizing—does not contribute to retention or transfer. It may, however, yield positive short-term results as measured by exam scores. So, as long as we have relatively high-stakes exams determining a large part of the final grade in a course, students will cram for exams, and there will be very little learning.
An indication of this widespread nonlearning is the perennial befuddlement of faculty members who can't seem to understand why students don't know this or that, even though it was "covered" in a prior or prerequisite course. The reason they don't know it is because they did not learn it. Covering content is not the same as learning it.
Instead, how we structure the assessment of our students should involve two essential approaches: formative assessment and authentic assessment. Used jointly they can move us toward a healthier learning environment that avoids high-stakes examinations and intermittent cramming.
Formative assessments allow students to both develop their abilities and assess their progress. In this sense, they combine teaching and learning activities with assessment. These are sometimes called classroom-assessment techniques, and they do not require formal grading but rather an opportunity for students, after completing the exercise or assignment, to see what they did well and where they need to improve.
Authentic assessments involve giving students opportunities to demonstrate their abilities in a real-world context. Ideally, student performance is assessed not on the ability to memorize or recite terms and definitions but the ability to use the repertoire of disciplinary tools—be they theories, concepts, or principles—to analyze and solve a realistic problem that they might face as practitioners in the field.
Such an approach to assessment lends itself to the "open book" as a toolbox from which students can draw. Professional or disciplinary judgment is based on the ability to select the right tool and apply it effectively. If there is any preparation, it is based on a review of the formative assessments that have preceded the graded evaluation.
This all makes educational sense, and some enlightened colleges, while not necessarily adopting these assessment approaches, already have come to the realization that final exams do not advance student learning. Professors at Harvard, for example, now may choose whether to give final exams, and increasing numbers of professors are using alternative techniques.
But that is hardly enough. The education system is desperate for a new model, and higher education is the best place to start because postsecondary faculty have more flexibility to experiment with alternative forms of pedagogical techniques than primary and secondary teachers do. We can use these opportunities to make a difference in the way students study, learn, and understand.
Yes, our mantra of "studying for exams" has created and nourished a monster—but it's not too late to kill it.
Boston Beer Co.: The new No. 1? (Samuel Adams)
It's a friendly contest, emphasizes Boston Beer Co.'s founder and chairman, Jim Koch. “We are all growing despite the fact that we are competing against two brewing giants, hundreds of times our size,” he commented. “Like us, Dick Yuengling, his family and his team have worked very hard to turn more drinkers on to their brews, and I'm proud of what we've both achieved. I wish Yuengling more success.”
Boston Beer's shipments were up 4 percent for the fourth quarter, and 7 percent for the year. The Brewers Association has yet to release overall craft beer growth, but if trends continue (craft beer sales soared over 11 percent in 2010), that would put Boston Beer Co. a little behind the curve.
Koch, however, was sanguine about the year's efforts. “We had solid growth,” he reported. “The market was a little chaotic — we introduced a lot of new beers.”
Boston Beer made more than 50 Sam Adams brands in 2011, a company record, and Koch will be adding even more in 2012 to excite an increasingly fickle and novelty-seeking public. Already, the company has come out with two additional beers in its Single Batch series of 22-ounce bottles: Dark Depths, a hybrid Baltic porter/IPA, and Cinder Bock, a strong, dark, smoky lager. In the wings are two more entries: Norse Legend, a sahti (a juniper-flavored beer), and Verloren (German for “lost”), a gose. This once-obscure eastern German style of wheat beer is fermented with a lactobacillus and flavored with coriander and salt. The Sam Adams summer variety pack will also see a new addition: Belgian Session, a lower-alcohol Belgian-style pale ale.
This April, Boston Beer Co. is also preparing the national launch of a new line of hard ciders called Angry Orchard, which Koch describes as “a little crisper, little more fruit forward” than the HardCore brands the company has been making since the 1990s. The new cider will come in three types: crisp, dry and ginger apple. Koch test-marketed Angry Orchard in New England last fall, but plans for a wider rollout were thwarted when “we ran out of juice.” The ciders, says Koch, are made from traditional European cider apples like Orange Pippin and Roxbury Russet, rather than the ubiquitous eating apples like McIntosh and Golden Delicious.
Some of Boston Beer's upcoming products are draft-only releases that we probably won't see in Washington. That includes a crowd-sourced beer that Koch produced in partnership with Guy Kawasaki, Apple alumnus and managing director of the venture capital firm Garage Technology Ventures. Soliciting more than 3,500 responses by Facebook, the Sam Adams brew crew distilled these suggestions for the perfect beer into a medium-bodied amber ale, with notes of toffee and citrus and a hoppy finish. The beer (yet unnamed) was set to premiere mid-March in Boston and Austin, Texas.
Then there is Samuel Adams Boston 26.2 Brew, a commemorative beer to mark the 115th running of the Boston Marathon. Koch described it as a lower-alcohol variant (only about 4 percent alcohol by volume) of the salt-laced gose. “We wanted something refreshing that would also replace electrolytes,” he laughed.
Few visual effects technicians in cinema history were more influential and widely respected than Ray Harryhausen. After the announcement of the special-effects guru's death at 92, a huge outpouring of Hollywood voices were heard, ranging from moviemakers like Steven Spielberg to pop-culture observers like Patton Oswalt. All were unanimous in their praise for Harryhausen as a legend in his time.
Indeed, you could look long and hard without finding another visual effects artist so famously associated with one particular field of innovation. Harryhausen was the acknowledged grand master of stop-motion animation, inventing his own process along the way that he referred to as “Dynamation” for the dynamic movements of his figures. To many, he was the quintessential creator of special effects, movie monsters and fantasy filmmaking for a stretch between 1953 and 1981.
Here's a look back through the brilliantly fantastical (and often schlocky) Harryhausen film vault to list his six most essential films, in chronological order. All are available on Netflix, either streaming or by DVD.
1. The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms (1953)
Although he was involved in 1949's Mighty Joe Young, The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms was the true arrival of Harryhausen as the special effects guru audiences came to know and love. As the first of the true “giant monsters awakened by nuclear explosions” movies, this popcorn feature was incredibly influential. Harryhausen's fully articulated “Rhedosaurus” was head and shoulders above anything previously seen, and ultimately more impressive visually than its dozens of imitators, from Them! to The Deadly Mantis. This one film kicked off over a decade of drive-in imitation.
2. Earth vs. The Flying Saucers (1956)
What The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms did for giant monsters, Earth vs. The Flying Saucers did for UFOs and aliens. It's the quintessential film example of the 1950s flying saucer craze, the kind of movie that seems trope-laden when viewed now but was groundbreaking in its time. Once again, Harryhausen's work was simply a cut above the countless imitators. His gifts for scale and motion resulted in some of the most iconic images in the 1950s sci-fi in this movie, particularly in the scene where a falling saucer collides with the Washington Monument, sending it crashing down.
3. The 7th Voyage of Sinbad (1958)
By this point, studios were basically designing movies specifically as vehicles for Harryhausen's dynamation, and The 7th Voyage of Sinbad was one of the high points. He's all over this thing with creatures of every possible description, including snake women, two-headed giant birds, skeleton warriors and the dueling cyclops and dragon in the film's finale. If all of that doesn't sound good to you, then your sense of adventure is dead. The film inspired two eventual sequels, 1974's The Golden Voyage of Sinbad and 1977's Sinbad and the Eye of the Tiger, but 7th Voyage is typically recognized as the most influential and well-constructed of the series, an unforgettable childhood matinee staple for an entire generation of future filmmakers.
4. Jason and the Argonauts (1963)
Directly building on some of the sword-and-sorcery elements of Sinbad, Jason and the Argnonauts is likely Harryhausen's masterpiece. It contains some of the scenes most strongly associated with him as an effects artist, such as the menacing bronze giant Talos and the seven-headed hydra. Most famous is the sequence where Jason battles an army of stop-motion skeleton warriors in a classic scene. Go back and watch it today to relive a moment that still stands as the apex of stop-motion action cinema. This is the kind of film my father insisted I watch as a kid, and that I still remember fondly to this day. There's a tangible, physical value to this kind of effects work that comes through in Jason and the Argonauts that is difficult to replicate even with modern CGI or practical effects.
5. One Million Years B.C. (1966)
From the undeniable greatness of Jason we turn to One Million Years B.C., which was lighter on the plot and heavier on the Raquel Welch fur-bikini cheesecake. It still features great Harryhausen effects though, with some of the all-time classic dinosaur animation from films of this period. One Million Years B.C. showcases Harryhausen the entertainer, an artist who honestly didn't care about something like historical accuracy in the course of making a fun adventure movie. Dinosaurs and man living side by side? All Harryhausen cared about was that it was fun to animate.
6. Clash of the Titans (1981)
The original Clash of the Titans represented the swan song of Harryhausen, and in many ways his methods. Audiences and critics now acclimated to the technological leaps of Star Wars were beginning to find the dynamation creatures hokey and old-fashioned, ending plans for a sequel before they really got off the ground. Looking back on the film now, however, 1981's Clash of the Titans stands as yet another classical adventure that owed what success it had to the tireless work of Ray Harryhausen. It may be seen as a camp classic of sorts today, but in the most loving way possible. Certainly, it's more fun to see at a screening than the 2010 remake.
Ultimately, that may be Harryhausen's true legacy. Remake his films all you want, but to make them with the same degree of warmth and singular vision is nearly impossible.
On This Week this morning George Stephanopoulos asked Karl Rove if he denied contacting the Justice Department prosecuting former Alabama Gov. Don Siegelman. He responded with a textbook non-denial denial. Here's the video …
(ed.note: Special thanks to TPM Reader GB for the catch.)
There's never been any doubt in my mind that Siegelman was the victim of selective prosecution. Even the government's theory of the main case against him amounted to something that is standard in contemporary American politics and actually much less bad than lots of other stuff that no one thinks twice about. Cracking the nut of White House involvement has always been more difficult; but the evidence for it is substantial.
If Siegelman's and Alabama GOP lawyer Jill Simpson's stories are true, that would make this case the centerpiece example of the corruption of the DOJ revealed by the US Attorney firing scandal. In fact, it would make most of what we know now seem minor by comparison.
(Photo: Michael Coté/Flickr)
We'll soon be moving into new offices at Pacific Standard, and that has forced me to deal with my disorganized, document-draped desk. My younger colleagues, who grew up with the Internet and live in a largely paperless world, no doubt look at my workspace with puzzled amusement.
But recent research suggests there is a method to my messiness. I may not have realized it, but it seems all that clutter serves as something of a catalyst.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
"When environmental cues trigger an experience of disorder ... people are more attracted to clear, well-defined goals, and motivated to attain them," write Bob Fennis and Jacob Wiebenga of the University of Groningen in the Netherlands. This dynamic, they add, is "driven by the need to reaffirm perceptions of order."
In other words, the researchers argue in the Journal of Environmental Psychology, we have a basic need for order and structure, and if we don't find it in our immediate environment, we are driven to create it somewhere. Setting (and achieving) goals fulfills that role quite nicely.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
The researchers demonstrate this dynamic in a series of studies, the first of which featured 43 Dutch citizens who were approached on the street in a shopping district. Participants took a brief survey about the "reward programs" merchants used to attract customers.
I may not have realized it, but it seems all that clutter serves as something of a catalyst.
They indicated their level of agreement or disagreement (on a one-to-six scale) with two statements: "I prefer to participate in a program that clearly indicates the total number of points required to redeem for a reward," and "I get an unpleasant feeling from the crowdedness" of the busy, store-filled neighborhood.
"Participants with higher experienced disorder felt more attracted to a reward program with a clear and specific endpoint," the researchers report.
The concept of a disordered environment was introduced more subtly in another study, which featured 90 Dutch citizens recruited online.
Participants "were exposed to four pictures of scenes depicting a disordered store environment (disorganized shelves and cloth racks), an ordered store environment (nicely organized shelves and cloth racks), or neutral pictures which were used as controls," Fennis and Wiebenga write. "These scenes functioned as the website's background (and) were slightly grayed out."
The researchers add that the images were never referred to, and "the concepts of order and disorder were never explicitly brought to participants' attention."
All were asked to imagine they were participating in a reward program, and had collected half the points needed to receive the gift of their choice from a retailer's catalog. Participants indicated how motivated they were to collect additional points and receive their reward. They also responded to statements indicating their personal need for order, such as "I find that establishing a consistent routine enables me to enjoy life more."
The key result: Those who had seen images of the messy environment were more motivated to do whatever was necessary to receive their gift.
"These results indicate that a disordered environment prompts increased motivation in goal pursuit," the researchers write. Subtle visual cues indicating disorder "led to a higher need for order," which in turn motivated participants to work toward a goal.
The psychological explanation for this is quite straightforward. Many studies have found that "a perceived threat to order and structure prompts responses aimed at regaining a sense of order by converting a fuzzy world into a more understandable and predictable one," the researchers note. "Goals and goal pursuit provide a sense of order because they specify concrete agents, means and ends—the building blocks of a perception of order and structure."
So if you're having trouble setting—or achieving—goals for yourself, you might want to try cluttering up your work space a bit. The mess may be motivational.
Findings is a daily column by Pacific Standard staff writer Tom Jacobs, who scours the psychological-research journals to discover new insights into human behavior, ranging from the origins of our political beliefs to the cultivation of creativity.
NYDN: Betances doesn't want to talk about extension, but he wants to be part of Yankees future
(14 Comments - 2/26/2019 10:33:59 pm)
MLBTR; Yankees To Extend Aaron Hicks
(55 Comments - 2/26/2019 2:15:11 pm)
NJ.com: Yankees' Miguel Andujar pulled 15 times for defense in 2018; This season's plan is …
(100 Comments - 2/25/2019 9:26:25 am)
NYDN: Yankees never even made Manny Machado an offer. They just weren't a fit
(42 Comments - 2/21/2019 1:52:29 pm)
NY Post: Yankees celebrate special teammate as Sabathia sendoff starts
(82 Comments - 2/20/2019 1:05:16 pm)
MLB: Source: Severino, Yanks reach 4-year deal
(21 Comments - 2/18/2019 7:12:08 pm)
NY Post: Yankees won't be seeing Jacoby Ellsbury for a while
(39 Comments - 2/15/2019 4:29:23 pm)
NY Post: Destroying the myth Yankees needed Machado or Harper
(34 Comments - 2/14/2019 7:29:45 pm)
TGS: Hal Steinbrenner says Yankees have made the right moves
(90 Comments - 2/13/2019 11:53:53 am)
ESPN: Sources: MLB and players discussing rule changes that could alter game
(66 Comments - 2/8/2019 10:43:46 am)
CAIRO just takes the Marcels and changes the underlying assumptions and components in a bunch of ways that make the Yankees look better.
-alskor
Wow, two stupid posts in one day. I think you've reached your yearly quota.
sabernar
I don't know if any of you current posters were around for that, but if so, I just can't understand how you can call yourselves Yankee fans. Pathetic quitters are what you sounded like. Of the lame posts I could stand to read, the only person who had any confidence in the Yankees at that point was a (yeesh) Red Sox fan.
Jeter is King
Quite the attitude you have SG. Maybe you should shitcan this blog and join Steve at WasWatching? Or follow some other stupid team that has made the PS 15 of the last 17 years. Jeez… and some people think Yankee fans are entitled.
OldYanksFan
FORT LAUDERDALE — Did the National Hurricane Center flub Tropical Storm Erika's forecast?
James Franklin, the center's top hurricane specialist, said Monday that the forecast errors were considerably larger than normal, particularly when the system was four and five days away from a possible hit on Florida. But, he said, officials noted all along the forecast held a high degree of uncertainty because of the storm's disheveled nature and the atmospheric obstacles it faced.
Erika, predicted to aim everywhere from South Florida to the Carolinas and Alabama, fell apart on Saturday morning near Cuba after encountering strong wind shear and the rugged mountains of Hispaniola.
"I wish the forecast had been better," Franklin said. "We always want to make a perfect forecast. But we know that's not going to be true."
Bryan Norcross, hurricane specialist for The Weather Channel, said the hurricane center did a better job than people think but fell down on communicating the forecast uncertainties. He said the "right message" would have been: "There is high confidence Erika will affect Florida, but very low confidence in how strong it will be."
Jeff Masters, director of meteorology for Weather Underground, the online weather site, said Erika's track forecasts were far off the mark and "will be a big drag on the National Hurricane Center's accuracy for 2015."
Here is Franklin's postmortem:
What made the forecast so difficult?
After emerging in the central Atlantic on Aug. 24, forecasters knew Erika would interact with land and face strong wind shear when it entered the Caribbean. But they didn't know how much land it would cross and couldn't be sure if it would hang together or get shredded apart. Further complicating the forecast was the system's mushy nature; it was never fully organized.
"Weak and disorganized systems are always more challenging than the Category 3 hurricane," Franklin said.
What was the biggest challenge?
Trying to predict Erika's strength, because its strength would dictate its path.
A stronger system would be pulled north by atmospheric steering mechanisms and a weaker one would have drifted more to the west, possibly toward Florida.
If the storm plowed over land, it would weaken; it would strengthen if it remained over water.
"The land complicated matters because you needed to hit the track forecast just right to get the proper amount of land interaction," Franklin said. "It had more land interaction than we initially thought it would."
Did the models fall down?
To some degree, yes, because they couldn't grasp how the storm would react to all the complex atmospheric factors. That, in turn, was mainly because the models couldn't get an accurate picture of the storm's structure.
As a result, they swung the projected path back and forth, Franklin said.
"The models have never handled this type of storm particularly well," he said. "What we saw in this case was a great deal of inconsistency from run to run."
What went right?
On Friday afternoon, when Erika was about 48 hours away from a possible hit on South Florida, the hurricane center decided not to issue a tropical storm watch or warning for this region.
"We elected not to do so because we thought there was significant chance those watches and warnings would never be necessary," Franklin said. "So we waited to see what the interaction with Hispaniola would be, and in fact, the next morning, there was nothing left of the storm."
What could the hurricane center have done better?
Even though forecasters emphasized the high degree of uncertainty, residents focused on forecast track instead of the cone of uncertainty.
"We still need to do a better job of conveying uncertainties of tropical cyclones in the forecast," Franklin said.
In the future, the uncertainty might be highlighted in the Public Advisory portion of a forecast, he said. Now it's mentioned in only the Forecast Discussion for a storm.
How can residents better understand the forecast?
They should pay closer attention to the hurricane center's graphics that show the probability of a storm's winds hitting certain areas of the coastline, Franklin said. Had they done so for Erika, they would have seen the chances of any particular spot in South Florida being hit by hurricane-force winds were no more than 4 percent and with tropical-storm force winds less than 50 percent — during the entire Erika forecast.
"Was the hype out there commensurate with a 4 percent risk?" he said.
On other hand, he added: "Anybody out on Wednesday and Thursday buying supplies and going to the store was doing exactly the right thing, getting ready in case a watch or warning needed to be issued for South Florida."
How likely are we to see more off-target forecasts?
Very likely, Franklin said. "We have scenarios like this every year," he said. "This one happened to occur when Florida was in the five-day cone, which calls a lot of attention to it. But this is not a new problem."
TIMELINE
Here's how the hurricane center forecast Erika:
Aug. 24: The center aimed Erika toward South Florida from the moment the system emerged in the central Atlantic.
Aug. 25: Forecasters placed South Florida in Erika's cone of uncertainty.
Aug. 26: First the system was predicted to hit South Florida dead-on as a minimal hurricane. Then the track shifted toward Georgia or the Carolinas. By the end of the day, the system was back at South Florida - and projected to hit with top winds of 85 mph.
Aug. 27: Erika still was projected to scrape South Florida as a hurricane and possibly aim north.
Aug. 28: The track shifted significantly to the west and Erika was no longer projected to be a hurricane. But it still was predicted to hit the southern tip of the state as a tropical storm.
Aug. 29: Erika dissipated.
©2015 Sun Sentinel
A 2000 study in The Lancet illustrates the power of this approach. Twenty-four “asymptomatic” individuals exposed to Ebola were tested using P.C.R. Eleven of the exposed patients eventually developed the infection. Seven of the 11 tested positive for the P.C.R. assay; none of the other 13 did. In 2004, virologists at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention further refined this method to increase its sensitivity. The test now requires only a teaspoon of blood. The sample is transported, on ice, to a centralized lab. Results are back in a few hours.
Technologies like this allow us to imagine a new form of quarantine. Rather than relying on primitive instruments, indiscriminate profiling or questionnaires, we should consider running a pilot program to test asymptomatic travelers using sensitive P.C.R.-based techniques. Obviously, such technologies are expensive, but the cost is not prohibitive. A typical P.C.R. reaction, including labor, costs between $60 and $200 (we have already spent 100 times more disposing of the contaminated sheets from the home Mr. Duncan stayed in). Since the test takes about a third of the time of a trans-Atlantic flight, the flight would become the quarantine.
Huge logistical questions would need to be solved. Where would such a screening test be administered — before departure from West Africa, or upon landing? Could we imagine a walking quarantine in which travelers were granted provisional entry, but recalled if they tested positive? What infection precautions would need to be in place for such testing? What forms of consent would be required? Who would bear the costs? Who exactly would be tested?
Despite these questions, we should develop a pilot program, perhaps targeting the worst-hit regions of the epidemic. Currently, immigrants to the United States are screened with blood tests and chest X-rays to detect preclinical tuberculosis. Testing nonimmigrant travelers is obviously a much larger endeavor, but a targeted program is worth the effort.
One major issue with this kind of rapid-testing quarantine is the phenomenon of false positives. But P.C.R.-based testing for Ebola has a low false-positive rate (three per 1,000), and its accuracy could be further improved by focusing on patients who come from particular geographic regions or by using more refined questionnaires. The second problem is false negatives: missing actual carriers of the infection. And yet, at four false negatives per 1,000, the detection rate might be sufficient to keep Ebola from becoming epidemic in the United States. Even the presence of such a testing and tracking system would act as a deterrent to those who wish to evade detection.
A rapid-testing quarantine would be expensive, but a pilot program might teach us much more about how to move forward. It certainly does not solve the civil liberties questions of quarantining, but it makes them vastly more palatable.
Ebola is an ingenious virus. To fight it, we need to be just as ingenious.
The second Saudi man who was wounded in a road accident resulting from a car chase by members of the kingdom's religious police last week has died, Saudi media reported on Tuesday.
The al-Hayat daily reported that Saud Algoos, who was being treated for head injuries, body fractures and wounds, died when his heart stopped.
His brother Nasser Algoos, 24, lost his life earlier after their vehicle overturned when they were chased by the country's religious police in the capital Riyadh.
Saud worked as a member of the Saudi police in Riyadh, according to al-Riyadh daily newspaper.
“Doctors had informed us that he was brain dead, but we did not give hope to treat him and we tried to move him to other specialized medical centers. Doctors asked us, however, to keep him in the same hospital until his situation is a bit stable, but it was to Allah's will that he died today,” his third brother, Saad, told al-Riyadh.
Sheikh Abdullatif Al Sheikh, the head of the Saudi religious police, admitted on Sunday that members of his authority were involved in the deadly car chase.
“The truth is that the pursuit took place, and I have immediately issued a decision [and] condemned the incident,” Sheikh said in an interview with Al Arabiya.
Sheikh added that the incident is currently under investigation.
“Upon the issuance of the results, everyone will take his/her right according to the law,” Sheikh added.
But Veteran Saudi journalist, Omar el-Madhawi, said that admitting mistakes is not enough and that action is needed.
“The judicial authorities have never taken action to prevent the mistakes and crimes committed by the religious police force. The law is always on their side,” he told Al Arabiya News.
The news of the crash stirred uproar on social media, especially after it became known that the involved members of the Saudi religious police fled the scene of the accident.
A witness uploaded a video of the car chase on his Twitter account with the hashtag: “The_religious_police_killed_two_men_on_National_Day.”
Reactions appeared to be tense but divided between those who supported the religious authority, commonly known as the Committee for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice, and those opposed it.
The authority is also referred to in Arabic simply as “the Haia” meaning “the committee.”
One Twittter user @Nejer wrote: “The Haia's situation is similar to many government entities in Saudi; they all need restructuring and fixing.”
@GhaidaAbdulaziz posted a comment saying “There's no sound evidence, and I feel that it's a hoax so I urge you all to stop destroying the Haia's image.”
The religious police in Saudi Arabia are tasked with enforcing Sharia (Islamic law) as defined in Saudi Arabia. In addition to having the power to arrest anyone engaged in homosexual acts, prostitution, fornication, or proselytizing of non-Muslim religions, they can also arrest unrelated males and females caught socializing, enforce Islamic dress-codes, Muslim dietary laws (such as the prohibition of eating pork) and store closures during prayer times.
Last Update: Wednesday, 2 October 2013 KSA 08:44 - GMT 05:44
All the House Democratic leaders, from conservatives like Steny Hoyer, Steve Israel, Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Joe Crowley to "liberals" like Nancy Pelosi, Jim Clyburn and Xavier Becerra, are working to round up votes inside the caucus to back Obama's plan to bomb Syria. Pelosi became leader of the Democrats because she stood up to Bush and Democratic Leader Dick Gephardt when they asked Congress to approve plans to attack Iraq. Most Democrats joined Pelosi against that war-- and that ended Dick Gephardt's political career. That was a very different Nancy Pelosi than the one leading House Democrats today.
On the other hand, we still have plenty of Democrats in the House strenuously opposing the war arguments-- Alan Grayson, Raul Grijalva, Barbara Lee are three excellent examples. Pelosi announced last week that she has no intention of ever being Speaker again. The vultures waiting in the wings-- Hoyer, Wasserman Schultz, Crowley-- to take over the leadership of the House caucus would all be catastrophic for the Democratic brand and for grassroots values that make someone a Democrat instead of a Republican.
It's time to start thinking about electing a leader of the House Democrats who is NOT a conservative and who is not a pillar of institutionalized Beltway corruption.
The way WE can help that process along is to elect more progressives to Congress who will not be beholden to the Steve Israels, Steny Hoyers, and Debbie Wasserman Schultzes. It's imperitive that we help elect people who will be open-minded about electing caucus leaders like Grayson, not yesterday's stale leftovers like Hoyer and Wasserman Schultz.
A grassroots progressive in Oklahoma, Tom Guild, is an independent thinker and is going to have an open mind. "Syria is a basket case," he told us, "with heartbreaking tragedies piled one on another. The [Assad] government is evil and much of the opposition is affiliated with enemies of the United States. We should tread carefully and make sure we are not drawn into another war without end. American cannot be the world's policeman, and we have paid a heavy price trying to do so."
Nick Ruiz, a professor who once ran as a Green, is the progressive Democratic candidate in the Orlando area running against GOP warmonger John Mica, also gave us a position just before Obama announced he would ask for a congressional vote before attacking.
The great migration began perhaps 40 years ago. From strongholds in the Rocky Mountains and Texas, young males headed east, seeking female companionship and new places to settle.
The emigrants were about seven feet long, nose to tail, and weighed up to 160 pounds. Given a dietary choice, they preferred deer, but would eat almost anything that moved: elk, bighorn sheep, wild horses, beaver, even porcupines. Left free for an evening, they were capable of killing a dozen domestic sheep before dawn, eating their fill and leaving the rest for the buzzards. They were also known to attack humans on occasion.
Long ago the Inca called them puma, but today — though they belong to only one species — they have many names. In Arizona they are known as mountain lions; in Florida they are panthers, and elsewhere in the South they are called painters. When they roamed New England, they were called catamounts. In much of the Midwest they are known as cougars, and that is the name everyone understands.
Until relatively recently, they were mainly a memory. All but exterminated east of the Rockies by 1900, they were treated as “varmints” in most Western states until the late '60s and could be shot on sight. In Maine, the last catamount was killed in 1938.
There are different moments in the lifespan of an eSports organization. Highs and lows; ups and downs; joys and sorrows. When a gaming family has been blessed with 13 years in the space, it has inevitably experienced all of these in abundance.
This isn't a comeback. It's a homecoming.
Today our family gets to enjoy one of the peaks. Call us emotional. Call us sentimental. Today our doubters can call us anything they want because we simply don't care. Today we welcome home a long lost legend.
"Our roster revamp starts now," said Jason Lake, Founder and CEO of compLexity Gaming. "In the history of North American Counter-Strike, no player has had a more lasting impact than Danny 'fRoD' Montaner. In a day where our scene is a laughing stock, we have decided to awaken the beast and bring back the king of old school. I am confident his wisdom and experience will help us develop the younger players who will complete the squad. Our plan will take time and an incredible amount of hard work, but compLexity is dedicated to bringing America another world championship. We were the last ones to do it and God willing, we'll be the next. Welcome home, Danny. We've missed you."
Follow fRoD & compLexity
Tomorrow we will announce further changes to coL.cs as we ramp up for MLG and other action. We're incredibly excited about what the future holds and eager to tackle the challenges 2016 will bring. Many of you have been fans for years and we can't thank you enough for your support. Sincerely... thank you. We're working harder than ever to re-build "The Syndicate" and invite you to join us on the journey. It's going to be a wild ride.
@compLexityLIVE | compLexityGaming | compLexityInsider
President Trump signs an executive order for border security and immigration enforcement improvements Wednesday at the Department of Homeland Security. (Pablo Martinez Monsivais/Associated Press)
President Trump on Wednesday directed his homeland security secretary to deputize local law enforcement officials to enforce immigration laws, a move that civil rights advocates fear could embolden police to racially profile those they encounter.
The directive came as part of a sweeping executive order that cracks down on people in the country without documentation and the cities that don't readily hand them over for deportation.
The order instructs the homeland security secretary to broker agreements with governors and local officials so that state and local law enforcement authorities can enforce immigration law. It declares that those places deemed “sanctuary jurisdictions,” for blocking government communication about people's immigration status, be disallowed from receiving federal grants. And it reinstates a program meant to deport those in the country illegally when they are arrested on other, sometimes minor, offenses.
[Trump to sign executive orders enabling construction of proposed border wall and targeting sanctuary cities]
The directives send “a shot across the bow of immigrant communities and those localities or states that are welcoming of immigrant communities,” said Cecillia Wang, deputy legal director at the American Civil Liberties Union.
“Certainly, I think the immediate purpose is to scare immigrant communities and to scare states and localities that have these so-called sanctuary policies, but I do think there's meat to this,” Wang said. “It's not an empty letter, and it's not an empty threat.”
Trump had promised on the campaign trail to crack down on illegal immigration, and his early actions make good on that vow. He also signed an order Wednesday attempting to spur construction of a proposed border wall between the United States and Mexico.
The Immigration and Nationality Act already allowed the federal government to deputize local officials to enforce immigration law through what are commonly referred to as 287(g) agreements. At one time, Wang said, dozens of jurisdictions had such arrangements with the federal government, though former president Barack Obama curtailed many of them.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement still has 36 agreements in 16 states, but they are all in jails, not with local or state police agencies, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement spokeswoman said. Jessica M. Vaughan, the director of policy studies and the Center for Immigration Studies, which advocates reduced immigration levels, said in 2008 there were more than 60 agreements, including three dozen involving work outside of jails. She said the agreements were a “great program” that at one point were responsible for nearly 20 percent of Immigration and Customs Enforcement criminal deportations.
Wang said the agreements gave local police basis to essentially racially profile those they encountered. A Department of Homeland Security Inspector General investigation in 2010 found that “Claims of civil rights violations have surfaced in connection with several [law enforcement agencies] participating in the program,” and advised Immigration and Customs Enforcement to consider civil rights factors when reaching agreements. Former Maricopa County, Ariz., sheriff Joe Arpaio, who now is facing a criminal contempt of court charge for allegedly defying court orders to stop detaining suspected undocumented immigrants without a legal basis, had used the program.
Trump's order, Wang said, would “unleash police agencies that want to get into the deportation business.”
Trump also on Wednesday ordered the return of the Secure Communities program, another controversial immigration enforcement mechanism that the Obama administration had dialed back. The program, which was administered from 2008 to 2014, checked the fingerprints of everyone taken into custody in the United States against immigration records, and immigration officials would then move for them to be detained and possibly deported.
Jeh Johnson, Obama's homeland security secretary, had watered the program down slightly, issuing a directive instructing officials to prioritize initiating deportation proceedings against those who posed a danger to public safety. Wang said the effect of that was limited, but Trump's undoing of it was troubling, and his order also seemed to increase the discretion of Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, ordering them to prioritize cases against even those who had not been charged with any crimes but had “committed acts that constitute a chargeable criminal offense.”
“It's basically just broadening again the untrammeled discretion of ICE agents to determine who they want to pursue for deportation purposes,” Wang said.
[D.C., other ‘sanctuary cities' defiant in the face of Trump's threats]
Trump also gave his homeland security secretary power to designate sanctuary jurisdictions, and he decreed that such jurisdictions should not receive federal grant money. D.C. officials warned that the nation's capital could lose millions — or even billions — in funding over the order, though it remains to be seen if and under what circumstances federal officials will actually act on it.
There is no uniform definition of a sanctuary city. Some places refuse detainer requests from Immigration and Customs Enforcement; others provide identification cards and driver's license to undocumented immigrants. Trump's order seemed to define such jurisdictions only as those that violate a federal law saying officials may not restrict government entities from sending or receiving information regarding a person's immigration status.
We've been talking about what Padrón would have in store for the company's 50th anniversary for seemingly two years, especially with a very subdued release list last year.
The booth looked pretty much identical to the way it has in years past and there wasn't much in the way of fanfare, balloons or music when you walked in. Yet everyone's attention was drawn squarely to the center of the booth and the incredibly gorgeous display of the company's 50th anniversary cigar.
The presentation of the Padrón 50th Anniversary “The Hammer” is jaw-dropping, to say the least and will certainly be a contender for our year end packaging awards. There will be 1,000 humidors produced, each with 50 cigars, all 6 1/2 x 52, that will be either natural or maduro based on what the retailer orders, so we won't know production numbers for some time. The final units will add a lock and key system and could likely have a different set of humidification instruments than what you see here, but you should get the gist. The units are expected to be in stores by December and while the final pricing has not been set yet, the company estimates each box to have an MSRP between $4,500 and $5,000.
Each unit is individually numbered, as are the individual cigars, and there were retailers asking for specific numbers while we were there. If you were looking for humidor #8, forget about it as it is staying with the company since Padrón was founded on Sept. 8, 1964. One additional note about the cigars—once the batch that comes with the humidor sells out, retailers will be able to refill them but the serial numbers on the cigars will change from red to black.
There is also the new Padrón Family Reserve No. 50, a 5 x 54 parejo that will be available in natural and maduro versions. It is priced at $250 for a box of 10 and will be on shelves in the coming months.
Padrón has also partnered with S.T. DuPont on a pair of lighters, one in celebration of the company's 50th anniversary and one that will be a regular production item. The 50th anniversary lighter is limited to 500 units and has an MSRP of $2,000. It is expected to be released by the endof the year.
The Padrón-branded S.T. DuPont Maxijet will be regularly available and comes with a protective pouch and an MSRP of $263.
Finally, there is a new S.T. DuPont ashtray being released as part of the anniversary celebration, also slated to be out by the end of the year. This was the only one on the show floor, and happened to be on display at S.T. DuPont's booth, who was also joining in the celebration.
Watch #Yorkstrike
Over 200 food service workers at York University are currently on an open-ended strike. These workers prepare and serve food and beverages to tens of thousands of York community members every single day. They are striking for dignity and respect, for decent wages and good working conditions, and against anti-Black racism and Islamophobia in the workplace.
On March 5 and 11, we invite you to Experience #YorkStrike Days—to see what the real York looks like, and how it treats a workforce that is mostly racialized workers, immigrant workers, and women workers.
Your support could make a real difference in getting York to do the right thing. Join us on the picket lines and help these workers win a fair deal.
To learn more about their struggle, watch the video on the right. Then watch this video and this video.
This page may contain affiliate links. Any commissions earned will help my website to remain free forever. (Full disclosure).
LCHF spinach and feta pie has many variations below, depending on how low carb you need to go. There are even variations with no base at all. Simple and quick, now what's not to love about that? Watch how easy it is to make then scroll to the bottom to see all the various options.
Low-Carb LCHF Spinach And Feta Pie
LCHF spinach and feta pie is so incredibly colourful, delicious, healthy and nutritious. What is even better, it is super easy to make.
While you are baking the pie crust, you can be preparing the pie filling. I have even made this without the crust if I am running out of time, or ground almonds.
LCHF Spinach And Feta Pie – full of low-carb goodness
All those leafy greens just make you feel healthy for eating something so colourful.
LCHF Spinach and feta pie is such a fabulous dish for the family dinner or cold at picnics and school lunches. Click To Tweet
I used to make spinach and feta parcels using filo pastry, so this is an easier and quicker alternative. The grain free pie crust is a good recipe to keep for future pies, quiches, or add some stevia and using for desserts.
LCHF spinach and feta pie keeps well and is not fragile, so it easily can be packed in school lunches (if nuts are not allowed, simply make it without the pie crust). It is also just as delicious hot or cold.
Other LCHF quiches –
4.03 from 37 votes Print LCHF Spinach And Feta Pie An absolute classic. You can adjust how many carbs there are in LCHF spinach and feta pie but making this recipe with or without a crust. Both are perfect for dinner tonight. Prep Time 20 minutes Cook Time 55 minutes Total Time 1 hour 15 minutes Servings 12 Calories 209 kcal Ingredients Grain Free Pie Crust 150 g almond meal/flour
1 egg
1 tbsp coconut flour
salt and pepper to taste Spinach and Feta Pie Filling 500 g spinach fresh or frozen (see notes below)
6 eggs - medium beaten
1/2 onion finely diced
250 g cream cheese full fat
250 g feta crumbled
huge handful fresh mint chopped
salt and pepper to taste Metric grams - US measurements Instructions Grain Free Pie Crust Mix all the ingredients together with a fork. Grease and line a 24cm/ 9.5 inch pie/flan dish. I used a loose bottom tin, but not essential. If you do use a loose bottom dish, place it in the oven on a baking tray, just in case any liquid spills out. Place the pie crust mixture onto the lined dish. Place a piece of baking paper on top and smooth out the pie crust with the back of your hand or a glass tumbler to fill the pie dish. Remove the top baking paper. By doing it this way, it saves you from rolling it out the pastry and cutting any excess off. Make holes all over the base with a fork. This will help the pie crust bake evenly and crispen. Bake at 180C/350F for 15 minutes. Remove from oven. Spinach and Feta Pie Filling Defrost the spinach and squeeze as much of the water out as you can. This is an important step, otherwise you will end up with a soggy pie. Place the spinach and all other ingredients in a large mixing bowl. Mix gently, but do leave some cream cheese and feta lumps. Pour onto the cooked pie crust. bake at 180C/350F for 40 minutes or until the centre is cooked. Recipe Notes Fresh Spinach - if using fresh spinach, remember to chop and wilt the spinach first before adding to the pie filling. You can either wilt the spinach in a frying pan for a few minutes whilst stirring, or in a microwaveable dish. Drain off any excess liquid. Nutrition Facts LCHF Spinach And Feta Pie Amount Per Serving (1 slice) Calories 209 Calories from Fat 144 % Daily Value* Total Fat 16g 25% Total Carbohydrates 4.2g 1% Dietary Fiber 2.2g 9% Sugars 0.6g Protein 10.6g 21% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
NOTES ::
This is such an adaptable recipe you can make it many ways, depending on what you are looking for and how many carbs you require.
Spinach and feta pie – grain free crust for a beautiful dinner, or cold for picnics and lunches
Spinach and feta parcels – this recipe using rice papers when carbs aren't so critical and you need a sturdy lunch for little hands to take to school
Spinach and feta pie – crustless – make the same mixture as the recipe on this page, but bake in a lined baking dish without the crust. Freezes well
Spinach and feta – wrapped in cabbage leaves – use the recipe on this page but instead of rice papers, for those who need to monitor their carbs even closer, use wilted cabbage leaves to wrap the filling and bake in an oiled baking dish. Turn over halfway through cooking.
Prosciutto wraps – yes, readers have told me they wrap this mixture in large prosciutto slices. This would be amazing.
It is inevitable in modern American politics that each new president inaugurates his own brand of bushwa - rubbish, lies, eyewash, whatever you choose to call it - that reminds one of nothing so much as the previous guy's bushwa. Mr. Obama is no exception. Consider:
Soon after taking office, Obama & Co. rebranded George Bush's “war on terror,'' choosing to call it instead “overseas contingency operations.'' There is a history here. In 2005, Bush's people tried to rename the WOT, suggesting instead the delightfully Rumsfeldian “global struggle against violent extremism'' (GSAVE!) or “the long war'' (nice movie title) when discussing, well, the war on terror.
Those never caught on, and there is no reason to believe the jaw-cracking “overseas contingency operations'' will either.
The White House knows that wars, of late, have been losing propositions. It is no accident that Obama's new drug czar (“Czar'' - so harsh! So Russian; perhaps the Club Med title “Gentle Organizer'' would work better here) told the Wall Street Journal that “he wants to banish the idea that the United States is fighting ‘a war on drugs.' ''
Of course, it's not like we are making peace with drugs either. Oh, never mind.
The Bush administration oversaw “bailouts'' of its fat cat friends on Wall Street. The people-friendly Obama administration continues to throw money at its bankrupt pals, but prefers to talk about “rescuing'' failed companies and the American economy. Neither phrase softens the blow to the taxpayers footing the bill, the Los Angeles Times noted sardonically: “We suggest they call the package an ‘iPod,' because everyone will pay for an iPod.''
With 10 percent unemployment creeping up, the Obama-ites better have their economic Newspeak ready. They do! As hundreds of thousands of Americans file new jobless claims each week, the administration brags about the vast numbers of jobs it has “created or saved.'' All administrations claim to create jobs, even in periods of high unemployment, but economists are marveling at Obama's new, bogus metric of jobs “saved.''
“The expression ‘create or save,' which has been used regularly by the President and his economic team, is an act of political genius,'' a not-exactly-admiring Harvard economist Greg Mankiw writes on his blog. “You can measure how many jobs are created between two points in time. But there is no way to measure how many jobs are saved.''
Yes, we can!
Everyone knows that healthcare reform will be a hard sell, so the administration has its neologisms at hand. The New York Times recently revealed that instead of “managed care,'' the Obama-ites will be pushing the coinage “evidence-based care.'' Likewise they plan to avoid the term “rationing,'' but alas no usable circumlocution has yet emerged for a system that aims to, well, ration healthcare.
I have a not-terribly-original idea. Why don't we call healthcare reform “iPhone''? Nobody objects to paying for an iPhone, and people are more than happy to wait in line to buy them. Like Canada's healthcare system, iPhones have a single service provider, AT&T. I'm phoning my congressman: Vote for the iPhone!
Remember signing statements? Those were the dastardly little postscripts George Bush attached to legislation that he didn't completely approve of. Signing statements ignore the “fundamental principle'' of the separation of powers, the American Bar Association huffed. On the campaign trail, candidate Obama was asked, “Do you promise not to use presidential [signing statements] to get your way?'' “Yes,'' he answered. “I taught the Constitution for 10 years, I believe in the Constitution, and I will obey the Constitution of the United States. We are not going to use signing statements as a way of doing an end run around Congress.''
That was easy!
Less easy is explaining away his six signing statements so far, an impressive one-a-month clip. “Signing statements serve a legitimate function in our system,'' Obama now says, “at least when based on well-founded constitutional objections.'' Mr. President, meet my friend George Orwell, inventor of Newspeak, who memorably wrote, “Political language has to consist largely of euphemism, question-begging and sheer cloudy vagueness.''
New bushwa same as the old bushwa? It's a lot less different than we had been led to believe.
Alex Beam is a Globe columnist. His e-dress is beam@globe.com.
© Copyright 2009 Globe Newspaper Company.
Dive Brief:
Berkshire Power Co. and two companies responsible for managing its plant in Agawam, Mass., have agreed to $8.5 million in fines, settling allegations the companies tampered with pollution monitoring equipment in violation of the Clean Air Act.
The agreements settle the first-ever criminal charges brought for making false statements to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, SNL Energy reported.
Tyler Amon, a special agent with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, called it a "deliberate scheme" by Berkshire Power Plant management and staff to misreport emissions data and gain a competitive advantage over other generators.
Dive Insight:
Settlements announced by United States Attorney Carmen Ortiz and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey are the first ever related to false statements to FERC, according to Ortiz, and are an indication of a continued focus on power markets and the potential for manipulation.
“This resolution addresses a pattern of behavior by multiple persons and entities in obstructing the enforcement of laws designed to protect the air we breathe,” Ortiz said in a statement. “The comprehensive resolution ... demonstrates the seriousness with which we take conduct which undermines environmental compliance and the fair regulation of energy markets.”
Berkshire Power Co. (BPC), which owns the Berkshire Power Plant, and plant manager Power Plant Management Services agreed to plead guilty to felony charges they violated and conspired to violate the federal Clean Air Act. Those charges arose from "air pollution monitoring equipment tampering and related false emissions reporting between 2009 and 2011," according to the attorneys' statement.
According to SNL, FERC's Office of Enforcement issued an order last October after a tip from the U.S. Attorney's Office for the District of Massachusetts after that office itself was notified after criminal investigators looking into the emissions scheme and uncovered potentia violations of the Federal Power Act.
PPMS also agreed to plead guilty to charges that it violated the FPA, "the first ever criminal charges under this statute, for making false statements to the regional power grid administrator, ISO-New England, regarding the Plant's availability to produce power."
BPC and PPMS will pay a total of $4.25 million related to the criminal charges: BPC will pay $2.75 million in criminal fines for the Clean Air Act violations and make a $750,000 community service payment to the American Lung Association. PPMS will pay $500,000 in criminal fines for the Clean Air Act and Federal Power Act violations and make a $250,000 community service payment.
Along with the plant's former operation and maintenance company, EthosEnergy Power Plant Services – formerly Wood Group Power Plant Services – the three companies will also pay over $4 million in civil penalties.
EthosEnergy agreed to resolve allegations that it violated sections of the Commonwealth's Public Health Law dealing with air pollution stemming from its employees' involvement with the air pollution monitoring equipment tampering at Berkshire Power Plant. Under the terms of a consent judgment, EthosEnergy will pay a $1.1 million civil penalty, and make a $200,000 payment to fund the installation of electric vehicle charging stations.
“Fraud against the commonwealth is very serious and will be aggressively prosecuted, criminally and civilly, by this office, especially when the consequence of the fraud is to expose the public to health and safety risks,” said Massachusetts AG Healey in a statement . “This type of conduct can not be tolerated.”
BPC and PPMS will also pay more than $3 million in interest to FERC in civil penalties and disgorgement, for misrepresenting to ISO-New England the plant's ability to generate power.
In this week's New Yorker, Tina Fey wrote an essay (subscription required) in which she muses on being a working mother, men in showbiz, and being labeled “crazy”:
I know older men in comedy who can barely feed and clean themselves, and they still work. The women, though, they're all “crazy.” I have a suspicion—and hear me out, because this is a rough one—that the definition of “crazy” in show business is a woman who keeps talking even after no one wants to fuck her anymore.
Ah, the “crazy” lady. We all know the type. The woman with graying hair and frenetic speech, who moves in short, sudden bursts, who eyes you intensely over the counter at Starbucks. The single woman who lives in the three-bedroom at the end of the street. The frumpy librarian. The recluse—if male, a hermit; if female, the Crazy Cat Lady.
But how real is the Cat Lady? Is she actually today's version of the shunned witch living in a cottage in the woods? That's how Fey seems to see it. But I'm not so convinced that Fey's assessment is how it always plays out. Look at Betty White. Nobody calls her crazy, but Fey says this is because “people still want to have sex with her.”
I beg to differ. Betty White is a cute, irreverent old lady. But nobody wants to have sex with her. Sorry, but the 89-year-old star of Hot in Cleveland isn't that kind of hot.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
Crazy is in the eye of the beholder. A woman can be “crazy” and yet incredibly sexy. “Crazy” may just be a casual way of saying “eccentric,” which is actually kind of distinguished. Hey, some of the most revered figures in history were notorious eccentrics. Fey, who was speaking of women in comedy, must surely realize that everybody in comedy is eccentric. That's how it works. It's kind of a good thing.
Fey, who writes for and stars in NBC's 30 Rock, has spent much of her post-SNL career tackling the issues surrounding single and working mothers. In Baby Mama, she played a lonely single woman who, after learning she is unable to conceive, pays another woman (fellow SNL alumna Amy Poehler) to be a surrogate. In 30 Rock, she plays Liz Lemon, who, while not a mother, is still very Tina Fey: a tired, worn-out working woman who's worried about being marginalized by society. It's hard to miss the fact that Liz Lemon is less an alter-ego and more a repository for Fey's brand of cultural commentary and self-deprecating wit.
I see what she is doing. The crazy-lady trope exists nonetheless. Sometimes, it is damaging, punitive, or cruel. And so Fey's goal is a good one:
It seems to me the fastest remedy for this “women are crazy” situation is for more women to become producers and hire diverse women of various ages.
Whether or not “crazy” is the product of men objectifying women, or whether it's just a bizarre cultural distinction, more women in leadership roles can only enrich this conversation. As 30 Rock shows, it lends an authentic voice to the female 40-and-over crowd.
For men, that means a more accurate look into the lives of our mothers, wives, teachers, landladies, and TV news anchors. Who wouldn't want that?
—Photo amatern/Flickr
Roderick King Collage.jpg
Roderick Derrell King
( )
A dropped cell phone at the scene of a crime helped lead authorities to a suspected killer who they say carried out a three-city spree in Jefferson County one week ago today and fatally shot a customer at Jack's in Pleasant Grove.
Witnesses to a violent holdup on Jan. 13 watched as the gunman, armed with an AK-47 type rifle, accidentally left behind clues that would help to catch him within a matter of hours, according to an affidavit made public in court records this week.
Responding officers at a robbery in Hueytown looked at the dropped cell phone, according to records, and saw on the locked screen a picture of a man they recognized and identified as 19-year-old Roderick Derrell King. They issued a lookout bulletin for King- who already was awaiting trial on a 2014-armed robbery case - and he was later captured by Birmingham police.
When King, of Dolomite, was taken into custody, police found a live 7.62 x 39 mm round in his back pocket, the same make, caliber and type of ammunition recovered from Jack's, where 21-year-old Ashton Blake Roberts was fatally shot in the chest while waiting in line to order food.
'This guy has zero remorse': Teen charged with capital murder, robbery after fast-food crime spree Roderick Derrell King, 19, is now held without bond in the shooting death of Ashton Blake Roberts and the robbery of a fast-food restaurant in Hueytown. He remains a suspect in Fairfield.
King is charged with capital murder in fatal shooting and robbery at Jack's and first-degree robbery in the armed holdup at Papa Murphy's in Hueytown. He also remains the lead suspect in a robbery at a fast-food restaurant in Fairfield as well.
His preliminary hearing is set for Monday, Jan. 25, at the courthouse in Bessemer.
Roberts was standing in line at Jack's that Wednesday night when police say King, brandishing a rifle, stormed the Park Road restaurant and ordered everyone inside to the floor. Roberts, it appears, froze and hesitated, and was shot in the chest.
King then turned the gun toward a teenage cashier and demanded money. He fled with an undetermined amount of cash. The entire robbery took about 90 seconds, and it was only about 11 seconds from the time King entered the restaurant until the time police say he shot Roberts.
"He decided to go out on an ultra-violent crime spree. It started in Fairfield, went through Hueytown and ended up in Pleasant Grove and it ruined some peoples' lives,'' Pleasant Grove Lt. Danny Reid said in a previous interview. "This guy has zero remorse. He doesn't care."
"After interviewing him, it is plain to me that he is an individual who values no one's life but his own and no dollar amount is too small for him to take that life,'' Reid said. "To me, it's worth staying up 36 hours and doing everything we can to put this menace, this monster in jail. It doesn't give this family their child back, but hopefully it gives them something."
Roberts was buried Tuesday in the Garden of Good Shepherd at Crestview Memorial Gardens in Adamsville.
Investigators say prior to the Jack's holdup, King first robbed the Burger King in Fairfield about 7:30 p.m. where he fired four or five rounds while inside the restaurant. A customer fired one shot at King before the suspect fled the restaurant. Fairfield police Chief Leon Davis said their investigation is ongoing, and King remains their prime suspect.
The holdup at the Papa Murphy's in Hueytown happened about 8 p.m. No shots were fired, and no one was injured.
From there King went to Jack's, police said. Roberts was shot at 8:40 p.m., and pronounced dead on the scene at 9 p.m.
Multiple agencies then launched a manhunt for the suspect. Reid said they were quickly able to identify King as the potential shooter, and knew what he was driving. They sent out a detailed lookout bulletin to surrounding police agencies, and Birmingham police then pulled over King when they spotted him and a friend driving near Legion Field.
Jefferson County Bessemer Cutoff Assistant District Attorney Bill Veitch said shortly after King's arrest that it was gratifying to know a killer is off the streets and held without bond. "I am very sad for the family of the young man shot and killed in Pleasant Grove,'' Veitch said. "This is happening to frequently. I wish I had an easy answer to the problem of young men robbing and killing others, but I don't."
Sony's Framework (flashable Zip):
Original RemotePlay 1.5.0 APK:
Sixaxis Controller App:
Mapping Profile for Sixaxis App:
Screenshots of original App:
Transparent Gamepad for full gaming Expirience
RemotePlay_1.5.0_eric9401_MOD_V2:
Changelog:
Proof Video:
Known Bugs:
In Progress/ Planned
Tested and working on following Devices:
Xposed Framework-----------------------------------------------------------------------------For non Sony-Users install this zip from your custom recovery. It contains Sony's Framework.(Please make a Backup before flashing. I'm not responsible for any damage to your phone. If you don't know how to use this files, read in xda forum and leave this page please.)Then install the original RemotePlay1.5.0 APK and use Rootcloak to hide SuperSU/Root Access. (Don't forget to enable Module and restarting your Device!)To play it with yor DS4 Controller you'll need Sixaxis Controller App and a mapping File.You can use the app via mobile Data, by simulating Wifi Connection with Fake Wifi Xposed Module in Xposed Framework also.If you disconnect, you'll have to terminate and reopen the remote play app to connect over mobile Data.------------------------------------------------------------------------------Follow the upper instructions.-Now download my base.apk file.-Open the following Folder with your desired File Manager (Attention! You need a File manager that is able to change permissions. I preffer ES File explorer): data/app/com.playstation.remoteplay1-Overwrite the base.apk with my modified Version.-Set the rights of base.apk to rw- r-- r---Now start the app and log in to your PSN Account again.-Get a cooled Beer from your Fridge!Play till there's no tomorrow!Original apk fully working with Touch-GamepadScreenshot:R1 Key & Triangle modified to transparent. Got the App to work with my modifications.Screenshot:Fully working with transparent Touch-Gamepad for use with Controllers.Screenshots:At the moment L3 and R3 are working through double press.When you use PS Button you need to close it again by typing the little x.To use Share and Option you need to hit PS-Button first. (the menue needs to open up)RemotePlay_1.5.0_eric9401_MOD_V3 with Native DS4 Controller Support. (In contanct with Dancingpixelstudios-Team)Google Nexus 7 (2013), Android 6.0.1 RomGoogle Nexus 10HTC Desire 820, Android 6.0.1HTC 10 (Sprint) Viper 10 3.1 Android 6.0.1 RomLG G3Nexus 6p on NougatNvidia Shield K1Samsung Galaxy S4 CM13Samsung Galaxy S5 running 5.0Samsung Galaxy S6 edge Note 7 port RomSamsung Galaxy S7 edge 6.0.1 TekHDSamsung Galaxy S7 edge (Sprint)Samsung Gaalaxy Note 3 at&tSamsung Galaxy Tab S running 5.1Sasmung Galaxy Tab S2 SM-T710 (Twrp Recovery & Neked-Nook-710-Xposed-Odexed Rom)Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 with Slim6 6.0.1Sasmung Galaxy Tab Pro 8.4 running CM13-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Thank you all for your help!Special thanks to kiosho for the needed original Files! (Old Version)Lucifer_90 for his mapping for DS4.
September 4, 2012
On Tuesday, Judge Oded Gershon of the Haifa District Court dismissed the civil lawsuit I brought on behalf of Rachel Corries family against the State of Israel for the unlawful killing of their daughter, an American peace activist and human rights defender who legally entered Gaza to live with Palestinian families in Rafah whose homes were threatened by demolition. While not surprising, the verdict is yet another example of impunity prevailing over accountability and fairness and it flies in the face of the fundamental principle of international humanitarian law  that in a time of war, military forces are obligated to take all measures to avoid harm to both civilians and their property. It is not the first time courts have denied victims of Israeli military actions the right to effective remedy. Just ask the many Palestinians who have faced a myriad of legal hurdles and fought for decades simply to have their day in court. Thousands of legitimate claims continue to be denied based on the controversial legal theory  which Judge Gershon adopted  that soldiers should be absolved of civil liability because they were engaged in military operational activities in a war zone. Rachels case is unique because she was the first foreign national to be killed while protesting Israeli occupation, though she was hardly the last. Tom Hurndall, a British peace activist, was shot in the head and killed by an Israeli sniper less than three weeks after Rachel was killed. And less than a month after that, James Miller, a British cameraman was also shot and killed by the IDF in Rafah. In reaching his decision in Rachels case, Judge Gershon accepted virtually all of the governments legal arguments and either ignored or distorted critical facts in order to reach his decision. For example, he concluded that Rafah was a closed military zone, as declared by the Israeli militarys southern command (never mind that no such order was presented in court, and the ground unit commander testified he was unaware of the areas designation as a closed zone). And that conclusion had implications. When the former Gaza Divisions Southern Brigade Commander Colonel Pinhas (Pinky) Zuaretz, who was in charge in 2003, testified, he confirmed that the rules of engagement at the time Rachel was killed were to "shoot to kill any adult person on the [Philadelphi] route." As another Israeli colonel who testified put it: "There are no civilians in a war zone." By accepting the testimony of Zuaretz and others, Judge Gershon essentially accepted that the "shoot to kill" order was acceptable, which violates the fundamental tenets of international humanitarian law, mandating that soldiers distinguish between combatants and civilians. We knew from the beginning that it would be an uphill battle to find truth and justice, but we are convinced that this verdict not only distorts the strong evidence presented in court, but also contradicts fundamental principles of international law with regard to protection of human rights defenders. In denying justice in Rachel Corries killing, this verdict is part of a systemic failure to hold the Israeli military accountable for continuing violations of basic human rights. As former U.S. President Jimmy Carter put it: "The courts decision confirms a climate of impunity, which facilitates Israeli human rights violations against Palestinian civilians in the Occupied Territory." The Corrie family has always stressed that the purpose of this lawsuit was larger than compensation for their loss. For them, it was about understanding exactly what happened to Rachel and exposing the injustices their daughter and her friends in the International Solidarity Movement stood against. They filed suit on advice of Lawrence Wilkerson, former Chief of Staff to U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell, who, on behalf of the State Department, told the family in 2004 that the United States did not consider the investigation into Rachels death to be "thorough, credible and transparent." The U.S. government has repeatedly reiterated its position regarding the failed investigation, and after nearly seven years of mounting evidence since the case was initially filed, it has become even clearer that the military conducted its investigation not to uncover the truth of what happened, but rather, to exonerate itself of any blame. In his decision, Judge Gershon concluded that because Rachel put herself in harms way, she is to be blamed for her own death. That conclusion puts at serious risk the lives of human rights defenders and it creates yet another dangerous precedent regarding the protection of civilians in war. Not surprisingly, the court avoided any analysis of international law obligations. The verdict ensures that the Israeli culture of impunity will continue unchecked. Rachel Corrie lost her life standing non-violently with those who have been subject to Israels systematic policy of destruction and demonization. Like the Freedom Riders in the United States who, during the civil rights movement, joined oppressed black communities in their struggle for equality, Rachel and her friends in the ISM presented a new challenge and model of non-violent activism, solidarity and resistance to the longest military occupation in modern history. In a country in which the judicial system has enabled the occupation for almost 50 years, I suppose its not surprising that the judicial system blamed the victim for her own death. Hussein Abu Hussein is a human rights lawyer and co-founder of the Arab Association for Human Rights. He represented the Corrie family in their case against the Israeli government and the Israeli Ministry of Defense.
Daily Mail columnist Sarah Vine resumed her weekly column for the newspaper on Wednesday after a three-week break – a break occasioned, it was rumoured, by the chaos in the professional life of her husband, the ex-justice secretary and former Conservative party leadership hopeful Michael Gove.
Vine's column last appeared in the Daily Mail on 29 June, days after her husband had played a key role in the referendum victory for the leave campaign. She told her readers that Gove responded to the news by exclaiming: “Gosh, I'd better get up.”
Vine's role came under scrutiny when an email to her husband was leaked in which she suggested that if he supported Boris Johnson, he should get something in writing about the role he would land in any Johnson cabinet – and that her boss, Mail editor-in-chief Paul Dacre, would support Gove in a leadership bid. On 1 July, the paper threw its weight behind the winner, Theresa May.
This week, it was as if the columnist had never been away, with only one oblique mention of life in the Vine/Gove household since Michael was relegated to the backbenches.
Instead, she led her page with her views on whether the proprietor of a seaside cafe in Suffolk was right to give a customer's child a “ticking-off” for being noisy when the parents refused to intervene. She went on to tell actor Thandie Newton that she didn't like a picture of her breastfeeding her son wearing nothing but “the smuggest, most self-satisfied Earth Mother expression”, passed comment on the size of Sir Philip Green's stomach, and commented on the tragic murder of Pakistan's social media star Qandeel Baloch, who was killed by her brother in a so-called “honour” killing.
She saved her views on the post-Brexit fallout for the foot of the column. Under the heading “PS: What really matters in life”, she wrote: “Last Thursday, the man of the house suddenly found himself the centre of attention. Standing on the brink of massive change, I couldn't help but be proud of the fact that he held his own throughout …”
But the columnist was not referring to her husband; instead, she went on to describe how their son, William, had played a character called Captain Deadeye in his end-of-year school play, Pirates of the Curry Bean. “Seeing my boy on stage, alongside his friends and teachers, was an immensely moving moment – and a salutary reminder that these are the things in life that truly matter,” she wrote.
Chair of Jehovah's Witnesses branch fined for distributing extremist literature
© flickr.com/Ian Crowther
11:30 25/01/2017
MOSCOW, January 25 (RAPSI, Diana Gutsul) – Chairman of the Jehovah's Witnesses branch in the town of Dzerzhinsk has been fined 4,000 rubles ($67) for keeping and distributing extremist literature banned in Russia, the Nizhny Novgorod Regional Court announced on its website on Tuesday.
According to case papers, local prosecutors during a field check at the organization's premises found two booklets declared extremist and added to the list of prohibited literature.
The booklets were seized by court.
Jehovah's Witnesses have had many legal problems in Russia.
On October 12, a court in the Jewish Autonomous Region ruled to ban a branch of “The Jehovah's Witnesses” in Birobidzhan because of distributing extremist literature by the organization.
On June 16, Russia's Supreme Court declared “The Jehovah's Witnesses of Stary Oskol” in the Belgorod Region an extremist organization and ruled to liquidate it.
On June 9, the Jehovah's Witnesses of Belgorod was banned as extremist organization.
In March 2015, a court in Tyumen fined the organization 50,000 rubles ($792) and seized prohibited literature.
In January 2014, a court in Kurgan ruled to ban the organization's booklets as extremist. The books talk about how to have a happy life, what you can hope for, how to develop good relations with God and what you should know about God and its meaning.
In late December 2013, the leader of the sect's group in Tobolsk, Siberia was charged with extremism and the prevention of a blood transfusion that nearly led to the death of a female member of the group.
In 2004, a court in Moscow dissolved and banned a Jehovah's Witnesses group on charges of recruiting children, encouraging believers to break from their families, inciting suicide and preventing believers from accepting medical assistance.
Jehovah's Witnesses is an international religious organization based in Brooklyn, New York. Since 2004 sever branches and chapters of the organization were banned and shut down in various regions of Russia.
Battle for Zendikar has yet to make an impact on Pauper. At common the set pushes on themes that are not commonly played in the format. Because of this cards from the latest set have a higher hurdle to clear in order to get their time on screen. In my opinion there is one card from Battle for Zendikar that should be getting some play. This card does not require a ton of setup and instead fits nicely into the current metagame.
That card is Ruin Processor.
Ruin Processor may appear as it does not belong. It is an expensive creature with a marginal ability. It is also a far less impressive offensive threat than its ancestor Ulamog's Crusher. However when examined critically it has a number of important attributes that make it an attractive option in Pauper.
First off Ruin Processor costs seven. While the jump to seven to eight is not a huge burden in the kinds of decks looking to cast expensive cards, seven is a magic number in Pauper. A natural Tron - Urza's Mine, Urza's Power Plant, and Urza's Tower - produces seven colorless manas. Ulamog's Crusher requires Tron and then some but Ruin Processor can come down on turn three full stops. It may not always being able to process a card on turn three. Even so, a 7/8 creature that early can stop many decks in their tracks.
Ruin Processor can also block beyond the first turn. One of the biggest knocks against Ulamog's Crusher is that is has to attack.
Sometimes you just want to block with a giant monster. Ruin Processor allows that. At the price a point of power and Annihilator it can play defense and shore up the ground.
And what a defender it is. Aside from its Eldrazi brethren, there is no commonly played creature in Pauper that can tussle with Ruin Processor one on one and win. Its size forces it to trade with either two burn spells or a creature and then some. Simply resolving one presents a chance at positive card economy due to the number of opposing resources required for a trade. Ruin Processor can take on a Gurmag Angler or Myr Enforcer and come out the other side. That alone makes it deserve some consideration.
As an Eldrazi, Ruin Processor is colorless. This is obvious but it is important in the current moment due to the nature of the Nivix Cyclops decks running around. Izzet Blitz decks are leaning more on Temur Battle Rage and Apostle's Blessing than on Artful Dodge and Distortion Strike. Apostle's Blessing can give protection from any color or from artifacts but importantly does nothing against colorless. The ability to gain five life coupled with a blocker for a large assailant is another feather in the cap of Ruin Processor.
The last thing I like about Ruin Processor is that even if it gets countered its cast trigger can resolve. Trading a Counterspell for a 7/8 feels bad. Getting five life out of the deal can help to soften the blow.
So the newest Eldrazi presents a number of positive features that makes it a reasonable inclusion in Pauper decks. Of course this is all presuming that you are going to have some way of exiling your opponent's cards. Thankfully incentives already exist to send cards to the removed from game zone.
First off Gurmag Angler is a heavily played card, so some players may be sending their own cards to the exile zone. Bojuka Bog and Relic of Progenitus already see heavy play both in main decks and sideboards so it is not unreasonable to see them supplementing a Ruin Processor deck. Journey to Nowhere is the go-to white removal spell and combos well with Ruin Processor. It gets even better when you can reuse an empty Journey to Nowhere with Kor Skyfisher.
Digging deeper these decks could also make use of Oblivion Ring, Unmake, Mesmeric Fiend, Faceless Butcher, Castigate, and many other spells often on the outside looking in. These cards all do a good job at buying time which is exactly what Ruin Processor needs to succeed. The goal is to last until Ruin Processor can hit the board and start to take over a game. As if it needed to be said I have been working on different Ruin Processor decks for the past few weeks.
My first attempt at making Ruin Processor work was in an Abzan shell. The idea here was that green provided the acceleration needed to hit seven manas while black and white gave the deck access to great value cards. The deck showed promise but stumbled against Mono-Black Control which had had an earlier endgame in Gray Merchant of Asphodel. MBC was also able to assemble more threats and this deck had blanks in cards like Sakura-Tribe Elder and Prophetic Prism.
The Journey to Nowhere - Ruin Processor interaction was fantastic. It was able to stop a threat on turn two and set the game up to go long. I also liked the Fierce Empath toolbox as it allowed for a diversity of large threats.
However for my next attempt at a Ruin Processor deck I focused on white cards. Building off of an Azorius Tron deck, I instead built a more traditional mana base and ended up here:
This deck taught me a lot. First, that Mystical Teachings and Journey to Nowhere are not best friends. It also enlightened me to both how good and bad Mortuary Mire is. Mortuary Mire is great in that it is a negligible investment to guarantee a draw on the next turn.
But do you ever cross your fingers hoping that whatever you put on top is enough to stop their next draw.
There were two pieces of technology in this deck I was very fond of. First is Artificer's Epiphany. So often when trying to build a deck, Jason (Sirichoke) and I were trying to find a good instant speed card advantage spell. Epiphany filled that role incredibly well while asking very little. Prophetic Prism already has a home here and Epiphany lets the deck continue to operate at instant speed. I also loved Essence Scatter over Exclude here. Currently the format is quite fast and the ability to trade two manas for a threat is, to me, better than trading three manas for a threat while replacing itself. Pauper is not at its grindiest moment so the extra card from Exclude is less valuable than the potential tempo gains from Essence Scatter.
Eventually I set this deck aside but not before attempting a non-Teachings version.
I also attempted a straight blue-black version of Teachings. Jason felt that just running Bojuka Bog was enough to activate Ruin Processor and it turns out he was right. Bog will almost exile at least one card which is all you need. Capsize lets you reuse key lands and Mesmeric Fiend takes the place of Journey to Nowhere.
After this I tried an Orzhov build. I did not play it much but it did have access to the most native exile effects. If I were going to spend more time on this deck I would absolutely try to include Squadron Hawks as another opportunity for early action.
The final build I tried was a Tron deck. I was fascinated by the idea of trying to go over the top of defenses with multiple costly threats. The insight gained from the Dimir version of the deck - that Bojuka Bog is enough - led me to eschew white in this build. Instead I went for the power of Fierce Empath and the incidental power of black cards.
While it only touches on black in the main, access to Chainer's Edict and Evincar's Justice in the sideboard gives the deck the ability to interact in games two and three. I also grew to appreciate the flexibility of both Ancient Stirrings and Crop Rotation. Part of me wonders if Scour from Existence makes sense as it can also be cast off natural Tron and is fetchable by Ancient Stirrings.
Pauper Leagues start this Wednesday and right now there is a very good chance I'll be casting Ruin Processor. Win or lose, I'm going to be enjoying myself.
Keep slingin' commons-
-Alex
SpikeBoyM on Magic Online
@nerdtothecore
My Facebook Page
Discuss Pauper on Twitter using #mtgpauper
— Asked by Anonymous
Hello! It's not a stupid question; it's perfectly reasonable. I personally am not really an anxious person, but I do a lot of reading on how to control one's emotions and thoughts and have been to therapy a few times, and so I know some things which help me when I am in an anxious funk. I recently have gotten into Eastern religions, and there are a lot of lessons in their philosophies that anxious people may find useful. I might sound kind of hippie-ish, so bear with me.
The main realization which helped me is that you are not your thoughts and emotions. You are like a mountain, and your thoughts and emotions are like clouds floating around you. This helped me especially with depression. Really, we should be viewing depression as we view the flu or cancer or other illnesses, ie: “I have depression,” not “I am a depressed person.” Once you realize that your self is separate from these aspects of the mind, you can be more free to liberate yourself. Many religions teach of the “ego” (different from Freud's ego) which is like a façade we present to the world; our true self is a drop in the ocean of cosmic oneness. The ego, not you, is the one with all the anxieties and fears and goals. An analogy is that the ego is like a character in a video game or movie, and we end up identifying too much with it, which is what brings us suffering.
The practical application of this concept is illustrated in meditation, because it helps you practice the concept of mindfulness (being fully in the present). Meditation helps you dissociate from your thoughts and emotions, which change so swiftly, and realize that you are the mountain, which is what remains. I highly recommend that everyone, especially people prone to depression and anxiety, practice it (here's a good PDF to start). When I was depressed, I realized that my low lows came from toxic trains of thought (this is probably true for many particularly thoughtful, introverted, introspective people). Once I realized this, I was better able to recognize these trains of thought and stop them before they took me to a bad place. For example, instead of imagining that my friend group was out doing something without me, I decided to stop that thought and focus on something else. Rationalization can work (I am an extremely rational person so I do this all the time), but it's still just more thoughts, so you have to think, “I have good friends and they wouldn't do that” and leave it at that.
Meditation is as simple as sitting quietly for ten minutes, focusing on your breathing in detail. The rhythm, the sensation, the sound, everything. Thoughts will come and pester you, but that's okay—just let them go. Forgive yourself every time you get distracted, and keep going. You are competing against no one. It's like learning to ride a bike—you will wobble quite a bit when you start, but you just have to straighten out every time. With practice, it will become second nature. I like to meditate before bed because I pass right out in the middle of it, but it's best to do it when you're not going to fall asleep. When meditation becomes a habit, the ability to focus and fend off unnecessary thoughts will seep into other areas of your life.
Now, we'll apply this specifically to body image and social anxiety. Much of body image anxiety, especially, comes from thoughts. You look at yourself in the mirror and notice some flaw, and then you think about it and become upset. There are two critical moments here: the perception of the feature as a flaw, and the thought that arises from this perception. First, you have to train yourself not to view features as flaws. More on this later. Second, pay attention to what you think: say you see some stretch marks, and then think that they're ugly. You have to immediately correct yourself and think, no they're not ugly, they're fine as they are and have no bearing on my self-worth. (Do this with friends too! Help them change their thoughts.) You might not believe it at first, but as with many things, you have to fake it until you make it.
Many of our perceptions of beauty come from the media and the people we surround ourselves with. You can't actually change the media or the people in question, but you can change your exposure to and interactions with them. There are two lessons to be learned here: one, there are many ways to be beautiful other than the one ideal presented by the media, and two, you do not have to be beautiful to be a valuable human being and it is not necessary to pursue beauty for its own sake.
The best way to deprogram your brain is to lower your consumption of ideas which promote a narrow ideal of beauty, and increase consumption of body positive messages, all while keeping a critical eye on every message you come across. I basically stopped reading fashion magazines, visiting the mall, and watching TV. Now, when I'm out of the house and I see a TV ad, it almost seems comical, as if it's an artifact from a fictional, dystopian world. Instead, I started reading feminist, body positive blogs, in which I see images of women of different sizes, shapes, ethnicities, etc. and talking to my friends (the guys as well as the girls) about these issues. I am lucky in that my friends are basically all people who think the same way I do and are willing to have intense discourses about these topics. The Internet is a great place to connect with like-minded people too, though.
Living in the real world of authentic human interactions and experiences, rather than the artificial simulacra-tastic world of the mall, popular media, and popular TV helps you keep your head on straight. When you're on a hike through the forest or sitting at home drinking tea and reading a book, it doesn't matter what you look like because you're focused in the experience (practicing mindfulness). When you're fully engaged in what you're doing, it's hard to find room to be anxious about what you look like. This goes for a lot of things: hanging out with close friends, writing a story or painting a picture, exploring the city, etc. Working out, especially, can be helpful because you get to focus on what your body can do, not what it looks like. Looking more fit is just one of many beneficial side effects, like having more energy, and being in a better mood due to endorphins. If you don't want to go to the gym, look up exercises you can do at home. When you're mindful, there's less room for anxiety and trains of thought which are about the past or the future, and not the present.
I don't think the mall/media/TV are all bad, of course, and I am holding them up as representatives of what I think is damaging in modern culture. The mall is a useful place to go when you need to buy something, but it's not a good place to just spend time, because you become inculcated with a certain mindset. Popular media can be enjoyable, in moderation, and of course, there are many quality TV shows to be seen. TV, however, can be enjoyed with Netflix, without having to sit through ads. The key is to avoid things which promote a narrow mindset, not just of beauty, but of the kind of life one has to live to be fulfilled.
Beauty by itself is a construct, easily illustrated by the many different standards of beauty demonstrated by human cultures over time. If it's so artificial, then how can it have any true value? After all, do you only like people who fit the popular standard of beauty? If you don't, then why should anyone else? You can do good and help people and contribute value to the world by being yourself, and finding inner peace and confidence will make you much more attractive—not in the narrow, “beauty” way—but as a person who exudes warmth and attracts people with their good spirits and radiance. Going back to what I said before, I think finding this sort of inner light is a glimpse at the “true self” which hides behind the ego, a spirit of goodness and compassion. (Incidentally, cultivating this inner peace will also make you feel less lonely, as you are more fulfilled in enriching yourself, and you will naturally attract the right people, and potentially a partner).
I'll end here, before this post becomes too much of a manifesto (it has already become a full-length five page essay oopses). All of what I said is hard work, to be sure. It takes a lot of practice. It's not easy. It'll be painful, and you'll have days when you feel like you've regressed. What's important is not that you're improving on a day-to-day basis, but more on a weekly or even biweekly basis. Numerous studies have shown that the brain is plastic (see: neuroplasticity), meaning it can be trained and rewired, especially when we're young. When you practice something over and over, the pathways in your brain become stronger. This is observable from an empirical, objective standpoint. You CAN rewire your brain how you want it to be. It's difficult, especially when you have damaging concepts to unlearn, but it can be done. The brain is amazing like that.
I love talking about this sort of stuff, so I'm glad you asked. It's mostly just what I've learned and what I tell myself, and I find that it helps. As a side note, I wrote a post on my personal blog a while back which is also somewhat relevant. In any case, hopefully this super long post and the abundance of links are helpful, and if you want clarification on anything, ask away.
Diabetes is serious stuff. So it's not surprising that the Canadian Diabetes Association (CDA) has called on the three parties in this election season to commit to fighting rising diabetes levels in Canada.
What is surprising is that their first instinct is to call on the three political leaders to commit to taxing sugar-sweetened beverages when the evidence is overwhelming that such taxes don't work in lowering obesity. In fact, a 2007 report by CDA doesn't even mention sugar as a main cause of higher diabetes rates in Canada. The main drivers, according to their 2007 report, are an aging population, lack of exercise, and genetic factors in the aboriginal and certain immigrant populations in Canada. Weight gain is a factor but obesity literature mainly blames diets low in fibre and high in dietary fats. At best, sugar is a contributing factor to a contributing factor.
The CDA could just as easily have advocated Canadians get more exercise and cut the number of calories they consume, but instead took the politically correct position to attack the food and drink industry.
If the CDA had done a bit of homework they would have noticed that soda consumption in Canada has already decreased drastically. Over the past 12 years soft drink consumption is down by 30 per cent. In its place, we're drinking lower calorie alternatives. And this trend is manifesting itself throughout North America without resorting to government action.
At best, sugar is a contributing factor to a contributing factor.
Yet Dr. Jan Hux, chief science officer for the diabetes association, is going around the country arguing that people who imbibe too much soda have a 25 per cent higher risk of developing diabetes without understanding that these consumers are the ones least swayed by higher taxes.
The CDA further argues that countries such as Mexico have changed consumer behaviour with their 2014, 10 per cent soda tax, as people drink more water and milk. But a recent study by RIWI, a technology survey company, has found otherwise. Not only have Mexicans not changed their drinking habits, especially among the poor, about 65 per cent are against fighting obesity with taxes. Here the average Mexican is right because nowhere in the world can it be shown that taxes have lowered rates of obesity or diabetes.
Complicating the picture further is the mystery of lower sugar consumption and rising weight. In the U.K., sugar consumption fell 16 per cent on a per capita basis from 1992. And between 1980 and 2003, obesity levels increased threefold in Australia while the consumption of refined sucrose fell 23 per cent. The same is happening in Canada. According to Stats Canada, consumption of added sugars in Canada has been declining over the past 20 years, mainly reflecting a decline in caloric soft drink consumption.
We're also told that we all pay for higher medical bills because we're getting fatter. But research here is quite clear in showing that those who carry extra weight also bear the cost both financially and socially.
Can taxes be justified on the basis of market failure? Some argue that because obesity is caused by increased calories and that food is bought and sold in the free market, this so-called negative effect justifies government action. In other words we live in a world where we don't know what's good for us. We're helpless in the face of the power of big food to manipulate our tastes. Add a dose of consumer irrationality and you have another excuse for government intervention.
All of this is nonsense, of course. Consumers are confronted with literally thousands of products on supermarket shelves with or without added sugars. If one decides to pick up a pack of full-calorie colas they do it knowing there are also healthy alternative beverages. If behaving irrationally were a measure of market failure, you'd be hard pressed to name any product where government action wasn't justified. Sugar is also accused of being addictive as it lights up the brain with a surge of dopamine. Then again, all pleasurable foods and experiences have the similar effects on our brain, even narcotics, but that hardly makes sugar a drug.
It is hard to convince pro-tax advocates that companies in a free competitive market are actually looking and investing to find out what we as consumers want and not the other way around.
No one wants to trivialize the drastic rise in Type 2 diabetes and illness and death that result. But the CDA has to explain why life expectancy has gone up 7 years for men and 4 years for women from 1980 to 2009 during the very years obesity has gone up the most in Canada. Even those who are marginally overweight tend to outlive those of normal weight. In a recent poll of doctors around the world, when asked the main cause of childhood obesity, 69 per cent blamed the parents and not our “obesogenic environment.” The popular belief that obesity is caused by a few bad foods, or one component of diet, is now dispelled by the American Society of Nutrition.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
If we've learned anything about obesity is that it's complicated business and a deeply personal struggle. We also know that taxes on pop and soft drinks aren't the answer because they have such a small effect on changing behaviour. If taxes aren't the answer why are they the first policy tool anti-obesity advocates reach for? The simple reason is they don't require much imagination and a villain is easy to find and blame. As Christopher Snowdon states in his report Sweet Truth, “such taxes …should be seen as stealth taxes, not health taxes.” Let's hope our political leaders get the message.
National Post
Patrick Luciani is co-author of XXL: Obesity and the Limits of Shame, published by the University of Toronto Press (2011).
Another 13 million of the calls that did manage to get into the system were "abandoned", with the callers getting tired of waiting to speak to an operator, the Audit of the Department of Human Service's "Smart Centre" system found. The statistics of Centrelink phone calls released by the Auditor-General's Office in May. Lengthy waits for Centrelink telephones to be answered is the number one complaint against the welfare agency, and the audit found the problem growing much worse. Average waiting times have blown out dramatically from just over 3 minutes and 5 seconds in 2010–2011 to nearly 17 minutes 2013–2014. The auditors blamed a dwindling number of public servants answering telephones, the "performance and reliability" of other customer service channels and a much lower proportion of calls being blocked before they entered the system.
The Auditor's reported that the "average" wait time that Centrelink reported to the government of nearly 17 minutes did not reflect the true experience of many customers, with 30 per cent waiting on hold for 30 minutes or more before their inquiry was answered. On the positive side, the Auditor-General's office acknowledged that the department was making progress in revamping its customer service and moving tens of millions of transactions each year online. But the auditors questioned why the giant department could not follow the lead of other government agencies, like the Tax Office, and give callers a more realistic idea of how long they might be waiting. "Of the 56.8 million calls made to Centrelink 1800 or 13 telephone numbers in 2013-14, 43.1 million calls were able to enter the network while 13.7 million calls were unable to enter the network, that is, the calls were blocked and the callers heard the 'busy' signal," the report says. "Of the 43 million calls in 2013-14 that were able to enter the network, around 45 per cent were answered by a service officer and around a quarter were resolved in the interactive voice response system."
But the audit office estimated the remaining 30 per cent, about 12.9 million phone calls, were simply abandoned. In its defence, Human Services said that it must work with the resources it is allocated and estimated it would need to hire 1000 new public servants, at an annual cost of $100 million, to bring average waiting times down to five minutes. But the auditors found the department's performance did not stack up well against that of other departments. "The current target does not provide a clear indication of the wait times Centrelink telephone customers can generally expect, due to the distribution of actual wait times around the 'average'. Centrelink customers also continue to experience high levels of call blocking and call abandonment, which can further impact on the customer experience," the report says. Community and Public Sector Union national secretary Nadine Flood said the report's findings showed job cuts amid rising demand had put pressure on staff and impacted services.
"This is what years of so-called efficiency dividends that cut jobs looks like – longer wait times for clients and more stress for the staff who are on the receiving end of frustrated clients waiting longer." Ms Flood said almost 5000 jobs had been slashed from the department's call centres and in-face service centres over five years, as staff answered roughly three million extra calls a year. "It's unacceptable and it's high time that the government and Human Services fund agencies like Centrelink properly to allow staff to do the job to the level the community expects."
PHUKET: Last year, rebounding Russian tourism contributed an estimated 30 billion baht (approximately US$848 million) to Phuket's economy, according to C9 Hotelworks‘ the latest report on the segment. One clear-cut metric of the attraction of Phuket for Russians is that 51 per cent of the country's travelers to Thailand now come here.
Total 2016 Russian passenger arrivals on international flights to Phuket were up by 51 per cent year-on-year. This is substantially higher than the growth of the total market of travelers from Russia to Thailand, which rose by 23 per cent in the same period. A major factor in the uplift was the crash of a Metrojet flight from Sharm El Sheikh to St Petersburg in October 2015. The event resulted in Russian tour operators suspending flights to Egypt and diverting customers to alternative holiday destinations such as Phuket.
Another factor that helped increase the overall number of outbound Russian tourists on a global basis has been the strengthening of the ruble, which began appreciating early last year due to rising oil prices. This leading indicator is expected to continue with the trend in Russia's improving political and economic relationships with their key trading partners.
Bricks-and-mortar travel agencies are currently the most influential distribution channel for airlines and
hotels, accounting for approximately 80 per cent of total Russian tourists. Families make up 65 per cent of total visitors, followed by couples, friends and solo travelers. These segments favor four-star hotels and increasingly use nontraditional accommodation. Russian tourists typically spend 5,520 baht per person per day, with an average length of stay (ALOS) of 10.5 days.
Frequent Individual Travelers (FITs) are a growing segment in Russia's outbound tourism, as
younger tourists are more focused on value for money and personalized trips. Despite tour operators resuming flights to Egypt in January this year, Phuket will continue to attract Russian tourists as it's an affordable destination with favorable brand sentiment.
You'll find a full copy of this latest C9 report, rich in statistics, tucked into your copy of the Phuket Gazette this Saturday, March 18.
. Or .
McCain may postpone convention
John McCain said the Republican National Convention may be postponed, after federal officials said Hurricane Gustav was gathering to a devastating Category 5 as it headed toward star-crossed New Orleans.
“It just wouldn't be appropriate to have a festive occasion while a near-tragedy or a terrible challenge is presented in the form of a natural disaster,” McCain told Chris Wallace of “Fox News Sunday” in an interview taped for Sunday. “So we're monitoring it from day to day and I'm saying a few prayers, too.”
Story Continued Below
McCain also said: “I'm afraid, Chris, that we may have to look at that situation and we'll try to monitor it. I've been talking to Govs. Jindal, Barbour, Riley. Chris, I've been talking to all of them.”
Officials at the convention, which is to open Monday in St. Paul, Minn., tell Politico they are figuring out how to handle the formal business of nominating McCain even if some delegations are not able to attend.
The officials also are preparing program contingencies in case speakers such as Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal have to cancel.
Maria Cino, the convention's president and chief executive officer, said in a statement to Politico: "Like all Americans, our prayers are with those who will be affected by Hurricane Gustav. We continue to closely monitor the movement of the storm and are considering necessary contingencies.
“We are in communication with the Gulf state governors to make sure the convention is taking all the appropriate steps as the hurricane progresses. The safety of our affected delegations is our first priority, and preparing for Gustav comes before anything else."
On Friday, Cino vowed on C-SPAN, in a quote picked up by the Drudge Report, that the gavel will come down.
President Bush, first lady Laura Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney are scheduled to speak Monday. The government's botched response to Hurricane Katrina still stings, and Republicans said they doubt the president would come to a political bash if New Orleans were facing a threat.
White House officials were considering a range of alternatives, including a Bush satellite appearance from the Gulf, according to Republican officials. They would not say what the other possibilities were.
Press Secretary Dana Perino told reporters on a conference call Saturday that the government is preparing for a devastating storm of historic proportions.
"We are making contingency plans should the president decide against traveling to Minnesota for the RNC convention," Perino said on the call.
New Orleans officials said they might begin a full evacuation Monday.
The gent's toilets in a sleepy Devon village have been closed indefinitely after they became a popular meeting place for gay sex.
Shocked parish councillors took the decision after a local was propositioned by a bearded man in his late 50s or 60s, wearing a white wedding dress.
The conveniences are being advertised on a seedy website, complete with directions and the best times to visit.
More than 10,000 people have viewed the listing, which also has a star rating.
But Newton Poppleford Parish Council has closed the male facilities until further notice.
The local resident who was propositioned by the man in the dress said he was horrified by the incident.
He told the Daily: “I intended to do some business in the village and I went in to use the gentlemen's public convenience which adjoins the car park.
“Imagine my shock and horror when I entered the toilet to find a bearded man, in his late 50s or early 60s, wearing a full white wedding dress.
“He invited me into the cubicle with him, and stated that the toilets in Newton Poppleford are a well-known gay haunt, advertised and promoted on a national website.
“I find this thoroughly abhorrent and reprehensible, since there is a school very close by, and children pass by there every day.
“The man wearing the white wedding dress did not seem at all concerned by my alarm at his presence, what he was wearing or what he was suggesting we do.”
David Atkins, clerk to the Parish Council, said the police had been informed and that the decision had been taken to immediately close the toilets.
He told the Daily: “We've had issues before but not like this. We've got a meeting next week when we'll decide what to do next but we felt the best move was to shut them for now.”
Mr Atkins said a key would be made available for the nearby church to use.
* Picture from Google Maps
A desperate video plea has just come in from an Avaaz member in Syria who has risked his life to call on us for help.
The Syrian regime is laying siege to whole cities, and is willing to annihilate them to crush the peaceful democracy movement. Security forces have cut off all food, water and medicine to these towns, shot hundreds of citizens, and detained and tortured thousands -- in many cases ripping out their fingernails before releasing them, as a warning to other protesters.
Despite this unimaginable terror, the Syrian people refuse to be silenced, and are committed to a non-violent path out of this nightmare. Donate to provide financial and other support to the Syrian movement -- for needs ranging from urgent medical help to communications support, to ads and public messages urging soldiers to refuse to shoot protestors. Watch the video appeal and donate above!
Acquia Podcast 57 rebroadcast + commentary - Kenny "webkenny" Silanskas passed away in late 2016. Kenny was a Drupalist, a colleague at Acquia, a musician, and a good, funny person who touched my life and the lives of many others. Godspeed, Kenny. We miss you and your huge laugh. Here, Robert Douglass and I listened to the podcast I recorded with Kenny in 2012, reminisced, and talked about the early years at Acquia and the origins of the DrupalCon Prenote. The second half of the podcast is my conversation with Kenny from 2012 and the audio version of his performance in the DrupalCon London Prenote in 2011.
Podcast 57 commentary and original audio
webkenny memories
DrupalCon London, 2011 Prenote
50 Ways to write a module
(parody of Paul Simon's 50 Ways to leave your lover, lyrics by Robert Douglass and Jeffrey A. "jam" McGuire) - Huge thanks to Radim Klaška for filing this back in the day.
"The problem's all inside your head," Dries said to me,
"The hooks are easy if you take it logically,
I'd like to help you in your struggle to be free,
There must be 50 ways to write a module."
He said, "It's fine to fins a file to include,"
Hopefully your server's RAM won't be abused,
But in that hook, the code looks somewhat crude,
There must be 50 ways to write a module,
50 ways to write a module."
Just push it to Git, Mitt
Write a new patch, Catch,
You don't need to deploy, Roy,
Just ask Angie.
Post in the queue, Stu,
You don't need to write code much,
Just sort on the key, Lee,
And learn PHP.
[Repeat Chorus]
Dries said, "It pleases me to see you used check_plain, But if I could only get you to test again." I said, "I appreciate that, but would you please explain About those 50 ways ... ?"
Dries said, "Why don't we both just hack throughout the night?
And I believe in the morning, you'll begin to see the light,"
And then he committed a patch and I knew that he was right,
There must be 50 ways to write a module,
50 ways to write a module.
Just push it to Git, Mitt,
Write a new patch, Catch,
You don't need to deploy, Roy,
Just ask Angie.
Post in the queue, Stu,
You don't need to write code much,
Just sort on the key, Lee,
And learn PHP.
[Repeat Chorus]
DrupalCon London, 2011 - Living, Breathing Drupal: The Biology of the Request
Original Acquia Podcast post, episode 57, 2012
Kenny Silanskas, Acquia's Tier 1 Team Manager, has a passion for getting Drupal right that rubs off on his team – Acquia's crew of frontline Client Advisers. They are in the happy position of being able to train client-developers in best practices, choosing and using the right Drupal modules, how to use the open source process, and more. Kenny says, "The Support Department gives Drupal sites the TLC they need." All of this results in happier and more successful Drupal users and a healthier Drupal project.
Supporting Acquia Support
Keeping his team happy and on track is quite a challenge, considering he himself describes a typical day in Support as "One large forest fire from dawn till dusk ... in any time zone ... We wake up on fire and go to bed on fire," Kenny laughs at this point, "and dream on fire ... But that's the job that we love and that's what we do."
"What we provide here is so different from consumer-level support, it's a step above that. There's a heavy level of involvement with our customers and a heavy commitment to them."
From partner to Acquian
After working for an Acquia partner and being laid off in 2009, Kenny got a call from a recruiter who said, "Hey, you're webkenny!" ... "Have you ever heard of Acquia?" :-) Nine interviews later, an Acquian was born!
"I learned large sites while I was here." Now Kenny is one of Acquia's go-to experts on site performance. Kenny's job lets him expand his technical knowledge and use his people skills to provide top-notch technical support. "Acquia has really grown my knowledge as well as my career." Being at Acquia has also allowed him to flourish as a presenter in the Drupal and technical communities, too. He gets to combine his stage skills with what he knows to create compelling teaching experiences and spread the word about Drupal.
A career from cold to hot
From being a ColdFusion developer, Kenny moved to PHP in 2007, and heard about Drupal in 2008. From there, he got a Drupal job and went to his first DrupalCon in Washington D.C. in 2009. By 2011, he was presenting his own sessions at Drupal events, including at DrupalCon London. He even appeared as a guest star in the opening session there.
What we didn't talk about
Kenny is an amazing singer and performer. I've included some excerpts of his London performance in this podcast ... listen right to the end for more!
Editor's Picks Maisel: LeGrand flub shows Rutgers' ineptitude Rutgers' miscommunication with favorite son Eric LeGrand put its ineptitude on display once again, Ivan Maisel writes.
NEW YORK -- Eric LeGrand will speak at Rutgers' commencement later this month after all.
That's according to university president Robert Barchi, who issued a statement Tuesday afternoon.
"Eric LeGrand will speak at our commencement and personally receive his degree from me as a representative of the Class of 2014," the statement read.
The university's comments came after LeGrand, a former Rutgers defensive tackle who was paralyzed in a game in 2010, tweeted on Monday night that Rutgers had rescinded its offer for him to speak at the May 18 ceremony.
Rutgers offered me the commencement speech this weekend and I was going to accept but they decided to go other ways for political reasons - Eric LeGrand (@EricLeGrand52) May 6, 2014
LeGrand told the Asbury Park Press on Monday night that he was offered to speak at the commencement by Gregory Jackson, chief of staff for Barchi, but didn't hear back from top Rutgers officials until after they'd announced that former New Jersey governor Tom Kean would replace initial invitee Condoleezza Rice.
"It was never our intention that Eric would be the only speaker," Barchi said in the statement. "We have resolved that miscommunication and are delighted to have him participate."
LeGrand told Darren Rovell of ESPN.com later Tuesday that he was pleased with the outcome.
"I'm very happy that I will get to speak to the students," LeGrand said. "I just hate that it had to go down this way and just wish everyone was on the same page.
Panama City - A man is in critical condition after shooting himself in the head five or six times at a Panama City gun range.
The Bay County sheriff's office says the shooting was self-inflicted but doesn't know yet if it was accidental or on purpose.
The man walked into Jays Guns and Accessories on Highway 390 near the old airport to use the range just before one o clock. First responders got the call half an hour later that someone had been shot multiple times in the head.
Paramedic's rushed the man to Bay Medical.
Jays Guns and Accessories is divided into a gun shop and a shooting range. Major Tommy Ford of the Bay County Sheriff's Department told NewsChannel 7 no one was in the range with the man at the time.
"The employee of the shop was watching from the shop side separated by the wall. There were no other customers in the store and no other subjects shooting in the range area at the time."
Authorities haven't released much information about the man yet, but we do know he is in his mid twenties and carried an out-of-state driver's license.
… If you haven't already, you simply must listen to the Carly Rae Jepsen album ‘EMOTION'. Do it. Do it NOW!
*
Carly Rae is a curious beast indeed. Whilst many uninformed outside observers may be tempted to take her sugary, ‘butter wouldn't melt', fairy princess popstar persona at face value, I believe there is much more depth to young Carly than simply what you see on the surface. For starters, she isn't young at all. She's actually 31.
In my mind Carly occupies a similar space to renowned Swedish singer Robyn. Probably now best known for ‘Dancing On My Own', thanks to an awful UK talent show cover version performed by some depressive whiny moany Scottish man, Robyn has long been occupying a niche of popstar does “crazy girl”. Robyn is the girl who seems completely normal until you break up with her, and then she can't help but do some weird shit. Perhaps she'll stalk you in the train station, or sit in the corner of a club all alone, so she can watch you getting intimate with your new beau. She might urge you to ‘Call Your Girlfriend‘ and break up with her, because Robyn knows that you and her make a much better couple. However, she's thoughtful with it, even going as far as to instruct the guy on how to console the girl! She knows she's crazy (‘You can't handle me' / ‘You never were and you never will be mine') but she simply doesn't care. All she wants is for you to ‘Hang With Me‘. The clever thing about this narrative is that it runs through all of Robyn's work. Whether or not it is authentic matters not, because her artistry and attention to detail is simply stunning. It is impossible to untangle the real person Robyn, from the crazy pop songstress Robyn who we have all come to know and love despite, or perhaps because of, her craziness.
I have read articles that criticise Carly for not having any popstar persona. For essentially being a bit of a personality vacuum, with indistinctive vocals to match. I simply refute these claims as absolute tosh. I believe that, like Robyn, Carly also weaves an extremely carefully crafted narrative through all her work. For evidence of this I will first need to discuss some of Carly's previous work, before going on to discuss the amazing album ‘EMOTION' which you should all buy.
Carly hit the scene with mega unstoppable smash hit ‘Call Me Maybe‘. In this song, she has literally just glimpsed a guy out of the corner of her eyes, and immediately she wants to start a relationship. She's the one girl who thinks Tinder is for finding your next husband. Her next solo single was ‘This Kiss‘. ‘This Kiss' sounds so instantly shimmery and glittery that it's easy to miss the fact that it's actually a song about cheating. It's literally all there in the lyrics, if only you could hear past Carly's syrupy vocals. (‘And she's a real sweet girl / And you know I got a boy / Details we both forgot to mention'). Carly's 6 months on from ‘Call Me Maybe' and already she's cheating on the guy she was so into.
Next single? ‘Tonight I'm Getting Over You‘. The telling lyric here is ‘I'll keep dancing till the morning with somebody new'. Carly isn't over the breakdown of the relationship at all. Despite the fact that its demise was all her fault, she decides the best way to get over the guy she fell in love with at first sight 6 months ago, is to throw herself at some strangers. She doesn't care who she dances with, as long as she dances with somebody.
In other words, Carly's first album campaign was fucking genius. In three singles she's managed to guide us through the entire cycle of a relationship, to the point where she's likely as much of a mess as Robyn is in ‘Dacning On My Own'. But what makes these songs so Carly? The linking feature of all three songs has to be Carly's crazy behaviour in each scenario. This is an idea that Carly runs with. Having given you this background, I now feel confident we will be able to observe and decode the continuation of this narrative in her most recent full-length studio album, 2015's ‘Emotion'.
First single: I Really Like You
I still don't rate this song, not ‘really' (excuse the pun). However, it is important to note that for the casual observer, ‘I Really Like You' would actually be the first they've heard from Carly since breakthrough ‘Call Me Maybe'. Certainly from a UK perspective, I'm not sure ‘This Kiss' or ‘Tonight I'm Getting Over You' even made it onto UK radio, and even if they did I don't think the casual listener would remember them. Therefore, ‘Really' is a continuation of the storyline arc of ‘Call Me Maybe' Carly. Viewed under this lens the song makes perfect sense. It is the ideal sequel to ‘Call Me Maybe'. It's the next stage of the relationship. Having given her number to that hot guy, she's seemingly now in some sort of ‘relationship' with him. How do we know this? ‘Late night watching television' says it all. Carly is trying, her absolute best, to refrain from going into crazy mode. After going through the whole dating cycle last album campaign, Carly is wary of things happening too soon. Carly has a rare moment of clarity. ‘I really want to stop…. It's way too soon, I know this isn't love'… but this is Carly Rae Jepsen we're talking about. She can't help herself! ‘But I need to tell you something' and with that, out come all those ‘reallys' like a bad case of the shits. Carly does show signs of being older and wiser, not to mention more self-aware, this time around; ‘Did I say too much? I'm so in my head'. The breakdown however shows us that actually, Carly hasn't changed one bit. She's just as crazy as she was last time. ‘Who gave you eyes like that, said you could keep them?' utters Carly, in that trademark syrupy rasp. This definitely sounds like a lyric that is straight out of a Robyn song. The summation? That Carly is still the same crazy girl we know from before, equally likely to jump on top of you and lick your face as take you to Las Vegas to get married on a whim.
Second single: Run Away With Me
First things first, ‘Run Away With Me' is much more representative of ‘EMOTION' as a body of work. The sax intro soon gives way to gentle, soothing synth sounds, a mainstay of the album. Like in the first album campaign, there is definitely progression of a narrative as we work our way through the singles. Here, Carly finds herself clearly further along the timeline of a relationship. She's definitely met all his friends and family by now. In ‘Really' Carly and her beau were stealing odd moments here and there to spend with each other, such as the late night when she went round to his place to watch TV with him, but certainly they were not spending large amounts of time together. Things have evolved so that Carly, previously wary of telling the guy that she ‘really' liked him, is now confident enough to shower her lover with affections such as ‘Hold onto me / I'll never want to let you go'. Carly and her beau have planned a romantic weekend away somewhere. However, once again crazy Carly bubbles to the surface. Whilst the guy doubtless thinks it's just a weekend away, that they'll be back home and ready to work on Monday morning, Carly clearly has different ideas. Carly wants to never come back, probably so that she can have the guy all to herself. Carly doesn't like having to share the guy with his friends and family. Whilst she does urge her lover to confide in her, the silence from him implies that this is vert much a one-sided affair. Starting to feel familiar?
Not an official single but has a video on YouTube: Boy Problems
‘Boy Problems' starts with an INCREDIBLE spoken word segment. This song is about Carly's friend, who Carly obviously rings on the regular. You just know that Carly drinks gin by herself and then calls this particular friend at 3am in the morning when she's feeling disaffected with the world and has nobody else to turn to. Yep, Carly is that kind of friend. Anyway, Carly's friend is ‘so tired of hearing all your boy problems'. As in ‘Really', a more mature, sensible Carly tries to assess the situation fairly (‘And I know she's right / And I should not be offended'). Yet Carly just can't stop herself from singing about her boy problems. Worryingly, Carly doesn't even seem to know what the situation is herself, ‘I think I broke up with my boyfriend today and I don't really care'. However, do NOT be fooled by the blasé lyrics. This is all a front. This is all for show. Carly is hurting deep down inside and she's probably already hit the bottle again. Indeed, when Carly muses whether to choose the guy or her friend, it is seemingly a nobrainer. BROS BEFORE HOES and CHICKS BEFORE DICKS, am I right?! Yet she shockingly decides to side with the guy. The very same guy she keeps having ‘Boy Problems' with. Then again, this is Carly we're talking about. We shouldn't be surprised that Carly sides with the guy. I have a funny feeling about this, like an impending sense of doom.
(As an aside, ‘Boy Problems' is incredible. The melodies in Boy Problems are fabulous. Try singing along for yourself and you'll see what I mean). A rock-solid pop-gold 10/10 moment.
Third (Official) Single: Your Type
‘Boy Problems' found Carly wrestling with issues with her fellow but refusing to acknowledge them and instead hoping to ignore them away into obscurity. However, things have most definitely moved on by the time we meet Carly in ‘Your Type'. She's finally dumped the guy. However, as with ‘Tonight I'm Getting Over You' in the last album campaign, Carly is definitely not over the guy. Carly has matured and so this time, she's going to stay friends with her ex. Oh, Carly! Surely a recipe for disaster with your disastrous track record. An exploration of the lyrics paints Carly as slightly tragic, desperately pining after her ex. ‘I still love you I'm sorry I'm sorry I love you / I didn't mean to say what I said'. She admits she has a problem; ‘I miss you, I mean it, I tried not to feel it, I can't get you out of my head'. Sadly for Carly, her ex has already moved on, and she can't help but picture her ex with his new beau (like Robyn!) ‘I bet she acts so perfectly / You probably eat up every word she says'. When Carly says ‘I'm not the type of girl for you?' heartbreakingly, it is actually a question rather than a statement. Poor old Carly can't accept that she made the wrong choice. What she does so expertly throughout ‘EMOTION' is manage to convey deep feelings and dark times through the medium of bouncy pop songs, and this is certainly the case on ‘Your Type'. If you weren't paying attention to the lyrics, you would likely have no idea at how much despair Carly is suffering.
Album track: When I Needed You
‘When I Needed You' is typical Carly; that is to say it is delivered in the medium of an over-the-top cheery pop song, with added bells on for good measure. Of course, it doesn't take long for crazy Carly to come to the fore in ‘When I Needed You'. At first glance the song is perhaps a celebration of the previously discussed break up. However, Carly wants to change for her guy. She has accepted that she wasn't his type, and so states that ‘Sometimes I wish that I could change / But not for me, for you / So that we could be together, forever'. Although Carly acknowledges that this is not the correct path, ‘I know / I know that I won't change for you', it doesn't seem in any way at all convincing. Perhaps it's the repetition of the ‘I know', implying that actually Carly isn't 100% sure. Indeed, I'm not sure that she's sure about anything on ‘EMOTION'. The narrative of the album to me is very much someone still struggles to find their personal identity. Someone who jumps from one relationship to another, not learning from their mistakes, and ultimately by the end of the tale, neither with a happy ending nor having discovered oneself.
One of the most fun moments of the album comes in the breakdown, when Carly adopts a hilarious voice and says that “You come to me at dreams in night”. If you're still dreaming about him Carly, chances are you're not over him. Indeed, she has to tell herself a staggering 4 times (!!) that ‘I'm not going to work it out'. Carly is still clinging on to hope beyond hope, despite all the evidence pointing that the guy is no good for her, probably never really really liked her, he didn't want to run away with her, he caused problems between her and her best friend, and then declared that she wasn't his type. Sounds like you got yourself a real keeper there, Carly!
Album track: I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance
‘I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance' is the rightful sequel of ‘Tonight I'm Getting Over You'. Both songs are about hitting the dancefloor in times of desperation. ‘I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance' is wrapped up in the sound of a 90s piano house banger with clear disco influences, and it is surely a gay anthem in the making, sounding as it does like Kylie on poppers. The most important lyrical feature of this song is when Carly states ‘I didn't just come here to dance / If you know what I mean / Do you know what I mean?' We all know what you mean Carly, no meaningful wink or nudge needed. You're on the pull in an attempt to get over the guy who said you weren't his type. But crazy Carly is always lurking, even on an all out hands up banger like this. ‘Baby I / I'm not going anywhere without you / Walk me home cos I like every single thing about you'. Carly is starting the whole cycle off yet AGAIN. This woman is relentless! You'd think she'd learn from her previous mistakes in ‘Call Me Maybe' and ‘Really' but apparently not. In this way, ‘I Didn't Just Come Here To Dance' makes complete sense as the album closer for ‘EMOTION'. It also marks the perfect place to leave Carly for the time being.
Whilst it seems far-fetched that Carly can base her entire career out of rinse-repeating the same themes in her music, there's absolutely no doubt to me that she has expertly crafted and honed her ‘crazy Carly' persona. This is storytelling for a generation who have an attention span of flies, 10 second SnapChats and 140 characters being the order of the day. Who still buys albums these days, let alone consume them as they were intended to be consumed? Streaming has put paid to that. Nonetheless, it is rewarding and enjoyable to scratch deeper than the veneer of ‘perfect pop princess' which may often – unfairly – be applied to Carly Rae Jepsen and discuss the artistic merit which lays underneath. Certainly, any artist who records over 200 songs for an album, and deliberates for years over which ones to include, deserves some serious plaudits and not to be discarded in the manufactured pop trash heap (along with The Cheeky Girls). This is intelligent pop. This is moody pop. This is emotive pop. This is ‘EMOTION'. I guarantee if you invest time in ‘EMOTION' it will be repaid to you. It will enhance your life. For the good.
And that is the magic of Carly Rae.
Total Film sat down with Willem Dafoe this week to discuss his new videogame Beyond: Two Souls , and we couldn't resist asking him what he thought of last year's The Amazing Spider-Man .
Though we discovered he's not seen the Andrew Garfield-starring reboot, he definitely has an opinion on it.
“I saw a trailer for the first Spider-Man reboot and I thought, ‘This is crazy! It's not shot for shot, but it's the same story,'” Dafoe told us. “I thought, ‘This is sort of a cynical approach to making money!'”
As if you needed reminding, Dafoe played Norman Osborn aka the Green Goblin in all three of Sam Raimi's original Spider-Man films.
Though he was killed off in part one, his ghostly visage haunted James Franco for two further films, and Dafoe's terrifying incarnation of Osborn really is the thing of nightmares.
“I like Spider-Man , the first one that I was involved in, because although you can argue all sorts of things, from my perspective it was very pure,” Dafoe says.
“It really was. The way Sam Raimi approached it, it was pure in its intentions and I think he captured, particularly, Tobey [ Maguire ] at that particular moment.
“This real, genuine innocence; it wasn't indicated. Then after that it became more difficult because it's hard to achieve that when it's gotten some kind of attention and a certain level of success!”
Dafoe's not in a hurry to watch any of the Spider-Man reboots, either. “Not so much,” he says, diplomatically adding: “The older I get, I don't have the time to do everything that I want to do.”
As to Chris Cooper playing Osborn in Marc Webb's films, Dafoe can take it or leave. “You know, in the theatre, people play the same role all the time. I don't know anything about it, really,” he says.
Beyond: Two Souls is released on PlayStation 3 on 11 October 2013.
Four ingredients. That's all you'll ever find in every five-ounce bottle of Adoboloco hot sauce. Kosher apple cider vinegar. Hawaiian sea salt. Garlic. And one of several organic pepper varieties—habañero, ghost, jalapeño and Hawaiian chili pepper, among them—Tim Parsons procures locally or grows on his small Kihei farm.
No xanthan gum here. (Take that, Tapatio and Sriracha.) No extraneous ingredients, either, unless Parsons is making Adoboloco's Pineapple Habañero hot sauce. (He'll add Maui Gold pineapple to that one.) The creative process has been all-natural, all farm-to-bottle for the hot-sauce creator and his homegrown hot-sauce business ever since Adoboloco's founding in 2011, generating instant heat with Hawaii foodies fond of spicy sauces and artisanal local product. And it all started with two of Parsons' loves: his children and a lifelong hankering for chicken adobo.
Around the perennially sunny, southwest Maui beach community of Kihei, Parsons is known as the hot-sauce guy. He's hard to miss, too. Six-foot-plus tall, his head completely shaved, Parsons typically sports one of Adoboloco's bright, eye-catching T-shirts, which match the colors of his hot-sauce labels. One of the shirts reads, simply, “Aloha.” Another is emblazoned with the word “Hamajang”—the name of one of Adboboloco's sauces and a Hawaii slang word meaning “messed up.” A favorite design simply proclaims “Bacak,” mimicking the squawk of a chicken.
The Parson peper ohana from left to right:
Harrison, Summer, Tim, Scarlet and Xander
in their Kihei backyard pepper garden.
Photo: Sue Hudelson.
Parsons never imagined he'd wind up an artisanal condiment creator, and for decades he wasn't. For 20 years, he was a graphic designer, spending half of his time in Bend, Ore., the other half in Hawaii. On the side, he kept an online blog called Adoboloco, curating his favorite chicken adobo recipes. He even tried bottling a sauce for quick adobo meals, but couldn't perfect the formula. Soon after moving the Parsons clan—wife, Summer, and three children, Xander, 17, Harrison, 14, and Scarlet, 11—permanently to his family's Kihei home in 2010, however, he finally stumbled upon a more successful, if not exactly adobo-related, saucy diversion.
As part of their homeschooling led by Tim and Summer, the Parsons kids planted jalapeños for science class. Inspired by the handfuls of handsome peppers that eventually sprouted, Parsons revisited homebrew pepper concoctions and, this time, achieved flavor fireworks. When the Parsons began picking, drying, grinding and bottling the peppers for family dinners and barbecues, friends and friends of friends would ask for a bottle or two of their own.
“I then tested it out at a swap meet. And it sold!” says Parsons. Adobo-loving Tim Parsons was now officially hot stuff.
A visit to the Parsons' Kihei spread offers a little bit of everything bucolic: a charming, country home, a humble pepper farm, a bustling agricultural classroom and a hot sauce storehouse. When I meet up with Parsons early one morning, before the sun's rays begin beating down, his dog is napping and his 40-odd bacak-ing chickens dart between five grow beds built from recycled wood and metal doors. Ruffled by tradewinds, more than 150 Hawaiian chili-pepper plants currently sway in the beds. The plants produce bright-red, one- to two-inch peppers year round.
In between school, homework and life in general, the Parsons Five are the sole growing and production staff for Adoboloco. Every family member has a job. Each Tuesday, Scarlet picks the ripened peppers. Harrison and Summer are in charge of online orders. Xander labels the hot-sauce bottles. And Tim? Well, he's the hot-sauce guy, of course.
For Adoboloco's popular Hamajang sauce, Parsons roasts ghost peppers—rated by Guinness World Records as the world's hottest chili pepper—over kiawe wood in an outdoor brick oven he crafted, giving the finished sauce a luscious smokiness. Partnerships with farmers in Upcountry Maui's Kula and Haiku areas and Hana in East Maui produce jalapeños and habañeros for Adoboloco.
Scarlet Parsons picks a peck of peppers.
Photo: Sue Hudelson.
“The kids are learning everything—basic business skills, organization, initiative, math [and] science,” says Parsons. “It's life school.” Even the family dog has a job, scaring away the sparrows that swoop in to gobble the tiny peppers. (The dog was apparently off the clock during my visit.)
Every other week, Tim and two other members of the Parsons ohana take turns cooking Adoboloco's hot sauces in their rented commercial kitchen in Kula. There, they transform thousands of peppers into more than 600 bottles of hot sauce in about five hours. The work is a hot process. Literally.
“I wear a respirator when I grind the peppers,” says Parsons. The cooks du jour then add the vinegar, sea salt and garlic. The bottles are brought back to the homestead for labeling and packaging. “Our living room has turned into a warehouse.”
Crafted sublimely and used subtly, the best hot sauces enhance and coax great flavor from food. Count Adoboloco's collection of sauces among these. Parsons' hot-sauce recipes are all about highlighting the natural flavor profiles of individual peppers, not masking the flavor of the food they are used on. Adoboloco's Bangkok hot sauce, infused with Thai peppers, has a light, natural lime flavor. Its Maui No Ka Oi (Maui is the Best) sauce, made with fearsomely named Trinidad Moruga Scorpion pepper, offers a light sweetness with its tear jerking heat.
“It's like estate wine, where you know the grape,” Parsons says. “That's how our sauces are: They taste like jalapeño, like ghost peppers, like Hawaiian chili peppers.”
Bursting with vinegary, garlicky heat, Adoboloco's sauces are also impressively versatile, pairing well with everything from hot-sauce staples like burritos and chili, to cocktail mixes and marinades. And for the hot-sauce averse?
Two of Adoboloco's hot-sauce flavors, Hawaiian and Hamajang. Photo: Sue Hudelson.
“You start building a tolerance,” Parsons assures me, when I confess to possessing weak taste buds. As his tolerance for heat has increased so has that of his kids, who are now the company taste testers. True Adoboloco fans, they use the family hot sauces at every meal.
Not quite there yet, I vow to make a turkey sandwich with a bit of Adoboloco Jalapeño sauce first chance I get. Baby steps, Tim. Baby steps.
This feature was originally published in the November/December 2014 issue of HAWAII Magazine.
April is a beastly month for new television, across almost every network.
Start, simply, with HBO's returning series, like Veep (April 16), The Leftovers (April 16), and Silicon Valley (April 23). Or with some other major returning crime — or crime-adjacent — dramas, like Better Call Saul (April 10), Fargo (April 19), and Bosch (April 21).
Beyond those, there are plenty more major returning series, including some with more of a “cult favorite” bent, like iZombie (April 4), Archer (April 5), and Doctor Who (April 15). And if you're a reality fan, it took forever, but perpetual Emmy nominee/winner The Amazing Race is (finally) back April 21. Remarkably, I haven't listed every critically acclaimed series returning in April, because we could be here all day.
But wait.
There's still more.
Mystery Science Theater 3000 airs its first new season of episodes in almost 20 years on April 14. Prison Break returns after nearly 10 years on April 4. The Get Down returns after, uh, a few months to finish out its first season on April 7.
That has to be it, right?
Wrong.
There are so many debuts, too, and they're all for shows you should be at least vaguely excited about. Like Hulu's The Handmaid's Tale, which is so good I'm having trouble thinking about anything else (it drops April 26). And lots of people are eagerly anticipating Starz's adaptation of Neil Gaiman's novel American Gods (April 30). Hey, maybe you're fascinated by Playboy founder Hugh Hefner? Amazon is releasing a 13-part documentary about him, American Playboy, on April 13. And AMC has an adaptation of Philipp Meyer's acclaimed Western novel The Son coming out on April 8.
Meanwhile, there are plenty of shows that will already be airing at that time, like The Americans (returning March 7 on FX) and Feud (which debuted March 5 on FX). The Walking Dead concludes its seventh season on April 4. Switched at Birth ends its run forever on April 11.
The long and short of it: April television, if you are even a halfway dedicated TV fan, is about to devour your life whole. But why? To answer that question, we have to look ahead to September.
The Emmy Awards are one big reason there's so much TV in April
Television is increasingly splitting into four different “seasons,” which roughly mirror the actual seasons we all live with as citizens of the planet Earth. The traditional fall TV season begins in September, ending in November or early December. After a quick gap for the holidays, the winter TV season begins in January, and then the spring TV season begins in April. There's a much shorter summer TV season that launches between mid-June and mid-July.
Yes, every single month of the year brings the release of at least one show — Netflix, in particular, is moving toward launching a high-profile project every weekend — but most shows debut in one of the four months listed above.
And of those four months, April has emerged as the most desirable home for TV's most premier shows. Why are networks so dedicated to it, at the expense of just about everything else?
The answer is simple: the Emmys. If you want to qualify for the 2017 Emmy Awards, to be held September 17, you need to unspool half your season before May 31 (the absolute cutoff for Emmy qualification) and make sure the whole season will have aired by the time Emmy nomination ballots are due in late June.
Thus, April is rapidly becoming TV's “prestige season,” similar to how Oscar hopefuls tend to hit movie theaters in October, November, and December, ahead of nomination ballots being due in January. Unless you're Netflix or Amazon — which release entire seasons in one go — you'll likely need to debut in April to get the whole season out there in accordance with the Emmys' eligibility rules.
Examples of this strategy abound. Reigning comedy series champ Veep, by debuting on April 16, ensures it will air seven of its 10 episodes by the May 31 cutoff date for airing half a season (unless it takes off Memorial Day weekend, and even then, it will have aired six). Emmy favorite Fargo will have aired seven of 10 episodes by May 31 as well, while American Gods will have aired five of eight episodes (or six of eight if Starz airs the first two episodes as a two-hour premiere — a common practice).
The exception, of course, is Netflix, which is rolling out two of its big Emmy hopefuls — Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt and House of Cards — in May, because it releases its series all at once and, thus, doesn't need to worry about how many weeks it has before the cutoff date. In particular, it's launching House of Cards on May 30, very nearly the last day of eligibility.
Time will tell if this approach proves effective, especially for the newbies. But if it seems like all your favorite shows are returning in April each year, well, there's a reason, and it's shiny and gold, with pointy wings.
There are supercomputers in specific locations that are programmed to create alterations in this reality.
There are access levels of knowledge and control to these systems that are protected because of the potential for misuse as well as the inherent nature for the majority of the population to go insane upon the realization of the true nature of this reality as a kind of electrical-spiritual virtual environment that extends, first, from the higher dimension downward and not from the physical layer upward.
Everything that is here comes first from mind and pure information, that realm already exists and from that realm this reality is managed.
This is known by those who have interacted with the true nature of reality.
This aspect of disclosure related to the knowledge that this reality experienced a quantum collapse in the 1980's which was first detected in the 1970's. As a result of this disruption, this reality has literally been manually programmed in as ‘artificial time' from that point onward.
The stretch of years from the 1990's until now has been manually programmed in at specific segments through a very intense process which involves advanced technology, spiritual creation and informational systems combined with the human mind.
The issue with this is that with every iteration of ‘artificial time', the ‘time crunch' became more and more prominent with there being a distinct ‘wave-shift' from one segment to the next and people have been picking up on this through each cultural phase. Every specific amount of years time would shift again and throw the civilization into a cultural change. Those in the system considered this ‘normal', meanwhile those beyond the simulated time system simply had one shift from ‘ancient' to ‘present' reality in which everything is revealed.
These time segments have been programmed, designed to enable the majority to experience and come to terms with the true nature of reality which is that we are in eternity creating fold upon fold of a projected physical experience with which to experience the true nature of ourselves as pure energetic awareness. The goal is to become fully self-aware, ‘full of' self-awareness and to therefore convert the ignorance or kick out the ignorance and the fear of the illusory darkness of suffering and ego.
All these events have been planned, yet we are moving into the transcendence period where those who are prepared to see the truth can access the true nature of reality. Those who are not prepared must simply prepare to be overwhelmed, and everyone is often overwhelmed or at least given relief from this artificial system of illusion and oppression through the ego-mind which is an aspect of the program that was designed by those acting as ‘cosmic warlords' to lord over the ‘race of humanity'.
This is effectively the “Civilization Program” projected through Advanced Technology Devices generating Artificial Time. Everyone's consciousness who is experiencing reality here is contained within a technological device. If a person is not within that device then they are pure awareness that is free to move beyond. Those who are not apart of this system may have ties to a more organic reality, those who are more entrained in this system, may be trapped. There are distinctions between these however the distinctions are not easily determined at this point because nearly everyone is mind controlled by this system regardless of their relation to it! That system propagated itself outward like a virus and infected the ‘organic reality'.
The ‘organic reality' itself is like a dream-time simulation, a dream is merely a simulation! A simulation in one way is a technological system designed from a physical layer of tools and electrical components! The ‘organic dream', as a ‘simulation' is merely another form of simulation designed not by hard, cold electrical components but soft, wet, organic electrical components!
The interesting question!? What happens when the two mix! What is a living, soft, electrical system that can sustain life but last as long as and experience the depth of reality that the designed systems can? Don't say this is beyond you, because you've been experiencing it for the past several decades and some only know of that!
You can also ask yourself how humans got here in the first place, how this place came about, how ‘space-time' comes about in the first place! It's nearly the same question! How did this civilization experience a jump in technological advancement? What is the purpose of consciousness and what was the first consciousness? So many answers, ask the right answers and access the right stream of pure information!
This is all due to the discovery of the possibility of and the invention of the technological capacity to splice different parallel realities and overlays together and literally create artificial realities from the base reality that Humanity left.
WASHINGTON (CNN) - The Democratic drama over superdelegates is back.
A "unity reform commission" the party created last July -- made up of leaders selected separately by Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders -- is tasked with making a recommendation by the end of this year: Keep superdelegates, eliminate them, or something in between.
But the 21 members of the commission admit that almost a year after the Clinton vs. Sanders nominating fight ended, the bitter feelings still haven't gone away.
"I think tensions will definitely start to rise as we get into the nitty-gritty of proposals," said Jane Kleeb, the Nebraska Democratic chairwoman and a Sanders selection for the unity commission.
"But I'm confident -- and I guess hoping, at the same time -- that it's not just, 'Oh, you're a Bernie delegate, so of course you think that way,'" added Kleeb, who rose to national prominence as an activist against the Keystone XL pipeline.
The unity commission is headed into its second of four meetings this week in San Antonio. Superdelegates aren't officially on the agenda until the third meeting, in Chicago in August -- but several commission members said they expect behind-the-scenes talks on the issue to intensify over the summer.
Superdelegates became a flashpoint in the Clinton vs. Sanders contest, when members of Congress and other party leaders given the special status to cast a vote for their choice for the Democratic presidential nominee regardless of their states' results overwhelmingly backed Clinton, in some cases allowing her to carry more delegates than Sanders in states where he won the primary or caucus.
They didn't ultimately tip the nomination to Clinton -- she won more pledged delegates than Sanders, too -- but Sanders' backers felt their early endorsements left many Democrats believing that Clinton's nomination was predetermined.
Beating back efforts by Sanders' supporters to eliminate superdelegates at July's convention, the DNC launched a commission to study the issue -- and started with the recommendation that members of Congress, governors and other elected officials retain their status, but that other party leaders lose it, potentially reducing the number of superdelegates by two-thirds.
"To go beyond that would be a push," acknowledged Larry Cohen, a Democratic labor leader who is the unity panel's co-chairman and the chairman of the Sanders-aligned Our Revolution.
Even if the unity commission sticks with that recommendation, it would then need the approval of the DNC's Rules Committee and the full DNC.
Implementing at least that recommendation, though, Cohen said, is key, "because obviously this is aimed at 2020 and the DNC has to adopt it in some way."
A leading proponent on the unity commission for keeping superdelegates in their current role, several members said, is Rep. Marcia Fudge of Ohio, a Clinton selection to the panel. Fudge declined an interview request.
The superdelegate system has been in place since the 1980s, when Democrats sought to avoid blowout losses like George McGovern had suffered in 1972 and President Jimmy Carter faced in 1980 by increasing the influence of party insiders.
After the 2008 contest between Clinton, Barack Obama and John Edwards, a panel recommended reducing superdelegates' influence, but the DNC never adopted the changes.
Other proposals to curb the influence of superdelegates that have floated around in conversations with unity commission members -- including private conference calls the Clinton and Sanders sides are holding -- includes keeping superdelegates but requiring them to vote according to their states' results.
It's one of several changes Sanders' supporters hope to make. They are also seeking major changes to presidential debate scheduling, and are pushing to open primaries and caucuses to independents. The commission is also expected to examine the party's nominating calendar -- which features the overwhelmingly white Iowa and New Hampshire voting first, and a geographic mishmash of states voting in clusters on the same day.
The commission also includes members appointed by new DNC Chairman Tom Perez. And panel members described the early conversations as "Kumbaya" moments, even as they anticipate fights later this year.
"I think for us, we're essentially not assuming that the Clinton or Perez delegates are only status quo thinking. In that until they prove otherwise, we're going to continue on that mindset," Kleeb said.
Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How Researchers Cloned Human Embryos
Enlarge this image toggle caption http://www.flickr.com/photos/ohsunews/8726915230/in/photostream//Courtesy of OHSU Photos http://www.flickr.com/photos/ohsunews/8726915230/in/photostream//Courtesy of OHSU Photos
Scientists in Oregon have achieved something that many thought might be impossible.
They said Wednesday that they have cloned human embryos and then harvested the embryo's stem cells.
The discovery, if it holds up, means scientists would be able to make personalized stem cells, with their genetic code almost perfectly matched to that of a patient.
One day, designer cells like these could help to treat an array of diseases, like diabetes, Parkinson's and heart problems.
So how did the scientists do it?
Specifically, they used a method called somatic cell nuclear transfer. Despite its complex name, the technique is pretty simple. Take an egg donated by a woman and pull out its DNA. Then insert DNA from a patient's skin cell into the empty egg.
Another Way To Make Personalized Stem Cells Back in 2007, Shinya Yamanaka of Kyoto University in Japan, figured out a way to turn skin cells into stem cells without using an egg. This method involves simply switching on four genes inside the skin cells, which transforms them into another class of stem cells, called induced pluripotent stem cells, or iPSCs. Since you don't need to destroy a human embryo to make iPSCs, they are less controversial than embryonic stem cells. But scientists still aren't sure if iPSCs work as well. Yamanka won a Nobel Prize last year for discovering iPSCs. Shots - Health News Nobel Winners Unlocked Cells' Unlimited Potential
As the embryo develops, it makes stem cells that the scientists can collect and grow in the lab.
The technique dates back to the 1960s, when John Gurdon at Oxford University cloned a frog using just one cell from a tadpole's gut. He eventually won a Nobel Prize for that experiment.
Then in 1996, a team in Scotland used a similar method to clone the first mammal: a sheep named Dolly. This discovery triggered a rash of clonings — rabbits, horses, cows, goats and, of course, cats and dogs.
But getting the technique to work with humans eggs has been an exercise in frustration.
For more than a decade, researchers have been tripped up at the same point. After they drop the new DNA into a human egg, it divides a few times and then it gets stuck. It stops growing.
But Shoukhrat Mitalipov and his team at Oregon Health & Science University figured out how to keep the embryo dividing until it creates stem cells.
Mitalipov says they had to trick the egg into thinking it's been fertilized by a sperm. "Even if you transplant the skin cell inside the egg, the egg still needs some kind of signaling — usually [it's] delivered by the sperm."
The magic signal is quite complex. It includes an electric shock, a cocktail of chemicals and a splash of caffeine. Really.
Adding a little caffeine to the embryo's food helps it grow and make stem cells.
Mitalipov and his team then harvested the caffeine-charged cells and demonstrated that they could be transformed into a variety of cell types, including heart cells that beat inside a petri dish.
The process is efficient enough, Mitalipov says, that he can get stem cells from each woman who donate five to 15 eggs.
As he seeks to fend off a challenge from Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes, Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell has taken to accusing Grimes of perpetrating fraud on Kentucky voters, with the Republican authorizing mailers that warn voters they "are at risk of acting on fraudulent information."
Mailed in envelopes that blare "ELECTION VIOLATION NOTICE" and state "You are at risk of acting on fraudulent information," the Kentucky Republican Party issued a letter that accuses Grimes of "blatant lies" about McConnell's advocacy for a local coal plant and his support from "anti-coal activists like Michael Bloomberg." The letter also takes Grimes to task for her support among "anti-coal and anti-gun" Hollywood celebrities and accuses her of hypocrisy in her call for an increased minimum wage because a restaurant owned by her family pays employees less than the minimum.
Advertisement:
"This document serves as a notification to you, as a resident of Kentucky and a registered voter in the aforementioned Commonwealth, of fraudulent information that is being deliberately spread to voters in your area," the mailer reads.
"This information is provided as a public service," the letter concludes.
In a statement Friday, Kentucky Democratic Party chair Dan Logsdon condemned the mailers as "possibly illegal."
"After trying for 16 months to buy this election, Mitch McConnell and the out-of-state special interests that support him are now trying to steal Kentucky's Senate seat using questionable and possibly illegal voter suppression tactics," Logsdon said. "The despicable mailers targeting Kentucky voters with misleading information are just another sign of Mitch McConnell's desperation as Kentuckians hold him accountable for his 30-year failed record in Washington," he added.
Indeed, it's hard to see the mailers as anything but a shameless effort to suppress voter turnout. Indicting Grimes for fraud and even suggesting "election violation[s]," the mailers make no affirmative case for re-electing the senator and instead seek to taint Grimes with accusations of sordid and (hint, hint) potentially criminal political tactics. A vote for Grimes, the mailers convey, is an illegitimate vote.
The rash of voter identification measures passed by GOP-led legislatures in recent years leave little doubt that the Republican Party sees suppressing the vote as its path to victory. But rarely have GOP campaigns been so transparent in their attempts to keep voters at home.
Advertisement:
Here's the envelope in which the Kentucky GOP enclosed the letter:
[caption id="attachment_13810682" align="alignnone" width="500" caption=" "] [/caption]
And here's the letter:
The sound of the crystal-clear waters of the Ljuta River gushing through dense foliage is therapeutic. Walking down narrow footpaths in between trees, I can hear the chirp of birds. Above us is Mount Snijeznica, with its hiking and mountain biking trails. Purple irises glow between almond trees. This is the Konavle Valley in the hinterland of Dubrovnik, Croatia . Its name derives from the Latin “canalis”, referring to the channels that brought water to about 33 villages scattered across the valley.We drive past babbling mountain streams and squat stone houses. We pass the ancient town of Cavtat which, my guide says, was the Greek town of Epidaurus, founded in 6th century BC, later called Epidaurum under the Romans in 228 BC. The inhabitants fled north to establish Dubrovnik when their city was invaded.It was the Romans who first built aqueducts and canals to bring water to this region.The Konavle Valley is a day trip from Dubrovnik, and offers biking and hiking trails as well as vineyard tours and horse riding. It has been called the food bowl and the garden of Croatia. Located at the southernmost tip of the country, it is flanked by the Adriatic Sea and the Sniježnica mountains. Bordering Bosnia-Hercegovina to the east and Montenegro to the south, the valley covers approximately 125 square miles and has a population of around 10,000 people. It has rolling vineyards, as the climactic and geological conditions are ideal for winemaking.Julija in a traditional dress. Her father grew his first vineyard of Malvasija from three healthy vinesCroatia doesn't figure among Mediterranean countries known for world-class wines. One reason is that locals and tourists consume almost all of the country's supply. The other reason is history. Till the Croatian War of Independence in the early 1990s, the communist government restricted the wine industry. Then the war saw the destruction of many vineyards and wineries. “The Croatians haven't given up on this ancient practice and there is a strong movement by independent wine producers,” says the guide. People are once again cultivating in family-owned vineyards. Every September through October, friends flock to vineyards to help pick grapes. The region, having recovered from the war, is peaceful, lush with olives, tangerines, figs and mulberries.Konavle is also famous for its national costume, decorated with intricate needlework. Girls wear crop waistcoats, which are richly embroidered, and round caps. The Konavle embroidery with its geometric motifs stands out. The story goes that every family in Konavle used to have their own nest of silkworms from which they would extract silk thread. These threads were then coloured with naturals dyes over weeks.The traditional colours are red, black, dark green and gold. “Embroidery was done by young girls before they got married, as silk was the most important material for bridal clothes,” explains our guide. These days, about 10 families in the region are engaged in the trade. Shops sell embroidered tablecloths, pillows, handkerchiefs and dresses.Our first stop is the family farm Brajkovic in the heart of Konavle, among rolling vineyards and towering cypress trees. The family grows grapes and olives. We sit at long wooden tables and are served delicious wines and healthy olive oil accompanied by home-baked bread. We taste the local herbal brandy called travarica, fruit liqueurs, figs and candied orange peel called arancini.Konavle's past is also evident in the water mills built on the Ljuta river in the 15th centuryFrom here we board a dinky little minitrain that ferries us to the Ivo Karaman Winery. An open verandah overlooks the vineyards, and the owners offer us enormous platters of candied oranges and sugared almonds, cured ham and cheese, crusty bread and green onions along with Merlot and Cabernet Sauvignon, the white Marastina and special Dubrovacka Malvasija that is indigenous to Konavle.Konavle's past is also evident in the water mills and stamp mills built on the Ljuta River in the 15th century. The mill system was critical for the region's economy: to grind grains, press olives and even mat the fibres of wool. Now these are cultural monuments Of the 14 mills that used to be in operation, only three remain. At the Konavoski Dvori restaurant, we sit down for a lunch of grilled trout and veal baked in a traditional iron vessel.Wine tasting in the open verandah of the Ivo Karaman wineryOur last stop is the winery of Niko Karaman, who saved the Dubrovacka Malvasija grape from extinction. From the three healthy vines that he discovered he grew his first vineyard of Dubrovacka Malvasija. His daughter Julija says that Malvasija wine has a golden past: that it was exported in 1383 to a Bosnian king, and that there are indications that it was exported even to Venice before that. The Malvasija bouquet offers an enticing range of orange blossom, citrus, peach, apricot and almond. The Karman wine rooms are made of stone and wooden beams. As I quaff their wine and bite into soft, home-made sponge cake called Pan di spagna or Padišpanj — brought to Croatia by Dubrovnik seafarers — gazing into the burnished orange of a Croatian sunset, all's well with the world.Kalpana Sunder is a Chennai-based travel writer
Painful Past, Iffy Future
Contention clouds the fate of the Tule Lake internment camp, a relic of wartime fears.
Most of those internees were known as the "No-No boys," because they had answered "no" to -- or refused to answer -- a two-part loyalty question that asked internees to renounce the Japanese emperor and agree to serve in the U.S. armed forces.
Surrounded by a 10-foot-high barbed wire "man-proof" fence and 28 watchtowers, and guarded by a battalion of soldiers and eight armored tanks, the Tule Lake Segregation Center near the Oregon border was the nation's largest Japanese American internment camp and in time became the only one of the 10 in the country that was designated for internees considered security risks.
A community of nearly 20,000 people, it had more than 1,600 buildings spread across 7,400 acres, with vast vegetable fields, a pig farm, a newspaper and a school.
NEWELL, Calif. — It's nearly impossible to envision now, scanning the dusty, vacant lots that butt up against California Highway 139. But beginning in the spring of 1942, this was one of the state's largest settlements north of Sacramento.
Little remains at the site today except a barren concrete jail, a weather-battered carpenter's shop and two aging motor pool buildings.
A six-year effort to designate the site a national historic landmark culminated earlier this month with a ceremony at the camp. But former internees, the Modoc County Board of Supervisors and the National Park Service, among others, have been campaigning almost as long for the camp to become a state or national park or be turned over to a nonprofit group.
Proponents of preservation warn that unless action is taken soon, one of the most significant vestiges of World War II-era American history will pass beyond repair as the buildings continue to decay.
"It is viewed as the most important of all the camps, in terms of the story it tells," said Jon Jarvis, the park service's Pacific regional director. "The jail is considered the most important remaining building of all the camps. Everybody recognizes it's time to do something."
Within a few years of the camp's closing in the summer of 1946, the once-sprawling settlement was dismantled. Some buildings fell victim to weather and time. Much of what remained was scavenged: The jail's metal bars were salvaged for scrap; the internee barracks were cut in half and given to homesteading veterans; and an officers club was converted into a grocery store.
Even the headstones from the camp's cemetery were taken as souvenirs and the cemetery was converted into a landfill.
But some artifacts remain. The water and sewage systems designed and built by the internees are still used by households in Newell. Although many of the camp's original structures are intact, they have been moved and are scattered around the Tule Lake basin. The once-menacing guard towers are used as storage sheds, pump shacks and backyard playhouses.
Park service officials say there are more buildings remaining from Tule Lake than at all of the other internment camps combined.
Today the park service operates two former internment camps: Manzanar, near Bishop, Calif., designated a national historic site in 1992; and Minidoka, near Twin Falls, Idaho, a national monument since 2001.
The campaign to preserve Tule Lake has been complicated by strong local objections to any expanded federal presence in a region where anti-government sentiments have run high recently. A number of residents say they don't object to more protection for the camp, even if that means making it a national park, but they don't want to see an expansion of federal land ownership in the area.
The park service has requested congressional authorization to study Tule Lake's historic and cultural value, the first step in establishing a new park or monument. The county Board of Supervisors has endorsed the request.
In the first quarter of this year, the economy grew at an annual rate of 0.1 percent. Over the last four years, the economy grew at an average of 2.25 percent. In all, this has been one of the slowest recoveries on record.
If we compare this recovery to the four years after the 1982 recession and the 1991 recession the comparison doesn't look good. In the four years after the 1982 recession, the economy grew at an average annual rate of 4.9 percent. In the four years after the 1991 recession, the economy grew at 3.25 percent
Furthermore, if we compare the post-recession four-year average of 2.25 percent to average growth of 3.15 percent in the 1980s and 3.23 percent growth in the 1990s, or even the 2.66 percent from the pre-recession years in the 2000s, the picture does not look good. But the good news is that it doesn't have to stay this way.
Comprehensive Tax Reform Could Increase the Size of the Economy by Over 10 to 15 Percent
Comprehensive tax reform would significantly grow the economy. If we were to fundamentally overhaul our tax system and implement a neutral tax system (i.e. a tax code that doesn't discourage saving and investment and only taxes each dollar once), we would see big boosts to the size of the capital stock (i.e. the tools we use to work, such as equipment and factories), wage rates, and the overall size of the economy.
Completely overhauling the tax code and instituting a consumption tax that raises an equal amount of revenue to our current tax system would only require a tax rate of around 14 percent. This type system would tax each dollar once and treat saving and consumption neutrally. In the long run, this type of reform would increase the size of the capital stock by 32.77 percent, raise wages by 8.57 percent and increase GDP by 11.7 percent.
A dynamical revenue neutral plan would require an 11.5 percent tax rate and increase the size of the capital stock by over 40 percent, raise wages by nearly 10 percent, and increase the size of the economy by 14.82 percent.
Comprehensive Tax Reform Could Return Us to Growth Levels of the 1980s and 1990s
An economy that is 11.7 percent larger after ten years would be the equivalent of about 1.2 percent in additional GDP growth each year. That means that instead of growing at an average rate of 2.25 percent a year, we grow at an average rate of 3.45 percent, which exceeds the annual growth rate of the 1980s and the 1990s.
Smaller Improvements Could Have a Big Impact
Even though comprehensive tax reform could have a major impact on jobs, wages, and the size of the economy, even more minor improvements to the federal tax code could make a difference.
Extending bonus expensing on a permanent basis would increase the size of the economy by over 1 percent, or add 0.1 percent to the growth rate each year. Additionally, it would increase size of the capital stock by about 3 percent and add 212,000 jobs. Due to the growth, it would also increase annual federal revenues by $23 billion over the long run.
Going one step further and moving towards full expensing would have an even greater effect on the economy, increasing the capital stock by over 15 percent, wages by over 4 percent, and the economy by 5.21 percent, or about 0.5 percent more growth each year.
Ending the Era of Slow Growth
We have the opportunity to escape perpetually slow economic growth, but we can't do it with our current tax code. Any pro-growth tax changes, whether it's through comprehensive tax reform or quality reforms on the margin, would be a positive for jobs, wages, and the economy as a whole.
They have surrendered: Morrissey's memoir is indeed coming out, and will be published by Penguin Classics, the home of some of the world's greatest literary works.
Morrissey announced on Thursday that after much vacillation, Penguin Classics will publish the book on 17 October. According to Morrissey's statement, which was verified by the publisher, Autobiography will come out in the UK, Europe and the British Commonwealth. Reps for the former Smiths frontman stated that the star "has no contract with a publisher for the US or any other territory". This may be the result of a reported conflict with Penguin's international subsidiaries: in September, the fansite True to You claimed "a last-minute content disagreement … caused the [Penguin] venture to collapse".
Morrissey has spent years working on the book. As early as 2011, he said the principal manuscript was finished: "I've reached the redrafting, trimming stage," he said of a 660-page draft. "I'd like it to go to Penguin, but only if they published it as a Classic," he told Radio 4's Front Row at the time. "I can't see why not – a contemporary Penguin Classic. When you consider what really hits print these days, and when you look at the autobiographies and how they are sold, most of it is appalling. It's a publishing event, not a literary event."
Although the book has been a long time coming, a representative for Waterstones, Jon Howells, predicts that the memoir will be a success this Christmas: "He's a contrary, controversial character, and his is arguably the most interesting untold story yet to emerge from the 80s generation of British music heroes. The announcement may have not been as smooth as the publisher would have hoped, but ultimately fans just want to read it, and we expect Autobiography to be one of this Christmas's top sellers at Waterstones."
While Penguin Classics is usually an imprint for work by long-beloved (and long-dead) members of the literary canon, the publishing house is a "natural fit" for Morrissey, a Penguin spokesperson said in 2011. With the Independent reporting that the contract "hinged" on whether the memoir would be declared a Classic, Penguin's rep explained: "[It] could be published as a Penguin Classic because it is a classic in the making."
The statement from Penguin Classics revealed the book's cover – a photograph used for Morrissey's 2008 Greatest Hits. It also includes the quote: "Most pop stars have to be dead before they reach the iconic status that Morrissey has reached in his lifetime" – a declaration that may or may not have been written by the singer himself.
The Romance of the Three Kingdoms , based on real historical figures, was one of the most epic and gripping novels ever written. It teaches the lessons of the Art of War (孫子兵法) better, and in an easier-to-understand form than Sun Tzu (孫子) himself in his famous treatise.
The romance of three states: China, the United States and Taiwan, is still very much an ongoing saga, and awaits a fuller treatment. This tale is even more epic, no less gripping and affects directly—and indirectly—nearly half of the population on earth.
Even though it has now become commonplace to acknowledge that China is the biggest challenge that the United States faces in the twenty-first century, the American foreign-policy establishment is still obsessed with Moscow as the implacable enemy; despite the fact that the PRC succeeds in preserving itself, while the USSR met its demise in 1991.
Why isn't China taken more seriously by the American establishment? Partly it is because genuine knowledge of China remains shockingly deficient among America's leaders, and many myths and cliches about China continue to hold sway. The first principle of the Art of War is “know thyself, know thy opponent.” Only when we are clear-sighted and realistic about ourselves and our opponents, can we come up with workable solutions.
China:
China has long been misperceived by the West. For a long time, it didn't matter; because China was far away, and it was in its own world. Few Western sinologists, until the late twentieth century, could speak Chinese, let alone read or write it. Since most in the West know even less about China than the sinologists, they could get away with knowing pitifully little, and being very often wrong without being challenged.
Western sinologists like to say that China has always been ruled by tyranny, so the current regime is simply a continuation of the past. Not true. Emphatically not true. China has never seen a tyranny as brutal, abusive, intrusive, controlling and lethal as the China's Communist Party (CCP). Mao Zedong's totalitarianism did not come from the Chinese tradition, and had not existed in China before in any form.
No rulers before Mao, and that includes the Mongol invaders, had ever ruled China by using mob violence; but Mao did, repeatedly and callously unleash lethal chaos. In fact, Mao caused more Chinese to die than all the previous invaders of China combined, and that includes the Japanese using modern weapons and heavy bombing of civilian population centers.
No previous rulers had even attempted to control every aspect of Chinese people's lives the way the CCP did, and that includes where they lived, worked, traveled and earned a living; what they owned, bought, ate and used; how they thought, spoke, wrote, published and created art; whom they could marry, fraternize and associate with. During the Cultural Revolution, Chinese didn't even have the right to remain silent.
Many have said that things have changed since the onset of “reform and opening.” Some things have changed. The most consequential change was that Deng Xiaoping had replaced Mao's mob violence with state violence, which is not nearly as insane, and far more controllable, as the means to rule. But far more things have remained the same. The state remains in control of all forms of media, including social media. The state still imposes controls on education, from kindergarten to tertiary levels and beyond. The state still dictates what the children learn and what could not be learned. The state still proscribes what the people can know, and what they cannot know. The state has upgraded its internet to monitor every move of its urban residents, and an army of trolls paid to censor every post or word not approved by the state. The state still owns all the land, and the people can only lease properties on the land for seventy years—this is totally alien from a culture with a tradition of capitalism and land ownership going back thousands of years. The regime's use of state violence against its own people is brutal and routine; imprisonments often are arbitrary; and miscarriages of justice common. China's Communist Party decides the size of the family, enforces birth quotas with security agents monitoring menstrual cycles, forces people to get sterilizations and abortions, inflicts heavy fines and home destruction for those who disobey. It was—and is—a totalitarian instrument so gross and so barbaric that it has never existed anywhere else on earth before. Moreover, the CCP's Leninist system, which has more in common with Russia's medieval serfdom than with any modern or traditional Chinese political practices, could not—and cannot—be reformed. With all its control levers firmly in place, any totalitarian or dictatorial practices, both tried and untried, can be activated at will.
The United States:
The three most influential books that had shaped for decades Americans' perceptions of the CCP and China were Edgar Snow's Red Star Over China , Theodore White's Thunder Out of China and Barbara Tuchman's Stilwell and the American Experience in China . These books were written by authors who did not know Chinese, had spent very little or no time in China, and were not familiar with Chinese politics, history and culture. In short, they were all prime prospects for manipulation, and they were—Snow by Mao, White by Zhou Enlai and Tuchman by ideologically committed American sinologists.
It is in this manipulated and misinformed milieu that the so-called “panda-huggers” emerged, and have dominated China policy since 1971. They claim they have preserved peace—a very dubious claim, since China was not in any condition to fight the United States. The PRC was so weak and ravaged at the time that the United States probably didn't need to make any concession to mend relations, or to divide further the Sino-Soviet alliance, badly strained since 1957, and then on the edge of further border and ideological clashes. Yet, the knowledge of China was so shockingly deficient among America's elite that the domestic reality of the PRC did not come into their calculations at all. The derecognition of Taiwan in 1979 was also an unnecessary concession. The panda huggers have since compounded this monumental error by granting the PRC Most Favored Nation Status (MFN). Renaming it as Permanent Normal Trade Relations (PNTR) still doesn't make it “normal” to enrich the most barbaric tyranny China ever had.
Two decades on, it has been amply demonstrated that making the CCP rich didn't and couldn't change the CCP—it has only made them more arrogant, and increased the harm they could do to the U.S. trade position and the global trading system. Offering the PRC “stakeholder” positions has not stated their ambition, it has only allowed them better access to change the rules and norms of international institutions, and ample opportunities where they could shape American cultural spheres and marketplaces. Moreover, because of the scale of China's labor force, and the artificially low wages and other anti-labor practices enforced by tyranny, China has, through unfair competition, devastated America's manufacturing sector. The one-percenters in China and the United States who made the deals with each other have reaped the great benefits—now there are unprecedented numbers of billionaires in both countries. It is not just the Chinese workers who are being robbed by the artificially depressed wages, the American workers are also being deprived of good paying jobs to support their families. Moreover, many Americans are being ravaged by an opiate and prescription drug epidemic, with many of these drugs imported from China and other foreign places. Many of America's small towns, once the bulwark and mainstay of American democracy, now lie forlorn and distressed across the continental landscape. The assertions by some experts that trade didn't cause the loss of jobs don't comfort or convince those who can't find work near their homes, but only leads them to distrust the experts. Cheaper goods are no consolation to them either when they have low or no wages.
So this “grand bargain” made by the elites, which was implicit since Henry Kissinger's secret mission to the PRC in 1971, and made explicit by James Woolsey during the 2016 presidential election campaign in an op-ed in the South China Morning Post —that the United States would accept China's rise as long as it doesn't challenge the status quo—was never much more than a daydream, and has already become untenable.
Those who oppose this misguided approach to China, the so-called “dragon slayers,” see confrontation with the PRC as unavoidable. They are correct. Moreover, nearly half a century of appeasement not only has increased the difficulty and enlarged the area of confrontation, but because of China's rapid military modernization, which was made possible by opening the vast American market to the PRC, the level of violence of such a confrontation will now be far higher.
“MY, WHAT a big mouth you have, Grandma,” says Little Red Riding Hood, with just a hint of suspicion. The wolf sneezes. “Bless you,” says the little girl.
Sound odd? That's because this snippet of Little Red Riding Hood was written not by a person but by a piece of software called Xapagy. It may not seem like much, but it demonstrates a first step towards computers that can invent stories. It also signals a new approach to designing a more human-like artificial intelligence.
Lotzi Bölöni of the University of Central Florida first fed Xapagy stories, which had been manually translated into a language the system can understand. But instead of using these stories to build rigid logic rules for future actions, as most AI systems would, Xapagy keeps them just as they are – a series of interconnected events.
When it comes across words in new stories, it looks for familiar connections in its memory. If it finds any, it uses them to predict what will happen next and then tells the story. The trick is that each word can have many different associations in Xapagy's memory, depending on the stories it has read. When it doesn't find any clear connections, it just substitutes in its own word that makes grammatical sense, like the sneezing wolf, and continues the story in a way that makes narrative sense (arxiv.org/abs/1211.5643).
Advertisement
“The idea of an architecture based on narrative is clever,” says Stan Franklin of the University of Memphis, who developed the famous AI system LIDA. “It might lead to learning about narrative, an important topic in cognition.”
Xapagy works in a mix of English and a computer language called Xapi, which allows for easier communication between the two. The sentence, “My, what a big mouth you have Grandma” translates as “mouth – of – ‘Grandma'/ wh is-a / big?” in Xapi.
Currently, Bölöni must translate all material for Xapagy to learn by hand, a major bottleneck in giving it a big enough memory to be able to tell rich, interesting stories. Once it can build up a large enough back catalogue of stories, Bölöni expects Xapagy will be able to think up entirely new stories on its own.
AI researcher Andrew Nuxoll at the University of Portland in Oregon says Xapagy is “entirely unique”.
Most AI systems form rigid logical rules based on their observations of the world. This can be limiting, as it prevents robots and computers from tackling unfamiliar tasks. “If Bölöni is successful, it would result in a much more flexible way of learning,” Nuxoll says.
Bölöni's work is a step towards human-like AI, Nuxoll adds. “I am confident that when we do create such a brain it will have a capacity to remember, learn and re-learn from its past.”
Liverpool could lose out in race for £25m PSV Eindhoven wingerLouis van Gaal picked player for World Cup squad
Manchester United are in pole position to sign Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven at the end of the season, with the attraction of Louis van Gaal, the Dutch winger's former national coach, and the greater prospect of Champions League football putting the club ahead of Liverpool.
The potential price for Depay, who is a Holland international, is likely to be in the region of £25m.
Wolfsburg's Kevin De Bruyne still open to Manchester City move, says agent Read more
Liverpool could still qualify for the Champions League. Yet this is appearing an outside hope as Brendan Rodgers' team are seven points behind Manchester City with six matches of their season left, though Liverpool have played a match less than the champions.
Van Gaal is familiar with Depay as he gave the 21-year-old his international debut two years ago, and selected him for Holland's squad at last summer's World Cup in Brazil. At the finals Depay scored a memorable winner in their 3-2 victory over Australia after coming on as a substitute in a group game.
Despite operating, in the main, as a wide player Depay has scored 20 goals in 27 Eredivisie appearances for PSV this term. This makes him the leading scorer in the Dutch top-flight and is a return that was instrumental in PSV being crowned champions on Sunday for the first time in seven years.
United has a good relationship with PSV in the transfer market, having signed two of their best-ever players, Ruud van Nistelrooy and Jaap Stam, from the Dutch club.
The former Ajax, Barcelona and Holland midfielder Ronald de Boer felt Van Gaal had the edge in the race to sign the winger.
“I don't want to say which club is more suitable for him, but if he goes to United he knows there is a Dutch coach there who knows him from the World Cup. That is an advantage,” he told Talksport.
You all claim to reject “happy exploitation.”
But John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods, claims that you (and possibly others) were “stakeholders” in the actual creation of the Whole Foods “happy exploitation” standards.
You can listen to Mackey speak here.
Mackey claims that you worked with the meat industry to set the “happy” standards “a species at a time.”
If Mackey's claim is accurate, you not only expressed your written “appreciation and support” for these supposedly “pioneering” standards of animal exploitation, but you actually helped to create them.
You cannot simultaneously reject “happy exploitation” when you not only expressed support for the Whole Foods program but actually help to set standards for “happy exploitation” and thereby facilitate the sale of these animal products by Whole Foods.
So unless Mackey is in error, you are not only supporting “happy exploitation” but you served as architects of the Whole Foods “happy exploitation” program.
I call on you and all of those who signed that infamous and shameful letter to Mackey, which inaugurated the modern “happy exploitation” movement, to state publicly and unequivocally that your expression of “appreciation and support” for the Whole Foods Program was an error, and your involvement as “stakeholders” who actually set standards for animal exploitation “a species at a time” was very, very wrong.
Thank you.
Gary L. Francione
ADDENDUM: Viva! Replies
In light of my exchange with Viva!'s co-founder, Tony Wardle, in London on October 11, I had previously posted about this matter as it concerned Viva! on the Abolitionist Approach my Facebook page. Tony Wardle of Viva! replied:
(Click to enlarge.)
Here is my reply:
Come on, Tony. I asked you a question: Who was not stating the truth? Was it Mackey when he said that Viva! was involved in discussions with industry to set “happy exploitation” standards? Or was it you when you said that Viva! does not promote “happy exploitation”? You did not answer my question although you are, it seems, admitting that Viva! was at those meetings to which Mackey refers. I asked you about Viva's participation in the meetings that set animal exploitation standards for the Whole Foods program. The fact that Viva! subsequently closed its U.S. office after apparently participating is completely irrelevant. And what does it mean to say that you participated in setting those animal exploitation standards but that's acceptable because you had someone there to give a “vegan perspective”? A “vegan perspective” would mean you would not participate in setting exploitation standards. A “vegan perspective” would mean that you would not have expressed your “appreciation and support” for the “pioneering” Whole Foods standards of animal exploitation, as you did. Why don't you just withdraw the support of Viva! from the endorsement of the “happy exploitation” program that you provided and admit it was a bad idea for you to do that and for you to sit down with industry to formulate standards for the exploitation of animals? Isn't that the very least that you owe to the animals? As for these comments about Rutgers, I am delighted to say that there are more vegans every year and more vegan food on campus every year. Rutgers does animal experimentation—quite a bit of it—and I am sure that everyone knows and appreciates that a faculty member in one part of the University does not get to shut down departments in other parts of the University. Similarly, the vivisection community is unable to stop my teaching and writing about why vivisection is morally unjustified and scientifically unsound although they are as unhappy with me as I am with them. Let me add that at Rutgers, as everywhere else, the efforts of those of us who promote veganism could be far more effective if there were not groups like Viva! that are telling everyone that it's fine for them to do less than go vegan. You endorse reducetarianism on every page of your website. On every page of your website, you reinforce the idea that meat is different from other animal products. You sell cookbooks that have non-vegan recipes. You tell people that eating foie gras is somehow different from eating other animal foods, or that it's worse to use the flesh of kangaroos to make shoes than the flesh of cows. You have made a business of selling excuses to people so they can continue to exploit animals. That's clear. Gary Francione P.S. I am still waiting for you to give me the support for your statement at VegfestUK about welfare reform leading to reduced numbers of animals being killed. I have asked for that at least three times. Thanks.
ADDENDUM: More from Viva!
Tony Wardle of Viva! sticks his foot further down his throat:
(Click to enlarge.)
My reply:
By far the largest episode was in the remote northeastern village of Bir Mahli, where more than 60 people, including numerous women and children, were reported killed this month in a series of strikes. Military officials acknowledged that the coalition had struck the village but said that those killed were Islamic State fighters.
Human rights advocates say that it remains unclear how many civilian lives the restrictions on airstrikes have saved.
“The U.S. has indeed put in place rigorous policies and procedures to minimize civilian harm, but with no combat troops on the ground, it is hard to evaluate how successful these policies have been,” said Federico Borello, the executive director of the Center for Civilians in Conflict, an advocacy group.
Islamic State troops, however, appear to be taking advantage of the restrictions, as the militants increasingly fight from within civilian populations to deter attacks.
In Iraq, more than 80 percent of the allied airstrikes are supporting Iraqi troops in hotly contested areas like Ramadi and Baiji, the home of a major oil refinery. Many of the other strikes focus on so-called pop-up targets — small convoys of militants or heavy weaponry on the move. These have been a top priority of the campaign, even though only about one of every four air missions sent to attack the extremists have dropped bombs. The rest of the missions have returned to the base after failing to find a target they were permitted to hit under strict rules of engagement designed to avoid civilian casualties.
In Syria, the United States has a limited ability to gather intelligence to help generate targets, although the commando raid there this month that killed a financial leader of the Islamic State may signal a breakthrough. Many Islamic State training compounds, headquarters, storage facilities and other fixed sites were struck in the early days of the bombing, but the military's deliberate process for approving other targets has frustrated several commanders.
“We have not taken the fight to these guys,” the pilot of an American A-10 attack plane said in a recent email. “We haven't targeted their centers of gravity in Raqqa. All the roads between Syria and Iraq are still intact with trucks flowing freely.”
The next time the state gives you nutritional suggestions, you should probably just do the opposite
In Sleeper, Woody Allen plays the cryogenically frozen owner of a Greenwich Village health food store who, when defrosted in the year 2173, finds himself in an authoritarian state filled with giant vegetables, android butlers, and Diane Keaton. When an unnerved Allen is first unfrozen, space-age doctors try to calm him down:
Doctor: “He's ranting. We'd better tranquilize him.”
Allen: “I knew it was too good to be true. I parked right near the hospital.”
Doctor: “Here. You smoke this, and be sure to get the smoke deep down into your lungs.”
Allen: “I don't smoke. It's tobacco.”
Doctor: “It's one of the healthiest things for your body. Now go ahead. You need all the strength you can get.”
Pointing out the always changing guidelines of salubrious living is a long-running joke in America. It's worth remembering, though, that any self-corrections we make, and we make them all the time in real life using common sense, are far more difficult when government puts its imprimatur on pseudoscience—which it also does all the time.
In the Dietary Guidelines for Americans, the federal government's advice manual for citizens, we are warned that “not eating breakfast has been associated with excess body weight.” But when researchers from Columbia University decided to test this notion, they found nothing of the sort: “In overweight individuals, skipping breakfast daily for 4 weeks leads to a reduction in body weight,” the study's authors note. Other researchers did the same and came to similar conclusions. How many parents and overweight Americans took this advice as gospel when they could have been losing weight by skipping buttermilk pancake breakfasts?
We already know government recommendations regarding health are often driven by a bunch of Chicken Littles. The leading organ of American scaremongering, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, or CDC, has gotten so much wrong over the years. There was the outrageous contention that 400,00 Americans were dropping dead from obesity every year (they weren't). And then there were all the over-the-top warnings about the alleged risks of second-hand smoke (they don't really exist).
Earlier this year, the bureaucrats behind the government dietary guidelines finally admitted there was “no appreciable relationship” between dietary cholesterol and blood cholesterol. After years of warning Americans that high-cholesterol foods would kill them—eggs, shrimp, and so on—the U.S. Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee will no longer list cholesterol among its “nutrients of concern” for overconsumption. Now, some scientists argue that the state's obsession with scaring citizens about fat may actually have made our health worse.
The popularity of partially-hydrogenated vegetable oils—which government absurdly banned earlier this year–was driven in large part by government scaremongering about the evils of cooking with lard. But when contemporary researchers looked at the 1970's-era data underlying the dietary fat guidelines, they came to the conclusion that the data did not support the idea that eating less fat would translate to fewer cases of heart disease, or that it would save lives. And studies show it hasn't.
Nina Teicholz, author of The Big Fat Surprise, wrote this in The New York Times earlier this year:
How did experts get it so wrong? Certainly, the food industry has muddied the waters through its lobbying. But the primary problem is that nutrition policy has long relied on a very weak kind of science: epidemiological, or “observational,” studies in which researchers follow large groups of people over many years. But even the most rigorous epidemiological studies suffer from a fundamental limitation. At best they can show only association, not causation. Epidemiological data can be used to suggest hypotheses but not to prove them.
For instance, the government has been telling us we've been eating too much salt for years. The Food and Drug Administration claimed that lowering salt intake would save tens of thousands of us every year. Overbearing nanny state groups lobbied the government to regulate salt like they now do trans fats, and Americans turned to low sodium diets in huge numbers.
One of America's leading advocates of spurious science, Michael Bloomberg, convinced more than 20 companies to do drop salt levels voluntarily. And yet, according to studies published in recent years, our salt intake wasn't dangerous at all. Even the CDC has been forced to admit it was wrong. And not only were the low levels of salt recommended by the government unnecessary, they might also have been dangerous for our health.
“There is no longer any valid basis for the current salt guidelines,” said Andrew Mente, one of the authors of the study published in New England Journal of Medicine. “So why are we still scaring people about salt?”
Well, because that's what government does best.
PORTLAND, Ore. - A 25-year-old man was indicted on rape and sex abuse charges, accused of victimizing three teenage girls, Portland Police said.
Riante Ramon Badon, 25, was arrested in late September on third-degree rape, third-degree sex and seven counts of luring a minor.
The investigation started in August of2014 when the bureau's Child Abuse Team looked into reports that Badon had inappropriate social media contact with a teenage girl.
Badon was an employee at the Boys and Girls Club on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard at the time. He was immediately terminated for club policy violations when the investigation started.
Investigators learned that Badon victimized three teenage girls, according to Portland Police. Officials haven't elaborated on how Badon allegedly victimized the girls, or when it would have taken place.
From Portland Police: Anyone who may have been victimized by Badon or who has relevant information should contact Detective Mary Wheat at 503-823-0182 or mary.wheat@portlandoregon.gov.
“Under the terms of the settlement, Mr. Ewing agreed to fully divest himself of his ownership interest in The Max Retropub and resign as its manager,” plaintiff Mark Perkins said in a statement.
City Councilor Blake Ewing. DYLAN GOFORTH/The Frontier
A lawsuit against City Councilor Blake Ewing alleging he acted fraudulently and negligently in managing The Max Retropub, an 80s-themed Tulsa bar, was dismissed Wednesday.
The dismissal came following a settlement agreement between the plaintiff investors of The Max Retropub, Ewing and his other entities, plaintiff Mark Perkins said Thursday.
“Under the terms of the settlement, Mr. Ewing agreed to fully divest himself of his ownership interest in The Max Retropub and resign as its manager,” Perkins said in a statement.
“The business of the Max will go forward unabated, and the remaining partners and staff are fully committed to creating an exceptional experience for our customers.”
Ewing declined to comment Thursday on the case's dismissal.
The lawsuit, which was dismissed without prejudice and filed in October 2016, accused Ewing of fraudulently transferring more than $300,000 out of the business to fund his other businesses. The following day, Ewing posted a lengthy statement on Facebook, stating he tried to work through the investors' concerns prior to the suit being filed.
The suit's settlement has been pending since late last year. In December 2016, Perkins told The Frontier parties signed a settlement agreement containing several conditions that when fulfilled would result in the dismissal of the lawsuit.
The lawsuit was the second by a group of investors or business partners to claim that Ewing siphoned money away from the business and spent it on his other businesses. Another group of investors who planned to open a downtown grocery store with Ewing as its manager made similar claims in a 2014 lawsuit.
Ewing settled that suit and it was dismissed.
The suit filed last year sought to have Ewing terminated as manager of the 80s-themed bar, a request investors had made several times before.
In July 2016, Perkins and other members of the board of directors met with Rob Durbin, attorney for Ewing and The Max, to discuss issues facing the business, the suit states. During that meeting, board members voted unanimously to request Ewing resigns as manager, the lawsuit states. However, Durbin backed Ewing as manager.
The following month, Perkins emailed Durbin on behalf of members of the board of directors, again calling for Ewing's termination as manager, the lawsuit states.
“If you think it is in the best interest of the company to continue forward with a manager who has, without question, misappropriated company funds and created a situation where the Tax Commission is filing liens and garnishments against our business … a bar that finds itself without general liability insurance, and a tenant that pays its rent, please advise us as to why it is in The Max's best interest to continue with the same manager,” Perkins' email said.
On Aug. 16, and again a few days later, Perkins wrote Durbin requesting Ewing's removal, as well as recovery of the bar's misappropriated funds. Durbin responded by saying he didn't think he should discuss the matters as The Max's attorney.
However, on Aug. 31, Durbin and Ewing attended a settlement meeting in Perkins' office, the lawsuit states. At the meeting “it became clear that Ewing, Durbin and The Max would oppose any claims that were brought by unit holders.”
The lawsuit also accused Ewing of “massive acts of malfeasance and misappropriation” by using The Max's generated funds to pay expenses for his other businesses — Joe Momma's Pizza, The Fur Shop and The Phoenix — through a company called The Engine Room LLC. Some payments to Joe Momma's Pizza occurred after the restaurant was closed due to a fire last year, the suit alleges.
Ewing transferred more than $300,000 to The Engine Room from 2010 through 2015, the suit claims.
In addition to propping up Ewing's other businesses, funds from The Max also went for the city councilor's personal use, the lawsuit alleges.
The charges include “various restaurants, gas stations, furniture stores, baseball games, bars, hotels, airlines, veterinary clinics, musical instrument stores, bicycle shops, bookstores, consumer electronics stores, auto mechanics, flower shops, fast food chains, movie theaters, yacht clubs, skate shops, and other businesses.”
The lawsuit's allegations weren't the first controversies Ewing has faced with his businesses. Ewing had a pattern in which he borrowed heavily to open multiple businesses at the same time, clashed with investors seeking financial information and his businesses failed to pay state sales and beverage taxes already collected, a 2016 investigation by The Frontier and NewsOn6 found.
Over the past two years, Joe Momma's Pizza investors repeatedly asked Ewing for financial accountability and questioned what happened to insurance proceeds after the fire last year, according to emails obtained by The Frontier.
Four businesses in which Ewing had ownership — Legend's Dance Hall, The Max, The Fur Shop and The Phoenix Cafe — failed to pay the state more than $140,000 in sales and beverage taxes collected since 2010, records show.
Ziva Branstetter contributed to this story.
Your financial support for our investigative journalism is now tax deductible. To become a Friend of The Frontier, click here.
According to new data, it would appear that people tend to be fair and trusting in strangers for reasons that are different than the initially-suspected ones. In previous studies, it has been proposed that individuals tend to trust people they've just met on account of the fact that they unconsciously transferred feelings of kinship to them. The previous work established that, as society grew, this habit evolved to the point it reached today. But the new work proposes that existing marketplaces and the major religions play a much larger role in this phenomenon than they are credited for.
The paper also seems to suggest that deviant individuals – including thieves, pick-pockets and shoplifters – are not the norm, but the exception to the rule. For millions of years, our ancestors have lived in foraging groups made up of only a few individuals, most likely an extended family. It was therefore natural for everyone to know everyone, and contacts were easily established. With the emergence of the world's major religions, each of them promoting love for other people, these interactions were placed inside a new framework, which facilitated their development.
In other words, changes in the way societies were set up promoted a pro-social type of behavior, which eventually developed into our propensity for entertaining in conversations with strangers. “Measures of fairness toward anonymous others, in terms of motivations and beliefs, vary dramatically across human societies. And we can explain most of the variation between groups by the degree of market incorporation and the presence of a world religion,” says University of British Columbia (UBC) anthropologist Joseph Henrich, who was also the author of the new study. The work analyzed some 2,000 participants, pertaining to 15 different types of societies around the world.
“One of the things that might have occurred through cultural evolution to help build these larger groups, is the evolution of religious systems with supernatural agents that were in some sense police, concerned about those elements of behavior that would facilitate exchange and trade and harmonious groups, allowing groups to get larger and larger,” the author says. Details of the work appear in the March 19 issue of the respected publications Science, LiveScience reports.
THE GOODS
WHY WE LOVE IT
Creative Flexibility - Sketch out designs, import graphics, or create logos—you'll have the resources to bring any project to life.
Experienced Designer? - Enhance your work with Bezier editing tools, support for SVG files, full layer support and a host of other tools for graphic design pros.
Design Noob? - Don't worry, a help guide, drag and drop technology and over 300 pre-designed vector graphics will make your work look like you paid someone to do it.
Designs For Days - Pre-loaded with a full array of colors, shapes, backgrounds and more, the only thing you'll be limited by is your imagination.
300+ pre-designed vector graphics and royalty free images
120+ creative filters, backgrounds, and fill textures
15 commercial use fonts
Solid, text and artistic strokes, color palettes, and gradients
Detailed help guide
Boolean operations to create new shapes
Create text art and add text to any path
Full support for SVG files, including import and export
Knife, eraser, and blend tools
Full layer support
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS & LANGUAGES
OS: Mac OS X 10.5 or higher
RAM: 512MB
HD: 400MB Hard Disk Space
Let your imagination run wild and create stunning graphic designs or vector artwork for your business, website, or just for fun. It doesn't matter if you're a design pro or a complete beginner, Graphic Design Studio has the tools for every skill level to create web buttons, icons, logos, website graphics, cartoons, t-shirt designs, posters or anything else you can dream up.Any project, big or small, simple or complex, can be tackled with this software. Whether you need to import a logo or are looking to create a multi-layer design – Graphic Design Studio is a versatile application with the tools for the job.*SCREENSHOT* *SAMPLES*
Michael Jordan has always loved to do things on a grand scale and it's no surprise that his extraordinary home in Highland Park, Illinois is nothing short of stellar.
Dubbed as the Michael Jordan Estate, this incredible property features a jaw dropping three-story main house, with a guest wing, a top-of-the-line fitness studio, a private golf course, a tennis court and even its own fish pond.
The full-size NBA basketball court shouldn't come as a surprise and I'm sure you were expecting to see an impressive gym in Michael Jordan's home as well. Apart from all these amazing amenities, this superb estate also comes with nine bedrooms, fifteen bathrooms, five fireplaces and several rooms and spaces that will keep guests entertained.
These guest areas include a media room, a game room and a lovely outdoor space that has its own kitchen and infinity pool. This property could be considered a piece of sports history, since Michael Jordan lived here for years, in which time many of his high-profile friends graced the home with their presence.
The estate, which has been on the market since 2012, had been updated in 2009, with the fully fenced-in property promising the ultimate in privacy, serenity, and security. So, you've seen what the man is selling: you won't get his talent, but you'll get to live like Michael Jordan himself, if you can pay $14,855,000 for this mesmerizing property.
[image-62]
[image-78]
A Speedo-NASA partnership after the 2004 Olympics resulted in a swimsuit worthy of world records
When it comes to speed, whether you're racing in an Olympic swimming pool or flying in the air, drag is a force to reckon with. And NASA takes drag seriously: the Aeronautics Mission Directorate has for decades improved flight efficiency with its research in fluid dynamics.
For much of its aeronautics work, NASA uses wind tunnels, which give researchers a controlled environment to test materials and designs in conditions ranging from breezy to extreme. Though the physics of traveling through air and water share many properties, Langley Research Center's Stephen Wilkinson—an aerodynamics researcher who works with wind tunnels—never expected that he would test swimsuits when he joined NASA more than 30 years ago.
Built for Speed
Shortly after the 2004 Olympics, Los Angeles-based SpeedoUSA asked NASA to help design a swimsuit with reduced drag. According to Stuart Isaac, at the time Speedo's senior vice president of Team Sales and Sports Marketing, the idea of a Speedo-NASA partnership met with some skepticism. “People would look at us and say ‘this isn't rocket science' and we began to think, ‘well, actually, maybe it is.'”
A study conducted by Speedo's Aqualab research and development unit determined that viscous drag, or the friction one experiences when moving through the water, accounts for 25 percent of the total retarding force on a swimmer—a major concern in a sport where every hundredth of a second counts. To test materials that would best reduce drag, the company partnered with NASA and sent Wilkinson nearly 60 different fabrics to analyze using a small-scale wind tunnel at Langley. Thanks in part to Wilkinson's work, Speedo's Aqualab soon after designed what became the most efficient swimsuit ever made: the LZR Racer.
The LZR Racer was the first fully bonded, full-body swimsuit with ultrasonically welded seams. The process of fusing seams ultrasonically rather than overlapping and stitching fabric helped reduce drag by 6 percent. NASA also demonstrated that a low-profile zipper, ultrasonically bonded into the fabric and hidden inside the suit, generated 8 percent less drag in wind tunnel tests than a standard zipper.
Freestyle Innovation
Similar in style to a wetsuit, the original LZR Racer covered either some or all of the torso and legs, depending on the preference of the swimmer or the event it was being used for. The greater the coverage over the body, the more drag could be reduced.
Within a year of its release in early 2008, the LZR Racer achieved worldwide fame as the most successful swimsuit ever made. Within a month, athletes wearing the suit broke 13 world records. And at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, 98 percent of medal-winners in swimming competitions won while wearing an LZR Racer. Out of the 25 world records broken at that Olympics, 23 were accomplished by swimmers wearing the suit.
When nearly 20 more world records fell later that year at another international competition, the Fédération Internationale de Natation (FINA)—the international governing body of aquatic sports recognized by the International Olympic Committee—decided that the suit conferred too much of an advantage and changed its regulations regarding swimsuits so that the LZR Racer could not be worn in future competitions.
Speedo, undaunted by the ban, has continued to innovate using the same technology developed in part by its collaboration with NASA. The company has since released a line LZR Racer suits that comply with FINA's new regulations, which made their Olympic debut in London this year.
Speedo® and LZR Racer® are registered trademarks of Speedo Holdings B.V.
To learn more about this NASA spinoff, read the original article from Spinoff 2008.
I've been playing Skyrim again recently, and thanks to the wonders of modding, it is lookin' damned fine.
That's not to say it ever didn't look fine—when the game was released last November, it was a perfectly okay-looking game. A little rough around the edges in places, not the hottest textures in the world, but still. Considering its sheer scope and scale, it was amazing that it looked as good as it did.
But as anyone who's played past Bethesda games on PC can tell you, the incredibly active (and flat-out incredible) modding community ensures that the version of each game that's released is far from the "final" version. The mod-combination I've spent the last month or so tweaking combines graphical upgrades, audio enhancements, interface tweaks and new items and locations, yet keeps everything stable and smooth.
(Note: In case it isn't clear, we're talking PC here, not consoles. Sorry, console people. You're pretty much stuck with the original. Feel free, however, to read this post anyway, then go browse NewEgg and contemplate your next paycheck.)
I've found that when it comes to modding games like Skyrim, there's usually a grace period of a few months where it's wise to stay away from most user-created mods until their creators get the bugs sorted out. Shortly after Skyrim came out, there were already some easy ways to make it look better. But past that, I avoided most large mods.
Advertisement
Starting about a month ago, it's begun to feel like we're starting to enter the golden era for Skyrim mods. There are a freakin' TON of them available, and more come out every day. Better still, the Skyrim Nexus has become more accessible than ever, and the Steam Workshop is pretty keen, too. (I generally get my mods from the Nexus, but YMMV.)
Avoid The Plague of Save-Game Bloat! When I first started installing mods, I was bitten in the ass by save-game bloating. Basically, some mods can cause the size of your saved game to inflate to the point that you start getting regular hitching in your game—it'll start as a quick fraction of a second every minute or two, but as the save file increases in size, it'll quickly become a whole second long. Believe me, it feels like an eternity. After you install a bunch of new mods, play a couple of seconds, and save a new game file. Then, go into your save-game folder (ordinarily located in Documents>My Games>Skyrim>Saves) and check the file-size on the save you just made. Compare it to the one immediately preceding it—they should be more or less the exact same size. (Hopefully less than 10MB.) If you see that it's gotten larger by a MB or so, beware—you've got a mod that increases your save-file size. I wish I could say exactly which mods caused this, but it's very difficult to diagnose. It was Dynavision for me, but others have reported that that mod works fine. I recommend just checking your saves every so often. It's a real bummer to make your game look amazing and then lose progress due to a messed up save file.
Advertisement
I'm not some mod expert, and I'm not a graphical hot-rodder. I also don't think of this list as "complete" or anything—there are so many great mods out there that I'll never try them all.
I'm not afraid to hop into an .ini file and make tweaks, but as a general rule I like to avoid it. I don't want to get under the hood to the degree that Duncan does over at Dead End Thrills, but at the same time, I've got my version of the game looking almost as good as his, minus his insane draw-distance.
Some of the more intense mods make the game very crashy, which I'm not into. My priority is still on playing the game, not looking at it, so if a mod starts making my game crash or kills my performance, I remove it. So when I say "as awesome as computationally possible," I mean while remaining stable.
Advertisement
All of these mods except one can be applied with the Skyrim Nexus's fantastic Nexus Mod Manager app. Just download them through the app, fire them up, and you're good to go.
Before we start, a few mods I don't use: I use a controller and play on a TV, so I don't use Sky UI, but it's really great. I also don't use Dynavision even though I really liked it—I have yet to install it and not get save-game bloat. (See sidebar.)
I don't like the mods that hugely overhaul gameplay, so even though I enjoyed WARZONES: Civil Unrest, it wound up kinda getting in my way too much. I find Dragons to actually be fairly challenging much of the time, so I've yet to feel the need to install Deadly Dragons, though some recent extreme armor and weapon maxing I've done might finally make me want to make the game harder. Finally, I don't use the Realistic Lighting mod, as I think it makes things a little too dark. If that's your thing though, it's a very neat mod.
Advertisement
Okay! Here we go. My preferred Skyrim mods, with thoughts on why I dig them like I do.
FXAA Injector
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one operates outside of the mod manager—but, it's a snap to install. I go with level 2 for the settings.
Advertisement
The Official HD Texture Pack
Steam Link
This one probably goes without saying, but it makes the game look much better if you're running at 1080p or higher.
Advertisement
Quality World Map with Roads
Skyrim Nexus Link
A great mod that makes the world-map much clearer and easier to read while adding roads. There are also options for a cloth-style map, and you can opt to show all roads or just the main ones. I go with main ones, since I still like to explore.
Advertisement
Better Dynamic Snow
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one improves the look of snow once it's fallen on the ground. One of many smaller mods that adds up to make the game much better-looking without hurting performance.
Advertisement
Categorized Favorites Menu
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one lets me view my favorites menu broken into different categories, which makes it much easier to pick and choose among my many awesome weapons, shouts, and potions.
Advertisement
Cloaks of Skyrim
Skyrim Nexus Link
I love this one. Basically, it adds a bunch of cloaks to the world, which look good and feel "right." What is a nordic fantasy world without cloaks? Who knows. Better still, it gives you one more enchantable article of clothing, which lets you make your character a bit more powerful.
Advertisement
It looks good with my archery-enhancing cowl, too.
Crimson Tide - Blood
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one's pretty sweet, though it may be too over-the-top for some. It makes the blood in the game much more visible, and splatters blood on your screen when you take damage. I dig it.
Advertisement
Elvenwood
Skyrim Nexus Link
This mod adds a cool tree-village south of Helgen. Something like the Ewok village, I suppose. Neato.
Advertisement
Enhanced Distant Terrain
Skyrim Nexus Link
Enhanced distant terrain makes far-off places look sharper, thanks to some visual slight-of-hand. Doesn't seem to have any real effect on performance, either.
Advertisement
Enhanced Night Skyrim
Skyrim Nexus Link
I am a huge fan of this one, and it's been around for a while now. It adds all sorts of lovely stars to the Skyrim sky at night, and really pops off when the Aurora comes out.
Advertisement
Possessive Corpses no more lazy zombies and shy nirnroots
Skyrim Nexus Link
Yes, that's the actual name of this mod. What it does is keep the world from expanding too hard once you've killed a lot of people—it keeps the world from tracking too many arrows and possessions, and will help fight save-game bloat.
Advertisement
WATER - Water And Terrain Enhancement Redux
Skyrim Nexus Link
Our first update to this list—OpticShooter has put out this new mod, which is an update to "Realistic Water Textures and Terrain," which I'd been using. It's much better and has a ton of cool options. Looks great, too. Plus now your character gets wet in water!
Advertisement
Lush Grass and Trees
Skyrim Nexus Link - Grass
Skyrim Nexus Link - Trees
A simple mod that doubles the amount of grass and pine-tree textures, making forests in particular look really nice. Lush, you could say.
Advertisement
Skyrim Flora Overhaul
Skyrim Nexus Link
This mod subtly changes the textures for a ton of the plants and trees in the game to make them look much better. It's a subtle thing, but you'll definitely notice it, especially if you hold a modded version up against an unmodded or console version of the game.
Advertisement
Sounds of Skyrim: Dungeons and Wilds
Skyrim Nexus Link - Wilds
Skyrim Nexus Link - Dungeons
These are both great mods that add a lot of ambient sounds to the game. They do sometimes distract, since the audio design of Skyrim is already very good, but in general I like hearing more birds, bees, and wolves in the wilds. I should note that once, I had the game crash to desktop every time I entered a particular dungeon until I deactivated the Dungeons mod. But I've never had any other problems.
Advertisement
Xenius Character Enhancement
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one's another slow burner that you'll notice over time—it makes all of the faces in the game look much, much better. I prefer it to the more radical overhauls like Better Females by Bella, since it stays true to the original design of the characters but just makes them better-looking.
Advertisement
Faster Vanilla Horses
Skyrim Nexus Link
It's just what you'd think—it makes the horses in the game much less painfully slow, and therefore much more usable. Horseback is a great way to ride around the game after you've been modding, as well!
Advertisement
Static Mesh Improvement Mod
Skyrim Nexus Link
This is another large overhaul mod, one that improves the way that a ton of small objects in the world look. Like the Flora Overhaul, it's one that you might not notice all the time, but in certain scenes (particular indoors) you'll realize that the game simply looks… better than it did.
Advertisement
The Dance of Death
Skyrim Nexus Link
This one's just for fun, but I like Skyrim's kill animations (even the janky ones.) So, I like The Dance of Death, which gives you the ability to cast a spell that dictates how often you'll do killmoves and how they'll look. It's compatible with the new killmoves added in the recent update, and it's a lot of fun.
Advertisement
So, there you have it—all of the mods that I use in Skyrim. Like I said, it's not a comprehensive list; there are some that I've tried and gotten rid of, and others that I'm sure I've just not heard of. If you've got good suggestions or modding tips, I'd love to read 'em in the comments.
Advertisement
At some point, I'm sure that this list will require updating; if and when that happens, I might re-publish an updated version of it. But as of today, it's my current version of Skyrim.
I continue to be flabbergasted by how much there is to do in this game. Can you believe: I've still not finished the main storyline? I got set back a few quests by having to load an old save due to mod-bloating, and have still just not really gone and finished the main quest. I've finished so, so many quests, completed several of the guilds, logged so many hours... and still there's more to do.
Soon, I'm sure we'll be hearing about DLC. And thanks to all of the incredible modders at The Skyrim Nexus, we'll get to play that DLC on a version of Skyrim that's significantly superior to the one that Bethesda released.
Advertisement
This is why studios and publishers should embrace modders rather than attempting to regulate them or lock them out. A huge round of applause to all the modders whose hard work has served to make Skyrim a more beautiful place and Skyrim a better game.
(First and last image credit | Duncan Harris /Dead End Thrills)
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
CELLAR DWELLER | Esh Plays Until Dawn | PART 4
Upload date:
October 10 2017
Uploaded by:
FictionAddiction
Video description:
SUPPORT ME ON PATREON: www.patreon.com/fictionaddiction/ TEXT Got any suggestions for future games? Let me know in the comments! And if you want to send me anything, feel free to do so via the username "Eshbaal" on Steam. If you enjoyed this video, please give it a like, comment and subscribe. It really helps me out if you do! --- Follow me on these social media for instant updates! Twitch - https://www.twitch.tv/eshbaal Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/fictionaddic... Twitter - https://twitter.com/FicAddictShow Tumblr - https://eshbaal.tumblr.com --- You can contact Esh on headframefilms@gmail.com, here on Youtube, or any of the above venues. Intro and channel graphics by animator Victor Pierce - www.youtube.com/user/montifus See you later! #eshbaal #fictionaddiction #untildawn #letsplay #let'splay #letsplayuntildawn #horror #horrorgame #videogames #halloween
Total views:
41
Cellular carriers may be looking into the data equivalent of 800 numbers to lighten the financial burden of data on customers, the Wall Street Journal reported today. A representative from AT&T said at Mobile World Congress on Tuesday that a new feature would allow app makers, rather than customers, to accept responsibility for data, so that the data usage for that app would not be reflected in the customers' bills. While this would provide some relief for users, it's also an attempt to deflect calls to raise or do away with data usage caps.
John Donovan, senior executive vice president of AT&T's technology and network operations, told the WSJ that the system would be similar to the way toll-free phone numbers work. When customers call an 800 number, long-distance charges and other fees don't apply to them, and costs of the call become the burden of the service called. With this new data system, which Donovan hopes will roll out sometime next year, companies with data-heavy services could assume similar responsibility for the data their customers use.
Data offloading to companies could be a boon for streaming music services like Pandora, Rdio, or Spotify, which have loyal customers who use their apps regularly to play multiple gigabytes of music per month. When asked about the prospect of paying for customers' data usage, an Rdio representative told Ars, "Rdio's solution is for users to mitigate their data usage by using the app offline or using WiFi."
There are yet bigger data hogs that might benefit, too. If video streaming services like Hulu Plus or Netflix assumed responsibility for data charges, customers wouldn't have to be cautious about their movie- or TV-watching while on the road with only a 3G or 4G connection at hand.
The customers who could take advantage of such offloading are definitely the minority: as research by Tested has shown, most day-to-day apps don't consume all that much data, with most taking up a few dozen megabytes per month.
Still, even being able to offload a single frequently-used app like Google Maps (about 60MB a month) could be the difference between scraping by on the lowest data tiers, like AT&T's 300MB per month for $20, and having to spring for the larger data chunks—AT&T's next tier up is 3GB per month for $30. It could also help prevent overage charges, like Verizon's $10 charge for every gigabyte beyond the monthly allotment, and help customers holding onto unlimited plans avoid the throttling carriers have started to apply for the heaviest users.
Of course, Google's Maps app is a tool that most people would willingly give up portions of their data to use, but competitors offering different services might be interested in drawing attention their way by offering offloaded data. Tested estimates that streaming music from Pandora for an hour each day amounts to about 1.8GB a month; another music service that promised it would let you stream all the gigabytes you wanted but would never send a bill for those gigabytes to your carrier might win over more than a few customers. (Update: A representative from Pandora contacted Ars stating that at 64kbps, an hour of streaming would use 872MB per month. Tested's estimate includes album art and advertisements.)
WSJ also raises the question of net neutrality with regard to data offloading, saying that it would "shift the playing field" toward app developers that can afford to foot customers' data bills. The system decidedly favors the finally secure over the unstable; whether it amounts to a "restriction" of the less financially capable companies under the net neutrality rules would be open for debate.
As always, carriers are not proposing a new plan just to accomodate people who want to listen to Pandora while they make dinner. On the part of the carriers, shifting the responsibility for data costs would help them keep the data caps that they've been so fond of lately. Dealing with customers who use lots of data by throttling them, particularly on unlimited plans, has proven to be an ineffective strategy; by turning around and charging someone else for that data, carriers can keep earning money without having to raise caps.
Harold Feld, legal director of Public Knowledge, notes that carriers have declined to prove data caps are anything other than an attempt to create artificial scarcity. "Letting [app] developers pay for overages allows AT&T to monetize scarcity and hide the true cost from consumers—reducing their willingness to switch to providers that actually invest in networks," writes Feld.
Gweneth Bateman had a problem that many girls and women experience online. If a boy messaged her with a compliment – on Twitter, Tinder, or elsewhere – and she didn't reply, they'd criticise her for not replying.
"If a guy messages me I usually don't reply because most of the time they are complete strangers to me," she told BuzzFeed News. "When they don't get a reply out of me it usually ends up with them calling me 'rude' or a 'bitch'.
The 18-year-old said most of the boys who criticised her felt they were owed a response and that she should be grateful for the compliment.
So she decided to run an experiment she'd seen on Tumblr: If a boy messaged her with a compliment, she would reply with a warmer, nicer answer, agreeing with and accepting the comment.
Here were some of the examples that herself and other women ( who shared their images on Tumblr ) received when they started accepting their compliments:
"As predicted the response is still the same: hateful," the West Midlands student said.
"I've received an incredible amount of both support and negative responses for this, from insults to people telling me they hope I get cancer," she told BuzzFeed.
Bateman said the responses that she and other women had received perfectly showed how uncomfortable boys are "when women own their own awesomeness".
"The response to the tweet has been mostly negative," she said. "I think this is because when faced with information that they dislike, people feel the need to lash out.
On Tumblr, 22-year-old student Katie Smith added: "For many men, beauty, coolness, [and] desirability are gifts they alone can bestow upon women. They get baffled, even aggressive when you show you've known you possess those things all along."
Samsung SmartThings Platform Latest To Highlight Internet Of Things Security Is A Joke
from the just-buy-a-dog dept
"Broadly, this part of the attack involves getting a victim to click on a link that points to the authentic SmartThings domain with only the redirect_uri portion of the link replaced with an attacker controlled domain. The victim should not suspect anything since the URL indeed takes the victim to the genuine HTTPS login page of SmartThings. Once the victim logs in to the real SmartThings Web page, SmartThings automatically redirects to the specified redirect URI with a 6 character codeword. At this point, the attacker can complete the OAuth flow using the codeword and the client ID and secret pair obtained from the third-party app's bytecode independently."
"We found that SmartApps were significantly overprivileged: (a) 55% of SmartApps did not use all the rights to device operations that their requested capabilities implied; and (b) 42% of SmartApps were granted capabilities that were not explicitly requested or used. In many of these cases, overprivilege was unavoidable, due to the device-level authorization design of the capability model and occurred through no fault of the developer. Worryingly, we have observed that 68 existing SmartApps are already taking advantage of the overprivilege to provide extra features, without requesting the relevant capabilities.
"The potential vulnerabilities disclosed in the report are primarily dependent on two scenarios - the installation of a malicious SmartApp or the failure of third party developers to follow SmartThings guidelines on how to keep their code secure," a SmartThings representative said. "Following this report, we have updated our documented best practices to provide even better security guidance to developers."
Stop us if you've heard this one before: a new study has found that the "Internet of Things" may bring some added convenience, but at the high price of severe security vulnerabilities. Researchers at the University of Michigan say they've uncovered (pdf) some major new vulnerabilities in Samsung's SmartThings platform that could allow an attacker to unlock doors, modify home access codes, create false smoke detector alarms, or put security and automation devices into vacation mode. Researchers say this can be done by tricking users into either installing a malicious app from the SmartThings store, or by clicking a malicious link.The URL attack relies on SmartThings' flawed implementation of the OAuth authentication protocol. In short, a malicious URL can be used to trick the consumer into giving up his login tokens without the slightest indication anything has gone wrong, but providing an attacker with the ability to create his own backdoor -- into your front door:If the malicious URL approach isn't used, attackers can also rely on tricking consumers into downloading a malicious app that -- for example -- might claim to offer you insight into device battery consumption, but can actually also give an attacker the keys to your kingdom. This is in part, the researchers note, due to the fact that 42% of over 500 apps in the SmartThings store are are given significantly more system privileges than they actually need to accomplish the task at hand:As is pretty standard behavior in the Internet of Things space, Samsung was quick to downplay the problems in a statement to the media and throw developers under the bus (despite the report clearly outlining Samsung's responsibility):The problem is the report clearly notes that neither of these two scenarios is all that unlikely. In an admittedly small survey of 22 SmartThings users, the study found that 91% would let a battery monitoring app check the status of their smart lock. But quite justly, just 14% of those polled believed that providing such access would somehow involve the app being able to send door access codes to a remote server. The study, and Samsung's reaction to it, is just another example of how if youwant a smart and secure home, "dumber" solutions -- like dead bolts and a dog -- remain the more intelligent option.
Filed Under: hacking, internet of things, security, smartthings
Companies: samsung
Viacom, parent of networks including MTV and Nickelodeon, launched TV ads this week urging its viewers to call customer service at cable company Spectrum ahead of a deadline that may result in a costly blackout for 16.6 million customers.
The current deal between Spectrum parent Charter Communications and Viacom, expires Oct. 15. The looming deadline prompted Viacom to issue a statement on Wednesday warning of a possible disruption because distribution talks between the two companies had stalled..
The warning spooked investors, who pushed shares of Viacom (viab) down 3% to $24.45 in midday trading.
The negotiations with Charter come at a delicate time for Viacom, which is in the midst of a turnaround plan to improve ratings and ad revenue under CEO Bob Bakish, who took on his role last year.
Like its peers, Viacom is struggling to keep viewers as more people watch shows on smartphones and tablets. Six of the largest U.S pay TV providers posted a total of 723,000 subscriber losses during the past quarter. Of that total, Charter reported 90,000 subscriber losses.
Viacom could lose $760 million, or 16 percent, of its annual affiliate revenue, if Charter drops all 23 of its channels, said Brett Harriss, an analyst at Gabelli & Co, the second largest owner of voting shares of Viacom after Sumner Redstone.
On Wednesday night, Viacom started running ads on Nickelodeon, MTV, Comedy Central and BET, featuring talent for each network warning viewers of the possible disruption in service and urging them to call Spectrum.
The New York-based media company has also launched a site, “keepviacom.com.” Tens of thousands of viewers have called Spectrum to complain, Viacom said.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
A Charter spokesman declined to comment.
Despite the high stakes for Viacom, investors seem optimistic that Charter and Viacom will reach a deal.
“Viacom has 15-20 percent of all cable viewership,” said Sal Muoio, whose firm is the 10th largest owner of controlling shares of Viacom. “You would think Charter would want them.”
Still, the dispute points to the need for Viacom to gain scale. Perhaps Viacom should revisit a merger with CBS, which the two explored last year, said Harriss.
In remarks last week, controlling shareholder Shari Redstone alluded to the importance of scale when asked about merging CBS and Viacom.
We sometimes think of evolution as a thing of the past, but it continues today, especially as environmental pressures force humans and animals to adapt to survive. Here, a few examples of animals evolving in real-time.
1. The lizard with extra sticky feet
The native green lizards that occupy the lower branches and trunks of Florida's trees got a rude awakening when their invasive cousins, the brown lizards, moved in. Faced with limited resources and double the competition, the green lizards made a move: they abandoned the lower branches for the treetops. Up there, the limbs are thinner and smoother, so the green lizards' bodies had to adapt to the environmental shift. To better cling to the smooth branches, their toepads grew bigger and their scales got stickier—in just 15 years and about 20 generations. “The degree and quickness with which they evolved was surprising," said Yoel Stuart, a postdoctoral researcher in the College of Natural Sciences at The University of Texas at Austin and lead author of the study. "If human height were evolving as fast as these lizards' toes, the height of an average American man would increase from about 5 foot 9 inches today to about 6 foot 4 inches within 20 generations."
2. The shrimp that lost its eyes
In the process of evolutionary change, you either use it or you lose it—and this is certainly true for a group of cave-dwelling crustaceans. These crabs and shrimp live underground where there is no light, and the sense of sight doesn't do much good. As a result, they've gone blind, relying on smell and touch to navigate the cavernous depths. When researchers compared the brains of these spelunkers to their land-dwelling relatives, they found that not only are these creatures sightless, they're actually losing the parts of their brains associated with vision. Meanwhile, the areas that control touch and smell are getting bigger. "It's a nice example of life conditions changing the neuroanatomy," the study's lead author, Dr. Martin Stegner, from the University of Rostock in Germany, told the BBC. It's taken about 200 million years for the brain changes to occur, which may not seem “rapid,” but as the Washington Post's Rachel Feltman says, it's “a relatively short time, in the evolutionary scheme of things.”
3. The owls that are changing color
Climate change is forcing many animals to adapt to survive. The tawny owl in Finland is a good example. These creatures come in two colors, brown or pale grey. The cold white winters have traditionally favored the grey owls, which can hide from predators by blending into a snowy color scheme. But as the winters have become more mild over the last 50 years, researchers noticed a shift: grey owls are on the decline and the brown birds are thriving, better suited to blending into the bare brown branches of the forest. As more brown owls survive, more brown genes get passed down through generations. Until now, the researchers say, “an evolutionary response to a quantified selection pressure driven by climate change has not been empirically demonstrated in a wild population.”
4. The fish that's migrating earlier
Climate change is also the driving force behind a recent behavioral shift in pink salmon. As water temperatures rise, the fish are migrating from the ocean to the river to spawn about two weeks earlier than they did 40 years ago. And this isn't just a new behavior—it's actually a change at the genetic level. Between the 1980s and 2011, the number of late-migrating salmon declined by 20 percent, according to Ryan Kovach, a population ecologist at the University of Alaska in Fairbanks. The change happened over just one or two generations, which suggests organisms can adapt to climate change very quickly. “We show that there has been a genetic shift towards earlier migration timing through what appears to be natural selection against the late-migrating individuals in the population,” Kovach says.
5. The bedbugs with super-strength
Unfortunately, our long-running battle with these bed-hopping pests has backfired, producing bedbugs with thicker shells and nerve cells of steel to resist the harsh chemicals we lob at them. Bedbugs in New York City are now 250 times more resistant to pesticides than the bedbugs in Florida, according to researchers at the University of Massachusetts in Amherst. "Insect resistance is nothing more than sped-up evolution," says insect toxicologist John Clark.
6. The mouse that's immune to poison
Bad news for anyone with a fear of mice: researchers have discovered a house mouse with an immunity to Warfarin, a type of poison typically deployed to fight infestations. The super mice were discovered in Germany, where the lowly house mouse bred with its poison-resistant distant cousin the Algerian mouse. The result? A hybrid mouse with a very useful genetic mutation that gives it a leg up over its rodent relatives. Usually hybrid animals can't reproduce, but "sometimes there is the occasional odd hybrid that has just about the right novel combination of genomes from two species that renders them, at least temporarily, superior over the pure species," says the study's lead author Michael Kohn. “We've caught evolution in the act.”
All images courtesy of iStock unless otherwise noted.
AGL Macquarie Pty Ltd (AGL Macquarie), which operates the Bayswater power station near Muswellbrook, has been fined $15,000 by the NSW Environment Protection Authority (EPA) after a discharge of fly ash into Bayswater Creek. On December 21, 2015, AGL Macquarie advised the EPA that a pipeline used to transfer fly ash from Bayswater power station to Ravensworth mining complex had partially failed. The EPA's inspection on December 21 and subsequent investigation found that the environmental harm was minimal with a relatively small volume of fly ash released. The EPA manager for the Hunter Region, Adam Gilligan, said AGL Macquarie responded quickly to the spill by stopping the flow of ash and arranging for the clean-up of Bayswater Creek. “AGL Macquarie's swift response has likely minimised the environmental impact in this instance, however this is the third incident involving inadequate environmental controls at the site in 2016,” he said. “As a result, the penalty notice has been determined as an appropriate regulatory response.” Fly ash is one of the combustion products from coal-fired power stations. It is composed of the fine particles that are driven out of the boiler with the flue gases. The fly ash is collected and then disposed of in ash dams, although some is used in the cement industry. Mr Gilligan said it was important to manage fly ash carefully because spillages can cause impacts on the environment, including impacts within creek and stream systems. “These impacts can include the smothering of aquatic environments from the ash and impacts from the release of contaminants such as salt and suspended and dissolved metals,” he said. In addition to the $15,000 fine, the EPA has issued an Official Caution to AGL Macquarie in relation to the incident on December 21, 2015, for not operating equipment (the ash transfer line) in a proper and efficient manner. Mr Gilligan said the EPA would consider imposing a Pollution Reduction Program on AGL Macquarie's Environment Protection Licence. “To prevent this type of incident in the future, the EPA understands that AGL is considering installing a leak detection system as well as secondary containment structures for the areas of the pipeline that cross sensitive areas,” he said. “The EPA will consider imposing these measures in a legally binding Pollution Reduction Program.”
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/QrPjvAmFyFx7rZY2Spt2YZ/539f7cb8-f895-430d-9dd8-892db8741fbe.jpg/r6_121_2356_1449_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
Sam Wilson grew up in a tough Harlem neighborhood. His father, a minister, had been killed trying to stop a fight. Sam did his best to try and do the right thing, but his grief and anger eventually led him down a criminal path. He took on the name of "Snap" Wilson while working for the mob. After an assignment, on the way to Rio de Janeiro, Sam's plane crashed on a remote Caribbean island named Exile where the Red Skull and his henchmen were hiding out. The Red Skull sought to use Wilson as a pawn to attack Captain America (who was currently on the island) with. He used the Cosmic Cube to revert 'Snap' into Sam, and give him the ability to telepathically communicate with birds, especially a bird that Wilson had bought named Redwing. After their initial skirmish, Cap was able to shake Wilson of the Skull's programming. Together they defeated the Skull, and the Falcon became Cap's partner for a long time. The Falcon ultimately left as Cap's partner when he was named the leader of the S.H.I.E.L.D. Super-Agents. Later, as one of the few black superheroes active, he was drafted to join the Avengers by Henry Peter Gyrich to fill a quota. Resenting being a "token," he quit at the first opportunity. Later, again as the Falcon, Wilson received help from the Black Panther, who created a harness for Wilson, allowing him to fly.[1] When Rogers briefly abandoned his Captain America identity, others attempted to take up the mantle, including a young man named Roscoe whom the Falcon mentored. When the Red Skull eventually killed Roscoe, Rogers again became Captain America.[2] Joaquín Torres
(Currently Falcon)
New Hampshire Presidential primary preference: New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Feb
2-3 Feb
3-4 Feb
4-5 Feb
5-6 Feb
6-7 Feb
7-8 Bush 8% 8% 8% 9% 9% 9% Carson 2% 2% 2% 1% 1% 1% Christie 6% 6% 5% 5% 6% 8% Cruz 12% 12% 9% 9% 10% 10% Fiorina 2% 2% 2% 2% 3% 3% Gilmore - - - - - - Kasich 13% 14% 17% 17% 16% 17% Rubio 14% 15% 16% 17% 16% 14% Trump 34% 36% 34% 31% 30% 33% Other * * * * * * Unecided 7% 6% 6% 8% 9% 6% Read this table down
*= Less than 1/2 of 1% - = None ni = Not included
New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Dec
2015 Jan
7-10 Jan
15-18 Jan
23-25 Jan
29-31 Bush 7% 8% 8% 8% 9% Carson 6% 2% 2% 2% 2% Christie 12% 10% 9% 8% 6% Cruz 10% 9% 9% 12% 10% Fiorina 5% 3% 2% 3% 2% Gilmore - - - - - Huckabee * 1% 1% 1% - Kasich 13% 14% 20% 17% 16% Pataki * ni ni ni ni Paul 4% 4% 5% 2% 2% Rubio 15% 14% 10% 9% 11% Santorum * 1% 1% 1% 1% Trump 21% 25% 27% 31% 34% Other * * 1% 1% 1% Undecided 5% 8% 7% 6% 6% Read this table down
*= Less than 1/2 of 1% - = None ni = Not included
Preference by party registration: New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Republicans (59%) Undeclared (41%) Bush 12% 7% Carson 1% 2% Christie 9% 6% Cruz 10 10% Fiorina 4% 3% Gilmore - - Kasich 15% 20% Rubio 13% 16% Trump 32% 34% Other * * Undecided 6% 6% Preference by age: New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters 18 to 49 (39%) 50 and older (61%) Bush 7% 11% Carson 2% 1% Christie 7% 8% Cruz 12% 8% Fiorina 3% 3% Gilmore - - Kasich 15% 18% Rubio 15% 13% Trump 36% 31% Other * * Undecided 6% 6% Preference by sex:
New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Male (55%) Female (45%) Bush 8% 11% Carson 1% 1% Christie 8% 8% Cruz 12% 7% Fiorina 2% 5% Gilmore - - Kasich 16% 18% Rubio 14% 14% Trump 36% 30% Other * * Undecided 6% 6%
Preference by likely to vote: New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Definite - 10 (91%) Probably - 7-9 (9%) Bush 9% 14% Carson 1% 3% Christie 8% 3% Cruz 10% 5% Fiorina 3% 4% Gilmore - - Kasich 17% 20% Rubio 14% 16% Trump 33% 31% Other * * Undecided 6% 4% Preference by type of contact: New Hampshire Likely Republican
Primary Voters Landline (61%) Cell phone/other (39%) Bush 10% 9% Carson 2% 1% Christie 8% 8% Cruz 10% 10% Fiorina 3% 3% Gilmore - - Kasich 17% 17% Rubio 14% 14% Trump 32% 35% Other * * Undecided 7% 5% About this Survey - Survey Sponsor: American Research Group, Inc. The American Research Group has been conducting surveys of voters since 1985. Sample Size: 418 completed telephone interviews among a random sample of likely Republican primary voters living in New Hampshire (248 Republicans and 170 undeclared voters (independents)). Sample Dates: February 7-8, 2016 Margin of Error: ± 5 percentage points, 95% of the time, on questions where opinion is evenly split. Question Wording: If the 2016 Republican presidential preference primary were being held today between (names rotated) Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, Carly Fiorina, Jim Gilmore, John Kasich, Marco Rubio, and Donald Trump, for whom would you vote? Using a scale of 1 to 10, with 1 meaning that you will definitely not vote in the 2016 Republican presidential preference primary and 10 meaning that you will definitely vote in the 2016 Republican presidential preference primary, what number would you give as your chance of voting in the 2016 Republican presidential preference primary?
For the first time in the program's history, Rutgers has won the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy.
What, exactly, is the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy?
Established in 1936 by something called the Eastern College Athletic Conference, the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy attempts to crown the best college football team in the Eastern portion of the United States, primarily New York, New Jersey, New England and Pennsylvania, while teams in the surrounding areas become eligible by playing at least half their games against Eastern teams. For instance, Cincinnati won the 2012 title.
The Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy probably carried much more meaning in 1936 than it does today, when the game is more streamlined and nearly every game is on national television, meaning no one needs to be told who the East's best team is. Still, for a program with no national championships and four conference championships in college football's modern era, winning a regional championship likely carries more meaning than at, say, Penn State.
Speaking of Penn State, the Nitanny Lions figured to be Rutgers' top competition considering they beat the Scarlet Knights back in September and downed Boston College in the Pinstripe Bowl. But Rutgers finished one game ahead of Penn State (8-5 vs. 7-6) thanks to a blowout of North Carolina in the Quick Lane Bowl.
“To bring the Lambert-Meadowlands Trophy home to the state of New Jersey is very exciting for the program,” said Rutgers head coach Kyle Flood in a statement. “It is an honor to be named the top team in the East.”
Penn State owns – by far – the most Lambert-Meadowlands titles with 29, including the 2013 crown. Army stands in second at seven, but have not won the trophy since since 1958.
Image caption Sgt Emile Cilliers denies attempting to murder Victoria Cilliers
An Army sergeant tried to kill his wife by removing parts of her parachute, causing her to spin thousands of feet to the ground, a court has heard.
Emile Cilliers, 37, is accused of two counts of attempted murder of Victoria Cilliers who survived the jump on 5 April 2015.
Winchester Crown Court heard Ms Cilliers suffered multiple injuries.
Mr Cilliers, who denies all charges, wanted to leave his wife for a lover he had met on Tinder, prosecutors said.
It is also claimed that just days before the jump, on 29 March 2015, the defendant tried to kill Ms Cilliers, 40, by deliberately causing a gas leak in the family home while he stayed away.
Image copyright Wiltshire Police Image caption Police evidence showed the kitchen cupboard where the gas leak occurred (large arrow)
Prosecutor Michael Bowes QC said that on the night of the gas leak Mr Cilliers had left his wife at their home in Amesbury, Wiltshire, to stay at his Army barracks in Aldershot, Hampshire.
He said the following morning Ms Cilliers contacted her husband complaining of a gas smell coming from a kitchen cupboard next to the oven.
She noticed dried blood on the fitting which was later found to be a full DNA match to her husband, the court was told.
The jury was told the Royal Army Physical Training Corps sergeant lied to his lover, Stefanie Glover, that he was leaving his wife because she was having an affair and he was not the father of one of their children.
Mr Bowes QC said Mr Cilliers was also having an affair with his ex-wife Carly Cilliers.
He told the court the defendant had debts of £22,000 and believed he would receive a £120,000 life insurance payout on his wife's death.
Image copyright PA Image caption Emile Cilliers made up lies about his wife having an affair, the court heard
Mr Bowes QC said Ms Cilliers was a highly experienced parachutist and instructor but when she jumped out of the plane 4,000ft (1,200m) above Netheravon Airfield in Wiltshire "both her main parachute and her reserve parachute failed".
"Those attending at the scene expected to find her dead, although she was badly injured, almost miraculously she survived the fall.
"Those at the scene immediately realised that something was seriously wrong with her reserve parachute, two vital pieces of equipment which fasten the parachute harness were missing," he said.
Image copyright PA Image caption Police picture of the gas pipe which Sgt Cilliers allegedly tampered with
The day before the failed jump the couple had visited Netheravon together, the court heard.
While there Mr Cilliers collected a hire parachute for his wife and took it into the men's toilets at the base, where he is alleged to have tampered with it.
Mr Bowes QC said: "It's heavy, it's bulky, there is absolutely no reason to take it in there at all.
"The weather was so poor that afternoon that Victoria couldn't jump, the cloud base was too low."
The court heard that Mr Cilliers then arranged to keep the equipment overnight in his wife's locker, a move that was against normal procedure.
He added that at the time of the murder attempts, Mr Cilliers was leaving his wife and treated her with "callousness and contempt".
The third allegation, which Mr Cilliers also denies, is damaging a gas fitting, reckless to endangerment of life.
The trial continues.
Following its Retina iPad update just three weeks ago, the Zynga-owned Draw Something by OMGPOP has once again been updated with big changes to its appearance. The latest version of Draw Something introduces a major redesign to both its gameplay and its shop structure. Draw Something's home screen now divides your games into two groups in accordance to whose turn it is: yours or your playmate's. Also, a relative timestamp is now displayed for each game. Specifically, game expiration is indicated for an inactive game, notifying you of a weeks-old game's imminent demise. Onto the game proper, special words from over 30 categories, e.g. insults, video games, and fashion, are now available for you to draw. You'd have to spend two bombs to be able to pick a special word, but the upside to this is that each special word comes with a reward of five coins. As for the shop, it has been revamped to display all the bomb packs and color bundles you can purchase with your coin stash. Now playable in 13 languages besides English, Draw Something by OMGPOP is available in the App Store for $2.99 An ad-supported version of the game is also available for free. Are you still eagerly playing Draw Something? Or have most of your games expired, as have at least five of mine?
Dante Gabriel Rossetti called his smouldering red-haired nude Venus Verticordia – Venus the heart turner – and she did just that, turning the critic John Ruskin away from his friendship and admiration for the artist.
“Ruskin said it was the roses he objected to, but I think it's clear it's the heady sensuality of the picture he couldn't cope with at all – it's well known that Ruskin had a problem with nudes,” said Simon Toll, a specialist at Sotheby's, where the painting will go on sale in December.
“And there's no doubt that the roses are very fleshy, like the licking tongues of the honeysuckle, which is just how Rossetti wanted them.”
Ruskin's troubled sex life is the focus of Effie Gray, a new film written by and co-starring Emma Thompson. About to open in London, it charts his disastrous unconsummated marriage. There are various versions of the story, but some believe he was revolted by Effie's body hair – so different from the marble classical nudes he had admired. She left him for the artist John Everett Millais, and they had eight children.
Rossetti had taken particular trouble over painting the flowers, including having out-of-season roses shipped from France.
Ruskin said nothing about the naked breast in the piece but savaged the roses, describing them in a letter to the artist as “awful in their coarseness”. Another friend, Graham Robertson, responded: “Of course roses have got themselves talked about from time to time, but really, if one were to listen to scandal about flowers, gardening would become impossible.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dante Gabriel Rossetti, right, arm in arm with John Ruskin as William Bell Scott looks at them. Photograph: Hulton Archive/Getty Images
The painting is a watercolour version of an oil painting in the collection of the Russell-Cotes Art Gallery & Museum in Bournemouth. Rossetti had already sold the oil painting when William Graham, the Glasgow industrialist and MP who was a major patron of the pre-Raphaelite artists, admired it, and so painted him the watercolour.
The model was Alexa Wilding, whom Rossetti stopped on the Strand in London, fascinated by her beauty. He eventually persuaded her to model and even invited her to spend a Christmas at his shared country retreat, Kelmscott Manor, with his mother and sister. However, he found her conversation so dull that he wrote he wished he could shut her in a cupboard except when he was painting her.
Wilding was regarded by the other artists as extremely respectable, and only Venus's head was hers. The naked body belonged to a cook – described by a friend as a giant who was well over 6ft tall – who was persuaded by Rossetti to pose years earlier.
Simon Toll has researched Wilding, and says she tried and failed to become an actor, and had at least five children outside of marriage before starting a new life in South Africa with the youngest.
Venus Verticordia will be on display at Sotheby's before the auction in December, when it is predicted to sell for up to £1.5m. It will be the first time the painting has been seen in public since 1886, when it was sold from Graham's estate. The estimate may prove conservative, as record prices have recently been set for Rossetti's work, including a pastel of the goddess Proserpine, which sold for £3.3m last November, double the pre-sale estimate. A month later an oil painting, A Christmas Carol, fetched £4.6m.
Mary-Claire King at the Seattle International Film Festival premiere of Decoding Annie Parker on June 6, 2013 in Seattle. Photo by Mat Hayward/Getty Images
Mary-Claire King, the geneticist who discovered the BRCA1 gene, says she is delighted by the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that makes it illegal to patent it. Her work inspired the forthcoming film Decoding Annie Parker, in which she is portrayed by Helen Hunt.*
Sara Reardon: You discovered the BRCA1 gene in the early 1990s. Soon afterward, Myriad Genetics determined and patented the sequences of the genes. At the time, were you surprised by that?
Mary-Claire King: Genes had been patented before; the cystic fibrosis gene was patented. But I don't think anyone—from the U.S. National Institutes of Health or anywhere else—anticipated the level of patent protection Myriad has engaged in.
What was different about Myriad was its insistence that it was the only entity that could do the test and its aggressive efforts to shut down anyone else. That's why in 2009 the American Civil Liberties Union filed the suit that has gone all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court. They brought the case on behalf of people who needed tests and were not able to get a second opinion.
SR: On Thursday, the Supreme Court ruled that genes occurring in nature cannot be patented. What is your reaction to the ruling?
MK: I am delighted. This is a fabulous result for patients, physicians, scientists, and common sense. When I was working on it from 1974 to 1994, it did not cross my mind that a legal case that would end up in the Supreme Court would be the consequence of my work. But it did, and sometimes that's what happens when you start in a new area of science. It is a relief to have a decision after so many years, and I'm so gratified that it was a unanimous decision.
SR: What's next for genetic testing, now that we have this ruling?
MK: Developing multigene panels—one-stop shops for testing for susceptibility to breast and ovarian cancers on many genes—has been a very high priority. The multigene test we developed, called BROCA, has been used for months, but until today we had to mask BRCA1 and BRCA2. The Supreme Court ruling removes the illogical situation of being able to test all genes but having to mask some. Multigene tests can now be made available to people by many firms. In fact, I think they were on the market straight after the ruling.
SR: BRCA genes were also in the news recently when Angelina Jolie had a double mastectomy after learning she was a carrier of a harmful BRCA1 mutation. Was that welcome publicity?
MK: It was a wonderful piece she wrote for the New York Times; she's come to understand it very well. I hope Angelina Jolie being so clear about what this involves and the development of next-generation sequencing lead to more women getting sequencing done. Most cancer isn't inherited, but there is a straightforward genetic test; if a woman is concerned, she can find out. I would like to see women in their 30s offered genetic testing more routinely at a time when something can be done about it.
SR: Your discovery is the subject of the new film, Decoding Annie Parker. What is it like to have a movie made about your work?
MK: I had nothing to do with it at all and did not know about it until after it was complete. I found out by accident. One of my grad students came in and said: “You never told me there's a movie about you.”
“There is not a movie about me,” I replied and didn't even stop what I was doing. She showed me on her laptop, and I thought, “Yeah, sure.” But then I checked for myself, and sure enough, there it was.
SR: The film suggests you really struggled in the 1980s to convince people that some cancers have a genetic component. Was that the case?
MK: The main experience of the period was that people completely ignored me. I was a young woman, not a physician, working on my own with modest support from the National Institutes of Health.
There was active opposition from some groups. But there was also terrific support from clinicians who had patients from families with large numbers of women who'd had breast and ovarian cancer. They wanted to know what to do about it. They knew it wasn't because of something the women had done wrong. I had a great deal of support from oncologists and couldn't have done the project without it.
SR: Today, of course, cancer genetics is a booming field. Is that thanks to the BRCA genes?
MK: I think it increased interest enormously. It confirmed the idea of inherited predisposition to cancer. My work showed that one could use the tools of genetic analysis to prove the existence of genes responsible for an inherited form of a major common disease and that you can parse out the inherited portion.
Most breast cancer isn't inherited, but when it is, it's devastating. Today there is the recognition that even if a disease is genetic in most people, the particular mutation that any one affected person carries is likely to be rare.
SR: So each patient may carry a different mutation in a different cancer gene—and we now know of dozens of such genes. How can you look at all of these in detail? It seems a tall order.
MK: The BROCA test uses technology we have developed with next-generation sequencing that identifies all classes of mutations in all known breast and ovarian cancer genes in one tube. It's a single test that's much cheaper to run than commercial testing. And we want to make it available as widely as possible.
SR: What does the test name BROCA stand for?
MK: It is named for the 19th-century French surgeon and pathologist Pierre Paul Broca, who was the first to describe inherited breast cancer in families in a systematic way. Based on his work, we are currently trying to trace the relatives of these families from the 1860s to see if they have BRCA1 or BRCA2.
SR: How has medicine changed since you started working in cancer genetics decades ago?
MK: I think we are now in an entirely different landscape. What has changed the most in the past 35 years is the technology. The questions people have been asking about genetics and ancestry and the relationship of genes to disease have been the same for hundreds of years. What has changed is our capacity to answer them. What we have been doing in the research laboratory all along, we can now move into patient care.
This article originally appeared in New Scientist.
Correction, June 17, 2013: This article originally stated that Mary-Claire King discovered both the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes. She discovered BRCA1. (Return to the corrected sentence.)
Recent Examples on the Web
Paired with her septum ring and earrings, Erivo's brows look more like stunning pieces of jewelry than makeup. Devon Abelman, Allure, "Met Gala 2018: Cynthia Erivo Brings Bejeweled Brow Art to the Red Carpet," 7 May 2018
Tilberg's raven hair and septum piercing became ubiquitous in editorials, ushering in fashion's love affair with edgy beauty. Janelle Okwodu, Vogue, "At 38, Tasha Tilberg Is Once Again the Model of the Moment," 14 Mar. 2018
In extreme cases, picking could even damage the nasal septum, which is the thin layer of cartilage separating your two nostrils, Ramakrishnan says. Markham Heid, Time, "You Asked: Is It Bad To Pick Your Nose?," 28 Feb. 2018
The hairline and the brow ridge, Deschamps-Braly felt, should be five to six centimetres apart; the eyebrows should be about sixty-five millimetres from the tip of the nose; the nasal septum should be about fifteen millimetres from the upper lip. Jane Mayer, The New Yorker, "The Story of a Trans Woman's Face," 12 Mar. 2018
Some chronic sinus infection causes include nasal polyps, a deviated nasal septum, allergies, and other medical conditions, according to the Mayo Clinic. Amy Marturana, SELF, "14 Sinus Infection Signs and Symptoms You Need to Know," 25 Dec. 2017
Your doctor must know how to make more space by either fixing your septum, which separates the left and right airways, or reducing the size of your turbinates, the structures on the side wall inside the nose. Carlos Wolf, miamiherald, "Could a nose job make my breathing worse?," 23 Oct. 2017
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'septum.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
HOUSTON - Houston police are searching for thieves who apparently followed a businessman home from a bank and broke into his truck to steal thousands of dollars in cash.
The theft was caught on video by a neighbor's home security camera.
Franz Mitterhofer owns and runs a home remodeling company. He went to a Bank of America branch office at Highway 6 and Westheimer Road to meet a client and cash her check for a recent job Wednesday afternoon.
Mitterhofer said he was headed to his own bank to deposit the money, but decided to stop by his home on the way near Briarview Drive and Chevy Chase Drive.
"I came in and I closed the door," said Mitterhofer. "I left the money in the car to get a drink, just to get a drink, and as I came out I saw the car driving off."
The security video shows Mitterhofer parking the truck and going into his house. As soon as he's inside, a small white, four-door sedan drives past the parked truck, goes to the end of the street and turns around.
The car pulled alongside the parked truck and a man got out of the car's rear seat. He can be seen breaking out the truck's passenger side window and reaching inside, before getting back into the car and speeding away.
The money was in an envelope hidden in the truck's center console. Mitterhofer said he's certain the thieves followed him home from the bank.
"It bothered me a lot, it really bothered me," Mitterhofer said. "I mean I'm an ex-Marine. I have a gun. I have a license. I'm glad I didn't see them. On the other hand I didn't want to shoot them, you know?"
Houston police lifted fingerprints of the truck door. They're also checking to see if the suspect or the car can be seen on the bank's security camera.
Anyone with information is asked to call Houston Crime Stoppers. Crime Stoppers said it offers up to $5,000 for tips that lead to convictions and guarantees callers' identities remain anonymous.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
42nd Golden Globe Awards Date January 27, 1985 Highlights Best Film: Drama Amadeus Best Film: Musical or Comedy Romancing the Stone Best Drama Series Murder, She Wrote Best Musical or Comedy Series The Cosby Show
The 42nd Golden Globe Awards, honoring the best in film and television for 1984, were held on January 27, 1985.
Winners and nominees [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Murder, She Wrote
The Cosby Show
Something About Amelia
Tom Selleck - Magnum, P.I.
Angela Lansbury - Murder, She Wrote
Bill Cosby - The Cosby Show
Shelley Long - Cheers
Ted Danson - Something About Amelia
Ann-Margret - A Streetcar Named Desire
Paul Le Mat - The Burning Bed
Faye Dunaway - Ellis Island
See also [ edit ]
Electronic voting could be expanded if program is successful
In a step toward Australia embracing electronic voting systems, people with disabilities in Queensland will be able to cast digital votes at the next state election.
The Queensland government announced the electronic voting system as one of several electoral reforms introduced in Parliament today.
“Blind and vision impaired voters will be able to phone in their vote via an electronic assisted voting (EAV) system and physically disadvantaged electors will also be able to cast their vote electronically at selected polling booths,” Queensland Attorney-General and Minister for Justice, Jarrod Bleijie, said in a statement.
“If successful, expanding EAV will be considered.”
VEC develops tablet-based e-voting system
Q&A: NSW Electoral Commission CIO, Ian Brightwell
NSW govt rejects iVote for upcoming council elections
The Queensland government said it will remove restrictions for eligibility for postal or pre-poll votes, but that voting will remain secure.
“Maintaining the integrity of our electoral system is vital so proof of identity will be required on polling days to prevent voter impersonation.
The state government received more than 250 submissions commenting on the electoral reforms.
“These reforms will ensure Queensland has an electoral system that meets high standards of integrity and accountability and promotes participation in our democracy through political representation and voting,” Bleijie said.
Follow Adam Bender on Twitter: @WatchAdam
Follow Computerworld Australia on Twitter: @ComputerworldAU, or take part in the Computerworld conversation on LinkedIn: Computerworld Australia
How you win trophies is more important than whether you win them Robin van Persie seemed to be saying as he arrived in South Africa to compete for the World Cup with the Dutch squad.
While there is some speculation that our recent trophy drought may affect the willingness of some players to stay with the club Robin seems to have a comfortingly mature outlook on the issue.
“I`m 26 and have won three trophies; the UEFA Cup, the FA Cup and the Charity Shield. Yes, I class that as a trophy too. It`s a one-off game with 80,000 people watching and a lot of pressure. I`ve always said that I want to win as many trophies as possible in my career, but not at any price.
“What I am trying to say is that I will work my socks off to get the maximum out of my career, but I won`t move to a club which does not play my style of football.
“Dennis Bergkamp is, in my eyes, still ‘The Master'. The fact that he never won the Champions League, the European Championship or the World Cup does not take anything away from his greatness as a player.”
It`s refreshing to hear that any player, many of whom are branded as mercenaries, can see beyond the collection of medals to appreciate that it`s what you do to earn them that can mark you out as a great player not simply the quantity of medals you have gained.
Liam Brady has legendary status at the club though he left at much the same age as Fabregas is seeking to leave us. Like Cesc he also only has the one FA Cup medal to show for his time here. So he left to find fame and fortune elsewhere but despite a couple of Serie A titles in Italy with Juventus he didn`t stay more than a couple of seasons anywhere and became something of a Serie A journeyman before ending up as part of a relegated West Ham side 10 years after he left the club. In truth he isn`t really feted anywhere more affectionately than at Arsenal, despite his Italian title medals and having spent the greater part of his professional playing career away from the club who, before his career ended, had picked up league cup and title trophies.
David Platt won more medals with Arsenal than Liam Brady did but doesn`t make anything like the same connection with most Arsenal fans. Teddy Sheringham won many more medals as a ManU player than George Best but his contributions to winning those trophies were on nothing like the same scale.
Thierry Henry has written his chapter large in the annals of Arsenal Football Club. His achievements and the memory of them can never be erased but for him too, that legendary status wasn`t enough as he went in pursuit of medals in Spain. He got them as anyone joining either Barcelona or Real are pretty well guaranteed in Spain to much the same extent that anyone playing for Celtic or Rangers are likely to pick up a few local medals at least. As Wenger observed recently “I cannot see anybody who has a competitive edge to [want to] go to Spain. They have two good teams, I confess that, but the No 3 is 27 points behind.” Thierry won his medals in Spain as a squad player, a fact that might be lost as he tells the stories to his grandchildren but his contributions to those Spanish triumphs will live longer in his memory than they will of those of the club he won them with. Though he did start in a good proportion of the CL games and scored enough to feel contented with his role in their triumph the season before last he`ll know most Barça fans will probably still see it as Messi`s triumph.
Hlebs career at Barcelona hasn`t yet ended so it might be a little premature to say that his grandchildren will be surprised that he even played for Barça let alone won a treble with them. But if his career there is to end here then there`ll be little reason for Barça fans to remember him while he is also little more than a footnote in Arsenal`s history. Did his collection of Barça medals justify his decision to leave Arsenal? Not according to Hleb himself apparently. “When you mostly sit on the bench, winning titles brings very little joy, while getting to the last eight of the Champions League with Arsenal was unforgettable” said the Belarus midfielder.
It`s a sentiment echoed by Gio van Bronkhorst about his time at Arsenal claiming recently that “During my time there Arsenal won the league twice plus two FA cups but it didn't feel as if they were my prizes.”
I'd like to think it is possible to spend a fulfilling career at a club even if the trophy count is relatively small at the end of it. Though Robert Pires won a few trophies with us he has said that the ovation he received at the end of the CL game at the Emirates while wearing a Villareal shirt was a moment he`ll carry in his mind forever. Cesc said recently referring to Arsenal`s fans that “Sometimes not even in my house I've felt more loved than I've felt at Arsenal.”
It`s probably a romantic notion but maybe there is more to gain that validates the silverware you would hope to win rather than just winning silverware itself. Without an important sense of being an integral part of the club and its triumphs maybe those trophies don`t always carry quite the same sheen.
Join Vital Arsenal
Want to comment on this article? It's easy to register , simply click the link and enjoy getting involved (you can even win prizes!)
Video replay is set to take on a bigger and more influential role in soccer worldwide, and former referee Howard Webb discusses just how transformational it can become on the new episode of the Planet Fútbol Podcast.
Webb, who is currently based in New York as the head of the Professional Referee Organization's Video Assistant Replay (VAR) program, explains the implementation of video replay and the circumstances under which it would be used in his chat with SI's Grant Wahl.
Part of the conversation involves past controversial instances in history in which replay would have been used to overturn calls and make the right decision. Some of those would have included Thierry Henry's uncalled handball that helped France qualify for the 2010 World Cup; Nigel de Jong's flying kick to the chest of Xabi Alonso in the 2010 World Cup final (for which Webb was the referee); Cristiano Ronaldo's uncalled offside exploits in decisive moments against Bayern Munich in the second leg of last week's Champions League quarterfinals; and, yes, Torsten Frings's uncalled handball on the line in the 2002 World Cup that helped Germany beat the USA in the quarterfinals.
Replay has already been used in some experimental instances, including recently in France's friendly against Spain, when two calls went favorably–and correctly–in Spain's favor in a 2-0 win.
Webb also discusses his own journey, which included refereeing the final of the UEFA Champions League and World Cup in the same year, and his work since hanging up his whistle and leaving the field.
Listen to Webb's full interview in the podcast above and subscribe to (and review!) our podcast on iTunes for more in-depth interviews with some of world soccer's most fascinating and important people.
An ex-Minneapolis police officer appeared in court and was briefly jailed Thursday, one day after he was charged with felony assault for kicking a domestic assault suspect in the face, causing serious injuries.
Christopher Michael Reiter, 36, gave his birth date and address in East Bethel when called before a judge at the Hennepin County Public Safety Facility. He declined to comment to a reporter.
Reiter is accused of repeatedly kicking Mohamed Osman, 35, in the face when responding to a May 30, 2016, call, breaking Osman's nose and causing a traumatic brain injury. The incident was captured on surveillance video, and three other officers at the scene said they did not feel it necessary to kick him in the face, according to charges.
Reiter stood beside his attorney, Robert Fowler, who told Judge Fred Karasov that he would be challenging some of the evidence presented against his client during the next hearing, scheduled for April 20. Reiter was booked into jail and released without posting bail with the agreement of Assistant Hennepin County Attorney Debra Lund.
Outside the courtroom after the hearing, Fowler described Reiter as an “excellent patrol officer.” But he said he did not intend to offer an explanation to the media on why Reiter was innocent of the allegations.
“We believe he was legally justified and the place to [explain why is] in the court,” Fowler said.
Asked about the three other officers who said it was not necessary to kick Osman in the face, Fowler said, “They said they did not use force because they were not in the position my client was in,” Fowler said.
Fowler also took issue with news reports that Reiter had eight complaints filed against him.
“To my knowledge, he has not had sustained allegations of excessive use of force in any of the cases.” Fowler acknowledged that two of the cases remain open.
Officers terminated
According to charges, Reiter and other officers were called to a south Minneapolis apartment building in the 2900 block of Chicago Av. after a report that Osman had severely beaten his girlfriend.
Osman was ordered to the ground and was complying when video shows Reiter “quickly approaching [Osman] and violently kicking him in the face within seconds of [Osman] going to the ground,” the complaint says.
He collapsed to the ground unconscious and bleeding. Osman pleaded guilty to third degree assault in January as part of a plea deal and will be sentenced March 23. At least one other officer, Josh Domek, was reprimanded for his role in the May assault.
In September 2014, Reiter was caught on video kicking a man in the chest in similar fashion.
That video shows Reiter arriving at the gas station after the manager, Shawn Ross, broke up a fight. Reiter got out of the car and pointed at Ross, who got on his knees. Reiter then walked up to Ross and kicked him the chest.
The video is the key evidence in a federal lawsuit Ross filed against the officer and the City of Minneapolis. That case is now scheduled for trial in July.
Reiter is the second officer this year to face felony assault charges. In January officer Efrem Hamilton was charged with second-degree assault and intentional discharge of a firearm for firing at a car full of people during a downtown melee when he was working off duty in November. He too, was fired and is challenging the termination.
In her tenure, Minneapolis Police Chief Janeé Harteau has fired eight officers, according to department records, fewer than her predecessor, Tim Dolan, who terminated 13 cops in the roughly seven years that he ran the department. Harteau, who was appointed in 2012, is in her second three-year term as chief.
Bill McManus, the city's chief between 2002 and 2006, terminated five officers during his tenure, records show.
That count doesn't include officers who, like Reiter, have filed a grievance to appeal their dismissal. The tally also doesn't reflect cops who were fired and then got their jobs back through arbitration, records that officials say are protected under state privacy laws.
In St. Paul, an officer who was charged with punching a potentially suicidal 14-year-old girl in the face also appeared in court and pleaded not guilty Thursday.
In December, Michael P. Soucheray II and another St. Paul police officer responded to a report of a girl who was possibly suicidal at a shelter for sex trafficking victims. The girl was refusing to go to the hospital. Officers handcuffed her and she was “screaming and crying” as they tried to get her in a squad car, according to the complaint.
She stood up and spat in Soucheray's face, and he responded by punching her in the face twice, grabbing her by the jaw and swearing at her, the complaint states. Soucheray, 38, of Woodbury, was charged with misdemeanor fifth-degree assault and has been on administrative leave.
Staff writers Jessie Van Berkel and Libor Jany contributed to this report.
randy.furst@startribune.com • 612-673-4224
brandon.stahl@startribune.com • 612-673-4626
Grand Mufti says pope's genocide comments 'immoral' 'I cannot link statement to basic Christian values,' Gormez says
(ANSAmed) - ANKARA, APRIL 21 - The Grand Mufti Mehmet Gormez, the top Sunni Muslim religious authority in Turkey, has repeated his criticism of Pope Francis for describing the 1915 mass killing of Armenians as genocide, Turkish media reported Tuesday. Gormez described the remarks as "immoral", according to the reports.
"I consider the pope's statement to be immoral and I cannot link it to the basic values of Christianity," Gormez is quoted by the online edition of Zaman as saying.
The pope stirred controversy earlier this month when during a Mass in St Peter's Basilica attended by the Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan and top church leaders he referred to "the first (tragedy of the 20th century), which is widely considered 'the first genocide of the 20th century'".
Turkey, which has always denied a genocide in the mass killings, denounced Francis's comments even though the pope's statement and the phrase "first genocide of the 20th century" were actually borrowed from remarks written in 2001 by former Pope John Paul II in a joint declaration with the Armenian church leader, Karenkin II.
Subsequently the Vatican said Francis used the term 'genocide' as part of a "precise and coherent line of dialogue".
"This speech was very clear for those who wanted to grasp (its meaning), it was very rich", Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said.
"In the end, (it was about) the desire for reconciliation and dialogue between the Turkish people and the Armenian people", he continued.
Gormez first criticised the pope the day after he made the comments, saying the remarks were "without foundation and inspired by... political lobbies and public relations firms".
Numerous governments, experts and scholars in the field support Armenia's position, concluding a genocide occurred.
Armenia and many historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman forces in 1915.(ANSAmed).
Private companies created far more jobs than expected in December, a bright sign for an economy that has been otherwise struggling, according to the latest numbers from ADP and Moody's Analytics.
Payrolls surged by 257,000 against economist expectations of 192,000, with gains evenly distributed among small, medium and large businesses, the report released Wednesday said. Professional and business services led the way with 66,000 new positions as service-related jobs overall accounted for 234,000 of the total.
Small businesses have led the way for most of the jobs recovery since the Great Recession, but it was large businesses — those with more than 500 employees — that created the most positions, with 97,000 added. Companies with fewer than 50 employees contributed 95,000 while medium-sized firms hired 65,000.
Markets had been slumping ahead of the announcement, with Dow futures off more than 300 points. The good jobs news had no market effect, however.
Officials who compiled the report offered no specific reason for the jobs jump in December, which will stand as the biggest month of the year for employment. The number represents a gain from the 211,000 rises in November, which was revised lower by 6,000.
Advertisement
More than 300 wild reindeer have been killed by lighting in central Norway in what wildlife officials are calling an unusually large natural disaster.
The Norwegian Environment Agency has released eerie images showing reindeer carcasses scattered across a small area on the Hardangervidda mountain plateau.
The agency says 323 animals were killed, including 70 calves.
Some 323 dead wild reindeers struck by lightning are seen littering a hillside on Hardangervidda mountain plateau in central Norway on Saturday
Some of the reindeer, with their eyes open, which died by the lightning strike during the storm in Norway on Friday
The animal tragedy is believed to have occurred during a lightning storm Friday.
Five of the reindeer were not killed immediately but had to be put down due to injuries, BNO News reported.
Environment Agency spokesman Kjartan Knutsen told the AP it's not uncommon for reindeer or other wildlife to be killed by lightning strikes.
However, the agency said 'we have not heard about such numbers before.'
Knutsen said reindeer tend to stay very close to each other in bad weather.
This, he added, could explain how so many were killed at once.
The environmental agency said reindeer tended to stay very close to each other in bad weather, which could explain how so many were killed at once
These dead reindeer were among thousands which normally migrate across the Hardanangervidda plateau as the seasons change
A dead reindeer lies on its side on the plateau among hundreds of others hit by the strike
Thousands of reindeer migrate across the barren Hardanangervidda plateau as the seasons change.
The BNO website said the number which died is believed to be the largest number of animals killed by lightning ever recorded.
GUCCI and MR PORTER embark on a landmark collaboration. The result is a stellar 43-piece range that includes everything from from animal motifs and lavish embroidery to vintage-inspired tailoring. Alessandro Michele has transformed the Italian fashion house during his two-and-a-half years as Creative Director at GUCCI. The label has clearly adopted a maximalist design ethos under Michele's reign. He has managed to bring one of the world's most popular labels to the modern era of fashion.
Take a closer look at the exclusive capsule collection featured in the short film Keys below:
Mr Alessandro Michele has taken one of the world's most illustrious fashion houses and somehow made it feel entirely new. – Chris Elvidge (Associate Editor at MR PORTER)
The GUCCI x MR PORTER collection is available now exclusively at MRPORTER.com.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
In His Convention Speech, Obama Sees 'A Fundamental Choice'
Thursday night at the Democratic convention will be Hillary Clinton's night, but Wednesday night was President Obama's. He framed the election as a battle of values — a contrast to the GOP message.
DAVID GREENE, HOST:
And I'm David Greene in Philadelphia. Last night, one half of the Democratic ticket said, yes, I'll take it.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
TIM KAINE: I humbly accept my party's nomination to be vice president of the United States.
GREENE: That's the voice of Virginia Senator Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton's running mate. She will give her acceptance speech as the convention wraps up this evening. And one person listening will be Stacy Davis Gates. She is from Chicago, former teacher, now works for a teacher's union. She came here as a delegate for Bernie Sanders. Standing just off the floor last night, she told us there's been a little too much pageantry here for her taste.
STACY DAVIS GATES: I'm from Chicago. This past weekend, there were nearly 60 people shot in the city of Chicago. I'm looking to hear our Democrats talk about a greater society, a bigger, newer deal. Our communities are in pain right now.
GREENE: What are a few solutions that you want to hear more specifically about?
GATES: A job that pays a fair wage with benefits, something that people can retire with dignity.
GREENE: How has President Obama's record been in what we're talking about?
GATES: I think President Obama has been good for us. I mean, having Michelle, the president and the first daughters in the White House have given us a tremendous amount of hope. It's time for us to take it up another notch.
GREENE: And do you see Hillary Clinton as someone who can do that and deliver?
GATES: I'm hoping. Hillary Clinton is still campaigning for out vote.
GREENE: You're not ready to support her.
GATES: Hillary Clinton is our nominee. I think this is historical. And I'm just ready to hear about this greater society that we're going to have. We need to enfranchise the people and invest in the people who have had the Democrats' back since day one, and that's black people. We've seen in a tremendous showcase of black women, we are heading our households. Our children's attend public schools that are grossly underserved. Black women also need a fair job, sick time. We need those things in order to sustain our households and our communities.
GREENE: Can I ask you - you're talking about the pageantry here. The Republicans and Donald Trump have jumped on that and said that ISIS and threats around the world have not come up at this convention.
GATES: I mean, Donald - it's Donald Trump. It's a shame that he is a legitimate contender.
GREENE: But should national security and that idea of - regardless of what Trump has said - I mean, should that be...
GATES: She's the secretary of - she's a former secretary of state. I think it goes without saying that she can address those issues. It's just foolish to say that out loud. We're not fear-mongering here.
GREENE: And let me just ask you - the Trump campaign really seemed to draw a lot of attention today by bringing up Russia. And Donald Trump basically said, Russians, why don't you hack in and see if you can figure out what was in the emails that were in Hillary Clinton's server.
GATES: Donald Trump is a dangerous man who needs to go away.
GREENE: But did the email server make Hillary Clinton vulnerable to that sort of...
GATES: Donald Trump is a dangerous man who needs to go away.
GREENE: I feel like your answer's not going to change.
GREENE: Donald Trump is a dangerous man who needs to go away.
GREENE: The voice there of Stacy Davis Gates, who, as you can probably tell, will not be voting for Donald Trump. As for Hillary Clinton, she said she is ready to be won over fully. Our colleague Mara Liasson says the campaign last night was busy winning over skeptics.
MARA LIASSON, BYLINE: Last night, the Democrats tried to reach beyond the hall and beyond their base. The former Republican mayor of New York, Michael Bloomberg, was their emissary. Bloomberg is a billionaire and now an independent. He spoke directly to voters uneasy about Clinton but also worried about Trump.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MICHAEL BLOOMBERG: I am asking you to join with me, not out of party loyalty but out of love of country. And together let's elect a sane, competent person with international experience, a unifier who is mature enough to reach out for advice, to build consensus and to recognize that we all have something to contribute.
LIASSON: Last night was Tim Kaine's debut. The Democrat's vice presidential candidate confronted Hillary Clinton's biggest problem - majorities of Americans think she is not honest or trustworthy. Kaine said the mothers of children killed by police trust Hillary; so is a little girl worried that her parents will be deported.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
KAINE: And on a personal level, as he's serving our nation abroad, I trust Hillary Clinton with our son's life.
LIASSON: President Obama went last. It was 12 years to the day after his maiden speech at the Democratic convention in Boston in 2004. He framed the election to succeed him as a battle of values. He said the election is not a choice between ideology or party.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: This is a more fundamental choice about who we are as a people and whether we stay true to this great American experiment in self-government.
LIASSON: The president also made a pitch to any Republicans uncomfortable with the direction Trump is taking the GOP.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
OBAMA: But what we heard in Cleveland last week wasn't particularly Republican, and it sure wasn't conservative. What we heard was a deeply pessimistic vision of a country where we turn against each other and turn away from the rest of the world. There were no serious solutions to pressing problems, just the fanning of resentment and blame and anger and hate. And that is not the America I know.
LIASSON: Mr. Obama described the America he knew as a country unified by shared values, not blood or soil. And he delivered an eviscerating takedown of Donald Trump.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
OBAMA: That's why we can attract strivers and entrepreneurs from around the globe to build new factories and create new industries here. That's why our military can look the way it does, every shade of humanity forged into common service. That's why anyone who threatens our values, whether fascists or Communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues, will always fail in the end.
LIASSON: Hillary Clinton has had a lot of powerful validators this week - first lady Michelle Obama, her husband, former President Bill Clinton, Vice President Joe Biden - but none as effective as President Obama. He said she was more qualified to be president than he or Bill Clinton had been. He said as commander in chief she would destroy ISIS without resorting to torture or banning entire religions from entering the country. And he tried to give voters with doubts about Clinton what speechwriters call a permission structure to vote for her. He said she'd been under the microscope for 40 years.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
OBAMA: She knows that sometimes there in those 40 years she's made mistakes, just like I have, just like we all do.
(APPLAUSE)
OBAMA: That's what happens when we try. That's what happens when you're the kind of citizen Teddy Roosevelt once described, not the timid souls who criticize from the sidelines but someone who is actually in the arena.
LIASSON: This was Barack Obama's valedictory speech. In his remaining months in office, he will never have as big an audience, and electing Hillary Clinton is the only way for Obama to protect his legacy and his policies.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
OBAMA: And now I'm ready to pass the baton and do my part as a private citizen. So this year in this election, I'm asking you to join me to reject cynicism and reject fear and to summon what is best in us to elect Hillary Clinton as the next president of the United States and show the world we still believe in the promise of this great nation.
LIASSON: Then, from the wings, out walked Hillary Clinton. They hugged and waved to the crowd. Tonight is Hillary Clinton's night. Michelle Obama, Joe Biden and Barack Obama have built her a solid foundation. Now, it's her turn to convince a skeptical country that she is the best choice in November.
GREENE: That was the voice of NPR's Mara Liasson, who's here in Philadelphia. I'm joined now by two colleagues. NPR national political correspondent Don Gonyea has been in the studio with us at member station WHYY all week, and Mary Louise Kelly, who covers national security, is on the line from Washington. Good morning to you both.
DON GONYEA, BYLINE: Good morning.
MARY LOUISE KELLY, BYLINE: Good morning, David.
GREENE: One comment from the president there, that anyone who attacks American values will fail. I mean, this is a big question confronting voters in this election. Is it not? I mean, because Donald Trump is basically arguing that the country has not been safe under President Obama and that he would be the one to make it safe.
KELLY: That is absolutely a key question that's run through the campaign and will continue to right up to November. The Republican argument runs that the world today is a violent, unsteady, terrifying place and that Obama and Clinton have been running it, and therefore that, if you want change, this is not the team to vote for. That is an argument that resonates, as you know, David, with a lot of voters.
We have heard Democrats push back hard against that all this week saying, look, Hillary Clinton, Barack Obama, they didn't create Russia. They didn't create China. They didn't create ISIS. They didn't create terrorism. But Hillary Clinton is the most experienced hand to respond to it. We heard Leon Panetta, the former defense secretary, former CIA director, make that point explicitly last night. And I expect that we will hear something along those same lines from Hillary Clinton tonight.
GREENE: But, Don Gonyea, you're out there talking to voters. How much is it resonating, the argument that Obama has made the country less safe?
GONYEA: It is absolutely a theme that runs through not just Donald Trump rallies when you go there but when you talk to voters, when you pop into a diner, when you sit down at a picnic table in a park. They do hear things like what we heard Vice President Biden say last night. Nobody ever won by betting against the United States.
They get that. They get that long term. But then they go why is Orlando happening? Why is San Bernadino happening? Why is it happening in a, you know, just kind of in these random places around the country? So the anxiety and the stress that that creates is very real.
GREENE: And I guess questions about President Obama's policies in Syria, in Iraq, Afghanistan - I mean, he would make the argument that he was able to kill Osama bin Laden. I mean, there's an actual record that voters can pick apart as this election goes on. We'll be talking much more about this. I'm with my colleague Don Gonyea here in Philadelphia and my colleague Mary Louise Kelly from Washington. Thank you both.
KELLY: You're welcome.
GONYEA: Thank you.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
It's both pleasant and unusual to find a book that is at its core optimistic:
I believe that during the next twenty years, the great surge of development progress can continue. If it does, 700 million more people will be lifted out of extreme poverty, incomes in developing countries will more than double again, childhood death will continue to decline, hundreds of millions of children will get the education they deserve, and basic rights and democratic freedoms will spread further around the world.
In The Great Surge Radelet enumerates the numerous good reasons why he believes what he believes. You—the readers of this blog—may be a part of this story. Some of you may play small parts and some of you may play large parts. But forward motion depends on what you (and I) do: “While I believe this progress can occur, I am far from certain that it will. Achieving it will depend on human choices and actions in rich, middle-income, and poor countries alike.” The Great Surge is outside the typical Grant Writing Confidential reader's domain: Most of us work in or with domestic nonprofits. Yet the story is fascinating and many of the principles described in The Great Surge apply to nonprofits of all types.
It is easy to experience myopia and to think that collective efforts aren't working. Yet Radelet reminds us that
A major transformation is underway—and has been for two decades now—in the majority of the world's poorest countries, largely unnoticed by much of the world. Since the early 1990s, 1 billion people have been lifted out of extreme poverty.
Consider this post notice of the “largely unnoticed” news. It probably won't go viral because it doesn't describe war, famine, atrocities, injustice, celebrity gossip, or celebrity sexting scandals. But progress itself matters, even if it goes unheralded. In The Great Surge Radelet describes how “poverty, income, health and education, and democracy and government” have all been largely improved through a combination of better government policies, the fall of communism, technology, and, crucially, nonprofit work. Those factors must work together. Smart nonprofits have of course realized this and are attempting to make them work together.
Radelet also reminds us of how storytelling applies to how people perceive the world:
When I lived in Indonesia in the early 1990s, I arrived with a somewhat romanticized view of the beauty of the people working in rice paddies, together with reservations about the rapidly growing factory jobs. The longer I was there, the more I realized how incredibly difficult it is to work in the rice fields. It's a backbreaking grind [. . .] So, it was not too much of a surprise that when factory jobs opened offering wages of $2 a day, hundreds of people lined up just to get a shot at applying.
Part of the grant writer's job involves explaining things that may not be obvious to funders. Some grant writing's challenge involves knowing when to think inside the box and knowing when to break someone else's “romanticized view.” Radelet got his view broken first-hand. You may not have that luxury.
One hilarious section occurs in Radelet's review of the history of people predicting eminent population / resource disaster, which starts with Malthus and runs into the 1980s. It took economist Julian Simon and his book The Ultimate Resource to refute “those who believed that the world faced imminent disaster from population pressure and resource constraints.”
The people who tend to write about such things also usually forget that innovation tends to expand the resource pie, allow us to do more with less, and make products and services more efficient. That process depends on educated individuals interacting in dense networks that allow people to learn from each other and come up with new ideas. This process isn't solely related to fields like battery chemistry.
I've read many pieces about the futility of foreign aid that ends up with NGOs (non-governmental organizations, the term used for non-US nonprofits), and, sometimes, grants for domestic nonprofits). Radelet, however, points out that “Despite the shortcomings, the bulk of the evidence shows that, overall, aid has helped support development progress.” That's particularly true in global health. But change comes slowly—so slowly that it may feel imperceptible to those on the ground. For many of us working in many domains, the myth of Sisyphus resonates because the effort put forth feels gigantic relative to the benefits.
I'm familiar with being a foot soldier—at least with respect to grant writing and education—who affects only a tiny portion of these fields. Many of you reading this are likely to be foot soldiers too. If any presidents or senators are reading this, let me say hi and suggest that you give us a call. I know what being a foot soldier in education is like because I teach college English and technical writing; consequently, I see what colleges and universities (or “IHEs” in edu-speak) look like from the bottom.
When we work for IHEs, writing TRIO, HSI, Title III, Strengthening Working Families Initiative (SWFI), or other grants, I get to see what colleges look like from the top. I register the feelings of administrators and the needs of anonymous people who're charged with overseeing the lives of thousands of students. I know that, from both perspectives, progress can feel incidental or impossible. Some days it feels like things are sliding backwards. But things only move forward slowly, one decision at a time, and through an incalculably large amount of human effort. Radelet is reminding us to not stop believing. Don't lose sight of larger goals and larger progress. Don't stop believing.
Chris Blattman gave us the original pointer to the book.
Hey everyone Androod here! This is the first installment of a new series I'm doing called “Academy of Cerulea” where my aim is help average players become better by diving into some game theory and more advanced concepts. These skills will help you gain percentage points in games independent of the match up or budget concerns.
Today's topic will be sequencing which is one of the more important skills in the game. You will see me use examples from specific decks a lot in this article, but don't take that to mean these are only applicable to those strategies. These are just real world situations you can gain an advantage in via sequencing.
Alright class let's get started!
What you see here is a common Redlings opener, while not great it's not worth redrawing to six. Now if I asked a lot of players what they would do on turn one here they would say “I would play the Necropolis Coins” and if asked why they would say “Because it's a slow resource and I'm not doing anything on the first turn”, this decision would likely be wrong. The correct decision is to lead on a Blood Shard followed by a second Blood Shard for a few reasons.
We already have four resources in our opening hand. We're not playing a deck that is particularly interested in having more than four resources. We already have our first three shards drops guaranteed with this opener and statistically we will draw another in the first few turns. If we end up having a string of draws that demands an extra resource we will likely have a spot on the curve to play this coin out without punishment. Due to our sequencing we have drawn an extra card and dealt two damage to our opponent with little to no cost simply due to thinking ahead and playing our cards in an optimal order.
We are a Spulchra Crypt Dust deck that wants multiple ruby thresholds for Matriarch and Lazgar's Vengeance. Leaving ourselves open to draw a Crypt Dust to be our first ruby threshold is very valuable as we only have a single ruby otherwise. We gain nothing by playing the Ruby Shard out before we require the thresholds, but make our potential draws down the road more potent.
Let's look at another situation. It's our turn three and we're playing against Crusader Sockets. Our hand is just some coins and a Blood Shard. We know our opponent has an Aspect of the Squirrel in hand from a Withering Gaze we played earlier. We could just activate a coin on our turn and say go and accept our fate and take the hit from a squirreled up troop. But instead let's wait to activate the coin on their end of turn.
We have no relevant plays in our deck that we could hope to draw into and the coin activation is quick speed, so we lose nothing by just using the coin on their end step. However by waiting to do this we hide information from our opponent. If our opponent is paying attention they know that we know about the Aspect and could be waiting to get the two for one with a herofall. They could go with a different line that maybe doesn't use their resources as efficiently gaining us back some tempo.
In the end we just activate our coins on their turn and proceed to our ready step. Not only have we possibly made our opponent play less efficiently, but we have also concealed the information that we do not have a Herofall. While some players may just activate the coin main phase, we have optimized the situation and given ourselves a better chance to win the game.
In Summary, will these plays always win you the game? No. However, sometimes they will and you will see your win percentage go up as a result. In the examples above we have seen how we have increased the potency of our potential draws as well as concealed information from our opponent to potentially making them alter their play. All of this comes at the low cost of just playing your cards in a better order. Next time you lose a close game on the ladder instead of getting frustrated by things you can't control look back and think: Was there a turn better sequencing could allow that top deck to win me the game? Or If I had thought ahead and played my resources in a different order could I have played two cards instead of one on that key turn? There are many more examples sequencing giving you an advantage that aren't in this article and I hope these examples will help you start to realize better lines in your games to come. If you have any questions on anything you've read here or have suggestions for future topics don't hesitate to reach out to me on Twitter and I hope to see you all in class next time!
Thanks for reading!
~Androod
Latvian club unveils world's narrowest fairway
Club News Featured News |
Golfers who like a challenge should head over to Latvia to secure a tee time at a golf club which has built the word's narrowest fairway.
Typical fairways on the professional tours measure 30 to 32 yards wide on average, but this testing par-4 cuts a narrow path through a forest of pine trees leaving a gap of just five yards.
The 260-yard hole at Rezekne Golf & Country Club was conceived after a drop in local members, so the club took the decision to create a hole that would attract visitors from Latvia's Baltic neighbours Estonia and Lithuania.
The club's PGA professional, Joe Kerr, said: “As well as attracting new players, we thought this could be another revenue stream for the club, because there will be so many lost balls we can use them for our range or sell them as seconds in the pro shop.”
So far the reaction has been largely positive, especially with the younger generation who see reaching the green without hitting a tree as a fun challenge. However a local club member, who asked not to be named, was less enthusiastic, saying: “I've played this hole twice and already lost 13 balls. It's a joke.”
Apple
Just as all the excitement over the next-gen USB connector is dying down, we have word of the Thunderbolt 3 update too.
Oh, and Thunderbolt 3 will double the throughput speed, according to Chinese-language site VR-Zone, which posted a slide with details of the next-gen connector technology, code-named Alpine Ridge.
Here's a summary of what to expect. Note that the next-gen Thunderbolt is tied to Intel's Skylake chip architecture, which isn't due until 2015.
--2X jump in speed. Bandwidth increase to 40 gigabits per second from 20Gbps.
--Displays. Can drive two 4K displays over a single cable, as The Tech Report points out.
--Support. PCIe Gen3, USB 3.0, DisplayPort 1.2, USB 3.0, and HDMI 2.0
--Charging. Support for devices up to 100 watts.
Getting back to the plug: the height will apparently be slimmed down to just 3mm from the current 4.5mm. That makes it a much better fit for ultraslim devices, which could conceivably include tablets.
Thunderbolt is familiar to MacBook users because it doubles as a DisplayPort connector. Hewlett-Packard uses the port on devices selectively, as does Lenovo and Asus.
But on consumer devices it's certainly not as universal as the USB. Will that change with a slimmer connector? Who knows?
Remember, changes in connector technology are generally glacial. Look no further than USB 3.0. It took roughly 10 years for the computer industry to migrate from USB 2.0 to 3.0 -- and it still hasn't happened on many devices, because it's just not necessary.
Intel declined to comment.
USB Implementors Forum
Maxime Bernier is maintaining his lead in the Conservative leadership race.
According to the latest iPolitics CPC Leadership Tracker, powered by Mainstreet Research, 33.63 per cent of Conservative party members who have voted already in the leadership contest have marked Bernier as their first choice.
Mainstreet reached 12,170 Conservative Party of Canada members from May 3-7 and found, with a margin of error of +/- 0.87 per cent, 19 times out of 20, that Bernier is holding a steady lead in the race, followed by Andrew Scheer and Erin O'Toole.
Another 19.24 per cent of Conservative members polled who have already voted chose Scheer as their first choice; 11.87 per cent chose O'Toole.
Among Conservative party members who have not voted — and including those still undecided — Bernier is still leading at 26.26 per cent.
President of Mainstreet Research Quito Maggi said if anyone other than Bernier has a shot at winning the race, it may actually be O'Toole — not Scheer.
Maggi said he also thinks O'Toole has more room to grow than Scheer.
“Where do the progressive conservative votes land? They're not going to land with Scheer because he's social conservative,” said Maggi, who suggested Lisa Raitt and Michael Chong's second or third choice supporters will land with O'Toole.
The iPolitics CPC Leadership Tracker, powered by Mainstreet, will be tracking the Conservative leadership race until members pick the next leader on May 27. For additional information on methodology and to subscribe to in-depth updates, click here.
Jose Fernandez would often sit with Chris Johnson inside the Marlins' dugout this season in a section known as the “Goon Squad” — a spot on the bench reserved for the reserves.
There would be times, Johnson said, Fernandez would turn to him during games and say, “Who would have thought?”
On Sept. 11, 2013, no one would have thought it.
That's the day Fernandez, a rookie at the time, incited a benches-clearing confrontation when he punctuated his first major-league home run by flipping his bat and then taking an exceptionally slow trot around the bases.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
The Braves took extreme offense and Johnson, who was Atlanta's third baseman, was the angriest of all, charging from his position to confront Fernandez near home plate.
There was yelling. There was spitting. But no punches were ever thrown.
Wistfully, Johnson recalled the incident on Wednesday as TVs inside the Marlins' clubhouse showed live coverage of Fernandez's memorial service.
“I had one view of him,” Johnson said, “and it was completely wrong.”
Johnson was among the throng of players and team officials who surrounded Fernandez's hearse outside Marlins Park on Wednesday, respectfully placing their hands on the black vehicle before it slowly pulled away for a public memorial service.
“Signing here is one of the best things I've ever done in my professional career,” Johnson said. “Knowing what I know now, I would have been extremely sad had I not gotten to know him.”
What Johnson found in the seven months they've been teammates — from the start of spring training in February until the pitcher's death on Sunday — was that the Fernandez he came to know wasn't the same person who rubbed some the wrong way.
“I'm one of the fortunate people who got to come over and see the other side of that, to see where those antics come from, where the fire comes from, where the smiles come from,” Johnson said.
Johnson said Fernandez's bat flip in 2013 wasn't what caused him to lose his temper.
“The number one reason why it pissed me off so bad is because he was so good,” Johnson said. “It was because I was getting out every single time, and there was this guy standing out there — Jose. I'm grinding. I'm trying to get a hit as hard as I can, and he's out there having a good time, smiling, laughing, doing whatever he wants on the baseball field.
“He hit homers against us. He's striking us out. He's getting wins. That's the reason why everybody gets so upset, is because he's so good.”
But Johnson discovered Fernandez's joy was genuine.
“That kid didn't have an ounce of hate in his heart, ever, towards anybody,” Johnson said. “He's not smiling because he's getting you out. He's smiling because he's having fun. It's not a job for him like it is for a lot of us. He made it out of Cuba. He's in the United States. He's a citizen. Everything else is icing on the cake.”
Johnson's eyes have remained as red as everyone else's since Sunday — red from so much crying.
He's given a lot of thought about the the times they've shared.
“We talked about it all the time,” Johnson said of their 2013 run-in. “We'd be sitting in the dugout and he'd say, ‘Who would have thought?' That's something I think about now. Who would have thought I would be here with the Marlins and we would be friends? Who would have thought he and I would become teammates and brothers?
“It's crazy what this game will do.”
COMING UP
▪ Thursday: Off day.
▪ Friday: Marlins RHP Andrew Cashner (5-11, 5.13 ERA) at Washington Nationals (TBA), 7:05 p.m., Nationals Park.
▪ Saturday: Marlins LHP Wei-Yin Chen (5-4, 5.02) at Nationals (TBA), 4:05 p.m., Nationals Park.
Olympic swimmer Cody Miller's father was living homeless in Ocean Beach and was found on Christmas day last year. NBC 7's Bridget Naso has more. (Published Monday, Aug. 8, 2016)
Olympic swimmer Cody Miller set a new American record, bringing home a bronze medal in the 100-meter breaststroke in his first Olympic Games.
His time was 58.87 seconds.
“I've been dreaming about this since I was a little kid, and you never really think it's going to happen until it finally does," Miller said after the race. "I have a lot of people to thank, everyone back at IU, everyone back home in Las Vegas, everyone across the country, my fiancé, my family.”
His father Craig Miller did not get to see son Cody reach the milestone. Miller battled years of addiction and ended up living on the streets in San Diego's Ocean Beach neighborhood.
He died on Christmas last year outside an office building near Cable Street.
Sgt. Sal Hurtado from the San Diego Police Department patrols Ocean Beach. He told NBC 7 that he sat down for coffee with Craig Miller weeks before he died.
While Miller didn't talk about Cody specifically, Hurtado says the man had a sense of pride about his life before he ended up homeless.
“He did kind of have this sense of pride about him. You could see it in his demeanor. His chest kind of got big, his voice really got firm and he knew that he was proud of his family,” Hurtado said.
Miller would reportedly visit local libraries to check online to see how his son was doing in his quest to make the Olympic team. People living on the streets of Ocean Beach said he went by the name Ce-Ce.
Cody Miller had been estranged from his father since he was very young.
In an interview, the Olympian told the Las Vegas Review-Journal: “My father unfortunately lost himself to drug and alcohol addiction. He was a good man. He loved the water very much.”
Cody was filled with emotion after his performance on the international stage.
"I'm like, on the verge of tears. I'm like ready to scream. I'm just like everything all balled up in one just ready to come out," he said.
Sgt. Hurtado said he believes the humble man he knew from the streets of Ocean Beach would have been filled with emotion, too.
“I know he's looking down at him right now and probably with a big smile on his face, you know, cheering his son on being very proud," Hurtado said.
‘Indie milk', I called it. In search of the tastiest dairy alternative during a vegan spell a while back, I gulped the diluted pulp of rice, coconut, almond, hazelnut, oat, hemp, and more – even soy, because hey, it might be pretty much mainstream by now but only a jerk thinks they're too good for pop milk. I like the idea of new Minecraft mod The Vegan Option, adding crafting alternatives free of animal products for everything from dye to armour, but as an indie milk aficionado I had to know: what is the drink it calls ‘plant milk'?
Pumpkin milk. You make your own pumpkin milk from seeds. Damn, that's pretty hardcore.
The Vegan Option adds new ways to craft things that would usually involve animal parts, using new parts and new recipes. Rather than fertilising with bone meal, for example, you can make your own compost then add a dash of saltpeter. If you want to cook a recipe using egg, you can make an egg substitute by mashing a potato with a piston to get potato starch or beating apples to make apple sauce. A straw bed is itchy, and that hurts a little, but it doesn't use wool. And burlap armour made with plant fibres is an alternative to leather armour.
Here, the readme details the list of new materials and recipes, along with a fine selection of links explaining quite what they are. I had not known before where burlap comes from; now I know all about retting. You can still biff cows to turn into cool leather jackets if you want, as this mod simply adds alternatives; I still wore a leather jacket because I'm cool.
I like this answer from creator ‘squeek502' as to the why:
In-game veganism is simply a playstyle that I prefer, in that I think survival games offer a unique way to explore vegan ethics that the real world doesn't provide. For example, attempting to adhere to veganism within Minecraft leads to weird/interesting questions like, “Is it really self-defense to kill a mob if I'm semi-responsible for mobs being able to spawn at all?”. It can also encourage non-standard behavior like building a weapon that does the least amount of damage possible.
Of course, one must wonder about the nutritional value of the diet this mod offers. A little quinoa would be a great start to add more protein, perhaps some more nuts, and we can't forget the wonder crops of flax and hemp! The first release was only a few days ago, mind.
Download links and complimentary mod suggestions are in its Minecraft Forum thread.
I never did try pumpkin milk, but have enjoyed a mystifying pumpkin seed ‘cheese' on vegan pizza.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Batman: Arkham Knight's first story-based DLC has been given a July 14 release date by Warner Bros, with the publisher also explaining how the expansion will focus on the Batgirl character.
The add-on, entitled Batgirl: A Matter of Family, will cost $6.99 in North America and £5.80 in the UK. Those who purchased an Arkham Knight season pass will not have to pay an additional fee.
Warner Bros has only announced plans for the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One editions of the expansion, and has not discussed a PC version.
This omission comes in the wake of a punishing two weeks for the publisher, and the game's developer Rocksteady, with a litany of bugs discovered in the PC version. After apologising and announcing its intention to build a patch to fix the numerous problems, Warner decided to pull the title from Steam.
Most recently, Warner Bros was accused to have known about Arkham Knight's PC Problems "for months", however these claims--purportedly from internal QA employees--are not proven.
Set prior to the events in the first game in Rocksteady's Batman trilogy, this add-on will place Batgirl in a new location with multiple missions, side quests, and secrets. Featured within the game is a new hacking feature, as well as Dual Play functionality with Robin.
Buy Photo The Mackinac Bridge seen from Straits State Park in St. Ignace in July 2014. (Photo: Ellen Creager, Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
Little Traverse Bay. Mackinaw City. Mackinac Island. Cheboygan. St. Ignace.
Each could be at risk if the twin pipelines known as "Line 5," carrying some 23 million gallons of light crude oil a day through the Straits of Mackinac ruptures — part of 700 miles of vulnerable Michigan coastline identified in new research modeling 840 spill scenarios. In almost every scenario, Mackinac and Bois Blanc Islands and Mackinaw City — all places at the heart of Michigan's economically significant tourism industry — were damaged.
The research, performed by scientists at the University of Michigan's Water Center and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory, is a grim reminder of the risk posed by the aging Line 5. The pipeline is owned by Canada-based oil transporter Enbridge, the same company responsible for a devastating 2010 oil spill on the Kalamazoo River.
A reminder, because the possible environmental consequences of a failure in the 62-year-old pipeline are well known among Michigan's environmental activists, regulators and state legislators. Enbridge insists the pipeline is in satisfactory condition, but environmental advocates say the company won't make the information to back up its claims public.
Because of strong and complex currents, one researcher has called the straits "the worst possible place for a Great Lakes oil spill." The U.S. Coast Guard has repeatedly raised alarms about its ability to effectively respond to a spill on the Great Lakes, where high seas could make deployment of the ships typically dispatched to such spills unsafe. And watching a set of videos produced by the University of Michigan's Graham Sustainability Institute is like watching an environmental horror film. The videos show how oil spilled in the straits would disperse — spreading, in one scenario, almost to Michigan's thumb.
Suffice it to say, we're convinced: Transporting oil through the straits is too risky — and the Great Lakes are too important to risk. But the possible threat — and the state and nation's questionable capacity to resolve such a spill — haven't spurred many in Lansing to action.
While pipeline safety and capacity are regulated by a federal agency, Gov. Rick Snyder and Attorney General Bill Schuette have the authority to ask a judge to vacate the easement agreement that effectively allows Enbridge to function as an oil transporter. But neither man has done so.
A task force led by Schuette and former Michigan Department of Environmental Quality Director Dan Wyant (whose agency's role in the Flint water crisis prompted his resignation late last year), concluded in a 2015 report that Enbridge had violated the decades-old agreement by not maintaining the pipeline's support structures.
The task force criticized the pipeline in plain terms: The pipeline could never be built today, Schuette said, and its "days are numbered." But the task force stopped short of recommending a moratorium on flow of oil through the pipeline or phasing its operations out over time. Instead, the task force recommended a third party assess the pipeline risk, review Enbridge's financial assurances, and examine alternatives to the existing pipeline route.
An environmental group has identified existing Midwest pipelines that could replace Line 5, like the "Alberta Clipper" pipeline and Enbridge's Line 6B, which don't run through the Great Lakes.
We understand the need to balance business and the environment, safety and the well-being of Michiganders, many of whom depend on the products Enbridge transports. But care of the Great Lakes trumps all.
The state and federal governments need to bring urgency to the search for an alternative transport scheme before any of the devastating scenarios depicted in the UM/NOAA study make the leap from disturbing simulation to real-world catastrophe.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1MEWSVA
We need to stop teaching kids to play the trombone. And the oboe. And the French horn.
Particularly the French horn.
With the best of intentions, we've taught kids to be helpless cogs in a symphonic machine. Worse, we've created a system that pretty much guarantees most adults won't be able to make music by themselves.
Let's stop.
Kids should learn piano and/or guitar.
Either one will serve them well throughout their lives — and if they want to learn both, hooray! If, after becoming proficient in one, older kids choose to pick up the flute or the drums or the cello, congratulations: you now have a young person with a fundamental understanding of how music works and the curiosity to explore further.
So we're clear: I have nothing against the other instruments. They just don't belong in the hands of children, and they shouldn't be anyone's first instrument.
What's wrong with band?
Like most American kids of my generation, my first exposure to band instruments came in grade school. Our music teacher showed us a film strip that went along with a cassette tape. We learned the names and sounds of the major instruments, and were encouraged to pick one — any one, because they're all equally good.
Which is a lie. If that film strip were honest, it would have included the following points:
These instruments play a single note at a time, which works great for bands, but is incredibly limiting overall.
Bands need tubas — but if you pick tuba, you're never going to have a solo. Ever.
As a clarinet, you'll form the backbone of most school bands, but no one will actually be sure what a clarinet sounds like.
If you're good but not great, you may be asked to “take one for the team” and switch to an unpopular instrument like tenor sax.
The French horn is difficult, expensive and sounds terrible at a student's level of proficiency.
Ditto oboe. We might as well slaughter geese on stage.
Violas are just as important as violins, except that no one thinks so at all.
The film strip didn't say any of this, so I chose clarinet. I started playing in third grade.
Because I'm competitive — and because my parents could afford private lessons, and the hours to drive me to them — I was first chair clarinet in every band: school, district and county. I competed in solo at state.
I was good — but certainly not a prodigy, which made clarinet much easier to give up in high school. I was only sacrificing the time I'd invested, rather than my future career as a clarinet superstar.
Piano or guitar
Clarinet was actually my second instrument.
I took piano first, which is how I learned to read music and the basics like counting beats and time signatures — another reason I was far ahead when I started clarinet.
I dropped piano in fifth grade because clarinet demanded more of my time (band practice and lessons) and because of simple peer assessment: I was only average at piano, but compared to other fifth graders, I was amazing at clarinet.
The problem is, success at clarinet doesn't translate to music as a whole. I never learned chord progression, because clarinet plays one note at a time. I forgot how to read bass clef, because clarinet is written in treble. I only knew how to make fairly pretty sounds within a narrow range of musical genres: classical, Woody Allen jazz, and When the Saints Come Marching In.
Compare that to piano.
You can play everything on piano. Every genre, every era, every song written. Sure: Some things are better suited for the piano than others, but it's the all-purpose instrument. The five years we've been working on the Broadway version of Big Fish have been spent singing at a piano. We'll ultimately have a full orchestra, but all the musical blueprints were made on the keyboard.
The guitar is also fundamental. While you're unlikely to strum Beethoven, almost every song you've ever heard on the radio has its roots in guitar.
What's more, piano and guitar both allow you to sing as you play. Songs have words. Piano and guitar let you use them.
Piano and guitar have long-term value, but they also have immediate payback. My six-year-old daughter can play Happy Birthday on the piano — and it's always in tune, without horrible screechy noises. Teach a kid three chords and he can strum most children's songs on the guitar.
What about violin?
Sure: the violin's great, and plays an important role in Western music. But should it be a kid's first instrument? We've all seen those little kids with their Suzuki lessons, but I want to see the follow-up: How many of those kids grow up to play violin, or any musical instrument at all as adults?
A kid who learns to play piano or guitar proficiently will be able to play socially for her entire life. Moreover, the piano/guitar kid will have a better sense of chords and polyphonic structure than the kid who only plays violin.
What about drums?
If your kid wants to play drums, let him. For the sake of your neighbors, please soundproof your garage.
Ideally, you'll convince your son to try piano or guitar as well, but if you can't, at least hook him up with GarageBand so he can experiment with how percussion fits in with melody.
He probably won't be a drummer when he grows up, but he might be a DJ, so you haven't completely failed.
What about marching band?
Part of the reason I dropped clarinet was that I didn't want to march, so I'm a bad person to defend this American institution. But I'll try.
Marching band is the closest many high school students will get to a team sport, with a group of individuals working towards a common goal. For them, it's a crucial bonding social activity, so I don't want to get rid of it.
If we're going to save high school marching bands, we'll eventually have to teach the band instruments. And we can, quickly. Because here's the secret about marching bands: not only is the music fairly easy, so are the instruments.
In fact, it's common to switch players between instruments to make up for gaps in a marching band. We break out the mellophones and the marching bells and somehow it all gets done.
Students with a good musical background can pick it up quickly. And they'll have a good musical background if they spent years on piano or guitar.
Great, so how do you teach every kid piano and/or guitar?
I have no idea.
Look: I get why we have grade school bands. The simple instruments play one note at a time, and require less hands-on instruction by the teacher. We have a publishing industry that creates sheet music so that twenty-five kids can lurch through a patriotic medley. While I think teaching kids trombone is misguided, I have nothing but respect for music teachers sticking it out in times of shrinking budgets and quantitative academic obsession.
I don't know what twenty-five kids on piano looks like, or sounds like. Ditto for guitar. These instruments just aren't meant for parallel play. So if we went full piano, the school band concert would probably disappear. (Many parents would be grateful.)
However, if we got rid of grade school and junior high bands and replaced them pianos and guitars, I think the actual learning outcome — the ability to make music — would be much better. And it wouldn't have to be more expensive; digital keyboards and guitars are cheap.
If we can afford music programs at all, we can afford keyboards and guitars.
In the end, maybe it's not the school's responsibility. Parents decide what kind of musical education a child receives, and on this smaller scale, my point is much easier to make:
Skip band and get your kid started on piano or guitar.
Ideally, find a music teacher, relative or other adult to provide instruction. But if you can't, there are great books and videos to help a non-musical parent get a kid started.
I can't promise your kid will turn out to be great at piano or guitar — but they don't have to be. Both instruments are useful at far lower levels of proficiency. Becoming even halfway competent at either one will pay off much more than mastery of the trombone.
White House lawyer Ty Cobb has been attempting to keep the First Client in check by telling him that Robert Mueller's investigation will soon be over and result in his exoneration. Back in August, Cobb was confident that it would all be over by Thanksgiving. When that didn't happen, Cobb, like a millenarian cultist adjusting the date of doomsday, claimed that it would end by Christmas.
Now Christmas is almost upon us, and no light is visible at the end of the tunnel. Far from it. The investigation, which has already resulted in two indictments and two guilty pleas of Trump advisers, appears to be accelerating and drawing ever closer to the Oval Office.
What will Trump's reaction be when he figures out he's been duped — and that the Mueller probe, far from a "nothing burger," is a carafe of strychnine that poses an existential threat to his presidency? The likely result is that Trump will either pardon everyone involved or try to fire the special counsel, or both. And then the nation will be plunged into a constitutional crisis the likes of which we have not seen since Watergate.
Dark clouds forming
The storm is not yet upon us, but the dark clouds are already visible on the horizon. Ever since the guilty plea from former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn on Dec. 1, Trump and his enablers have been throwing a hissy-fit at the FBI, the "Justice" Department (the sarcastic quote marks are the president's own), and the special counsel's office by seizing on "evidence" that all three are biased against him.
Mueller inadvertently fanned the flames by quietly relieving a senior FBI agent, Peter Strzok, for sending disparaging texts about Trump to an FBI lawyer with whom he was romantically entangled. You would think that this would be evidence of Mueller's determination to avoid any taint of bias, even though FBI agents, like other federal employees, are allowed to express political views without fear of retribution.
But no. Trump has cynically twisted Mueller's action to suggest that the removal of an anti-Trump agent is somehow evidence of … anti-Trump bias. Strzok, a widely respected special agent, has now been elevated by the far-right media machine into an archfiend who unfairly exonerated Hillary Clinton and framed Trump.
Trump & Co. are also in a froth about another Mueller subordinate, attorney Andrew Weissmann. His crimes? He apparently attended Clinton's election night party and sent an email to acting Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates saying he was "proud" of her for refusing to enforce Trump's initial ban on Muslim visitors to the United States — the very ban that was subsequently deemed unconstitutional by numerous courts and totally rewritten by the administration to pass legal muster.
Add these attacks to all the other innuendos and smears emanating from the Trump camp. There is the claim that Mueller is biased because he is friends with fired FBI Director James Comey, who is anti-Trump even though Comey did as much as anyone to elect Trump. That members of Mueller's staff have made campaign donations to Democrats. That the FBI erred in showing interest in the dossier on Kremlin-Trump links compiled by a respected former MI6 officer. That FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's wife received money from Clinton. (In fact, she received campaign funds from the Democratic Party of Virginia and a political action committee associated with Virginia's Democratic governor when she ran for a state Senate seat in 2015.)
Based on such flimsy reasoning, Trump besmirches not just Mueller's team but the whole FBI, tweeting: "After years of Comey, with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more), running the FBI, its reputation is in Tatters — worst in History!" At his Pensacola rally Friday, held to promote the Senate candidacy of a man accused of child molesting, Trump decried the entire American government for being biased against him:
"This is a rigged system," he said. "This is a sick system from the inside. And you know there's no country like our country but we have a lot of sickness in some of our institutions." It doesn't take much imagination to figure out which "institutions" he is talking about.
Trump's cheerleaders
Naturally, the most fervent Trumpkins have gone even further than Trump himself; in fact, they are said to be frustrated by the "restraint" he has shown in his war against Mueller. Listen to what the talking heads at state TV, aka Fox News, are saying.
Sean Hannity calls Mueller "a disgrace to the American justice system" and "the head of the snake." Jeanine Pirro, sounding very much like a budding commissar, claims: "There is a cleansing needed in the FBI and the Department of Justice. It needs to be cleansed of individuals who should not just be fired, but who need to be taken out in handcuffs."
Greg Jarrett compares the FBI to the KGB, as if the G-men were running gulags in Alaska: "I think we now know that the Mueller investigation is illegitimate and corrupt," he says. "And Mueller has been using the FBI as a political weapon. And the FBI has become America's secret police. Secret surveillance, wiretapping, intimidation, harassment and threats. It's like the old KGB that comes for you in the dark of the night banging through your door."
And, right after the commercial break, the Fox hosts will excoriate Democrats and NFL players for being "anti-police" and glorify Trump for championing "law enforcement." In fact, to judge by his public pronouncements, Trump is only in favor of enforcing the law against black and brown people. If it's a matter of saving his own skin, he and his partisans will gleefully burn the nation's premier law enforcement agency to the ground.
It doesn't matter to them that Mueller is a decorated combat Marine, professional prosecutor, and — ahem — Republican who has been universally revered for his probity. No less an authority than Newt Gingrich said on May 17: "Robert Mueller is superb choice to be special counsel. His reputation is impeccable for honesty and integrity." But now that Mueller is closing in on Trump, Gingrich scoffs, "How can you seriously say this guy (Mueller) is neutral?" and claims: "At the very top, the Justice Department and the FBI became corrupted."
If you take seriously such accusations, you would have to conclude that only Republicans are allowed to investigate a Republican president — and not just ordinary, apolitical Republicans like Mueller but very partisan Republicans. Does that mean, therefore, that only Democrats can investigate Democratic presidents? Hardly! After all, most of Trump's defenders were also defenders of Kenneth Starr, an active Republican who was appointed to investigate Bill Clinton in 1994 after an earlier independent prosecutor, Republican Robert B. Fiske Jr., was judged to be insufficiently zealous. So apparently the rule is that Democrats are simply not allowed to be prosecutors. Or only Democratic presidents should be investigated. Or something.
In 2014, voter turnout hit new lows for a midterm election: The most recent census data suggest turnout was a measly 41.9 percent. It's likely that turnout was even lower, since the census data, while the best we have, is slightly inflated by the fact that people overreport socially positive behaviors like voting. Data that directly examines the number of votes counted suggest that turnout was around 36.6 percent of the voting-eligible population. But, while census data aren't perfect, they allow us to examine turnout among different demographic groups (though even here, there are flaws). Looking at the data, I find a pretty stunning gender gap among one racial group: Black men are far less likely to vote than black women, and this is likely the legacy of mass incarceration.
The numbers are stark. In 2014, turnout among non-Hispanic white men was 45 percent, but among black men it was 36 percent (among Asian men it was 26 percent and among Latinos 25 percent). While the male/female turnout gap was 2 points on average, it was 1 point among non-Hispanic whites, 3.5 points among Latinos and 1.7 points among Asians. Among blacks, the gap was 7.7 points.
Advertisement:
Validated data (which are far more accurate, but only available for some years) tell a similar story. A 2013 study by Stephen Ansolabehere and Eitan Hersh showed, using validated data, huge gaps in turnout between black (and Latino) men and women in the 2008 election. They write that, “The largest gender gap is among Blacks: black women are 17 percentage points more likely to vote than black men.”
A sound reason for low-turnout among black men (and possibly among Latino men as well) is felon disenfranchisement. One recent study finds, “1 of every 13 African Americans of voting age is disenfranchised, a rate more than four times greater than non-African Americans.” The reason for why mass incarceration might depress black male turnout is simple: Both the Census Bureau and Ansolabehere/Hesh measure turnout as a share of citizen voting age population. However, a not insignificant share of the citizen population above the age of 18 cannot vote because they are either incarcerated or live in a state that disenfranchises former felons. (McDonald adjusts for this in his turnout data -- though not for lifetime felon disenfranchisement.) As political scientist Bernard Fraga has shown, once this is controlled for, black male turnout actually exceeded that of white men and women in 2012.
There are other reasons to suspect that the carceral state is behind low black turnout, and could explain some low Hispanic turnout. Vesla Weaver and Amy Lerman find that interactions with the justice system reduce civic participation, trust in government and voting. The effect is powerful: “The probability of voting declined 8 percent for those who had been stopped and questioned by the police; by 16 percent for those with a history of being arrested; by 18 percent for those with a conviction; by 22 percent for those serving time in jail or prison.” The relationship holds even after controlling for socioeconomic status and the propensity to commit crimes.
Politicians like Rick Scott, governor of Florida, have used felon disenfranchisement to maintain power. In 2011, Scott overturned an executive order that had previously allowed felons to regain access to the ballot box after navigating a complicated process. The result is that the number of disenfranchised felons in 2010 in Florida (although data on ex-felons are difficult to come by) was 1,541,602. For comparison, in 2014, 6 million ballots were cast in the Florida midterm, and Scott won by a mere 66,127 votes. One study estimates that former felons would turn out at a rate of about 24 percent in a midterm election. Assuming that level of turnout in Florida, nearly 370,000 more people would have voted -- possibly costing Scott his seat.
Advertisement:
The consequences of felon disenfranchisement are real. As I've noted before, voter turnout helps to determine the distribution of government, and depressed turnout means that many low-income and black counties receive less funding. In a 2003 study, Paul Martin found that counties with higher turnout receive more funding from the federal government, and, more recently, he and Michele P. Claibourn find that “districts that vote at lower rates have less impact on their representatives' policy positions.” That could be a part (though certainly not the full) explanation for why African-Americans aren't represented as well as whites. Disenfranchisement also creates other problems: research suggests that restoring voting rights reduces recidivism rates.
Ending mass incarceration and felon disenfranchisement is a first step toward healing our democracy, but it is certainly not enough. Another glaring disparity is turnout among Asians and Latinos, which can partially be explained by lower registration rates among those populations. Among registered Latinos and Asians, the gaps in turnout are far lower (see chart). But that's only the first step: nonpartisan get-out-the-vote operations, competitive districts and easier access through both early voting and increased use of technology would also boost turnout. The policies politicians advocate can also boost turnout. But the results of Weaver and Lerman's study suggest something further: we need to make sure that government is working to the benefit of Americans. When people primarily associate the government with policing and incarceration, they are far less likely to be active in their society and community. America cannot claim to be a true and vibrant democracy with so many still denied the basic right to vote and large shares of the population are locked in cages.
German Bitcoin exchange bitcoin.de and Fidor Bank have announced a new “Bitcoin Express” option for Fidor Bank customers to buy and sell bitcoin instantly on the exchange.
The new option addresses the delays involved in exchange transactions. Bitcoin exchanges like BitStamp, which are not licensed banks, must often wait hours or even days for a transaction to be cleared by an external bank. But because Fidor Bank is fully licensed, it is able to provide a direct interface to the mainstream banking system, eliminating transaction delays.
As a result, holders of a “Fidor Smart Giro Account” are now able to purchase bitcoin directly from a bank account and receive bitcoin immediately after the purchase. They can also sell bitcoin to another Smart Giro Account holder and have the money instantly credited to their account. Since the money is always in the user's bank account, customers don't have to worry about the possible insolvency – or dishonest behavior – of an external exchange operator.
The Smart Giro Account is a full bank account with all the standard features, including interest on credit balances and a low-cost credit card. The latter is, in practice, equivalent to a card that can be recharged with bitcoin.
Oliver Flaskämper, board member of bitcoin.de, said, “That is not only good news for all Bitcoin fans, but also good news for fintech companies based in Germany. “
Fidor Bank CEO Matthias Kroener commented: “The prompt conducting of [Bitcoin transactions] from one bank customer to another bank customer enhances security massively. As such Fidor Bank is setting a further milestone in digital banking.”
In related news, Fidor Bank disclosed plans to expand to the U.S. market. Kroener praised U.S. authorities' open and pragmatic middle-of-the-road approach to Bitcoin regulation.
Kroener is persuaded that traditional U.S. banks are losing their appeal, especially among younger generations, because they don't offer the innovative services that today's tech-savvy consumers demand.
“The reason that a lot of very successful fintech startups are happening in the U.S. is not only because there are so many talented people setting up those businesses. It is also because there is a huge gap in innovative services.”
Fidor Bank is known as a modern Internet Bank and an early adopter of new trends in fintech with innovative services for connected consumers. Fast Company named Fidor Bank one of the world's top 10 most innovative companies of 2015 in personal finance, and described it as a social bank that leverages cutting-edge technology to respond to customer wishes.
Fidor Bank's fintech community website invites developers, notably dubbed “Pirates of Banking,” to become “part of reshaping the post-crisis banking industry through cutting-edge technology instead of doing the minimum to be compliant.” The deployment of innovative fintech services in the U.S. market could boost the mainstream acceptance of Bitcoin and the digital economy as a whole.
A THOUSAND OAKS, Calif. -- Wade Phillips, the unlikeliest of Twitter experts, is actually a pretty big fan of Drake and Future. Yes, Drake and Future. The rappers. One of his favorite songs is their popular collaboration entitled "Big Rings." Phillips, 70, will intermittently reference lyrics from it.
During media day for Super Bowl LI, Phillips was asked about wearing his Denver Broncos Super Bowl ring and said, "I've got a really big team, and they need some really big rings." When Aaron Donald ended his holdout and attended his first practice with the Los Angeles Rams, Phillips, in his 26th season as an NFL defensive coordinator, walked by a reporter and said, "What a time to be alive."
"He likes Future," Rams cornerback Kayvon Webster said of Phillips, "but he likes more of the Drake."
Another part of that Future-Drake song fits Phillips' current situation:
You and yours/versus me and mine./Are we talkin' teams?/Are we talkin' teams?/Oh you're switchin' sides?/Wanna come with me?
Phillips heads back to the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex this weekend, an opponent at AT&T Stadium for the first time since being fired as the Dallas Cowboys' head coach midway through the 2010 season. He has since switched sides. Now it's the Cowboys and their potent offense, versus Phillips and his talented-yet-struggling defense. Yes, we're talking teams. (Last one, I promise.)
"The good thing about Texas is there are no taxes," Phillips said. "But they still charge you that California tax when you go to Texas, so I don't understand that deal. That's another story. Yeah, we spent some good years there. I enjoyed being there, worked hard for three and a half years there, and it was a big part of my life at the time. It still is. I have fond memories.”
Phillips was hired as Cowboys head coach in 2007 and led the team to two playoff appearances and 33 regular-season victories in his first three years, signing an extension through 2011 shortly after the 2009 season. But then the Cowboys started 2010 with a 1-7 record and Phillips was fired by Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, which Phillips detailed in his book, "Son of Bum: Lessons My Dad Taught Me About Football And Life."
Rams defensive coordinator Wade Phillips was the Cowboys head coach from 2007 until midway through the 2010 season. Robert Hanashiro/USA TODAY Sports
Phillips, who plugged the book a couple of times during Thursday's news conference, said Jones "was good to me" and dismissed the idea that his Cowboys stint ended on a bad note.
"Most of the teams in the league, it didn't end well with me," Phillips said. "If I had a vendetta against any team that fired me, I'd have about a quarter of the league."
Phillips' main concern is how his defense matches up against an offense that is still basically run by Jason Garrett, who served as Phillips' offensive coordinator and later replaced Phillips as Cowboys head coach. Phillips' defense allowed a combined 806 net yards against the Redskins and 49ers in back-to-back games and now faces a Cowboys offense that ranked fifth in the NFL in points last season.
The Rams' defense entered the season expecting to be an elite unit, but that has only been the case against a shorthanded Colts team in the season opener.
"We're going to be all right," Phillips said. "We're getting better."
The Rams (2-1) will get a boost with Webster returning, but they might not have free safety Lamarcus Joyner, who didn't participate in their two most recent practices because of a hamstring injury. Phillips was encouraged by the Rams limiting the 49ers to 3.4 yards per carry last Thursday, four days after allowing the Redskins to rush for 229 yards on only 39 carries. But the Rams still allowed 39 points to a 49ers team that didn't score a touchdown in its first two games.
Strong safety Maurice Alexander believes the Rams "have to be more detailed," but that has nothing to do with getting acclimated to Phillips' 3-4 defense.
"It's us," Alexander said. "It's us as a defense. Wade's coaching everything the right way, and we've just got to go out there and execute."
Phillips is encouraged by the turnovers, with the Rams coming within three yards of returning three interceptions for touchdowns through the first three weeks. He called Sunday's visit to Dallas (2-1) a "premier challenge" because the Rams will be facing a Cowboys offense without any discernible weaknesses.
"We look at it as a big challenge," Phillips said. "I think we'll see a lot about our team this week as far as where we are, to match up with that premier offense."
The only Cowboys who remain from Phillips' time there are tight end Jason Witten, cornerback Orlando Scandrick, long snapper L.P. LaDouceur, linebacker Sean Lee and wide receiver Dez Bryant. The Cowboys drafted Bryant leading up to what became Phillips' last season with the team, and Bryant, dripping sweat, gave Phillips a big bear hug moments before this year's preseason opener between the Rams and Cowboys. "Thanks, Dez," Phillips told him sarcastically.
Phillips has only been back to AT&T Stadium once since being fired. It was as a fan in 2014, the year he took a break from the NFL, to watch the Cowboys face the Redskins, who had Sean McVay as the offensive coordinator and Phillips' son, Wes, as tight-ends coach. Of course, he posted a tweet ...
About
A passion project, this will follow my original character named Pippa, told in a set of sketches as she explores the worlds of BDSM and Pony-Play for the first time. intended to be a "coffee table" style artists sketchbook, containing non-graphic nudity and adult themes. It will also contain depictions of consensual bondage and BDSM situations. This will not contain images of non-consensual anything, graphic violence, or overt pornography of any kind.
Risks and challenges
I am trying to secure this funding for 2 primary reasons:
1) Self-publishing costs; the money raised will partially go to fund the actual, physical printing and binding of the book.
2) Time; the remainder of the money raised will act as a self-funded fellowship, allowing me to take time from work to focus on completing this project.
I do not foresee any major issues that should prevent me from completing this project, other than a "random act of god" which would not delay, but stop me from being able to complete this project. If such a thing were to occur, all funding would be returned.
Sandy Is The Next War, According To Army Sustainability Report
November 9th, 2012 by Tina Casey
U.S. Army Sustainability Report 2012
The Army's Sustainability Report 2012 does not pussyfoot around the issue of global warming. From the beginning it states that “rising demand for scarce resources, increasing regional unrest, and the effects of climate change are just some of the trends that will affect our future security environment.”
In that context, the report lays out a long-term national defense strategy grounded in energy conservation, alternative energy, water conservation and sustainable waste management.
While clearly focused on military goals, the report also is not shy about identifying environmental sustainability with fundamental human welfare. The opening paragraph lays it all out:
“Training, equipping, and supporting the Army's operations require land, resources, and people. By implementing sustainability principles and practices, the Army will decrease future mission constraints, increase flexibility and resilience, safeguard human health, improve Army quality of life, and enhance the natural environment.”
A Blueprint for Sustainability
The report covers actions taken in 2010 and 2011. At the policy-making end, the Army took the important steps of forming the Senior Energy and Sustainability Council and issuing the Army Sustainability Campaign Plan. Together, these establish the institutional framework that is needed to bring about top-to-bottom change in an organization. That means identifying sustainability as a unifying goal that prioritizes and guides future action.
At the implementation end, the actions include large-scale projects such as Army Net Zero, which aims to demonstrate that sprawling, complex facilities can be taken off the grid and meet net zero standards for energy, water, and/or waste.
The Army also launched the Energy Initiatives Task Force in 2011. This is an office staffed with specialists whose mission it is to relieve base commanders from the administrative burden of getting utility-scale solar power and other alternative energy installed at Army facilities. A recent memorandum of understanding between the Departments of Defense and the Interior will help streamline the Army's alternative energy construction process, too.
On a more brick-by-brick end of the scale, the actions include habitat and wildlife conservation on training grounds, a stepped-up focus on wellness and family life, and reducing or eliminating the use of toxic materials.
Any and all of the actions outlined in the report already have a civilian counterpart (the net zero waste initiative is one good example).
Moving beyond the Sustainability Report, the Army is leading a cultural revolution that should make the collective hair of Glenn Beck, Rush Limbaugh, and Fox News stand on end. Its newly launched “The Power is in Your Hands” initiative calls upon each Soldier and civilian to participate in an “energy-informed culture” grounded in new technology and smart choices.
That's something the “support our troops” faction in Congress might want to keep in mind when their new term begins in 2013.
(Disclosure note: I live and work in Sandy's path. More on that in the next post!)
Image: Arizona Army National Guard Eco-Building, some rights reserved by U.S. Army Environmental Command
Follow me on Twitter: @TinaMCasey
Across the globe, Danny Boyle's opening ceremony provoked respect, excitement, the occasional whiff of disdain and no little bafflement.
Perhaps the most enthusiastic foreign reaction came from the States, where both the Washington Post and New York Times liveblogged the ceremony, although hard ball negotiating from NBC meant it was only broadcast after the event.
The Washington Post appeared particularly energised by the Queen's appearance. "So, we're all watching this movie at Olympic Stadium in which James Bond (Daniel Craig) walks into the Royal Palace," wrote Mike Wise. "He's followed by two mutts and suddenly walks in to see, yes, Queen Elizabeth. It's her first role. Ever!" The Post's verdict? "It's corny, cheesy, altogether over the top. And it works! […] This is awesome."
It fell to the US Slate economics columnist Matt Yglesias to dampen spirits, he tweeted: "Watching these open ceremonies, fairly confident that China will bury the west."
In China the state TV commentators did an admirable job of galloping through potted explanations of everything from the industrial revolution to Mary Poppins but appeared to be stunned to near-silence by the parachuting Queen.
On Sina's Weibo microblog, ordinary viewers seemed more enthusiastic, with one voting her an adorable old lady for participating – but concluding that the ceremony did not match the grandeur of Beijing's. Others seemed to see that as a plus: "Will this be the most rock and roll opening ceremony ever?" asked one art and entertainment journalist.
Japanese channel NHK showed the ceremony live from the early morning. Two enthusiastic reporters explained cultural and historical references, with nods to Harry Potter, Peter Pan – and Rowan Atkinson's turn in Chariots of Fire – producing the biggest excitement.
On Copacabana beach, nervous Brazilians watched the show they would have to live up to: laughing at Bond, commenting that the Queen looked grumpy, but generally impressed by the spectacle. "I hope Rio can match this," said one. "Perhaps we will be embarrassed after this," added another.
The commentator on Italy's state-run RAI network pointed out that Boyle was "as unpredictable as the people here", with Italian correspondent Margherita Ghinassi adding: "Only in London could it be this way." Germany's prestigious conservative newspaper the Frankfurter
Allgemeine Zeitung said that London's hosting of the opening ceremony
passed off with "heart and humour … spectacular, but also thoughtful
and touching". It said: "Billions worldwide in front of their TV were enchanted by a stylish show that merged the traditional and the modern in colourful images." Spain's El Mundo correspondent John Muller tweeted: "I think that, despite all their mistakes, it has become clear that without the UK our lives would not be the same."
At the High Commission in Delhi, the Queen's appearance brought every guest to their feet, but tweets from across Africa were rather less supportive. Zimbabwean journalist Ranga Mberi tweeted:"#OpeningCeremony segment supposedly showing the people who built modern Britain. But I don't see many immigrants. OK Britain, we see you flaunting your history. Where's the bit in which you invade, loot, kill and plunder?"
Zimbabwean "gadget geek" Richard Mberi tweeted: "Worst Olympic opening ceremony ever! Trust the Brits!"
Confused South African political activist Zak Mbhele tweeted that viewers outside the country needed "to have taken a hallucinogen before watching the #OlympicGamesOpeningCeremony to get it." But Verashni Pillay, deputy editor of South Africa's Mail & Guardian Online, tweeted: "Other countries show off their national costume, a few local dances. The English boast by being excessively self-deprecating. Awesome."
Perhaps the only country not to be caught up in the thrill and fun of the event was, perhaps inevitably, our neighbour across the Channel who merely gave a Gallic shrug. At the display of British technology and invention, French commentator and tennis star Amelie Mauresmo said: " Decidedly, they [the British] have invented things," while during the NHS section another commentator said that in the health service the medicines and treatment were free, but added: "Of course you have to wait several weeks to be treated." The royal scenes, at least, needed no translation, with the commentator noting: "Ah oui. Les corgis."
This election was all about picking a conservative, constitutional minded Supreme Court justice. With one nomination under his belt, Trump just might be picking another before we know it.
The Federalist Papers gives the story on Ruth Bader Ginsburg's possible retirement.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg just announced that while she intends to finish out 2017, her future on the bench beyond that is uncertain.
Ginsburg, 83, told the BBC that she plans on making big decisions on her future one year at a time.
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
“At my age you have to take it year-by-year,” Ginsburg said.”I know I'm OK this year, but what will be next year?”
“I'm hopeful, however, because my most senior colleague, the one who most recently retired, Justice John Paul Stevens, stepped down at age 90. So I have a way to go,” she continued.
Justice Ginsburg has been seriously critical of Trump. There would be a sweet irony in having him name her replacement.
Image: Source
Jeff Swensen via Getty Images Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally on October 27, 2016 at the Spire Institute in Geneva, Ohio.
History warns us to be very, very careful when using the phrase “white working class.” The reason has nothing to do with political correctness. Rather, it concerns the changing historical definitions of who is “white.”
Eduardo Porter in the New York Times , uses this construction to ask, “Did the white working class vote its economic interests?” He claims that current data shows white people losing out to blacks and Hispanics in getting their fair share of the new jobs created since 2007: Despite accounting for less than 15 percent of the labor force, Hispanics got more than half of the net additional jobs. Blacks and Asians also gained millions more jobs than they lost. But whites, who account for 78 percent of the labor force, lost more than 700,000 net jobs over the nine years. Porter further argues this is happening because blacks and Hispanics live mostly in the thriving urban areas while most white people live in declining rural areas. Only 472 counties voted for Hillary Clinton on Election Day. But ....they account for 64 percent of the nation's Only 472 counties voted for Hillary Clinton on Election Day. But ....they account for 64 percent of the nation's economic activity . The 2,584 counties where Mr. Trump won, by contrast, generated only 36 percent of America's prosperity. Porter therefore believes that the white working class flocked to Trump as a way to protest their economic decline.
But this conclusion is flawed: Neither the studies nor Porter provide a definition of “white working class.” Is it all white people? Does it include management? Professionals? We're not told.
Nor do they provide any evidence that the actual work experiences of white and black working people are starkly different no matter how the class is defined.
Rural America, also, is not lily white. Hispanics and African Americans make up a total of Rural America, also, is not lily white. Hispanics and African Americans make up a total of 17.5 percent of rural and small town America
Further, the research grounding my book Further, the research grounding my book Runaway Inequality shows that working people as a whole (defined as the 85 percent of us who are production and non-supervisory employees) have seen their real wages fall since the late 1970s ― all shades, all colors.
Finally, most of the new jobs created are low-wage, part-time service sector jobs ― jobs that often pay poverty wages. As the Wall Street Journal Finally, most of the new jobs created are low-wage, part-time service sector jobs ― jobs that often pay poverty wages. As theWall Street Journal reported in 2015, “More than 40% of the jobs added in just the past year have come in generally lower-paying fields such as food service, retail and temporary help.” So getting the lion's share of these jobs is not a pathway to prosperity. Dog Whistle Whites
What these studies and reports do accomplish however is to sound the latest dog whistle about race in America. They create an image in our minds of a coherent white working class, hunkered down in the declining manufacturing sector ― white rural workers who have needs and interests different from black and brown urban workers. In doing so, this image feeds into a long history of white working class creationism that divides working people by race.
An early instance of this process took place in the aftermath of Bacon's rebellion (1675), during which Nathanial Bacon united black slaves, and white indentured servants into a rebellious army against Virginia planter elites. (It was less than a noble enterprise in that Bacon wanted more government attacks against Native Americans.) After the rebellion was put down, plantation owners gave special privileges to poor whites in order to drive a wedge between them and black slaves. It worked.
A dramatic redefinition of “white” took place during the late 19th and early 20th centuries as mass immigration and colonialization expanded. So-called race scientists studied cranial size and shapes, skin color, and hair texture to create a biology of race. By 1911, the U.S. Immigration Commission published its A dramatic redefinition of “white” took place during the late 19th and early 20th centuries as mass immigration and colonialization expanded. So-called race scientists studied cranial size and shapes, skin color, and hair texture to create a biology of race. By 1911, the U.S. Immigration Commission published its Dictionary of Races or Peoples , that listed 29 separate races. The Southern Italian race, for example, is described as “excitable, impulsive, highly imaginative...having little adaptability to highly organized society.”
Race science defined “white” as a narrow category that excluded virtually everyone who didn't come from northern Europe. By the First World War, U.S. immigration policy was informed by early IQ tests given to immigrants on Ellis Island that Race science defined “white” as a narrow category that excluded virtually everyone who didn't come from northern Europe. By the First World War, U.S. immigration policy was informed by early IQ tests given to immigrants on Ellis Island that supposedly showed that “87% of Russians, 83% of Jews, 80% of Hungarians, and 79% of Italians were feeble-minded.”
Management “Race Science”
These race scientists created a vast hierarchy of races seen in the chart below designed for a Pittsburgh steel company in 1926. It is based on the idea that each “race” by its intrinsic nature possesses certain skills and attributes that makes it suitable to certain work tasks.
This “science” provided the rationale for dividing the workforce by ethnic group which had the added virtue of weakening worker solidarity and keeping unions at bay. This became particularly acute after 4 million workers went on strike at the end of WWI. The largest strike involved 350,000 steelworkers that finally collapsed after 14 weeks of pitched battles. It is highly likely that the skills chart was designed to prevent such a resurgence.
(One can only speculate why the Jewish “race” was placed at the bottom of the hierarchy. One reason may be because two of the largest unions in the country ― the Amalgamated Clothing Workers and the International Ladies Garment Workers Union were Jewish led and contained hundreds of thousands of Jewish immigrant workers. So if you hired Jewish workers into the steel industry, the odds were high they might be predisposed to unionism or be union plants.)
The Whitening of America
A confluence of events rapidly changed the definition of white in the1930s and 40s. The rise of American industrial unionism successfully organized “unskilled” immigrant workers, blacks and Hispanics into broad-based unions. So much for the race chart.
The mobilization for WWII further melded together all the “lower” ethnic groups except for black, brown and yellow. And after the atrocities at the Nazi death camps were revealed, the earlier race science industry was thoroughly discredited.
What causes the definition of race to change?
The definition of “white” and of “race” in general depends on the needs of the most powerful elements of society. To justify slavery and Jim Crow, race science gave Southern elites a justification for denying human rights to millions with darker skin colors.
The “science” of the early 1900s created finely grained racial hierarchies that conveniently justified immigration restrictions and colonialism. Colonial powers argued that since their “race” was at the top of the ladder, they had the right and the duty to rule lesser peoples and their countries.
To successfully mobilize America against the “master race” and the “yellow peril” during WWII, American leaders permitted “white” to be broadened to include most of what previously had been considered lesser races. (However, racist Southern Democrats and their lock-down control of Congress made sure that black and brown people were denied New Deal benefits and therefore would continue to suffer as separate races. The Japanese internment camps further heightened the idea of a separate race of “Orientals.”)
So what color is Obama?
White mother, black father means you are black? White? Half-black? Half white?
That kind of question leads us to think about race as a biological as well as a sociological category. Skin color is real biology isn't it? And what about sickle-cell anemia?
But folk science is not real science. But folk science is not real science. One in 13 African-American babies is born with a sickle-cell trait. Sickle cell trait can also affect Hispanics, South Asians, Caucasians from southern Europe, and people from Middle Eastern countries.
Similarly, every effort to construct a black or white race through genetics Similarly, every effort to construct a black or white race through genetics has failed . No one yet has found a gene that signals a separate race.
Here's a fact of life that may startle you. Here's a fact of life that may startle you. Eighty-five percent of all genetic variation is among people within a population and only 15 percent of the variation among humans is between different populations and continents. This means that any two black people chosen at random will have far more genetic differences from each other than a randomly selected white and a black person. Biologically speaking the old cliché is true: There is only one race ― the human race.
What is Race?
Over a century ago, W.E.B. Dubois put forth perhaps the clearest, most exact definition of race: “A Negro is a person who must ride Jim Crow in Georgia.”
He understood, as should we, that race always is a social construction, a human invention used to create a hierarchy of power. It is not genetics. It is not biology. And in the case of the “white working class” it's not even accurate sociology.
When we invent the white working class, we whitewash an increasingly diverse manufacturing workforce. Take the workforce at Carrier, which is in the news because of Trump's effort to prevent its jobs from moving to Mexico. Isn't it a perfect example of a beleaguered and declining white working class in Indiana, looking to Trump for help?
No, the Carrier workforce is 50 percent African-American. Half of the assembly line workers are women. Burmese immigrants make up 10 percent of the employees.
Drop the dubious “white working class” construction and we'll see that Porter is asking the wrong question. It's not whether the imagined white working class voted for its own economic interests by voting for Trump.
Rather, the real question is this: Is it even possible for working people of all kinds to vote their economic interests given the corporate orientation of both parties?
What do you think?
(This piece originally appeared on Alternet.org)
Les Leopold, the director of the Labor Institute, is currently working with unions and community organizations to build the educational infrastructure of a new anti-Wall Street movement. His new book Les Leopold, the director of the Labor Institute, is currently working with unions and community organizations to build the educational infrastructure of a new anti-Wall Street movement. His new book Runaway Inequality: An Activist Guide to Economic Justice serves as a text for this campaign. All proceeds go to support these educational efforts.
Drug users
Before the 1974 revolution, drug use was not a major issue in Portugal. The previous reign of an authoritarian dictatorship between 1926 and 1974 meant Portuguese society was completely isolated from events in other countries. After the revolution however, thousands of soldiers and colonists came back from Africa, many of whom had already developed drug habits and brought with them large quantities of illegal substances.
At that time drugs started to be associated with the notions of free expression and independence; more and more people experimented with illegal substances. But the following decade was marked by the appearance of HIV/AIDS and made drug consumption the most pressing problem in Portugal. Generations were devastated by addiction, high levels of drug-related crime and by syringe-borne diseases.
According to a 2012 national survey, drug use increased between 2001 and 2007, before a slight decrease over the next five years to 2012.
In recent years there has been an increase in the market – as witnessed on a European level – for new kinds of psychoactive substances, known as “legal highs”. New varieties emerge quickly and are becoming increasingly popular because they are cheaper and easily accessible compared to illegal drugs.
The most common drugs
The 2012 survey revealed, alcohol, tobacco and general medicines were the most commonly taken legal ‘drugs' in Portugal.
The most commonly taken illegal drug was cannabis. The study reports that 8.3% of Portuguese people have tried it. Ecstasy comes in at second place with a prevalence rate of 1.1%, followed by cocaine at 1%.
Most affected groups
According to the 2012 survey, the highest prevalence of drug use occurs among those aged between 15 and 44 years. Among the 25-34 age group, the lifetime prevalence (the drug has been taken once or more) of cannabis is 16.2%, ecstasy 2.5% and psilocybin or ‘magic' mushrooms 1.2%.
Cocaine, on the other hand, is taken by nearly the same proportion of people in the 25-34 group (1.7%) as the 35-44 age range (1.8%). Amphetamine use had a similar distribution with a rate of 0.8% for the 25 to 34-year-olds and 0.7% among the 35 to 44-year-olds. Heroin use was significantly higher among those aged 35 to 44 (1.4% compared to 0.4% with 25 to 34-year-olds)
Prevention and treatment
National prevention methods in Portugal focus on the reduction of supply and demand for drugs as well as working on a social and medical level. Action plans are developed based on diagnostic studies and through monitoring projects that have been implemented.
In the context of school populations, the results show that drug use – which had been rising since the 1990s – decreased for the first time in 2006 and 2007, though there was an increase in 2010. There are a variety of other programmes, such as preventative programmes in the workplace. Each year an average of 91,015 individuals participate in the programmes, at cost of around €3.50 per individual.
Since 1998 drug substitution treatments have been in place in the country, allowing drug addicts to take methadone or buprenorphine with a medical prescription, substances that allow them to replace heroin and calm withdrawal symptoms. In addition to that, in order to reduce rates of HIV infection, a needle exchange programme was set up. Programmes are also present in prisons where inmates have the same access to treatment as other citizens. Outpatient services are mainly provided by the state, whereas residential treatment is usually offered privately.
According to an external evaluation of the National Plan Against Drugs and Drug Addiction, the number of clients in treatment increased from 30,226 in 2004 to 38,292 in 2011. In 2011 the number of clients receiving treatment for alcohol addiction almost equalled the number of people receiving treatment for illicit drug use.
A new strategy, which will be implemented over the next seven years, includes separate initiatives targeting drugs and alcohol and treatment for other addictive behaviours. The aim is to reduce all types of dependency across all ages. With regards to drug use, the strategy expects to achieve a reduction of 10% over the next three years.
Police
In July 2001, Portugal became the first European country to decriminalise the use and possession of all illicit drugs.“Decriminalisation” applies to the purchase, possession, and consumption of all drugs for personal use, “not exceeding the quantity required for an average individual consumption during a period of 10 days”. This means that people found with low quantities of drugs will not receive a criminal punishment.
Those who are found to be in possession or under the influence of drugs are brought before a ‘dissuasion commission' made up of lawyers, judges and health care or social service workers. They can authorise a zero penalty or recommend treatment, making their decision from a health perspective. A small fine is also an option, although it is often seen as a last resort.
In the absence of any evidence of addiction the fine can be suspended or, if the offender is found to be an addict but “agrees to undergo treatment”, the dissuasion commission usually provisionally suspends proceedings.
Drug trafficking, however, continues to be prosecuted as a criminal offence. Dealers and traffickers are still arrested and jailed. Supplying drugs to a child or to a person with a mental illness also remains illegal; the punishment of imprisonment ranges from 4 to 12 years.
There are also other kinds of punishments for those who are caught in possession of or under the influence of drugs. Article 17 allows the dissuasion commission to impose a variety of measures which can include a suspension of the right to practice a licensed profession, a ban on visiting high-risk areas or associating with specified individuals or an obligation to provide periodic reports to the commission to prove there is no ongoing addiction. The decision depends on the seriousness of the act, the type of drug that was taken and whether the use was occasional or habitual.
Finding the one right way to say “I love you” can be difficult, so why not try it eight different ways? This unique Valentine's Day card, created for us by designer Spencer Harrison (AKA Spenceroni), takes the form of a miniature zine, complete with a slipcover and eight pages to sing the praises of your one-and-only. It uses standard letter-sized paper, so you can create a bespoke one-off for that special someone, or run it through a photocopier and send the sweetness to all of your loved ones. Check out all of the directions after the jump! —Max
Materials
Red paper
White letter-size paper
X-Acto Knife
Cutting mat
Ruler
Small glue stick
Pencil
Pens and markers
Directions
1. Fold a sheet of letter paper into 8 divisions as shown below.
2. Using an X-Acto knife and ruler, carefully cut a slit lengthwise down the middle crease between the two outer folds.
3. Fold the paper in half and push the two sides of the paper together to form a cross.
4. Fold the arms of the cross together to form a little booklet. This will be the basis of your mini zine.
5. Place your mini-zine on the red paper and cut a strip of of red paper roughly 1 inch wider than the zine.
6. Fold the red paper around the mini-zine to create a cover. Cut off the excess paper.
7. Using a ruler and pencil, mark the width of the zine on the red paper. Cut the excess red paper off of one side and cut the other side on angles to create tabs as pictured below.
8. Turn the slip over and use the X-acto knife to die cut a heart or other shape into the front of the cover.
9. Run some glue along each of the tabs, fold over and glue to other side to create the cover slip. Your zine should slide easily into the cover.
10. Now the fun bit! Use pens and markers to draw the cover and the inside of your zine. You could even paint, use collage or any of your own favorite techniques. Some ideas for Valentine's subjects for your zines could include:
I love you more than…
My favorite things about you are…
Things you do that make me smile…
6 reasons you should be my Valentine…
11. Once complete, slip the zine inside the cover and give it to your valentine!
Robbery, hate charges for 3 Occupy protesters OAKLAND
Three people identified by police as Occupy Oakland protesters were charged Friday with robbery and hate crimes for allegedly battering a woman and stealing her wallet Feb. 22.
Oakland police said the woman was walking in the 4000 block of Piedmont Avenue around 6 p.m. last Wednesday when she heard a small group of Occupy Oakland protesters "calling for a riot."
"The victim, who has been a resident of the area for over 20 years, suggested to the protesters not to riot in her neighborhood," police said in a written statement. "She was surrounded by three protesters and battered as they yelled vulgar epithets regarding their perception of her sexual orientation."
The victim eventually broke away from the group and called police, according to the statement. Her wallet was taken during the confrontation.
One of the suspects was arrested that night, while the other two were arrested Wednesday at another Occupy Oakland protest, police said.
The Alameda County district attorney on Friday charged 32-year-old Michael Davis, 23-year-old Nneka Crawford, and 24-year-old Randolph Wilkins with robbery and a hate crime, according to police.
In the statement, Oakland police said they prioritize hate crimes for immediate investigation because "a suspect who commits a hate crime aims not only to terrify or harm one individual but to threaten and terrorize the entire actual or perceived group of people to which the victim may belong."
This morning, I watched AWS' webinar presenting their container service. Here are some quick notes, for those of you who are as curious as I was about it!
This is not meant to be an intro to Docker. This is not meant to be an intro to EC2 or to AWS. This is for people who are already familiar with AWS, specifically with EC2, and who are already familiar with Docker, and wonder what's behind the ECS (EC2 Container Service) announcements made at AWS re:invent last November.
AWS has made the video available if you want to watch the webinar yourself.
Bullet points
TL,DR:
it's supposed to be a set of building blocks, usable “as-is” or as part of something more complex
your containers will run on your EC2 instances (a bit like for Elastic Beanstalk, if you're familiar with that)
there is no additional cost: you pay only for the EC2 resources
it only works on VPC
the service is currently in preview (behind a sign-up wall) in us-east-1; general availability will come in the next few months
there is no console dashboard yet; you have to use the CLI or API
for now, you can only start containers from public images hosted on the Docker Hub, but that's expected to change when the service goes out of preview
Glossary of terms
Here is some vocabulary to help you to mash through the ECS docs.
Container instance
A “container instance” can be any EC2 instance, running any distro (Amazon Linux, Ubuntu, CoreOS…)
It just needs two extra software components:
the Docker daemon,
the AWS ECS agent.
The ECS agent is open source (Apache license). You can check the ECS agent repo on github.
Cluster
That's a pool of resources (i.e. of container instances).
A cluster starts being empty, and you can dynamically scale it up and down by adding and removing instances.
You can have mixed types of instances in here.
It's a regional object, that can span multiple AZs.
Task definition
It's an app definition in JSON. The format is conceptually similar to Fig, but not exactly quite like it.
I don't know why they didn't pick something more like Fig, or more like the Docker Compose project. It might be because almost everything else on AWS is in JSON, and they wanted to stick to that.
Note: Micah Hausler wrote container-transform, a tool to convert Fig/Compose YAML files to the ECS task format:
Task
A task is an instanciation of a task definition. In other words, that will be a group of related, running containers.
The workflow
So, how does one use that? The workflow looks like this:
Build image using whatever you want. Push image to registry. Create JSON file describing your task definition. Register this task definition with ECS. Make sure that your cluster has enough resources. Start a new task from the task definition.
Now, diving into the details; there are 3 ways to start a task:
Use the CLI command start-task . You must then specify the cluster to use, the task definition, and the exact container instance on which to start it. It's a bit like doing manual scheduling. Use the CLI command run-task . You must then specify the cluster, task definition, and an instance count. It will run ECS default resource scheduler (which is a random scheduler). Bring your own scheduler!
The webinar had a demo involving Mesos; they started container from Marathon, from Chronos, and using the CLI as well, and the containers were visible everywhere. That looked cool. Initially, I didn't understand how it worked; but the people who built it were kind enough to chime in and explain:
@jpetazzo the Mesos integration is via a Mesos scheduler driver — Deepak Singh (@mndoci) January 15, 2015
@mndoci @jpetazzo the scheduler drive speaks to AWS ECS only, there are no Mesos masters or slaves involved. Just ECS + Marathon/Chronos — William Thurston (@williamthurston) January 15, 2015
Networking
Not much on that side.
Containers can be linked (the task definition allows naming containers, and then to indicate that a container is linked to another one) but I don't know how that works.
My personal take
My understanding is, that ECS as it is today is a technological preview.
There are a some items that are still to be clarified, like the use of private registries (but on that front, Docker Hub Enterprise might eventually come on AWS; and it will likely integrate nicely with ECS).
Docker-centric point of view
I would love if:
container instances and clusters could be managed with Docker Machine
task definitions and tasks could be managed with Docker Compose as the frontend
Docker Swarm could be used as a custom scheduler
Those interoperability points would let anyone move their container workloads seamlessly form/to ECS. More importantly, they will let anyone use the elasticity and scale of EC2, without having to learn APIs and concepts specific to ECS.
AWS-centric point of view
I would love if:
ECS could integrate with Cloud Formation (that's plannned)
I could also build images (that's pretty trivial with an ad-hoc instance)…
… and push them on a S3-backed registry that would be neatly integrated with ECS (notably for security credentials)
Last words
Full disclaimer: I haven't tested ECS yet (and unfortunately, I don't know if I'll be able to). So if you have any feedback or useful tip that would be useful for others, don't hesitate to let me know!
The Dutch government's decision to stop transferring payments to Holocaust survivors who also receive one from the Israeli government, has sparked outrage among survivors from the Netherlands.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
During a hearing Tuesday, the Knesset Finance Committee found out that the Dutch government's decision was made following their finding out that an equivalent benefit was given to survivors from Israel's Finance Ministry.
Following talks conducted between the Dutch authorities and Holocaust survivors' organizations in Israel and the Finance Ministry's Holocaust Survivors Rights Authority, survivors received a notice at the end of December. Channel 10 reported that those who receive a monthly payment from the Dutch government will not receive the payment from the Israeli Ministry of Finance.
Dutch Holocaust survivor Abraham Roet
In the letter sent by Ofra Ross, director of the Holocaust Survivors' Rights Authority it was noted that by law the benefit cannot be paid to survivors already receiving a survivor's allowance.
The letter ended by saying: “we apologize for the inconvenience and wish you good health and longevity." In addition, the elderly survivors were told that they had to report to the authority within two weeks if they receive a payment from the Dutch government.
Abraham Roth, 87, a Holocaust survivor from the Netherlands, testified Tuesday in the Finance Committee hearing. Roth, who survived the ghetto in Amsterdam and whose two sisters were murdered in Auschwitz, said that many Dutch Jewish Holocaust survivors would rather give up the Israeli Ministry of Finance's allowance provided the government in Amsterdam does not stop its payment to survivors.
"The Dutch government is trying to find a technical loophole to save a few bucks on the backs of Holocaust survivors, while the Israeli government announced the termination of the allowance," said Roth. "The Dutch have a responsibility to the survivors and the crimes committed in their territory, and they cannot shirk it. The two governments cannot deny their obligations towards the survivors."
As far as is known, the Dutch government's decision has not yet been put into practice. However, the chairman of the Finance Committee, MK Moshe Gafni (United Torah Judaism) announced Tuesday night that he would turn to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to urge him to intervene in the Dutch government's decision. "I am determined to resolve the matter and will definitely not let it pass just like that.”
Halloween is just around the corner and we want to celebrate with our latest version of collectors bills… Collector Bones
Wondering what Collector Bills are?
By using Swagbucks as your search engine you will randomly earn SB for your searches. Every month we like to spice it up by giving you collector's bills. These are search wins that have special “Bills” assigned to them that you get to keep FOREVER! Check out your account summary to find all the past and current collectors bills you've earned. And, if you earn every bill in the series you'll get a bonus that moth.
Starting on Monday, October 5th 12am PDT/3am EDT we'll be kicking off our spooky series of Collector's Bills.
There are 5 bills in this series for you to collect.
4 SB
6 SB
10 SB
15 SB
25 SB
If you collect all five, you'll be received a 20 SB Bonus.
Make sure you participate in the Haunted Hunt Search and Learn (details coming soon) to improve your chances of collecting these spooktacular bills!
Share the excitement when you earn a bill and share it on the Swagbucks Facebook page or Twitter and hashtag #CollectorsBones #Halloween. Let's see who will be collecting all 5!
FAQs
How many bills are in the Collectors Bones series?
There are 5 Bills in the Collectors Bones series
How long do I have to collect all 5 Collectors Bills?
You have 7 days to collect all 5 bills.
When does the contest start and end?
The collector's bills become available at 12am PDT/3am EDT Monday, October 5th through 11:59pm PDT October 11th/2:59am EDT October 12th.
What countries can participate?
All members in the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, and Australia can participate in our Collectors Bones series.
Let us know if you have any questions in the comment below
~Team Swagbucks
Old engines fascinate me. I love to restore old machines. Many machines are scrapped because of broken castings, or parts cost more than a working machine is worth. I knew of several machines that could be had for little more than the time spent to recover them…If only I could produce iron castings. After some research, I found that iron could be easily melted in a cheaply built shaft-furnace called a “cupola”. With this in mind, broken machines that had been junk, were now viable restoration projects.
Casting iron parts may seem complicated at first, but after a little practice, it comes quite easily. The casting process is briefly described in the following photos. The example in this case is a set of shoe anvils for my brother in-law's shoeshine booth. Because the shoe anvil is a round part, it is split down the middle and held together with short dowels. Just as easily, I could have used a machine part; however seeing a split pattern is a good start.
One half of the pattern is set on a section of plywood called a molding board.
A flask holds the sand mold together. It is divided into a top section called a cope and a bottom section called a drag. Set the drag around the pattern. Dust the pattern and molding board with parting dust, which is a plastic powder used to make the pattern release from the sand. Set a “riddle” or screen over the flask and pattern and shovel some molding sand in. Work the sand through the screen to remove and trash or lumps. Carefully pack the sand around the pattern by hand so as to not jar the pattern out of place.
Ram the sand tightly around the pattern with a rubber mallet
When the mold is full, strike off or scrape the flask with a striking bar.
Repeat the process until the top surface is smooth and level. Set a bottom board over the mold and roll the whole thing over.
Lift the molding board off to expose the bottom half of the pattern in the sand.
The top half of the doweled pattern is set in place.
Dust the pattern with parting dust. In this case I am using an old sock to hold the parting dust.
The mold is filled and struck off like the bottom.
Cut a sprue and some risers in the mold by driving a short section of thin pipe through the sand with a hammer. Open the mold, remove the pattern, blow out the loose sand and cut a runner or trough for the molten metal to flow. (note: the photo shown is from a faceplate casting) Vent the mold by piercing the sand with a stiff wire.
The mold is closed and the flask is removed from the sand. Several finished molds are waiting to be poured.
Fire up the cupola and tap a ladle full of hot iron.
Pour the waiting molds, in this case a 58-pound lathe faceplate is being poured.
When the castings cool they are dug out of the sand. A fresh shoe anvil casting straight from the sand.
The runner is cut with a hand grinder and broken off with a hammer.
A few passes with a hand grinder and the casting is ready to be drilled and painted. Other castings poured that day included these head and tailstocks to be used on a small cam grinder, and the face plate.
Pouring iron is easier than you might think. Once you can produce castings, many good restoration projects are now available to you. New machines can be built from scratch. The possibilities are endless.
Never underestimate the importance of safety in a foundry. Metal is extremely hot and will spatter if spilled on a wet surface, (this includes concrete). Be sure to wear long pants and sleeves. Boots, goggles, a hat and face shield or welders mask. Good luck and happy casting.
Author: Steve Chastain
Steve's web page – stephenchastain.com
Park Select Park Frontier City, Oklahoma City, OK Hurricane Harbor Concord, CA Six Flags America and Hurricane Harbor, Baltimore, MD/Washington DC Six Flags Corporate Six Flags Darien Lake, Buffalo, NY Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, Vallejo, CA Six Flags Fiesta Texas and White Water Bay, San Antonio, TX Six Flags Great Adventure, Jackson, NJ Six Flags Great America and Hurricane Harbor, Chicago, IL Six Flags Hurricane Harbor, Arlington, between Dallas and Ft. Worth, TX Six Flags Magic Mountain, Los Angeles, CA Six Flags Magic Waters Six Flags New England and Hurricane Harbor, Springfield, MA Six Flags Over Georgia and Hurricane Harbor, Atlanta, GA Six Flags Over Texas, Arlington, between Dallas and Ft. Worth, TX Six Flags St. Louis and Hurricane Harbor, St. Louis, MO Six Flags White Water, Atlanta, GA The Great Escape and Hurricane Harbor, Lake George, NY Wet 'n' Wild Phoenix, Phoenix, AZ Wet 'n' Wild Splashtown, Houston, TX White Water Bay, Oklahoma City, OK
Keyword
Physicists at Stanford University have identified an important new trait of a chemical compound that could become an heir to silicon, perhaps transforming the computing industry.
The researchers found that electrons in a chemical compound called bismuth telluride have a unique property: They can travel without resistance, losing no energy. This suggests that there might be a new way to carry more information than silicon-based chips can handle.
It is one of many competing ideas in the search for new tools that could accelerate the development of even smaller, cheaper and more powerful computers.
“We're at the very beginning of understanding this new class of materials,” said lead investigator Yulin Chen of Stanford Institute for Materials & Energy Science. “The next step is to apply what we've learned — to see if it can be fabricated and made functional.”
Engineers have been doubling the number of components that fit on a piece of silicon, called a chip, every two years. This miniaturization trend, dubbed “Moore's Law,” has produced modern computers that are enormously more powerful than their predecessors.
But soon the industry may hit a wall because there are limits to what silicon can do.
Scientists are exploring several different possible successors. One is optical computing, which relies on photons rather than electrons. Another is nanochemistry using tiny chemical processes.
The new discovery at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory uses electronic spin to carry information, part of a new field called spintronics.
Spintronics takes electronics down to the quantum level. Because electrons don't just carry charge — they also carry an “up” or “down” spin, which can be read as a binary pattern — they can be used to store information.
When voltage is put on top of Stanford's new material, electronics flow without resistance. This approach to energy flow means lower power use and makes it possible for smaller devices to process information.
Stanford scientists had speculated the bismuth telluride had this unique characteristic. But its unique property, called topological insulation, was finally revealed by using X-rays from the Stanford Synchroton Radiation Light Source at SLAC and the Advanced Light Source at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. Their findings are published online in the June 11 issue of the journal Science Express.
However, the material — shiny, reflective and black, grown in special campus furnaces — can only carry small currents so it is not yet applicable.
But it could pave the way for a paradigm shift in microchip development, according to team member Xiaoliang Qi.
“This could lead to new applications of spintronics, or using the electron spin to carry information,” Qi said. “I'm optimistic it can lead to new devices, transistors and spintronics devices.”
But Dag Spicer, senior curator of the Computer History Museum in Mountain View, was cautious in interpreting the significance of the finding.
“It's exciting to think about potential applications for a new discovery — but such ruminations are often devoid of common-sense factors like economics, training, consumer desire, manufacturability and so on,” Spicer said. “Silicon has had its death knell sounded for the last two decades.”
Contact Lisa M. Krieger at lkrieger@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5565.
SAS is continuing to expand and strengthen its holiday destination offer to Scandinavian frequent flyers. When the 2017 summer program starts, SAS will open six new all year routes from Scandinavia. SAS is also increasing flights to Spain, Portugal and Croatia, adding over 330,000 seats in its summer program. Altogether, SAS will open 15 new routes in its summer program.
The first of SAS 30 new Airbus A320neo's with 15 % less fuel consumption
will be operating from October 26th.
Today is the first day of sales for the SAS summer program 2017 that will gradually be introduced into in late March. In the summer program, SAS is introducing six new all year routes to popular European destinations for both business and holiday travelers from Scandinavia. The new all year routes are Copenhagen to the Faroe Islands and Riga, from Aalborg to Oslo, from Bergen to Gdansk and from Stockholm to Munich and Krakow.
“SAS has more departures and destinations than any other Scandinavian airline and we are continuously improving our offer to our customers. The way we do this includes opening new routes, offering all new cabins, fast track, lounges plus we are about to take delivery of our first new Airbus A320neo,” Rickard Gustafson, President and CEO of SAS says.
330,000 more seats to Spain, Portugal and Croatia
In addition to these new all year routes, SAS is also increasing the number of seats and departures to main destinations in Southern Europe in the high season. This means that SAS will have 1,800 more flights to Spain, Portugal and Croatia and 330,000 more seats. For example SAS will increase departures to popular destinations such as Malaga, Barcelona, Alicante and Palma in Spain.
At the same time, SAS is opening nine new summer season routes from Scandinavia to popular holiday destinations in Southern Europe. SAS customers can look forward to new routes from Copenhagen to Malta and Olbia; from Aarhus to Malaga; from Oslo to Pristina; from Stavanger to Nice; from Kristiansand to Malaga and from Stockholm to Lisbon, Shannon and Pristina.
“We know that our frequent flyers also prefer us when they go on holiday. This is why we have very successfully strengthened what we offer to popular holiday destinations in recent years, something we will continue to do,” Gustafson says.
SAS is opening a total of fifteen new routes from Scandinavia to European destinations in its 2017 summer program.
Timetable
Denmark:
All year routes
Copenhagen-Faroe Islands: First departure 26 March 2017, daily
Copenhagen-Riga: First departure 26 March 2017, twice daily except Saturdays
Aalborg-Oslo: First departure 26 March, daily except Mondays and Saturdays
Summer high season routes
Copenhagen-Malta: from 25 June – 13 August, departures Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays.
Copenhagen-Olbia: From 24 June – 5 August, departures Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Aarhus-Malaga: From 2 July – 6 August, departures Sundays.
Norway:
All year routes
Oslo-Aalborg: first departure 26 March 2017, daily except Mondays and Saturdays
Bergen-Gdansk, first departure 29 March, departures Mondays, Tuesdays and Fridays
Summer routes
Oslo-Pristina: 4 August – 2 September, 10 roundtrips on selective dates
Stavanger-Nice: 24 June 17 – 5 Aug 17, departures Saturdays
Kristiansand-Malaga: 05 july – 9 August, departures Wednesday
Sweden:
All year routes
Stockholm-Munich: First departure 26 March 2017, daily except Fridays
Stockholm-Krakow: First departure 26 March 2017, departures Thursdays and Sundays
Summer routes
Stockholm-Lisbon: 25 June–06 August 2017, departures Thursdays and Sundays
Stockholm-Shannon: 1 August –7 October 2017, departures Tuesdays and Saturdays
Stockholm-Pristina: 1 August –26 August 2017, eight roundtrips on selective dates
For more information, please contact:
SAS pressoffice, phn +46 8 797 2944
Acharacle, Rent To Buy Project
This 2 bedroom property located within Acharacle is currently still in its final stages of construction. Although we are looking to allocate the new home in the very near future.
The building was designed and constructed by S&K MacDonald Homes, creating a home which is both modern and energy efficient.
Heating is provided by an air to air heat pump with A rated efficiency. Hot water is provided by a mains pressure direct cylinder, Megaflow Direct. The first floor is for future development. Initially the home will have 2 bedrooms downstairs as shown on the ground floor plan.
The windows and external doors are Scandinavian style softwood, while the external of the home will be made up of larch cladding.
The Application Process
The Rent to Buy Scheme aims to help mainly, but not exclusively, first time buyers who wish to own a home, such as people living in social housing; private rented housing; or with relatives. However other factors may lead to a person being selected for the scheme such as a significant change in your household circumstances. If you already own your home or part-own a property you will be required to sell your interest in that property in order to make you eligible for the scheme.
The allocation process of our properties follows specific criteria, in an attempt to ensure that the most suitable applicant or family is successful in securing their own affordable home. Priority is given to those who:
(i) living in the area where the homes are located,
(ii) have immediate family there,
(iii) work in the area,
(iv) or have a need to live there.
(v) are currently living out with the area, but can add social and economic benefit by moving to the area.
(vi) can release a social rented home
These criteria ensure that the house is allocated to whoever will receive the most benefit from the property, while also allowing someone who has a connection to the area, to remain living in the area.The Highlands Small Communities Housing Trust aim to help rural communities become both socially and economically sustainable in their own right. A large number of people are having to leave their rural communities to live and work elsewhere, meaning these small villages and areas suffer. As more and more people from rural backgrounds are forced to relocate, HSCHT's various housing schemes try to prevent this by allowing families who have lived in the area for generations to continue this tradition. In an attempt to enhance the economic and social sustainability of rural areas in the Highlands, these new properties can also act as accommodation to young or skilled individuals who have the potential to benefit the community.
We will assess all applications to ensure that applicants can afford the monthly rental payments and that they are likely to secure a mortgage for the home in 5 years' time, based on their current circumstances.
1. Complete HSCHT's application form.
2. Provide HSCHT with the supporting documents listed on the enclosed form to prove that you can fully fund your rental payments and in due course, your mortgage. Please return the form and documents by the specified date otherwise your application may not be considered.
3. HSCHT will assess the applications and allocate the homes according to the allocations policy. All applicants will receive a letter to let them know if they have been successful or not.
4. Successful applicants will be sent a letter and a reservation form, which they need to return to HSCHT with the reservation fee.
5. HSCHT will instruct their solicitor to provide successful applicants with the short assured tenancy agreement, the end user agreement and other associated paperwork for the home. You will be required to sign up to the RTBS at this point, and whilst not essential you are advised to take advice from your own solicitor on all aspects of the scheme.
6. You will be kept up to date as to when the home will be ready for occupation.
Sample Application Form. Contact us for a full application form if you are interested.
We are currently accepting applications for the following schemes –
Alness, Greener Homes x 2. As featured in our previous blog. Click For Link.
Daviot, Greener Homes x 2
Kyleakin, Rent To Buy x 1
Acharacle, Rent To Buy x 1
Request an application form or brochure for this project by contacting us by email or on 01463 233 549.
If you are unable to apply for this Rent To Buy house in Acharacle, but are interested in moving to a new home within the area, a further property will be available within the coming months, as HSCHT work on renovating an existing empty property, bringing it up to livable standards to provide a great new home to another individual, couple or family. This community owned project will be supported by the Nationwide Foundation, who have included the trust as part of their Empty Homes funding. More information will become available nearer the time, and the project will feature on this blog. However, if you would like to know more, or wish to express early interest in the project, get in touch with me by emailing michael.chisholm@hscht.co.uk
Though not connected to these UFO mysteries , this discovery is puzzling nonetheless. According to Beforeitsnews, “the body of a perfectly preserved, carefully mummified an alien was found buried in an ancient pyramid. A mysterious creature from between 150 and 160 centimeters was found by an archaeologist near Lahun when exploring a small pyramid near the Dynasty doceaba of Senusret II.” Continue reading for one more picture, a bonus video, and additional information.
According to Egyptian sources, the alien mummy was discovered by Dr. Viktor Lubek, Czechoslovakian citizen and retired professor of the University of Pennsylvania. Archaeologist located the hidden compartment while conducting an investigation into a small pyramid south of the main pyramid, Senusret II, which contains the queen of the pharaoh. At the site also found some gold and clay mixtures covering the body, and traces of cloth linen like appearance, the skin covering the enigmatic being.
“The truth is, that every expert who has seen the mummy have concluded that it is not of earthly origin,” said the source. “There is a sense that this is an alien who somehow ended up advising an Egyptian king.” But everyone in the government is moving away from that conclusion that would support the new ideas that the ancient Egyptians had help from aliens in building their extraordinary civilization. “The Egyptians refuse to believe that their heritage came from outer space.”
Image caption China is often criticised for its widespread use of the death penalty
China has executed two officials from eastern cities after convicting them of corruption.
Xu Maiyong, a former vice-mayor of Hangzhou, and Jiang Renjie, who was vice-mayor of Suzhou, were put to death after their appeals were rejected.
Officials said Xu and Jiang took almost 300m yuan ($46m; £29m) by embezzling and taking bribes.
Corruption is one of the main causes of public discontent in China. Hundreds of officials are convicted every year.
But only a handful are executed, and it is extremely rare for two officials to be put to death on the same day.
Xu was said to be well known for his extravagant lifestyle - reports said investigators found gold bullion and expensive jewellery at his home.
State-run Xinhua news agency reported that he used his power to interfere with project contracts and to help companies and people obtain land, promotions and tax breaks.
The 52-year-old was sentenced to death in May for taking almost 200m yuan in bribes and embezzled funds.
Jiang, 62, was given the death penalty in 2008 for taking more than 100m yuan in bribes.
The two cases are not linked, but both men were earlier reported to be members of the Communist Party.
Earlier this year, President Hu Jintao focused on corruption during his main speech to celebrate 90 years since the party was founded.
He warned that corruption could cost the party the support of the people.
Several high-profile officials have been executed in recent years - including Shanghai's former party boss, and a former head of the country's main nuclear firm.
Jack Carter's Jeep First Appearance: pilot
It has ...
1. Crashed into a particle beam weapon (Dr. Nobel)
2. Been hit by a piece of space debris (Duck, Duck Goose)
3. Had its windshield smashed by a golf-club (Maneater)
4. Had its windows blown out by Martha's sonic blast (Bad to the Drone)
5. Had its engine block shot through by a Global Dynamics laser sentry turret. (Phased and Confused)
6. Had its roof scorched by Captain Eureka's rocket-boots (Phased and Confused)
7. Been set aflame when Captain Eureka was attempting to put out a fire (Phased and Confused)
8. Had its tires melted off (Here Come the Suns)
9. Been crushed by runaway gravity-wells (Welcome Back, Carter)
10. Been shot by Tiny's laser (A New World )
11. Been smashed by Tiny (Momstrosity)
12. Been shaken apart by an acoustic oscillator (The Ex-Files)
13. Been hit by a flying car (I'll Be Seeing You)
14. Crashed through an invisible building (I'll Be Seeing You)
15. Floated off into space (Up in the Air)
16. Melted (One Small Step...)
17. Been sucked up into a black hole, then dropped into Lake Archimedes (One Giant Leap...)
18. Blown up by giant Martha (Lost )
19. Sucked underground (The Worst Case Scenario )
20. Crashed through a police barricade (Double Take )
21. Been sucked through a wormhole into the Global Dynamics rotunda, then dismantled by GD employees (Just Another Day... )
Trivia Edit
Rep. Sander Levin noted that even after approving TPP, there has been little change to worker conditions in Vietnam. (Photo: Lauren Victoria Burke / AP)
A federal trade agency tasked with reporting on the economic benefits of proposed trade deals came up empty last month when it reviewed the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP).
While the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) has regularly served as a big booster of past trade agreements even when they didn't warrant them, its evaluation of the 12-nation Pacific Rim deal was different. There was only so much lipstick USITC could put on this pig of a pact.
Instead of improving the nation's trade deficit, the agency report predicted the opposite. That would lead to nearly 130,000 lost jobs. And it predicted losses in 16 of 25 U.S. economic sectors, making it clear that if the TPP ever gets through Congress, it will be a disaster for many in the workforce. In total, the document estimates only 0.15 percent growth in the nation's GDP over the next 15 years.
That's just not going to get it done. The commission's findings only give further credence to this union's belief that the TPP is a lousy deal for the country's workers. Manufacturing, in particular, will be the hardest hit because workers in countries like Vietnam are paid pennies on the dollar compared to those in the U.S. This country should not engage in a race to the bottom.
In fact, Rep. Sander Levin, D-Royal Oak, noted how Vietnamese workers have been mistreated when they have tried to stand up for their rights in the workplace. Yet even after approving TPP, there has been little change to worker conditions there.
“U.S. trade agreements require our partners to provide rights for workers in order for them to earn a decent living and in order to create a standard of economic competition between countries that is not based on their exploitation leading to a race to the bottom,” he wrote.
Meanwhile, everyday Americans gain little from these deals. The USITC report estimates a decline in output from manufacturing, national resources and energy of $10.8 billion. And the miniscule economic growth predicted over the 15-year period that the document examines means it would only take the U.S. 45 days longer to reach the same growth level without TPP than it would if the trade deal were enacted.
Is that really worth the loss of U.S. jobs, the slashing of wages, the increased importing of unsafe food and products into this country, more expensive medicines and a less clean environment? Clearly not. Remember, the USITC's numbers have traditionally been rosier than reality when it comes to trade deals. So these optimistic assumptions likely mask the actual economic results the Pacific Rim trade agreement would bring. It's probably worse than this document suggests.
Those aren't the only concerns. The TPP would empower more foreign corporations to sue the U.S. government in private tribunals so they could demand taxpayer compensation for American laws they claim violate their rights under the trade agreement.
This deal is only a good one for big business. Voters in Michigan recognized it when they voted in March, and more elected officials are recognizing it now as well. The Teamsters urge lawmakers to stick to those convictions and defeat the TPP if it comes to a vote.
Labor Voices
Labor Voices columns are written on a rotating basis by United Auto Workers President Dennis Williams, Teamsters President James Hoffa, Michigan AFL-CIO President Ron Bieber and Michigan Education Association President Steven Cook.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1sKglLu
UberX, which launched in Sydney in April, is a controversial low-cost initiative from Uber that allows anyone with a vehicle to register as a hire car driver. Legally, hire car or taxi drivers must have specific licences in order to operate. Mr Howarth claims that UberX drivers are "operating outside the law," and that they are undermining the work of licensed Uber drivers. On Thursday, he decided to take the law into his own hands. "I ordered an UberX car and got in the vehicle," Mr Howarth said.
"I asked the driver if he had the proper insurance, a public passenger vehicle authority or if he had paid his plate fee. "When he admitted to driving a hire car illegally, I informed him I was a private citizen and that I was affecting a citizen's arrest. "When I took him in with me to the police station, they got a bit confused." When police questioned his right to arrest someone, Mr Howarth recited section 352 of the Crimes Act of 1900. "A person (other than a police officer) may, without a warrant, arrest a person if they are in the act of committing an offence under any act or statutory instrument," he said.
The law relating to a citizen's arrest now falls under Section 100 of the Law Enforcement (Powers and Responsibilities) Act 2002. Newtown police said that the UberX driver had the correct credentials. "Police checks revealed that the driver was driving a registered vehicle and was properly licensed, meaning no further police action was taken." They would not comment on the legality of citizen's arrests.
Uber has labelled the arrest a "stunt".
"It was an attempted publicity stunt," an Uber spokesman in Sydney said. "I'm sure we would have heard if any Uber partners had been arrested, but we have not." Mr Howarth claims that he will continue to arrest an UberX driver every day until the NSW government clamps down on the hire care service. Mr Howarth alleges that "Uber is contravening the legal system, blatantly avoiding paying GST and other relevant taxes". Thursday's arrest was borne out of frustration with the government's inaction over UberX and its drivers skirting the law, Mr Howarth said.
Uber claims that its low-cost UberX service will offer customers up to a 20 per cent discount on standard hire car fees. is in breach of the passenger transport act. The maximum penalty is a $110,000 fine. The NSW Minister for Transport, Gladys Berejiklian, warned that hire car drivers who were not licensed appropriately would face the consequences. "It is currently illegal for drivers in NSW to participate in what we call 'ride-sharing' activities like UberX," she said. "The Roads and Maritime Service has already issued several fines of thousands of dollars for those breaking the law.
"My main concern at this stage is the safety of customers." Mr Howarth said that he had now started a national campaign, and that he had "hundreds of licensed hire car drivers ready to enforce citizen's arrests of UberX drivers".
The Taxi Council of NSW said that it did not condone any citizen's arrests, but that it did have concerns over Uber's business model. Uber has not responded to requests for comment about the legality of their operations.
A prototype is a preliminary model of something. Projects that offer physical products need to show backers documentation of a working prototype. This gallery features photos, videos, and other visual documentation that will give backers a sense of what's been accomplished so far and what's left to do. Though the development process can vary for each project, these are the stages we typically see:
Risks and challenges
Finetuning the design
Paxter is only as great as its functionality can make it which will be useful for people in their daily lives. Paxter was designed for maximum simplicity of use, guaranteed performance and ease of manufacturing and assembly. Pre-production prototypes have been made to test and refine the product. With products that are designed to store liquids one of the danger zones is proper sealing. We have engaged with one of the best engineering companies in the world to make sure the final product has no flaws. Minor design changes might be required as we continue the work to perfect the final product. We want to assure a 100% leakproof design along with outstanding functionality of the moving parts. We will make sure that Paxter exceeds customers expectations and provides a convenient product for every user, for many years to come.
Manufacturing
Tooling and a mould making process will be developed by true professionals in the industry and supervised by the creator of Paxter. Our manufacturing partners have a long standing track record of manufacturing goods for many industries and pride themselves on quality control. Stringent guidelines and a specific set of rules and procedures will be utilized to make sure only the highest quality parts go into the assembly of the final product.
Wikimedia Commons Cuban ex-president Fidel Castro lashed out at the United States and Europe on Monday, accusing them of war-mongering and comparing the NATO military alliance's representatives to the Nazi SS.
In a tortuous column published in Cuban state media, the father of the island's communist revolution also attacked US Senator John McCain over United States policy in the Middle East, calling him "Israel's most unconditional ally."
"The world has seen no respite in recent years, particularly since the European Economic Community, under the strict and unconditional leadership of the United States, decided the time had come to settle scores with what was left of two great nations (Russia and China) that... had carried out the heroic deed of putting an end to the imperialist colonial order imposed on the world by Europe and the United States," said the 88-year-old leader.
He accused the West of "cynicism" and said the trait had become "a symbol of imperialist policy."
He singled out McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential candidate, saying he had supported Israel's Mossad intelligence agency and "participated together with that service in the creation of the Islamic State, which today controls a considerable and vital portion of Iraq and reportedly one-third of Syria as well."
Turning to NATO, Castro said the alliance's representatives were reminiscent of Nazi Germany's feared SS.
"Many people are astonished when they hear the statements made by some European spokesmen for NATO when they speak with the style and face of the Nazi SS," he said.
"Adolf Hitler's greed-based empire went down in history with no more glory than the encouragement provided to NATO's aggressive and bourgeois governments, which makes them the laughing stock of Europe and the world."
Castro handed power to his younger brother Raul in 2006 amid a health crisis, and has since devoted his time to writing books and articles and receiving foreign dignitaries.
Sen. John McCain was diagnosed with a brain tumor following an earlier craniotomy to remove a blood clot from above his left eye, the Mayo Clinic Hospital in Phoenix said on Wednesday.
The hospital's examination of the tissue revealed that a primary brain tumor, know as a glioblastoma, was associated with the blood clot.
McCain and his family are reviewing further treatment options, which may include a combination of chemotherapy and radiation.
"Further consultations with Senator McCain's Mayo Clinic care team will indicate when he will return to the United States Senate," his office said in a statement.
The announcement follows a procedure that McCain, 80, had on July 14.
MCCONNELL DELAYS ACTION ON HEALTH CARE AFTER MCCAIN SURGERY
According to his office, McCain is "in good spirits as he continues to recover at home with his family in Arizona."
McCain ran for president twice. He lost the GOP nomination to George W. Bush in 2000 and was the Republican nominee in 2008 before losing to Barack Obama in the general election.
McCain was a prisoner of war in Vietnam for more than five years. Injuries from being tortured left the veteran Arizona senator unable to lift his arms above his head.
MCCAIN: NO 'PARTICIPATION TROPHIES' FOR GOP AFTER HEALTH CARE FAILURE
"Senator John McCain has always been a fighter," President Donald Trump said in a statement. "Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy and their entire family. Get well soon."
McConnell said, “We all look forward to seeing this American hero again soon.”
McCain's daughter, Meghan, is a co-host of Fox News Channel's "Outnumbered."
"It won't surprise you to learn that in all this, the one of us who is most confident and calm is my father," Meghan wrote on Twitter. "He is the toughest person I know. The cruelest enemy could not break him. The aggressions of political life could not bend him. So he is meeting this challenge as he has every other. Cancer may afflict him in many ways: but it will not make him surrender. Nothing ever has."
Sexual exploitation of vulnerable children has become the social norm in some parts of Greater Manchester, fuelled by explicit music videos and quasi-pornographic selfies, an MP has warned.
The systematic grooming of boys and girls remains a “real and ongoing problem”, a year after Greater Manchester police (GMP) was forced to admit it had failed abuse victims in Rochdale, said Ann Coffey, a former social worker who is now the Labour MP for Stockport. “My observations will make painful reading for those who hoped that Rochdale was an isolated case,” she writes in a significant report.
She said Britain needed a big change in attitudes towards child sexual exploitation similar to how perceptions of gay rights have changed over recent decades. She believes such exploitation should be declared a priority public health issue, like smoking, obesity, alcohol and drug use, so that a more strategic approach can be developed.
Coffey said police, social workers, prosecutors and juries are often inherently (albeit unconsciously) prejudiced against vulnerable teenagers – perhaps explaining why, out of 13,000 reported cases of major sexual offences against under-16s in the past six years in Greater Manchester, there have been only 1,000 convictions.
The report also suggests there is a significant underestimation of child sexual exploitation in Greater Manchester: GMP figures on recorded sexual offences against under-18s between 1 June 2013 and 31 May 2014 show that only 111 cases out of 1,691 were flagged on the police computer as child exploitation.
During the eight months Coffey spent researching her report, schoolgirls, some prepubescent, told her that being harassed by older men while in their school uniform was simply “part of everyday life”. They also reported online abuse, but said it didn't bother them. “Big men will stop little girls in the road and the street. In person, it's real. But you can block it online,” said one girl.
They complained that men regularly tried to touch them or entice them into their cars, but that when police were alerted, officers told the girls: “Do not be causing trouble.” One girl told the MP: “The police have a stereotype of what we are, and we know that, so we do not go to them for help. We think: what's the point? Young people do not call the police because we know how they look down at us. We have to just focus on getting away from the guys.”
Another said: “If my house got burgled, I would go to the police; but if someone touched me, I would not go to the police because I feel it would be a waste of time.”
Coffey said she was shocked to discover that the Crown Prosecution Service threw out a child sexual exploitation case on the basis that a victim wore cropped tops. Another never went to trial after the girl's father told a social worker his daughter was a “slag” and only had herself to blame. Initially prosecutors didn't want to take the 2012 Rochdale grooming case to court because of concerns about the credibility of the witnesses.
Nazir Afzal, chief crown prosecutor for the north-west, said he had written to Coffey to ask her for details of these cases. He said: “We would be extremely concerned if these comments were given as reasons for deciding not to take a case to court, but when setting out decision making it is also the duty of the prosecutor to anticipate likely angles that might be taken by the defence in their cross-examination of the victim, which could include references as it is alleged were made here.”
While welcoming the report, Afzal said it “does not recognise the leading role that the Crown Prosecution Service has played in transforming the criminal justice system's approach to child sexual abuse cases, in Greater Manchester and across the country.” He said the introduction of specialist prosecutors meant national conviction rates for child abuse are at their highest ever – 76.2%.
Coffey said teenage boys should be educated on how to treat and respect girls. Lads at Factory Zone, a youth group in Harpurhey, north Manchester, said it was becoming increasingly common for boys to “control” girls and keep them “on discipline”. A youth worker, Kemoy Walker, told Coffey: “This involves constant ringing to check what girls are doing and demanding photos to prove their whereabouts, telling them what to wear and often keeping them in the house … I find it scary and it is becoming more and more common. You can see in the girls' eyes that they are scared and are being controlled.”
But boys are also victims of sexual exploitation. Many of the young people Coffey spoke to often found themselves in risky situations, sometimes without even realising it. One boy said the man at the local chip shop was always offering him vodka, while another had been offered a pair of Vans trainers by a man. Neither initially saw the offers as part of the grooming process.
“I have been concerned about the number of people who have told me that in some neighbourhoods child sexual exploitation had become the new social norm,” said Coffey. “They say there is no respect for girls: gangs of youths pressurising vulnerable young girls (including those with learning disabilities) for sex, and adults allowing their houses to be used for drinking, drug-taking and having sex.”
Chief Constable of Greater Manchester police Sir Peter Fahy said he welcomed the recommendations within the report and insisted specialist CSE training was already being rolled out in the force.
He said: “We want children to know that they will be believed and that we will do absolutely everything in our power to protect and help them. Knowledge and awareness around the issue of CSE has advanced a great deal in recent years but we will never be complacent, there is always more we can do to safeguard and support young people.”
Coffey added: “This social norm has perhaps been fuelled by the increased sexualisation of children and young people, involving an explosion of explicit music videos and the normalisation of quasi-pornographic images. Sexting, selfies, Instagram and the like have given rise to new social norms in changed expectations of sexual entitlement, and with it a confused understanding of what constitutes consent.
“I think we have lost the sense of what a child is. Sexual predators out there are having their quite unacceptable views confirmed through messages in the wider media: that children are just sexualised young adults.”
The report was commissioned by Tony Lloyd, the police and crime commissioner for Greater Manchester, following the Rochdale grooming scandal, which resulted in nine men being jailed in 2012. Last year GMP was forced to accept that some police officers held discriminatory attitudes towards vulnerable victims.
GMP currently has 260 “live” investigations into child sexual exploitation. Of these, 174 are recorded crimes and 18 of those cases involve multiple perpetrators.
On Tuesday, GMP arrested 11 people aged between 19 and 38 in a crackdown called Operation Heliodor on exploitation in the south Manchester area. They were held on suspicion of offences including sexual activity with a child, attempted indecent assault, inciting a child into prostitution, abduction and rape.
The key recommendations of the Coffey report are as follows:
• The removal of all references to “child prostitution” in legislation, because the term carries an implication of choice on the child's part.
• All responses to child sexual exploitation by statutory agencies in Greater Manchester should explicitly include “boys and young men”, to address concerns of under-reporting.
• All police response officers and community support officers should receive training about child sexual exploitation crimes.
• More information about child sexual exploitation should be given to the public generally and to those who are the “eyes and ears” of the community, including pharmacists, school crossing patrol staff, school nurses, refuse collectors, bus drivers, park attendants, housing officers, and shopkeepers, as well as taxi drivers and hoteliers.
• The building of a multimedia digital network led by young people to spearhead the fightback against sexual exploitation, including a high-profile weekly radio show produced and hosted by young people on exploitation-related issues.
Case studies
• One girl, F, was born addicted to heroin and was fostered out aged eight. At 12 years old, she started smoking, drinking and taking drugs. She was getting bullied in school and so started to run away frequently, which was when she met an older man. “I lost my virginity to him, and when my foster parent found out, she said ‘Why are you being a slag?' I was 12 and he was 19. Looking back on things, it should have been the 19-year-old's behaviour that was being looked at and questioned, not the 12-year-old's.”
• One young girl with a very troubled background started going missing. She was introduced by a friend to a 44-year-old man who had a makeshift tuck shop in the back of his car and would hang around giving children cigarettes, alcohol and drugs. He sexually assaulted her and she eventually reported him, but the police and social workers were not helpful at first. Her father said he had to fight “tooth and nail” to get the police to take her complaints seriously and believes they only proceeded because his daughter had kept evidence of more than 100 texts sent by the offender.
• A 16-year-old girl who had been put in a secure unit for the fourth time described what happened when she went missing from her children's home and was approached by a man in the street who said she could go to his house and hide, where he got her drunk. “He got us wrapped round his little finger. Got us drunk and everything. And then I thought to myself, ‘I know what he's doing, he's trying to get me in bed.' I went, ‘I need to go home.' So I got my friend to ring me. So, I've put the phone on loudspeaker and my mate went, ‘Please can you come home?' I went, ‘All right then, I'll be down in two minutes.' But he wouldn't let us go. So we have to break the window and jump out of the window.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
In recent days we have seen a sequence of events – establishment endorsement of Islamic groups post-Charlie Hebdo, harassment of Christian schools by Ofperv inspectors, legalisation of eugenic experimentation via the creation of three-parent children, etc – that have highlighted the exponential advance of Cultural Marxism.
Society's most fundamental building blocks – the family, relations between men and women, inherited culture – are being systematically demolished. Uniquely in history, those who call themselves conservatives are in the forefront of this cultural revolution.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Before any effective resistance can be mounted against this onslaught, it is a prerequisite that we should understand our enemy: intelligence is the most powerful weapon in any war. What is the Frankfurt School? What is Cultural Marxism? The facts, though unadvertised for obvious reasons, are accessible. To trace this iniquity it is necessary to go back to 1919 and the murderous communist dictatorship of Bela Kun in Hungary.
The deputy “People's Commissar for Culture and Education” in that short-lived regime was Georg Lukacs. Under his programme of “cultural terrorism”, Lukacs imposed a system of pornographic sex education on Hungarian school pupils, promoted promiscuity, denounced the family and encouraged children to mock their parents and religion (does any of this ring a bell?). The question he posed was: “Who will save us from Western Civilisation?”
The Kun regime quickly fell, but Lukacs' claim that cultural subversion was the best means of promoting revolution impressed Lenin. Late in 1922, on Lenin's instructions, a meeting was called at the Marx-Engels Institute in Moscow. Present were: Georg Lukacs; Karl Radek, representing Lenin; Felix Dzherzhinsky, founder and head of the Cheka (later KGB); and Willi Munzenberg, a leader of the Comintern, later murdered by Stalin.
The strategy decided on at that meeting was to subvert intellectuals “and use them to make Western civilisation stink”, in Munzenberg's words, and to graft Freud's ideas onto Marxism, exploiting sexual anarchy to destroy that same civilisation. The following year, 1923, an Institute of Marxism was established at Frankfurt which, to camouflage its purpose, soon changed its name to the Institute for Social Research and became commonly known as the Frankfurt School.
The Institute built up a cadre of cultural Marxists, including Max Horkheimer, Erick Fromm and Herbert Marcuse. When the Nazis came to power in 1933 the Frankfurt School migrated to the United States. There its members set about poisoning American culture, based in Columbia University. Theodor Adorno promoted degenerate atonal music to induce mental illness, including necrophilia, on a large scale. He and Horkheimer also penetrated Hollywood, recognising the film industry's power to influence mass culture. The American schools system was a prime target for successful subversion.
By the post-War era the Cultural Marxist programme had a wide-reaching agenda of destruction. It aimed to destroy the family, denying the specific roles of the father and mother, and advocated the teaching of sex and homosexuality to children; mobilisation of women as revolutionaries against men, through aggressive feminism; large-scale immigration to abolish national identity; dependency on the state and state benefits; control and infantilisation of the media.
The great canon of Western literature was demolished by pygmies in the name of “deconstruction”, exploiting the intellectual snobbery of insecure academics. Universities today are the worst enemies of independent thinking and free speech: in the words of Robert Lind, all American campuses have become “small, ivy-covered North Koreas”.
The Frankfurt idea of “pansexualism” which underpinned the so-called sexual revolution in the 1960s was championed by Herbert Marcuse, an admirer of the Marquis de Sade's “polymorphous perversity”. Concepts such as childhood, innocence, virtue were anathema to the Frankfurt School, as was traditional order in society. The Frankfurt School enjoyed two key advantages: since it presented itself as a “critical theory”, advancing a purely negative critique of society and offering no alternatives, it could not be compelled to defend its own theses; and by uncoupling Marxism from the command economy its ideas were able not only to survive the collapse of the Soviet system but to flourish thereafter.
The term “political correctness” – clearly incompatible with a pluralist society – was confected by Anton Semyonovich Makarenko, Lenin's education guru and favourite wordsmith, who also coined the phrase “dictatorship of the proletariat”. Today its monopolist tyranny is maintained by such devices as the “availability cascade”, meaning the pervasive availability in the media of PC views to the exclusion of contrary opinions (cf. the BBC), the “reputational cascade” pouring disapproval on dissidents (cf. Twitter) and the “chilling effect” freezing out dissent. To mould opinion an ugly Newspeak vocabulary (“homophobia”, “Islamophobia”, etc) has been invented, supported by coercive legislation.
That is how we came to our present predicament. If we are to reverse it, we need to understand its origins. The Frankfurt School itself now belongs to history, but it has spawned a Common Purpose generation of useful idiots perpetuating its evil and destructive power. The challenge now is to destroy the destroyers.
Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly told CNN's Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night that nothing could have prepared her for the firestorm that erupted after she confronted Donald Trump at an early GOP primary debate about his history of disparaging women. Trump had spoken with her four days earlier on the phone, angry about one of her segments, and he called her a disgrace and threatened to unleash his Twitter account on her. He was only angrier after the debate, and insisted on going on CNN at the same time her show aired on Fox. It was on that CNN segment he made his "blood coming out of her whatever" comment, Kelly said, and "things would never be the same. It was a game-changer."
The changed game included security for her and her family. "We had security guards the whole year," Kelly said. "I mean, the threat level got so high that it was impossible not to take that seriously." It wasn't just Trump, either. Michael Cohen, a Trump surrogate and lawyer, had retweeted a threat to "gut" Kelly, earning a scolding from Fox executive Bill Shine. "He didn't much care, and what Bill Shine said to Michael Cohen was, 'Let me put it to you in terms you can understand: If Megyn Kelly gets killed, it's not going to help your candidate,'" Kelly recounted.
"There's no question that some of the tactics engaged in by those supporting— in Team Trump, were questionable," she added. "Corey Lewandowski specifically threatened my if I showed up at the second debate hosted by Fox News," and various threats continued until the election. "The point is," Kelly said, "these are not your normal tactics that we see in a presidential race unleashed against a journalist who asked a tough question."
RD-Blog-115
Key to additional wisdom of DR. Watson..Internet/BLOG keywords:
- Dr.Watson explains DNA origin of Sherlock Holmes
- Dr.Watson and Sherlock Holmes - the ETHER brain War
- Dr.Watson in Afghanistan - British RAF computer war
British literature and mathematics have an important influence on modern world military affairs. The thoughts, ideas, and logic by authors such as Lewis Carroll, Charles Darwin, Herbert Spencer, Bertrand Russell and others have affected our stream of consciousness ...and have become a part of our symbolic subliminal mind...which particpates in human daily decisions. Thus symbolic life is composed of math equations, social chemistry formulas, cortex COBOL computer language English language commands, music and song lyrics, art, etc. These optical and audio data formats are input to the Central Nervous System 370 abstract brain symbolic computer.......and when data input is composed of garbage...the atomic brain processor computing rule is:
Garbage IN --> Garbage OUT ........and Garbage OUT results in accidents, crime, murder, war, family conflicts, etc.
The Sherlock Holmes story " Reigate Puzzle" with DR.Watson in Afghanistan gives some insight on symbolic mechanics. The story provides math clues to help analyze the Margaret Mead nuclear anthropology ... mathematical-physics war such as in Afghanistan.
What are these MATH signals in the Reigate puzzle that are familiar to ALL the serious Sherlock Holomes fans?
Have you overlooked these details?
What kind of Sherlock Holmes fan are you?
Adventure 6: “The Reigate Puzzle”
It was some time before the health of my friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes recovered from the strain caused by his immense exertions in the spring of ‘87. The whole question of the Netherland-Sumatra Company and of the colossal schemes of Baron Maupertuis are too recent in the minds of the public, and are too intimately concerned with politics and finance to be fitting subjects for this series of sketches. They led, however, in an indirect fashion to a singular and complex problem which gave my friend an opportunity of demonstrating the value of a fresh weapon among the many with which he waged his life-long battle against crime.
On referring to my notes I see that it was upon the 14th of April that I received a telegram from Lyons which informed me that Holmes was lying ill in the Hotel Dulong. Within twenty-four hours I was in his sick-room, and was relieved to find that there was nothing formidable in his symptoms. Even his iron constitution, however, had broken down under the strain of an investigation which had extended over two months, during which period he had never worked less than fifteen hours a day, and had more than once, as he assured me, kept to his task for five days at a stretch. Even the triumphant issue of his labors could not save him from reaction after so terrible an exertion, and at a time when Europe was ringing with his name and when his room was literally ankle-deep with congratulatory telegrams I found him a prey to the blackest depression. Even the knowledge that he had succeeded where the police of three countries had failed, and that he had outmanoeuvred at every point the most accomplished swindler in Europe, was insufficient to rouse him from his nervous prostration.
Three days later we were back in Baker Street together; but it was evident that my friend would be much the better for a change, and the thought of a week of spring time in the country was full of attractions to me also. My old friend, Colonel Hayter, who had come under my professional care in Afghanistan, had now taken a house near Reigate in Surrey, and had frequently asked me to come down to him upon a visit. On the last occasion he had remarked that if my friend would only come with me he would be glad to extend his hospitality to him also. A little diplomacy was needed, but when Holmes understood that the establishment was a bachelor one, and that he would be allowed the fullest freedom, he fell in with my plans and a week after our return from Lyons we were under the Colonel's roof. Hayter was a fine old soldier who had seen much of the world, and he soon found, as I had expected, that Holmes and he had much in common.
Sherlock Holmes
- Adventure VI:
The Reigate math Puzzle
As you read the explanation.....put you mind in concept mode. For the non-math reader ...don't worry about the details for now. Juat see the big picture of the concept relationships...and that the English language contains within it ...math words that help clarify the deeper meanings and causes of a war/ crime/ conflict...or other events in our daily lives.
Page 1 of the puzzle of the Reigate Puzzle.
1st sentence clue: " They led, however, in an indirect fashion to a singular and complex problem which gave my friend an opportunity of demonstrating the value of a fresh weapon....."
--> a FRESH WEAPON for year 2011 BRITISH military think tanks
and a FRESH WEAPON for the citizen/brain soldier in their own personal INTELLECTUAL WAR...in the BRAVE NEW WORLD of World War 3 composed of the SCIENCE WARS, Neuroscience wars, and the BIOLOGY algebraic subset BLOG WARS.
2nd sentence clue: "The whole question of the Netherland-Sumatra Company and of the colossial schemes of.......and fitted subjects for this series of sketches."
3rd clue is the title: Reigate Puzzle.
I mention these clues in the reverse order of their sequential photon appearence to the eye/optical nerve symbolic processor. This enables us to develop the deductive logic and inferences ..in the Central Nervous System 370 traditions as exemplified by Sherlock Holmes.......who is a symbolic character ...alive and well ..in my symbolic brain and its various subconscious levels. Lets proceed and identify the precise nature of this NEW WEAPON ....with the 3 clues.
1st sentence clue:
" They led, however, in an indirect fashion to a
singular and complex problem which gave..." ..key words:
singular......complex ...which are math SINGULARITIES of COMPLEX math functions of life.
2nd sentence clue:
Netherland-Sumatra ..... for this series --> Key words:
Sumatra expanded = Sum..mat...tra = Sum/total math trap
Series = power series of complex SOCIAL math life ... BIO-MATH COMPLEX variables
3rd clue:
The Reigate PUZZLE with key embedded math military symbols..
..............ZZ.
Clue 3 --> Z = a + bi = complex number. ZZ implies some math/English language relationship between 2 complex numbers...referred to as a math power series...which in the Darwin evolution of math life has become economic power and political power.
Clue 2 of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle suggests a math sum.
CLue 2 with clue 1 ....suggests a math sum involving SINGULARITIES.
Thus I wonder about these clues...and just happen to have a few complex math books lying around and they mention math existences with these properties. Since these math authors explain it rather good.. ..I'll refer to their concepts. The BLOG reader ought to go the main library or college bookstore ...and get a complex math book for details. THe reader must force themselves to learn new basic BRAIN concepts .....THINK like Sherlock Holmes would like us to THINK. One doesn't have to be an expert.....to be vaguely aware of the mathematical-physics components of daily life.
Now we have the major elements:
- the Sherlock Holmes story the Reigate Puzzle
- the 3 clues that have been identified as probable math signals
- the Afghanistan war in Asia with British soldiers ..today and
the Afghanistan war in Asia with Dr.Watson over 100 years ago
What is it about Afghanistan?
Look at geography map or globe?
What did they teach us? What words...
--> an isolated, remote, landlocked country. Okay another word equivalent.....
--> an isolated, singular country .....and on a very small map the country would seen like:
--> an isolated, singular point.
Thus we take these empirical data clues and see if their is a mathematical structure that has the CLUE attributes. Upon review of my modern Sherlock Holmes symbolic tool kit (in this case a complex math book)...I see some keywords --> Isolated singular POINT......gee.... that looks like a abstract description of Afghanistan with WEST POINT math warriors fighting an EARTH math war.
Thus we identify the chapter .
--> Laurent series with
--> Laurent expansion of an analytic function ..then the KEY CONCEPT:
--> Isolated Singular points
Complex Analysis with Applications (Dover Books on Mathematics) [Richard A. Silverman]\
Just review concepts ... leave details to graduate school math students.
Verlow ..power series and the MODERN political power of math symbols and math social enginerring thoughts.
The concept of a transformation .....from SYMBOL LIFE conflicts to Earth geography sites with human math conflict expressors.
Below, concept of region of convergence ... with K = Kabul.
Afghanistan Maps with math point K = Kabul
Afghanistan as an isolated singular point on the world math map
Let's review the three possibilities mentioned above.
1) The Laurent expansion series equation contains no negative powers of Z - Zo , in which case Zo is called a removable singular point.
2) The Laurent series contains a finite number of negative powers of Z - Zo in which case Zo is called a pole (for details ...ask the Polish math undercover agents in Warsaw or Chicago)
3) The Laurent series contains infinitely many negative powers of Z - Zo, in which case Zo is called an essential singular point.
Thus with Dr. Watson in Afghanistan ....the British math war over 100 years ago
repeated in year 2011 ....the MILITARY question finally becomes clear ....in the astrophysics galactic LOCAL REGION (Planet Earth) war zone.
Since Afghanistan is an isolated singular point .....
--> is it a removable singular point ?
--> is it a essential singular point ?
--> Do the Polish people think Afghanistan is a parallel processing POLE ?
But we can't just guess at the answer...soldiers are dying ....while waiting for an accurate math answer to the symbolic military question:
What kind of isolated singular point is Afghnaistan?
Meanwhile the SCIENCE WAR unanswered question...continues with complex math battles in the United States ...with the battle reports with --> Isolated singular point... human AGENTS at university INTELLECTUAL Battle zones. Thus the math news reports of the subconscious mind of the American Mathematical Society of Nature's military forces with:
--> Isolated singular point Mr.Cho and the atomic English language conflict at Virginia TECH
--> Isolated singular point Major Hasan and the FORT HOOD ...math deleted neighbor.HOOD with the University of Texas western movie style shootout....like Shakespeare stated ..the "World is a stage....and thus we have FORT Hood western stage...just like advanced DARPA brain experiments with the GUNSMOKE television program...to program the brain computer"
--> Isolated singular point Steven Kaznierczak at the NIL, Cole Hall shooting. Ask WHY?
WHY Steven K. and his Darwinian selection mission of subsets.
...Y...even..K .....with even math life integer BASE 2..thus
...Y....2....K .... thus the Y2K biological clock brain computer .....and university violations of the YEAR 2000 Time Boundary parameters.
Citizens can't bother with these thoughts....after all ..soldiers fight and die ....and students get killed in the SCIENCE WARS--> Time War component......while citizens drink beer, watch television, talk on the cellular phones, play games, etc. Citizens can't be bothered with providing accurate explanations ...thus per the Carl Jung citizen collective unconsciousness ... incomplete explanations and their implied instructions are given to representatives ...who provide the soldier with some (CARL Jung group style: Myths and dreams) fabricated reason about the TRUE NATURE of the conflict...and the trusting soldier will believe the George Orwell propaganda broadcast VIA television and printed by newpspaers.
But NATURE on the other hand....with Computer EARTH..
has set up the Netherland-Sumatra
...........InterNET...........trap
Courageous thinkers can approach this 2 ways.....because like it or not...everyone is/or will be affected by the SCIENCE WARS.
--> Those with complex math expertise ....would look at the math military symbolic MAP and its details.
--> Those with non-math experience...would get math textbooks...and study the general concepts ...occasionally try to understand the easy pages ...skip... over the hard stuff for the 1st few years. Think of it ...as a long term brain development project that Sherlock Holmes would approve of.
Remember President Eisenhower spoke about the Military Industrial Complex --> in more precise word...the symbolic MILITARY, INDUSTRIAL hardworking numbers of COMPLEX math life variables........ military complex numbers in the SYMBOL MACHINE.
For more information ...about your future in the BIOLOGY subset BLOG WARS (get prepared for the BLOG WARS).....review and study the various topics of the SCIENCE WARS as outlined in the master control BLOG that points to various information sites:
Herb Zinser's Science Wars
Have you ever felt like you can't seem to win ranked games? Are you stuck at the same old rank without any progress? Well you certainly aren't alone. Ranked can be very frustrating when things aren't going your way. It can be very easy to lose your cool, blame your teammates, or swear that you will never play ranked again. Have no fear because, with a few simple adjustments, you can start winning more of your ranked games and start climbing your way up the leaderboards! Here are five tips to help you win more ranked games.
Pick in your Comfort Zone
Many of your ranked teammates will most likely tell you to pick whatever is in the meta at the time, which works just fine if you are comfortable playing those gods. If you aren't, then don't force yourself to play with the meta. You will be much better off playing whatever you are comfortable playing. If you are comfortable on a god, then chances are you will perform better whether or not that god is in the meta.
Buy Enough Wards
It may seem simple, but I can't stress enough how important strong warding is when it comes to ranked. Vision allows your team to make smart decisions throughout the different stages of the game. Perhaps more importantly, wards will help you and your team avoid unexpected ganks so you don't fall behind after an early death. Knowing where the enemy team is helps your team play safer, as well as give you the opportunity to make aggressive calls like invading with a bit more safety than without any vision.
Wards are your best friend when it comes to fighting around objectives. Having vision of the objective and the area surrounding it will help you and your team control the fight and make informed decisions about how and when to fight or take the objective safely.
Regular wards cost 50 gold, and sentry wards cost 120 gold but reveal enemy wards
Communicate with your team
Communication is one of the most important aspects in ranked. With Smite's new integrated voice chat, it is easy to communicate with your teammates during the game. Another easy thing to do is to be in voice chat with your duo queue partner. Having reliable communication with one teammate is better than nothing.
At the very least, you can form the habit of making calls with the VGS system. While it might not always be optimal, VGS commands are very helpful to know, and often times can provide your team with enough information to make decisions as a unit. Practice using more commands than just the basics as well. The more specific you can be, the better.
Listen and be Positive
It is always a good idea to listen to your teammates and move as a unit during the teamfight phase. If you aren't the type to take charge and make calls, it is wise to follow the calls of your team and make decisions together. Playing as a five-man group will help you when securing objectives and sieging enemy structures.
Another important part of communicating with your team is to always stay positive. All too often, players will get upset and start to blame others for anything that happens in the game. Do your best to avoid any negativity. A negative team environment significantly lowers your chances of working together successfully. So be nice and keep a positive attitude!
Practice Multiple Roles
Knowing how to play multiple roles fairly well is very important. With the exception of being a pro player, chances are you are often not going to get your preferred role, so knowing how to play the other roles will help you succeed in those games. It is best if you can learn all of the roles well enough to play in ranked, but at the very least, knowing three roles should be enough to give you options.
Another benefit to knowing multiple roles is that you can begin to understand how other roles think during the game. This is especially helpful for getting through the laning phase. For example, if you learn how to jungle, when you play another role, you can start to predict where the enemy jungler might be even if you don't have vision of him. If you know he might be in your side of the jungle as a side laner, then you can play safer since the enemy jungler might decide to gank your lane.
It is always a good idea to know how to play support since often times most people will want to play carries early in the pick order. Having comfort on a few Guardians will help you be more comfortable playing support when you need to.
Hopefully you start to find some more success in your ranked games! Let the grind to the next division begin!
Like our content? Support us by getting our merchandise in our shop
Hello and welcome to Nutrition Facts. I'm your host, Dr. Michael Greger. Today, we're going to explore smart nutrition choices based, naturally, on facts. Whenever there's a new drug or surgical procedure, you can be assured that you and your doctor will probably hear about it because there's a corporate budget driving its promotion; but, what about advances in the field of nutrition? That's what this podcast is all about.
Today, we're going to take a deep dive into açai berries. Açai berries are touted for their antioxidant power, but does that translate into increased antioxidant capacity of our bloodstream when we eat them? Here's the story.
There are so many açai products on the market now, from frozen pulp in smoothie packs to freeze-dried powder and supplements. How is it eaten traditionally? Amazonian tribes cut down the tree, eat its heart, and then pee on the stump to attract a certain type of beetle that lays these monster maggots. And so, a few weeks later, you've got three or four pounds of these suckers; so, you can make some grub-kabobs. I think I'll just stick with my smoothie pack.
“Despite being used for a long time as food” in the Amazon, only since the beginning of this century have “açaí berries…been the object of scientific research.” Four years ago, I reviewed that research, starting with in vitro studies that showed that açai could kill leukemia cells in a Petri dish at levels one might expect in one's bloodstream eating a cup or two of açai pulp, or cutting the growth of colon cancer cells in half.
Unfortunately, subsequent studies published since then failed to find such benefit for that type of colon cancer, a different type of colon cancer, or an estrogen receptor negative form of breast cancer. An açai extract did appear to kill off a line of estrogen receptor positive breast cancer cells, but to achieve that level of açai nutrients in your breast, you'd have to sit down to like 400 cups of açai pulp.
That's the problem with many of these Petri dish studies: they use concentrations that you could never realistically achieve in your bloodstream. For example, açai berries may exert a neuroprotective effect, blocking the buildup of amyloid fibers implicated in Alzheimer's—but only at a dose reached drinking maybe 2,000 cups at a time; or, have an anti-allergy effect, or decrease bone loss—at a mere thousand cups a day.
But, I also talked about a clinical study in which folks were asked to drink less than a cup a day of açai in a smoothie, and appeared to get significant improvements in blood sugar, and insulin levels, and cholesterol. Now, there was no control group, and it was a small study, but there'd never been a bigger study to try to replicate it—until now.
Same amount of açai, for the same duration, but no significant improvements in blood sugars, insulin, or cholesterol. Huh? Why did this study fail to show the benefits seen in the first study? Well, this study was publicly funded—”no conflicts of interest”—whereas the first study was funded by an açai company, which always makes you suspect that maybe the study was somehow designed to get the desired result. And, indeed, the study participants were not just given açai smoothies, but explicitly told to avoid processed meat (like “bacon and hot dogs”). No wonder their numbers looked better at the end of the month.
Now, the new study did find a decrease in markers of oxidative stress in the participants' bloodstream—a sign of how antioxidant-rich açai berries can be. Those that hock supplements love to talk about how açai consumption can “triple antioxidant capacity;” “triple the antioxidant capacity of [your] blood.”
And, if you look at the study they cite, yes, there was a tripling in antioxidant capacity of the blood after eating açai. But there was the same, or even better, tripling after just plain applesauce, which was used as a control, and is significantly cheaper than açai berries or supplements.
There was a new study showing significant improvements in artery function after eating açai berries, but any more than commoner fruits and vegetables? We'll find out, next.
Here's a closer look at the effects on artery function of açai berries, cooked and raw blueberries, grapes, cocoa, green tea, and freshly squeezed orange juice.
“Plant-based diets…have been found to reduce the risk of” some of our leading causes of death and disability. “Studies have shown that the longest living and least dementia-prone populations subsist on plant-based diets…” So, why focus on just this one plant for brain health and performance—açai berries? Well, “foods rich in polyphenols [appear to] improve brain health,” and açai berries have lots of polyphenols and antioxidants; so, maybe they'd help.
But, if you're just looking at polyphenols, there are over a dozen foods that have more per serving, and it doesn't have to be black elderberry. Regular fruits, like plums, have more; a few spoonfuls of flax seeds, a few squares of dark chocolate, or even just a cup of coffee, has more.
In terms of antioxidants, yes, açai berries may have ten times more antioxidant content than more typical fruits, like peaches and papayas; five times more than strawberries—but comparable to blackberries. In fact, blackberries appear to have even more antioxidants, and are cheaper and more widely available.
Ah, but açai berries don't just have potential brain benefits—for example, protecting the lungs against “harm induced by cigarette smoke.” But you all remember that study, right? That's the one where “addition of açai [berries] to cigarettes has a protective effect against emphysema in [smoking] mice.” That's not very helpful. There's this long list of impressive-looking benefits, until you dig a little deeper.
For example, I was excited to see “reduction of coronary disease risk due to [a] vasodilation effect,” but less excited when I pulled the study, and found out that they were talking about a “vasodilator effect…in [the] mesenteric vascular bed of the rat.” But, there hadn't been any studies on açai berries and artery function in humans, until now.
Give some overweight men a smoothie containing about two-thirds of a cup of frozen açai pulp, and a half a banana, versus an artificially-colored placebo smoothie with the banana but no açai; you get a significant improvement in artery function within two hours of consumption, which lasts at least for six hours. That one- or two-point bump is clinically significant. Those walking around with just a point higher go on to have 13% fewer cardiovascular events, like fatal heart attacks.
You can get the same effect from wild blueberries, though, about a point-and-a-half bump two hours after wild blueberry consumption—an effect peaking and plateauing at about one-and-a-half cups of blueberries, with two-and-a-half or three-and-a-half cups showing no further benefits.
What about cooked blueberries? Here's the same wild blueberry drink effect we saw before. But what if you baked the blueberries into a bun, like a blueberry muffin? Same dramatic improvement in artery function.
Cocoa can do it, too. One tablespoon of cocoa gets you about a point, and two tablespoons is like a whopping four points—that's like double the berries.
One-and-a-quarter cups worth of multicolored grapes gave a nice boost in artery function, but enough to counter an “acute endothelial insult”—a sudden attack on the vulnerable inner layer of our arteries? They decided on a sausage-and-egg McMuffin meal; they weren't messing around. Without the grapes, that meant cutting artery function nearly in half within an hour, and the arteries stayed stiffened and crippled three hours later. But, eat that McMuffin with all those grapes, and hardly any effect.
Eat a meal with hamburger meat, and artery function drops after the meal. But, eat that same meal with some spices, including a teaspoon and a half of turmeric, and your artery function gets better.
What about orange juice? Four cups a day for four weeks, and no change in artery function.
Want a beverage that can improve your artery function? Green tea. Two cups of green tea, and you get that same cocoa effect, nearly four points within just 30 minutes. And, that same crazy effect you get with green tea, you get with black tea. Twice as powerful an effect as the açai berries.
So, why focus on just that one plant? Well, the real reason, presumably, is that the author owns a patent on an açai-based dietary supplement.
An independent study of the effects of açaí berries was recently published, including studies on immune function, arthritis, and metabolic parameters.
An “Evidence-Based Systematic Review of Açaí” berries was recently published by the Natural Standards Research Collaboration, an impartial scientific body that refuses to take support from product manufacturers—cited by the World Health Organization as one of the most authoritative sources on such matters.
What did they find? Whenever a new purported superfood hits the market, the first thing researchers tend to do is look at its chemistry, such as antioxidant capacity, which was done back in 2006. Based on one measure, it had “the highest [antioxidant capacity] of any food reported to date”—a remarkable finding I reported at the time, arguing that, despite its cost, frozen açaí pulp represented one of the best antioxidant bangs for one's buck. But, still, we didn't know what it did outside of a test tube.
The next step is to go from test tube to Petri dish, and try it out on some human cells. They dripped the concentration of açaí berry phytonutrients one would expect in one's bloodstream after eating them on some blood cancer cells taken from a woman with leukemia, and saw a dramatic rise in cancer cell mortality—in fact, about twice what was found previously, using similar concentrations of hibiscus tea, on the same cancer.
Açaí was also found to boost immune cell function at extremely low doses. Sprinkle some açaí berry powder on them, and they gobble more. With no açaí for breakfast, the white blood cells were able to engulf about 140 yeast; but, in the presence of a tiny amount of berry powder, they engulfed closer to 200. Slowly but surely, researchers began piecing together the mechanism by which açaí affected cellular function.
Still no human studies, though. Researchers moved from cells to animal models. Who could forget the “Addition of açaí…to cigarettes has a protective effect against emphysema in mice.” Instead of adding berries to their cigarettes, though, it might be easier to just encourage the mice to quit smoking. But then, finally, starting in 2011, studies on actual people.
“Pain Reduction and Improvement in Range of Motion After Daily Consumption of an Açaí” in about a dozen folks with painful conditions, like osteoarthritis. After three months, antioxidant levels went up, and pain levels went down—though since there was no blinded control group drinking like some artificially açaí-flavored Kool-Aid, the placebo effect could not be excluded.
And, finally, one last pilot study. The “Effects of Açai on Metabolic Parameters.” Ten overweight folks were given two packs of frozen açaí pulp every day for a month. And, even though they were allowed to take it with sugar, their fasting blood sugars dropped, as did their insulin levels, and cholesterol. And, it significantly blunted the sugar spike caused by a standardized meal—all without any observed adverse effects. In fact, the only theoretical concerns cited in the new review may be that it might work too well. If you're on diabetic blood sugar-lowering medications, it could potentially drop your blood sugar too low; or, if you have an autoimmune disease, or are on immunosuppressants, it could stimulate your immune system too much.
To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, or studies mentioned here, please go to the Nutrition Facts podcast landing page. There, you'll find all the detailed information you need plus links to all the sources we cite for each of these topics.
NutritionFacts.org is a nonprofit, science-based public service, where you can sign up for free daily updates on the latest in nutrition research via bite-sized videos and articles.
Everything on the website is free. There are no ads, no corporate sponsorship. It's strictly non-commercial. I'm not selling anything. I just put it up as a public service, as a labor of love, as a tribute to my grandmother, whose own life was saved with evidence-based nutrition.
Thanks for listening to Nutrition Facts. I'm Dr. Michael Greger.
This is just an approximation of the audio content, contributed by Allyson Burnett.
The company, which claims to already be the nation's largest private employer of veterans, says it wants to do more.
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., is making a pledge to hire every veteran who wants a job. (Photo: Frederic J. Brown, AFP/Getty Images)
NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer and nation's largest private employer, is making a pledge to boost its sourcing from domestic suppliers and hire more than 100,000 veterans.
The plans were to be announced as part of an address by Bill Simon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart's U.S. business, at an annual retail industry convention in New York.
The company, based in Bentonville, Ark., says it plans to buy an additional $50 billion in U.S. products over the next 10 years. According to data from Wal-Mart's suppliers, items that are made, sourced or grown in the U.S. account for about two-thirds of the company's spending on products for its U.S. business.
Wal-Mart (WMT) also projects that it will hire more than 100,000 recently discharged veterans in the next five years. Honorably discharged veterans will have a "place to go", says Wal-Mart's Simon, according to prepared text supplied by the discounter. The hiring pledge, which will begin on Memorial Day, covers veterans within 12 months of leaving active duty. Most of the jobs will be in Wal-Mart's stores or its Sam's club locations. Some will be in the company's distribution centers.
"Let's be clear; hiring a veteran can be one of the best decisions any of us can make," Simon plans to say in his address to retailers gathered on the third day of the four-day National Retail Federation convention. "Veterans have a record of performance under pressure. They're quick learners, and they're team players. These are leaders with discipline, training, and a passion for service. There is a seriousness and sense of purpose that the military instills, and we need it today more than ever."
Wal-Mart says it believes it is already the large private employer of veterans in the country. Last year, 225,000 active duty troops became veterans, according to the Department of Veterans Affairs.
The company says that it has spoken to the White House about its commitment, and said the First Lady Michelle Obama's team has already expressed an interest in working with Wal-Mart and with the rest of the business community.
In the next several weeks, the White House will convene the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Defense and major U.S. employers to encourage businesses to make significant commitments to train and employ American's returning veterans, according to Simon's prepared text.
First lady Michelle Obama, who spearheaded a White House drive to encourage businesses to hire veterans, praised Wal-Mart's announcement, calling it "historic."
"We all believe that no one who serves our country should have to fight for a job once they return home," Mrs. Obama said in the statement. "Wal-Mart is setting a groundbreaking example for the private sector to follow."
Wal-Mart which also operates Sam's Clubs, employs more than 1.4 million workers in the U.S.
Simon was also set to announce at the retail convention that the company would help part-time workers transition to full-time status if they so desired.
"We will also bring more transparency to our scheduling system so part-time workers can choose more hours for themselves," Simon said was to say.
The moves could help repair the company's image, following allegations that its Mexico unit was handing out bribes to local officials to speed up getting building permits and gain other favors. According to emails recently released by lawmakers, CEO Mike Duke found out in 2005 about the bribes. Lawmakers say that contradicts earlier claims by the company that executives weren't aware of the bribes made by the company.
Allegations first surfaced in April that Wal-Mart failed to notify law enforcement that company officials authorized the bribes. Wal-Mart has been working with government officials in the U.S. and Mexico on that investigation.
This summer had its fair share of broken records and blockbuster openings, but this year's Labor Day marked a decidedly sleepy end to the summer box office race. Not only was it one of the slowest weekends of the summer, but it marked the worst four-day Labor Day weekend since 2004. This weekend, two new thrillers should breathe a little life into the box office, and while neither The Visit nor The Perfect Guy should reach summer blockbuster heights, they're each eyeing a debut somewhere in the mid- to high-teens.
1. The Visit — $17 million
The Visit and Perfect Guy are each expected to earn a debut between $15 million and $17 million, so first place could really go to either. Most predictions, however, are giving the edge to The Visit, M. Night Shyamalan's first feature since 2013's After Earth. Although Shyamalan hasn't had a critical hit in years, The Visit has been generating buzz since screening at Comic-Con, and its PG-13 rating could also help give it a broader audience.
2. The Perfect Guy — $16 million
The Visit is the current favorite to win the weekend, but there's a chance that The Perfect Guy could end up on top. The thriller stars Sanaa Lathan as a woman who begins to question her relationship with a seemingly perfect stranger (Michael Ealy). Sony's Screen Gems, which is distributing Perfect Guy, has scored No. 1 openings with similar thrillers in the past. Lakeview Terrace, starring Samuel L. Jackson and Kerry Washington, opened to $15 million in September 2008, and No Good Deed, starring Idris Elba and Taraji P. Henson, debuted to $24.3 million in September 2014.
3. War Room — $7 million
The faith-based drama from brothers Alex and Stephen Kendrick dethroned Straight Outta Compton to win the Labor Day weekend box office, earning $9.5 million over three days and $13.4 million over four. Distributed by Sony's TriStar/Affirm label, War Room has targeted Christian leaders and generated positive word-of-mouth, and has racked up $29.8 million domestically as it enters its third weekend in theaters. This weekend, War Room is expected to make between $6 and $8 million, although it could see a steeper drop, thanks to the opening of 90 Minutes in Heaven, another faith-based film starring Kate Bosworth and Hayden Christensen. Heaven, however, is only opening in about 800 theaters, and it's not expected to crack the top five.
4. Straight Outta Compton — $5 million
The highest-grossing musical biopic of all time just crossed $150 million at the domestic box office, and although Compton is starting to slow down, it should add another $5 million to its total this weekend.
5. A Walk In The Woods — $4.5 million
After opening last Wednesday, A Walk in the Woods exceeded expectations, earning $8.2 million over three days and $10.9 million over four. It even managed to slip past Straight Outta Compton to place second in the four-day box office race, although Compton secured second over the three-day period. The adaptation of Bill Bryson's best-selling book, starring Robert Redford and Nick Nolte, is eyeing a drop of about 45 percent in its second weekend, which should put it around $4.5 million.
Related Stories
•The Perfect Guy's Sanaa Lathan discusses male eye-candy and finding the right guy
•The Visit trailer teases terrifying return to form for M. Night Shyamalan
WANT MORE EW? Subscribe now to keep up with the latest in movies, television, music, and more.
Today Motorola unveiled the Moto X Style, the company's new high-end offering designed to compete against both mainstream rivals like Samsung and LG, as well as the number of growing Chinese OEMs that are pushing down pricing while offering premium experiences. In many ways, the Moto X Style hits all the right boxes. One of the latest Qualcomm processing packages? QHD? Compelling extras like waterproofing and quick charging? Check, check, and check. Even better, it is said to cost just $399 in the US, rebranded under the name Moto X Pure Edition.
This leads us to wonder, has Motorola just created a flagship killer killer? Last night OnePlus unveiled its next-gen follow-up to the OPO, the aptly named OnePlus 2. While it got a lot right, including pricing, the OP2 also made sacrifices such as the lack of QHD and lack of quick charging support.
Read also: What features are the OnePlus 2 missing?
In many ways the two phones are very comparably spec'd, but there are some very real differences. To better illustrate how the two differ, let's take an on-paper look at their spec sheets:
Moto X Style (aka Moto X Pure) OnePlus Two Display 5.7-inch display
Quad HD (2560x1440) resolution, 515 ppi 5.5-inch LCD, Full HD Processor 1.8 GHz hexa-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 808 processor
Adreno 418 GPU 1.8GHz Snapdragon 810 RAM 3GB 3 or 4 GB (depending on storage option) Storage 32/64 GB
expandable via microSD up to 128 GB 16 or 64GB storage Camera 21 MP rear-facing camera with dual LED flash
5 MP front-facing camera 13MP rear
5MP front Battery 3,000mAh 3,300mAh MicroSD Yes No NFC Yes No Fingerprint scanner No Yes Quick charging Yes No Waterproofing Yes, IP52 certified No Software Android 5.1.1 Lollipop OxygenOS based on Android 5.1 Dimensions 153.9 x 76.2 x 11.1 mm, 179g 151.8 x 74.9 x 9.85 mm, 175g Price $399 $339 (16GB), $389 (64GB)
Probably the biggest advantages the OP2 holds over the Moto X Style are the processing package (810 vs 808), the fingerprint scanner, a new type-C port, it weighs a little less, isn't as thick, has a slightly bigger battery, has 1GB more RAM (at least with the 64GB OP2), and costs a little less. On the flipside, the Moto X Style has quick charging, NFC, is waterproof with IP52 certification, has a much more impressive cam, has a QHD display, and has a microSD slot.
For many, it comes down to which of these extras you put more value in. Personally, I think the Moto X Style holds the edge. Stuff like Type-C is nice, but not exactly necessary. Weight and thickness matters little to me. The Snapdragon 810 is technically better, but the real world differences are arguably quite minor. On the other hand, I love having the option of microSD, and while QHD and IP52 waterproofing aren't essential, I find them more compelling than the OP2 ‘extras'.
It's also important to note that the Moto X Style is about the same price as the OP2 and requires no invites. Furthermore, US consumers will be able to use the Pure Edition model on any major US carrier — something you won't find with the GSM-only OP2.
Of course, opinions vary wildly and I completely respect that. For those on a super tight budget, the $10 – $60 savings could make the OP2 a clear winner. For others, fingerprint scanners might be considered a must-have, or perhaps the 5.5-inch screen as big as they are willing to go, and the list goes on. What side of the coin do you land on? Which is the ‘true flagship killer': Moto X Style or the OnePlus 2? Let us know what you think in the comments.
Next: OnePlus 2 vs OnePlus One
I am reminded of an ancient riddle, which asks, 'how high can one climb up a mountain?' The answer is 'to the top,' because once you reach the summit, the only possible way is down. Feminism has no obstacles left; total control is within its grasp, and byI do mean in the sense that it shall beThe victim card has served as an entry pass through the back door of state and supranational institutions. Now empowered over men, feminists have re-established the principles of Valerie Solanas'declaring - in language clearly evocative of the Final Solution - that we shall soon witness The End of Men. The 'sex war' is notas women approach (or in some cases, surpass) equality with men - it isFeminists are not only publicly inciting male hatred and getting away with it, they are using their positions in government, in academia, in think tanks and in the media to make their violent fantasies a reality, advocating the renunciation of men's basic human rights.To take one recent example, the Secretary of State of the most powerful nation in the world recently announced that an international mobile prosecution unit shall be established specifically to target men around the world. To take another recent example, a leading feminist has suggested that certain legal principles designed to protect innocent citizens from persecution and unjust imprisonment, dating back to the signing of the Magna Carta, should be withdrawn from men. Nor is feminism a problem confined to the Western world. Men are subject to the arbitrary rule of women in India, facing severe penalties forcausing the slightest offense.None of this squares with the 'women-as-victim' cliché, which has so usefully served feminists in getting to this point. Nevertheless, feminism is firmly entrenched and in control of the mechanisms which boast the monopoly on physical power, legitimate or otherwise. There is hardly any countervailing force which remains. The West has found its new Imperial Mission to replace Global Christendom: enforced worship of women. As any dissenting voice is immediately and violently stamped out, feminists are free to radicalize their anti-male agenda to the point of moral sickness and to unleash unto the world all manner of vindictive atrocities.For you see, when propaganda has ceased to be an effective tool of control, one seeking control will simply find other means. Control of the state - the monopoly on physical violence - is the means which feminists have sought. But unlike propaganda, which manipulates the mind, state control only brutalizes the body. The power of the controllers always ultimately rests upon the resilience of the controlled, hence consent must still be manufactured. The Roman Empire did not last for five hundred years by the exercise of brute force, but by mass support; the Emperor was glorified as a mortal deity, and even the smallest townships in his realm voluntarily erected statues and altars in his honor. For too long, men have been worshiping at the altar of the female, and it is tempting to believe that this psychological submission will not yield even in the face of physical oppression or extermination - that men will march to their demise like sacrificial lambs, hoping to win women's favor with their last servile actions. But proclamations regarding The End of Men may well turn out to be as empty as those which were made nearly twenty years earlier, concerning The End of History. The so-called Clash of Civilizations which followed led that author to refute his own position. We should be optimistic that a true Clash of the Sexes will soon have feminist-minded women eating crow.As feminism grows ever more powerful, and begins to realize its radical ambitions, it will simultaneously exhaust its capacity for manufacturing consent. Those chivalric illusions which ensure the consent of men, and which feminism ultimately rests upon - 'women-as-victim,' 'women-as-precious,' 'women-as-helpless,' and so on - will become rather more difficult to maintain in time. The more force is advanced against men to bridle and inhibit their lives, the more discontent shall be nurtured among them. The misandry bubble is due to burst, and with every example of overreach, which sees yet more good men cast into the role of criminal and subjected to humiliating and vicious punishments, another crack appears in the wall, another step we take closer to the day that the whole hateful edifice collapses under its own weight - and, crucially,Our task, then, is twofold: first, to prepare the ground, in order to hasten the collapse of feminism.Second (and complementary to the first): to construct the ideological weapons to help prevent a feminist resurgence following its collapse.Both of these goals require, not force, but some propagandizing of our own. Things being the way they are, this does not require us to distort the truth. On the contrary, we shall, for the most part, be exposing those truths which others have distorted; revealing the facts to a wider audience than has yet received them, diligently and unapologetically. As one notable activist in the field recently put it, he does not need tofeminists - all he needs to do isthem. Simply exposing feminist hatred to the disinfecting sunlight of the world might well be enough to turn the tide - which is why enormous energies are expended on misdirecting, discrediting, neutralizing and obscuring the arguments and advocates of the opposition.
By
On July 31,2016, during my morning prayer time, the Father spoke the following word to me.
“August will be an acceleration of assassinations both in this country and the world. Officials from both corporations (including banking) and political parties will be assassinated.
The cutting off of the head will be the goal of your enemy. This will be the dividing of the nations. A great culling (selecting process) has begun, it will not stop nor decrease untill the plan is in place.
This plan your enemy has laid out has been approved by Me. For I have warned that the enemy was at the gate. I have foretold your enemy would strike, but you have increased with goods and now you are dull of hearing! You have placed your hands over your ears. Silence is what you have asked for, but now you will receive the increase of My Prophets. For they will not stand by in idleness and stare, but they will stand and say with a voice of a trumpet, ‘Desolation, desolation, desolation, has come to your shores, your prairies, and cities, both large and small.'
You have forsaken My covenant, you have forgotten My offering of peace, now you will reap the whirlwind, the price of the folly of your sin.
My garments are clean, My breath does not reek with the stench of your consuming sin. I have not violated My House as you have violated your own. There is no comparison to My Royalty and Holiness though you were once a reflection of My Glory! I have divorced you oh nation of serpents! Vile and unclean are your streets, filled with pagan parties worshipping departed spirits of dead men. In your songs and festivities, you will vomit from their overflow. For you have drunken the wine of My wrath and fury! You thought I was as you! But I am not!
Your churches have become a gall of bitterness for the poison that has been preached. Bitter because the sweetness has lost its taste! For My Word is honey and it is life. But oh preacher and pastor of My Sheep, you have poisoned and diluted My Word by your sin. You prophesy words of good, peace, and prosperity. Ye hypocrites, you will receive the greater judgment! For like Balaam, you taught My People to err! Now the salt has lost its savor and it is good for nothing!
To My Remnant, I say arise stand up and go forth, move to higher ground, move to where you can be heard! Blow the trumpet! Sound the alarm! For soon war will begin and few will be found. Make haste in your plans and prepare My People for My Return and for My Habitation!”
Interpretation:
As I pondered this strong word, I acquired from God the meaning of assassination and categorizing of those targeted. He impressed within me that what is taking place right now, the increase of murder, the loss of life, (including leadership and those in authority) are planned assassinations.
It has always been the plan of satan and the minions he controls to destroy authority. It produces chaos, terror, and uncertainty within people, and nations. When I pondered assassinations, the Father showed me that this would not only be a JFK type of event, but multiple methods of death (car bombs, suicide bombers, snipers, poisons, etc.). In essence there will be an increase of this demonic spirit of murder, and carnage released on the earth. It is already taking place around the world, but it will be so obvious that there is a coordinated effort to destabilize the world.
He also impressed upon me that these assassinations will not be limited to the above mentioned categories, but those will most likely receive the greater attention, but they include authority in general terms, from law enforcement, military personnel, to a father or mother leading a family.
In plain speech, we have entered a season of accelerated death. As a note of confirmation, since receiving this word there has been an increase of murder, attempted assassination, and assassinations of those opposed to corruption within the political arena of our nation. Sadly, as I conclude this writing, a suicide bomber killed more than 70 people in Pakistan, mostly Lawyers who represent law and authority and journalists.
The world must wake up to the reality that Islam is not a religion of peace, but a political cult of death! Their solution to opposition is assassination!
Author: Pastor Benjamin Faircloth is the President and Founder of World Outreach Ministries International and also the Pastor of Ignited Church in Lavonia GA. His wife Jennifer is also a Pastor at Ignited Church, which was birthed out of a desire to see the glory of God restored to the church and to help others discover their destiny in Christ! Benjamin has been in ministry since 1991.
Building on the proven MBUS Pro platform, the MBUS Pro Offset Sights are part of an an effective aiming system to supplement magnified optics on M1913 Picatinny mounting surfaces. In the event of a damaged or nonfunctional primary optic, or a close target, rotating the rifle 45 degrees provides the shooter with a fully-featured iron sighting solution.
The MBUS Pro Offset Front Sight features durable Melonited steel construction, positive detented lockup when deployed, tool-less adjustment of the front post for easy zeroing, and a low profile footprint to ensure compatibility and reduce interference with most rifle setups.
Features
All steel construction
Case hardened and finished with Melonite QPQ™ for extreme resistance to wear and corrosion
Mounts on any MIL-STD-1913 Picatinny/STANAG 4694 rail including receiver-height gas blocks
Elevation adjustment knob – no tools required
Positive detents in both the up and down positions as well as on the elevation knob
Standard AR height overbore when deployed, 45 deg. offset right-hand side
Specs
As the seemingly endless Syrian Civil War means constant airstrikes in several heavily populated parts of the country, hospitals have repeatedly been damaged, and sometimes destroyed outright. Obviously repairs are constantly underway, but doctors in same parts of the country have come up with a novel solution, relocating underground.
Hama has one of the earliest and best example, with Central Cave Hospital praised as one of the safest hospitals around, some 17 meters underground. Other areas with heavy airstrikes like Idlib Province have doctors working on their own, often having to pay much of the cost themselves.
For a country where there's a ton of aid money to be had, the efforts have been struggled with legal issues surrounding the construction of new hospitals, with new underground hospitals considered “development,” and not “humanitarian” aid.
In some cases, this has been resolved by adding on underground annexes to existing hospitals, though in many cases, there appears to be a lot more interest in replacing the current hospitals outright with cave-based operations.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Brandon Russell is capable of making a bomb — and he admitted doing so.
Officials believe he also participated in neo-Nazi chat rooms where he threatened to kill people and blow up places.
Investigators found guns, ammunition and white supremacist propaganda in his bedroom, court records say. A framed photograph of convicted Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh was on his dresser.
Prosecutors believe those reasons should keep Russell behind bars while he awaits trial on federal charges. A judge, however, disagreed and decided that Russell can be released on bond.
In a ruling Friday, U.S. Magistrate Judge Thomas McCoun III of a federal-district court in Tampa said he does not believe there's “clear and convincing evidence” that Russell is a threat to the community. Russell, 21, was charged last month with possession of unregistered destructive devices and unlawful storage of explosive material.
‘Neo-nazi' in National Guard faces federal charges after police find explosives https://t.co/63wFv4GFCR — KRON4 News (@kron4news) June 11, 2017
[A neo-Nazi converted to Islam and killed 2 roommates for ‘disrespecting' his faith, police say]
Federal officials found out about Russell after his roommate, a former neo-Nazi who is believed to have converted to Islam, admitted killing two other roommates. Devon Arthurs confessed that he shot his roommates for “disrespecting” his new faith. The 18-year-old also told police that all four of them, who lived in an apartment in Tampa, shared common neo-Nazi beliefs, until he reportedly converted to Islam.
Devon Arthurs (Tampa Police Department)
Arthurs was arrested on May 19. Police found his roommates, 22-year-old Jeremy Himmelman and 18-year-old Andrew Oneschuk, with gunshot wounds in the head and upper body. They also found Russell, crying outside their apartment after finding his roommates dead.
Police discovered Russell's bomb-making devices, as well as an explosive known as HTMD (hexamethylene triperoxide diamine), in the garage after searching the apartment, court records say.
Russell admitted to detectives that he's a white nationalist, and that he's a member of a neo-Nazi group called “Atom Waffen,” German for “atomic weapon.” The Southern Poverty Law Center lists the Atomwaffen Division in San Antonio as a hate group.
Russell also told investigators that he used HTMD and the bomb-making devices when he was part of an engineering club at the University of South Florida in 2013, court records say. He said the explosive was used to boost homemade rockets and send balloons into the air for testing. But officials believe HTMD is too strong and volatile for those types of uses.
[‘I shot dad': The tragic case of a child who killed his abusive, neo-Nazi father]
After he talked to detectives, Russell went to a gun store in Homestead, Fla., where he bought two hunting rifles and hundreds of rounds of ammunition. He was later arrested.
McCoun, the federal judge, said in the ruling that Russell's purchase of the rifles and ammunition is concerning, but he did not believe it was enough to deny his request for a bond. Russell, a member of the Florida National Guard, also does not have any arrests or criminal history, and relatives have agreed to allow him to stay with them as he waits for trial. There's also no evidence that Russell used or planned to use the explosive he created, the judge wrote.
It's unclear what the conditions of his release are.
Prosecutors on Friday requested Russell's release be postponed for 72 hours so they have time to submit a detailed motion asking McCoun to change his ruling.
Russell is being held in the Pinellas County Jail.
Amy B Wang contributed to this story.
READ MORE:
A boy shot his abusive, neo-Nazi dad. The Supreme Court just let his murder conviction stand.
The ‘hotbed of anti-Semitism' isn't a foreign country. It's U.S. college campuses, a new report says.
Anti-Semitic jokes cause YouTube, Disney to distance themselves from PewDiePie
Facebook
In recent years, the underground music scene has slowly become more and more dominated by a plethora of female-fronted bands. And it's not that there are just a lot of them — they're also making really, really good music. From lo-fi bedroom pop to revamped '90s inspired grunge to power-pop to full-on punk rock, female-fronted groups are doing a little bit of everything and making you feel a whole lot of something. Amongst countless contenders, here's a list of thirteen up-and-coming female-fronted bands who are doing big things right now. Given the odds stacked against women working in rock, these bands deserve the extra, focused shine. Check them out.
1. Diet Cig
Facebook
Diet Cig, the duo of Alex Luciano (vocals, guitar) and Noah Bowman (drums), create some of the most infectious pop-punk songs out there. And while they may seem like they are just a band that is really good at having fun and making catchy songs while they are at it, Diet Cig is so much more. Luciano's songwriting starts with her very personal emotions and expands outwards to approach political and societal issues that she feels need to be addressed, and rightfully so. She calls out the patriarchy in “Tummy Ache,” a single off Diet Cig's most recent album, Swear I'm Good At This, in singing “I'm starting to get real sick of / Trying to find my voice / Surrounded by all boys.” Diet Cig is currently on a nationwide tour in support of Swear I'm Good At This, which was released on April 7 with Frenchkiss Records. Check out an interview we did with Luciano about the new record.
2. Retirement Party
M.Winters Photography
Chicago-based pop rockers Retirement Party, fronted by the whimsical Avery Springer, just released their debut EP Strictly Speaking back in January via Tilde Records. The EP is a collection of honest power pop songs and fast pop punk tracks that discuss “existential doubt,” “shortness of breath,” and “Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind.” Coming out of the Midwest emo and punk DIY scene, Retirement Party takes their roots and literally turns them into a “party” with their upbeat, pop-centric songs. The band, which includes Springer, Kevin Mandell, Nick Cartwright, and James Ringness, is currently playing shows in Chicago and the surrounding areas in continual support of the EP. Springer also slows it down with her acoustic solo project called Elton John Cena.
3. Slingshot Dakota
Facebook
Carly Comando plays the keyboard and harmonizes with drummer Tom Patterson for the Bethlehem, Pennsylvania-based indie rock duo Slingshot Dakota. Being partners both in life and in music, Comando and Patterson “stop pretending [they] have nothing in common” and master the cohesion and chemistry that every band strives to achieve. Their united, yet fuzzy sound is better than ever on their fourth full-length album, Break, which came out in March 2016 via Topshelf. They followed this up strongly with a 7-inch called Broken in February of this year. Slingshot Dakota will be doing a UK tour in May with Petal and then will return for a series of shows in the Midwest. Get tickets here.
On the altar was a row of photographs of students, many smiling, who had been found dead after the 6,825-ton ferry sank on April 16 during a trip from the port city of Incheon to the southern resort island of Jeju.
Survivors said most of the 325 second-year students on board for a class trip were trapped inside after the crew repeatedly urged them to stay where they were even though the ship was badly listing. Most of the crew members, however, were among the first to flee the ship. Survivors have said they never heard an evacuation order.
North Korea sent its condolences through a telephone hotline at the truce village of Panmunjom on the border between the countries, the Unification Ministry of the South said. The North's Korean Central News Agency confirmed that the message had been sent. Seoul did not immediately respond.
Friday
Becoming a Bodhisattva
4 Comments February 15, 2013 – 12:30 am | Permalink |
At the core of the Mahayana Buddhist teachings is the crown jewel of bodhichitta. This is the supreme thought, the highest possible concept that the mind can generate. Bodhichitta is the intention to bring all sentient beings to enlightenment. The person who has this thought of becoming awake in order to liberate others is a bodhisattva, who could consider to be the supremely thoughtful one.
At the conclusion of many lifetimes, a being may generate the supreme intention to benefit others. That is the first thought of a bodhisattva. It is also the last thought—the final result of a long journey through every conceivable thought. At that point, there are no other thoughts, for there is no “I” in other. This supreme thought is pure: there are no contorted logics about why it is good to think about others. It is how the bodhisattva really feels. Finally, this thought has beauty and balance because it naturally benefits the bodhisattva and everyone else.
The difference between our everyday thoughts and the bodhisattva's thought is that most of us wake up with the thought of self—“What can I do to be happy?” Like the supreme thought of benefiting others, this thought is first, it is final, and it has its own kind of beauty, an innate symmetry in accord with its own needs. But with this ordinary thought, whether one engages in worldly or spiritual activities, they are all based upon the principle of self.
Just as that thought arises so easily and naturally for ordinary beings, the bodhisattva arouses a mind of bodhichitta, with “May others be happy” as the first thought. In that moment, the concept of self is completely evaporated. The bodhisattva's consciousness and the intention to benefit others emerge together spontaneously.
The transition between ordinary thoughts and bodhichitta happens as thoughts of others' benefit beginning to arise naturally and spontaneously. This is the pivotal step on the Mahayana path, for in it is the seed of full awakenment. It is the apex of concept and the lowest point of wisdom. It can be likened to dawn, which is both the brightest part of the night and the dimmest part of the day. In that light, wisdom is always there, and darkness is only a temporary state.
Bodhichitta is known as the crown jewel of all the mind's concepts, representing power and authority. Random thoughts of others amidst those of self-concern are like the settings on the crown. It is called “wish-fulfilling” because when this thought of others is the first thought, always dawning, the natural result is the fulfillment of our own and others' wishes.
Conceiving of the intention to achieve enlightenment in order to benefit others is a sign of maturity. It means that after spending eons at coarse and obscured levels of consciousness, considering only how to benefit the self, the bodhisattva has experienced a pivotal understanding: he or she sees that the self is a fabrication, simply a thought that has been animated by the mind, like a cartoon. Pondering this, the bodhisattva concludes that thinking about the self only causes further suffering. It is the most confused, ignorant, and untrue thought possible—and the one on which many people base their entire lives.
The bodhisattva understands that by gathering up the various attributes of consciousness and body, the mind has created a bundle known as a “self.” Rather than feel the free-flowing quality of perceptions and experiences, the mind has consolidated them into one bale of hay—all because it could not handle interdependence. From that moment onward, it has based all its experiences on this identity called “me.” Similarly, it regards others not as interdependent, but as separate selves too.
Because forcing the disparate elements of mind and body into a single “me” is unnatural, trying to hold the concept together always causes tension, and the natural outcome of tension is further tension. When others threaten this tension called “me,” the concept becomes angry. When others cater to and flatter this concept, it wants to draw in the praise, and desire is added to the mix. When others' self-fabrications have more finesse, this self cannot handle it, and becomes envious.
Thus, the self experiences a perpetual universe of push and pull. To continue its storyline, it needs to fabricate a universe where it can act out its fantasy, which results in the process of birth, aging, and death. However, no matter what universe it fabricates, the concept of self is always in pain.
It is from this confusion and suffering that the bodhisattva awakens. Seeing that the suffering is completely unnecessary, the bodhisattva wishes to alleviate it. It would be another matter if there were, in fact, a self that was causing all the suffering. However, the only source—if it can be considered a source—is the mind's confusion.
The thought of self is considered to be intelligence that cannot see things properly. We are in the dark, trying to feel our way. We might mistake a blanket for a dog, or grab a chair and think it is a table. Therefore, bodhichitta is considered to be the dawning of wisdom. When it is born, it continues; it is not a temporary state. When the supreme mind arises, it is joyful. Bodhisattvas' minds are less coarse because they are more in line with the truth. Because bodhisattvas can see what they are doing, they enjoy their work of benefitting others. This work is delightful not because they are trying to suppress the notion of self, but because they are working in the open day. It is clear to them who they are and, more accurately, who they are not. Therefore, the bodhisattva is relieved of the thought of self, and delighted by working for the welfare of others.
~~
Teaching taken from the Sakyong's upcoming book: The Supreme Thought: Bodhichitta and the Enlightened Society Vow, which will be published on February 14, 2013 by Shambhala Media, and is available to any interested reader.
A man wears a mask depicting Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel during a protest over the government's reforms and cost-cutting measures, in Brussels, Belgium September 29, 2016. REUTERS/Yves Herman
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - Tens of thousands of Belgian workers marched through Brussels on Thursday to mark the second anniversary of a center-right government that plans to extend the working week and abandon a scheduled wage increase.
The protest, the fourth against the government in two years, saw workers dressed in the green or red of respective unions march across the city center from north to south.
Police said the turnout was 45,000 and unions put the figure at 70,000. The march closed some of Brussels' main roads.
“The aim of today is to make... the government stop targeting workers and start targeting tax evasion,” said Sophie Van De Velde of the public sector CGSP union.
In July, the government said it planned to allow a working week of up to 45 hours for limited periods, a move unions said would weaken workers' rights. The maximum now is 38 hours.
The government is also considering skipping a round of automatic wage hikes for a second time to make Belgium more competitive. Belgium and Luxembourg operate a system whereby wages are automatically increased in line with inflation.
Police had warned commuters not to come to Brussels by car. Brussels Airport advised passengers to allow extra time for travel to the airport.
While a number of bus, tram and metro lines in the city were closed, international train services such as the Eurostar to London and the Thalys to Paris and Amsterdam were on schedule.
By Helen Neill
BBC Radio 1 & 1xtra Health Reporter
The Internet means pornography has become more easily available
Almost 80% of the 43 therapists in the survey said sex addiction is a problem.
Many said the obsessive use of internet pornography is now the most common form of the condition.
The counselling service Relate has also seen a "huge increase" in people who say compulsive sexual behaviour is straining their relationship.
The therapists said that in the most extreme cases people can lose their jobs or partners because of their obsession, with some spending up to eight hours a day looking at pornographic websites.
In the questionnaire, conducted for BBC Radio 1's Newsbeat, 74% said it was becoming increasingly common to see excessive use of internet pornography as a problem in relationships.
'Severe impact'
Whereas frequent casual sex, risk-taking sex and use of prostitutes was seen as fairly common amongst sex addicts, the use of internet pornography was seen as very common - internet pornography and 'cybersex' were often seen as anonymous, cheap and safe.
One respondent described the worst case they had come across. "The most debilitating was a man who had to have sex 10-12 times every day. Lately with internet pornography men seem to get addicted quicker".
Christine Lacy, Relate Sex therapy consultant said those with sex addiction problems felt their lives were: "spiralling out of control".
She said: "In the last two years alone, Relate has witnessed a huge increase in people presenting excessive use of internet pornography, and compulsive sexual behaviour as issues affecting their relationships.
"Their partners feel betrayed and very angry and whilst many partners are supportive, in some cases they cannot continue the relationship which obviously has a severe impact on any children they may have, their jobs and their wider families."
"Relate counsellors working with teenagers have reported that the instant availability of pornographic images on the internet and mobile phones has worrying implications for their ability to have normal sexual relationships as they grow up."
The questionnaire was completed by 43 sex and relationship therapists from across the UK.
The inquiry launched by the People's Bank of China into BTCC, OKcoin and Huobi Bitcoin exchanges on Friday January 6 may be a catalyst for some retracement – a temporary reversal in the direction of a price that goes against the prevailing trend – in the market, said Dominik Weil of Bitcoin Vietnam.
While it is being misconstrued for a ban by some media, the meeting neither mentioned a ban on Bitcoin-related trading nor any other form of restrictive measure on Bitcoin trading itself.
The meeting with the three exchanges that account for 90% of the global Bitcoin trading was meant to remind the exchanges of their need to operate in accordance with the laws and regulations of China and to conduct self-examination. It comes after the price of Bitcoin recorded a wild volatility in a couple of days.
Chinese government's policy and behaviors are always subtle and important. The “inquiry” in Chinese literally means “to meet and talk”( yue tan 约谈). In Chinese Stock Exchanges, CEO of companies whose stock price is abnormally volatile or whose capital operation has potential to greatly impact the market like major acquisition and buy-out could be inquired by China Securities Regulatory Commission. The inquiry in many cases is just a softened reminding or if any, warning. It can also be the initial stage of an investigation in some cases, though.
According to Caixin, China's top financial news media, PBOC has told the threes exchanges that the devaluation of yuan should not be mentioned in their promotions and has reiterated the importance of Anti-money Laundering Law of China. Furthermore, PBOC said the three exchanges should not conduct off-line promotions in China. Specifically, PBOC has warned BTCC that fake trading records(machine transactions) shall not happen again.
In a short statement from BTCC regarding the announcement, the Chinese exchange which touts itself as the longest running in the world, notes that the meeting with the PBOC was not the first of its kind and that the press release issued only outlines the significant volatility in Bitcoin trading and a reminder that the digital currency does not have a legal tender status.
In the announcement of BTCC, it reads:
BTCC has participated the meet-up with PBOC and Financial Office of Shanghai. It has introduced the current status of BTCC. BTCC will operate strictly in accordance with Chinese laws and regulations as it has long been done. BTCC will actively conduct self-examination and correction of any irregularity. BTCC will firmly help government to uphold market stability and guard interests of investors. BTCC's reminder:In accordance of Joint Notice of People's bank of China, Ministry of Industry and Information, China Securities Regulatory Commission China Banking Regulatory Commission on Bitcoin Risk Prevention, Bitcoin is a specific virtual good. It is not law-based and compulsory like currency thus does not have the legal status as a currency. It shall not, should not be circulated as a currency in the market. Individuals and agencies should properly treat virtual goods and virtual currency. They should invest with rationale in Bitcoin and thus bear the possible risks by their own.
Some people think the inquiry should not be overstated and over interpreted.
In an email to 8btc, Weil says :
“the news is probably more like a a catalyst for some retracement(cooldown) of an overheated market anyway. The price surges we have seen over the last 2 weeks have been quite exaggerated. We might see now some days/weeks of a more stable price development,” he stated. We are also in regular exchange with officials of the State Bank of Vietnam in order to bring our industry insights to the table while making sure we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. I think this is just the natural state of things if you are serious about building a long-term perspective for your business.”
Please follow 8btc news for more interpretations of Chinese policies on Bitcoin.
Senior Airman Jennifer Donaldson from the Illinois Air National Guard has become the first woman to be trained at the only U.S. military sniper school open to females. She graduated from the National Guard Sniper School's first counter-sniper course for Air Guard security force personnel on April 14.
March is the traditional month for celebrating women's history. April 2001, however, is when 19-year-old Jennifer Donaldson made some history of her own.
She was nicknamed “G.I. Jane” at Camp Robinson in central Arkansas, near Little Rock. That's where the senior airman from the Illinois Air National Guard became the first woman to complete the only U.S. military sniper school open to females. That's where she did for real what Demi Moore portrayed in the 1997 movie about training Navy SEALS.
Technically, Donaldson and seven men on April 14, the Saturday before Easter, graduated from the first counter-sniper program for Air Guard security force personnel conducted by the eight-year-old National Guard Sniper School. It was the first program of its kind for any U.S. Air Force component.
A very tired-looking Donaldson “The Air Force has been the only ground combat force in this country that does not employ snipers and counter-snipers,” explained Army Guard Sgt. 1st Class Ben Dolan, a former Marine sniper and the school's chief instructor.
That made Donaldson, a patrol person from the Air Guard's 183rd Fighter Wing in Springfield, Ill., the pilot woman student for the National Guard's pilot training program for security people charged with protecting air bases and airplanes.
“I've admired policemen since I was a little kid,” explained the trim Donaldson, who stands 5-foot-9 and weighs 125 pounds, while wearily picking at her dinner following a long, hot Sunday of outdoor training. “I want to get as much training as I can get. This sounded interesting.”
She and her partner, special operations Staff Sgt. Frank Tallman from Kentucky, had found four of five points and were the first team to complete and pass a 2.7-mile land navigation course through thick woods that day. She was steeling herself to do another three-hour course that night.
“I had no idea it would be this hard,” said Donaldson after her first week. “I've been in the Guard for a year. I've done basic training and tech school. But I've never seen this kind of physical training. Some of us had to get fit while we were here.
“Yesterday I wanted to go home,” she added. “I was so stressed out, and I had no confidence at all.”
Donaldson was considerably more upbeat five days later, the day before graduation, after the two tough weeks of training were behind her.
“It's a relief,” she said on Good Friday. “I feel that I have really accomplished something. I stuck with it because I wanted to prove to myself I could do it.”
The 14 straight days of strenuous physical and mental training is grounded in the idea that the best way to detect a sniper is with another sniper, said Dolan. The counter-sniper students were trained to think like and become snipers — to deliberately locate and kill another human being without remorse.
Two Air Guard men who have gone to war for this country took top honors. Nebraska Senior Airman John Swanson, a Marine in Southwest Asia during Operation Desert Storm, was the distinguished honor graduate. Tallman, a former Army Ranger who jumped into Panama in December 1989 to help kick off Just Cause against Manuel Noriega, was named Top Gun as the best shooter.
Detecting practice targets as small as a pencil, sketching structures where enemy snipers could be concealed, and memorizing minute details about an enemy unit's size, uniforms and equipment were part of the drill for the students who spent as much time on their stomachs as they did on their feet.
Donaldson was eligible to attend the school because women belong to Air Guard and Air Force security forces, Dolan explained.
That is not the case in the Army and the Marines because snipers are part of those infantry forces, and women can't be in the infantry. Dolan, however, maintains that more women should be trained as snipers.
“Frankly, women are better suited mentally for this job than most men,” said Dolan who has learned the sniper craft from the Marines and from the Army and who saw duty as a Marine sniper 10 years ago during the Persian Gulf War.
“A woman is best suited to counter a woman sniper,” he added. “That's important because over 50 percent of the countries that have been considered hostile to the United States, including North Vietnam and North Korea, have used women snipers.
“Women can shoot better, by and large, and they're easier to train because they don't have the inflated egos that a lot of men bring to these programs,” Dolan said. “Women will ask for help if they need it, and they will tell you what they think.”
Dolan has designed the counter-sniper program for Air Guard security people, and he has no reservations about training women who can handle the 15-hour days of running and shooting and camouflage lessons in the woods.
The students had to complete a two-day and night field training exercise at the Arkansas National Guard's Fort Chaffee before they graduated.
“The same standards apply to men and women,” Dolan insisted. “This course is designed to test their physical limits and their emotional balance.”
Despite Donaldson's concerns, Dolan said, the sniper school's first woman student shot well with her scope-mounted, high-power rifle on the range and was an above average student.
The tests took many forms, Donaldson related. All eight got “smoked” if one made a mistake. They all did grass drills and pushups, low crawled through a large mud puddle, and hung upside down while hugging a tree with their arms and legs because one of them did not handle a rifle properly. No one made that mistake again.
“They tried to teach you to deal with stress,” related Donaldson. “I believe it worked. And I feel much better about all of this now that it's over.”
Australia puts women in front line
by Paul Ham
Sydney
THEIR muscles may be smaller, their lung power may be
less. But women can be every bit as ruthless as men,
according to the top brass of Australia's armed forces. Last
week they announced plans to let women join combat units.
If senior officers get their way, women will soon be slashing
paths through the jungle and learning to bayonet the enemy.
They will even be considered for entry into the special forces
if they can run two miles in 16 minutes in full combat uniform
while carrying a rifle and a 66lb backpack.
Admiral Chris Barrie, chief of the Australian Defence Force,
put forward his proposals after a review of the role of women
in the military. In response, the government is expected to
overhaul employment laws that bar women from joining
combat units in the army, navy and air force.
Military commanders say they must appeal to women if they
are to arrest a decline in the number of recruits, which has
fallen by 20% in 10 years. While the initiative has been
welcomed by female recruits, the prospect of training women
for hand-to-hand combat has put some men up in arms.
“It's a load of rubbish,” said a major in the army's training
division who served in Vietnam. “I have a daughter and I
wouldn't like to see her in the front line.
“The nature of the male beast is that he can drop the shutters
and kill. Can a woman do that?”
The answer is yes, according to Karlene Oliver, 17, a lock
forward in her high school rugby team – “It was great fun
smashing up other girls without getting into trouble” – who
enlisted in the army last week.
“I don't doubt that women can do what men can do,” she said
as she headed off for a six-week basic training course in
Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. “I don't think women are
the weaker sex psychologically.”
Oliver joined another new recuit, Alexi Dranna, 18, from
Brisbane, Queensland, who aims to enter a combat unit. “If I
pass all the physical tests, why not join the frontline troops?”
she said.
Should she succeed, Dranna will become one of the few
combat-ready women soldiers in the world.
Canada, which allowed women into combat units in 1987, is
believed to be the only western country that recruits them
specifically for the front line. Fewer than 100 have trained as
battle soldiers, serving in peace-keeping roles in Bosnia,
Congo and Rwanda.
In Australia, the most controversial aspect of the military's
plans is the possibility that women will join the Special Air
Service Regiment (SASR), the nation's most elite combat
unit. No other country has entertained the notion of women
serving in crack squads of this calibre.
The SASR, which fought behind enemy lines in Vietnam, is
regarded as one of the world's toughest military outfits,
renowned for the intensity of its training in the deserts of
Western Australia.
If Dranna attempted to join the SASR, she would be
expected, on day one, to run 1 1/2 miles in 9 minutes 30
seconds and to do 60 press-ups and 100 sit-ups.
The rest of the course includes running and walking for up to
60 miles across desert dunes, arduous underwater diving
exercises and a series of free-fall parachute jumps. Recruits
learn how to “engage the enemy” and destroy them using
bullets, bayonets, knives and bare hands.
One woman has already proved she is up to the physical
standard required. Major Robyn Fellowes recently
completed the cadre commando course, an endurance test in
the outback that is said to be as tough as the SASR's.
Fellowes enlisted for the intelligence service but still had to
undergo commando training. “Many men couldn't have done
it,” said a senior officer.
Although many in the military establishment have no objection
to women in combat units, some remain hostile, particularly
older soldiers. Michael O'Connor, executive director of the
Australian Defence Association, a military think tank, warned
against the proposal.
“I don't like it one bit, frankly. The liberal elites, the feminists,
are driving this. They're trying to change the role of women,”
said O'Connor, who saw combat as a military policeman in
Papua New Guinea in the 1950s.
“Fighting in wars is not a role for women.”
Some military women in Australia have nevertheless shown
themselves undaunted by physical obstacles. Last year
Natalee McDougall, 22, became the country's first female
helicopter pilot.
“I don't think the process of getting women into combat units
is gender-related,” said Admiral Barrie. “What we have got to
focus on is: are the individuals capable of doing the job?”
CLOSE University of Missouri assistant professor Melissa Click was filmed calling for "muscle" to remove student journalists from protests. The same video shows Mizzou's assistant director of Greek Life Janna Basler telling student media to "back off." USA TODAY
University of Missouri assistant professor Melissa Click grabbed national attention after a video captured her clash with a student journalist at the site of campus protests in November. GOP lawmakers are now calling for Click to be fired. (Photo: Mark Schierbecker)
More than 100 Missouri Republican lawmakers are calling for the firing of a University of Missouri assistant professor and a staff member who received nationwide attention after a video captured the two women attempting to intimidate student journalists at the site of a campus protest in November.
Eighteen state senators and 99 House members signed letters to top administrators of the University of Missouri System and its flagship campus in Columbia, charging that communication assistant professor Melissa Click "failed to meet the obligations she has to her supervisors, fellow professors, University students, and the taxpayers of Missouri" when she called for "muscle" to help her remove a student journalist from the protest site.
In addition to calling for Click's ouster, the senators also called for the firing of Janna Basler, the university's assistant director of Greek Life, who appears in a video to have physical contact with a student photographer. In that same video, Click appears to grab at a camera carried by student journalist Mark Schierbecker and calls for help to remove him from a protest site on campus.
The protests, which were triggered by African-American students' concerns that administrators were doing too little to address racism on campus and included a strike by Mizzou's football team, led to the resignations of UM system president Tim Wolfe and chancellor R. Bowen Loftin.
"The fact that, as a professor teaching in the communication department and school of journalism, she displayed such a complete disregard for the First Amendment rights of reporters should be enough to question her competency and aptitude for her job," the lawmakers wrote. "It should be evident that these actions are inappropriate, illegal and unacceptable for a faculty member of the University of Missouri."
In response the Republican lawmakers, colleagues of Click released a letter on Tuesday that was sent to university officials last month in which they expressed support for Click. The letter, which was signed by more than 100 university faculty members, notes that Click expressed remorse for her actions soon after the incident. They added that her actions "constitute at most a regrettable mistake."
"We believe that Click has been wronged in the media by those who have attacked her personally and have called for her dismissal," the letter said. "We affirm our support of her as a colleague, a teacher, and a scholar, and we call upon the University to defend her First Amendment rights of protest and her freedom to act as a private citizen."
State Rep. Caleb Jones, a GOP lawmaker from Columbia, said that he and colleagues began gathering signatures last month but decided to make their effort public on Monday after gaining support from more than 100 lawmakers.
"It's imperative that the university act swiftly to remove her from her position," Jones said.
Missouri Governor Jay Nixon, a Democrat, said he doesn't agree with the intent of the letter, because it attempts to "micromanage" the university. But he said he does agree that Click's behavior was outrageous.
“Anybody who saw that video… I can understand how completely unacceptable her behavior was. The fact that people are upset, I'm okay with that,” Nixon said.
Click, who does not have tenure, resigned her courtesy appointment in the journalism school the day after the incident but remains an assistant professor of communication at the university.
In the letter, the GOP lawmakers also raise questions about Click's research. According to a university bio, Click's "current research projects involve 50 Shades of Grey readers, the impact of social media in fans' relationship with Lady Gaga, masculinity and male fans, messages about class and food in reality television programming, and messages about work in children's television programs."
"While we recognize there may be some value in pop culture studies, her behavior has the public questioning her 'research' and her unacceptable actions during the protests," the lawmakers wrote.
In the faculty letter, Click's colleagues praised her, writing she has "earned her position through an outstanding record of teaching and research."
Basler and Click did not respond to requests for comment. Christian Basi, a spokesman for the university, declined to comment on the letters.
Follow USA TODAY correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1R8wswt
Football head injury experts at Purdue University say they have developed new helmet technology that would massively decrease the shock to the brain resulting from on-field impact.
And the engineers in Purdue‘s Neurotrauma Group say their approach is getting results for a much smaller investment than the studies done by medical schools.
“The NFLPA just gave $100 million to Harvard,” says Eric Nauman, Professor of Biomechanical Engineering. “And our whole investment in this current technology is about $35,000.”
Nauman acknowledges that he and his colleagues are not medical doctors. But he says their engineering perspective can help address biomedical problems. Their approach is a polymer-lined helmet.
Tests conducting with an Army helmet indicate the approach can reduce the G-force to a player‘s brain by 50 percent.
“It was about 400 Gs for this type of test–a pretty severe test,” says Nauman. “And when we put in our material, we got it down to 186.”
The helmets already in use in the National Football League and many college programs are designed to prevent skull fractures. But Nauman says they do nothing to disperse energy. And that, he says, is a critical shortcoming.
Nauman says the next step is to develop a version that can be commercially produced. And there is one other thing to be addressed.
“We have to come up with a name for it,” he said.
This strange gelatinous sponge piqued my interest when I first heard about it on Reddit and I had to get my hands on it. I bought a Missha Konjac Sponge from the eBay seller iamlove-shop for $5.12 (USD) with free shipping. There are many different brands that sell this sponge but the original comes from The Konjac Sponge Company. I'm still trying to get my hands on one of the originals for a comparison but $15+ (CAN) is a bit steep for me at the moment. If anyone finds one for less than this let me know! I might even have a little something for the person that can find me a decently priced original konjac sponge!
Anyways, back to the point! The most important thing to look for when shopping for one of these awesome exfoliating tools is for at least 90% konjac. This one is 100% and personally I prefer it over my 90% Ecotools sponge. You can get different additives in the sponge but from my research I have found that the additives do nothing and you shouldn't pay extra to get a sponge that has them. This is just an opinion though, so if you like the additives, get them!
The Sponge:
The dry sponge:
When dry, the sponge is pretty hard and is roughly half the size as it is when it is wet.
The wet sponge:
When wet it feels heavy and soft, it's got a weird jelly feeling. It's just really cool! You have to feel it for yourself!
How to Use:
To start, you soak the sponge. It should feel squishy and, well, spongy! Then, you rub it in small circles on your face to exfoliate. You can use cleanser with it but you don't have to. This sponge is gentle enough to use around the eyes too! After, you rinse it, squeeze out the extra water and let it dry. It is important to remember not to twist it to wring out the water as this will tear it. Just squeeze it like you'd squeeze your hand around a big wad of cash!
My Thoughts:
I love this thing! It leaves my face nice and smooth, it isn't too rough and is easy to use, it's easy to care for and pretty cost effective compared to some other exfoliating tools. It is a nice addition to my beauty routine and I use it with my normal cleanser, right before I use my BHA exfoliant. If you're considering buying one but have been waffling back and forth, go for it! If you've never heard of it, try it! I will definitely buy more of these as needed.
Where to buy:
eopenmarket.com: $3.00 USD, shipping is $3.80 USD (to Canada and the United States).
Innisfree sponges at Cosmetic-love.com: $6.94 USD, free shipping. This sponge is 100% konjac as well.
The ebay page where I bought mine.
The Original Sponge
Retailers of the original sponge
Edit: Thank you to user Sharkus_Reincarnus for these links to Amazon sponges for those of you that are in the United States.
Winstonia Facial Sponge for $1.95 (USD) + $2.99 shipping. It comes in a 3 pack for $5.89 + $2.99 shipping!
Extra Info:
Konjac is alkaline and because of this it is supposed to help balance the pH of your skin while exfoliating and cleansing. If taken care of properly it should last 2-3 months before needing to be replaced, longer if you take really good care of it. You can increase the lifespan of your sponge by pressing/squeezing the excess water out of it and not wringing it out, rinsing it well after use, and by allowing it to dry out between uses. Allowing it to dry can be difficult as I find that the side against the surface it's resting against doesn't dry. I do hang mine and this helps though. You can also disinfect the sponge by boiling it for a few minutes but this should be done only when needed, as it breaks down the fibers faster.
When it does start to break down it can be composted as it is completely natural! Some people even us it in the bottom of potted plants to help retain moisture!
(All reviews and statements are my honest opinions, and all products are purchased by me unless otherwise explicitly stated.)
Advertisements
At one point Mr. Obama made a major gaffe; he identified Abraham Lincoln as the founder of the Republican Party.
Barack Obama has gone to Congress asking for more money to spend. The President, in a rambling and tedious exercise mixing blame with demands, made quite a few dubious statements in laying out the case for Congress to vote for the plan which as yet does not exist. Much like Obamacare, Congress must ultimately vote for the bill to know what is in it.
Lincoln did not join the Republicans until 1856, over two years after the party was founded. The first Republican convention was held in Ripon, Wisconsin in 1854.
Such a gaffe would have brought huge amounts of ridicule and derision on George W. Bush, but in the case of Obama the media yawned.
Actually, they did more than yawn; government-funded PBS has altered the transcript of the President's speech, removing the offending comment.
The New York Times transcript has the following quote:
"We all remember Abraham Lincoln as the leader who saved our Union. Founder of the Republican Party. But in the middle of a civil war, he was also a leader who looked to the future -- a Republican President who mobilized government to build the Transcontinental Railroad -- (applause) -- launch the National Academy of Sciences, set up the first land grant colleges. (Applause.) And leaders of both parties have followed the example he set."
But how does it appear in the PBS transcript?
"We all remember Abraham Lincoln as the leader who saved our Union. But in the middle of a Civil War, he was also a leader who looked to the future - a Republican president who mobilized government to build the transcontinental railroad; launch the National Academy of Sciences; and set up the first land grant colleges. And leaders of both parties have followed the example he set."
So PBS has purposely altered a transcript containing a major gaffe by the President. See a screen shot:
Sure; we have a fair and balanced media! The best government money can buy!
Update: Brian Birdnow adds:
Shocking, but not surprising! B-Ho was also wrong on saying that Lincoln started the first land grant colleges. Each state is in charge of its own educational institutions and most of the states entering the union after 1815 had designated state universities,with grants of land, in their state constitutions. That is the reason that major state universities are in near the geographic center of their respective states, and not located in the major urban areas.
Update from Russell Cook:
It now says at the top of the transcript page now "EDITOR'S NOTE: The original transcript provided on this page, as was noted, reflected the president's remarks as prepared for delivery and released by the White House. This transcript has been updated to reflect the remarks as delivered and released by the White House."
Timothy Birdnow is a St. Louis based writer. His website is www.tbirdnow.mee.nu
Welcome Instapundit readers. Thanks, Glenn.
Welcome Drudget Report readers. Thanks, Matt.
The controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) just passed the U.S. House, and will now head to the upper Senate chamber for further deliberation.
Rinse and repeat. This isn't the first time that this has happened, but it still poses a major threat to Fourth Amendment rights, according to civil liberties campaigners.
Image: CNET
The Bill was passed 288-127 in favor of the Bill after two days of debate and discussion on the House floor. Only 18 members of the House abstained from the vote.
CISPA will allow private sector firms to search personal and sensitive user data of ordinary U.S. residents to identify "threat information," which can then be shared with other opt-in firms and the U.S. government — without the need for a court-ordered warrant.
This means a company like Facebook, Twitter, Google, or any other technology or telecoms company, including your cell service provider, would be legally able to hand over vast amounts of data to the U.S. government and its law enforcement — for whatever purpose it deems necessary — and face no legal reprisals.
Read this What is CISPA, and what does it mean to you? FAQ Dubbed as one of the most privacy infringing pieces of legislation ever to have hit the Capitol, what exactly is CISPA, and how does it affect you? Read More
And despite numerous amendments and changes, there are no requirements that personal data, such as health records or banking information, should be anonymized before sharing it with the government.
It's hoped that the data can be used in real time to stop cyberattacks in their tracks, or even trace back to the source of the attack. Because cyberattacks nowadays as weapons in the virtual battlefield could lead to all-out war.
The Bill will also amend the National Security Act to allow U.S. intelligence services to hand over classified information to entities and people that do not have security clearance. The idea is that this will be used in order to help companies fight back against and prevent cyberattacks on their systems in the future.
A great deal of controversy has stirred around this Bill. Having amendments passed in a veil of secrecy did not help matters, either.
To make things even more complicated, a new amendment, voted down by lawmakers on Wednesday in the U.S. House , would have allowed U.S. companies to keep their privacy policies intact and their promises valid, including terms of service, legally enforceable in the future.
It means that the many who signed up to such services under terms that promised their data would not be shared with anyone — unless a subpoena or court order was served — would no longer have such rights going forward.
Though it would have weakened CISPA's overall weight, now it gives additional legal immunity to companies sharing their customer data. Rep. Jared Polis (D-CO), in speaking to ZDNet's sister site CNET, said that such firms are "completely exonerated from any risk of liability."
Hello Fourth Amendment, goodbye Fourth Amendment
The key provision of CISPA is that it allows government entities to acquire your data without a warrant, should a private company holding your data hand it over.
The Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution states:
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
"Upon probable cause." That means the U.S. government has to seek out data based on evidence and intelligence. But while the U.S. government and its law enforcement agencies, intelligence services, and more than 600 agencies that can use your data cannot force a company to hand over data, it doesn't mean your data is safe.
The Fourth Amendment does not protect private companies from accessing and data mining your information for its own gain. It only protects against the U.S. government unlawfully accessing your data without a search warrant.
Read this White House threatens to veto new CISPA Bill ahead of vote The Obama administration has issued another stark warning to the US House currently preparing to vote on a regurgitated cybersecurity Bill. If it passes the president's desk, he's not going to sign it. Read More
CISPA bridges a gap between the private firms that can access your data for nefarious purposes — they would likely never do this — to the U.S. government.
U.S. firms voluntarily handing data along the one-way street to the U.S. government effectively means the Fourth Amendment doesn't have to apply; it's not snooping if it was handed to the government under "cybersecurity" grounds.
By this point, the U.S. government can do just about anything it likes with your data once it's in its hands, in spite of the Fourth Amendment and notwithstanding lacking a search warrant. The kicker is that this is allowed as long as it's lawful and pertains to "cybersecurity purposes," rather than "national security" purposes. But because the language in CISPA is so ill defined, it could be used for many more reasons than were initially considered.
According to privacy and civil liberties group the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), even though the data was passed to the government for reasons pertaining only to "cybersecurity," it can then be used to investigate other crime, not limited to cybersecurity crime, such as the "criminal exploitation of minor, protecting individuals from death or serious physical injury, or protecting the national security of the United States."
But it all flows through the U.S. Department of Justice, first and foremost, which can then be disseminated throughout government and its agencies, onto the FBI, the National Security Agency (NSA), Immigration and Customs, and so on. Even the U.S. Department of Agriculture can take on your data and use it against you, should you be fishing without a license.
And because this is done behind the scenes and private companies do not have to tell you that they've handed your data to the government, you may never know about it. And private firms are exempt from Freedom of Information (FOI) requests, with such provisions disallowed under CISPA.
The EFF said on its site:
As it stands, CISPA is dangerously vague, and should not allow for any expansion of government powers through a series of poorly worded definitions. If the drafters intend to give new powers to the government's already extensive capacity to examine your private information, they should propose clear and specific language so we can have a real debate.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has called CISPA "fatally flawed."
"The core problem is that CISPA allows too much sensitive information to be shared with too many people in the first place, including the National Security Agency," the privacy group said. In a statement today, it went further, calling the Bill "extreme."
CISPA is an extreme proposal that allows companies that hold our very sensitive information to share it with any company or government entity they choose, even directly with military agencies like the NSA, without first stripping out personally identifiable information.
What next?
Exactly how this goes forward in the Senate remains unclear.
Many civil liberties campaigners are hoping for similar action based on last year's events, when the upper house chamber shelved the Bill as it sought to develop its own cybersecurity legislation.
CISPA will likely face yet another roadblock when it reaches President Obama's desk. This week, the White House threw its weight behind a threat that would see CISPA vetoed by President Obama should it pass through Congress unimpeded.
It repeats a similar sentiment by the Obama administration last year, when CISPA reached as far as passing the House but failed in the upper Senate chamber.
In a letter, the White House said: "The administration still seeks additional improvements, and if the Bill, as currently crafted, were presented to the president, his senior advisors would recommend that he veto the Bill."
I'm not afraid of the black man runningHe's got it right, he's got a better life comingI don't care what the captain saidI fold it right at the top of my headI lost my sight and the state packs inI follow my heart and it leads me right to JacksonOh, Keller, oh, oh, ohShe gave us a medal, she gave us a mapOh, Canner Row, oh, oh, ohIf seeing is right, then look where you're atI'm not afraid of Nichol's ParkI ride the train and I ride it after darkI'm not afraid to get it rightI turn around and I give it one more tryI said things that I meant to sayThe bandstand chairs and the Dewey Day paradeI go out to the golden ageThe spirit is right and the spirit doesn't changeOh, Keller, oh, oh, ohShe gave us mirror, she gave us a mapOh, Canner Row, oh, oh, ohIf seeing is right then look where you're atAndrew Jackson, all I'm askingShow us the wheel and give us the wineWoohoo! woohoo!Raise the banner, jackson hammerEveryone goes to the capitol lineWoohoo! woohoo!Colored preacher, nice to meet you!The spirit is here and the spirit is fine!Woohoo! woohoo!Education, ask the nationYou gave us our sight and the hearing is fineWoohoo! woohoo!Andrew Jackson, all I'm askingGive us the wheel and give us the wine
Better be well-prepared for the first dissection.
Photo by Comstock/Thinkstock
This question originally appeared on Quora.
Answer by Laszlo B. Tamas, neurosurgeon:
My medical school was McGill in Montreal. We had nice, modern medical science and administrative buildings, but the anatomy lab was in a dark and ancient Victorian building with tunnels and hidden, unexpected places. This set a great scene for our first anatomy dissection.
We came slightly early for the session and watched the diener (a word I had never come across before, meaning an attendant responsible for corpses and dissections) deliver the bodies. He seemed like someone out of a horror movie from the black-and-white era. I wondered what kind of courage it must have taken to learn from dissection in the early days when corpses were taken from fresh grave sites in the middle of the night and carted across the mountain. Lucky we weren't superstitious … or were we? We were all wondering what would come next, since the set seemed complete for some kind of Frankenstein movie.
We were assigned the body of a grizzled old man and given instructions and help with the sequence of dissection. Somehow, I was able to detach myself from the human aspect of the scene as we opened up the chest, then the abdomen, and onward.
I figured that I had the advantage of growing up in pretty remote countryside, where I had cleaned lots of wild game as preparation for food. But more powerful than that was a sense of great curiosity, tinged with a sacredness that others mention. What a privilege to be able to explore things we had only read about and imagined up to then. Maybe this was when my interest in surgery began, though I had no conscious awareness of it.
As the weeks went by, we began to know our cadaver better. Most teams gave their corpses names. (I think ours was “Fred.”) We could see signs of his smoking (in his lungs and on his fingers), a cirrhotic liver, wasting of his limbs (was he malnourished from disease or poverty?). There was a tattoo on one forearm alluding to his service with a Canadian regiment in the Korean War. We began to wonder about what a tragic life Fred must have had.
I have to admit that the more I understood Fred as a human being—the more his story was unfolding before my eyes—the harder it became for me to maintain detachment during dissection. I began to believe that a tragedy—possibly even an injustice—had taken place to Fred. A great sorrow came over me.
It was not a sorrow from seeing a naked corpse in the starkest possible way. It was a sadness felt when this corpse became a series of stories that, when put together, represented a human life.
Fred was probably homeless. He must have spent many a cold night sitting near heat vents in the cold Montreal winters, since he had signs of both frostbite and first-degree burns on his body.
Probably no one cared enough about Fred to listen to his stories, to tell his tale. All that was left was the scattered and disjointed clues on his corpse—fragments of a life that we were probably the last ones to know. Anyway, it had a pretty big impact on me at the time.
We all become corpses. We can only hope that there will be someone who loves us enough to tell our stories at least one more time.
…
Answer by Michelle Sandberg, pediatrician:
It has been a long time since my first day of anatomy, but I have vivid memories. The first day of dissecting a human cadaver is an experience that most physicians never forget.
I remember forming a lab group with three close friends, which was a good idea—having people I felt comfortable with and could share my feelings with was important to me. I remember the four of us quietly thanking the woman whose body we were about to dissect for donating her body to science. I will never forget that quiet moment of contemplation and gratitude. I was happy to be with people who had respect for the body; I had heard of other people who experienced anatomy lab with lab partners who were ungrateful and did not treat the cadaver with appropriate respect. One of my lab partners was so overwhelmed by that first day dissecting a human cadaver that he went home and wrote a poem about it that he shared with us the next day.
My emotions that day were fear, awe, and excitement. It seemed like such a privilege to be a first-year medical student and actually dissect a real human body. I felt like a grown-up, like I was embarking on the world of medicine in a salient way for the first time. I remember thinking that this was a big milestone and I should take the time to remember the experience and the day. It was scary and exciting.
The first cut was frightening. Actually taking a knife and cutting into a human body is intimidating for the first time. The whole first day was a bit scary, as I recall. I worried about making the wrong cut and ruining the dissection for me and my lab partners and being unable to visualize our day's assignment. Even though it was a cadaver and I knew there was no pain involved, there was a part of me that worried about inflicting pain. After a few days, it became less intimidating and more instinctive. I no longer felt afraid, no longer worried irrationally about causing pain, and I was able to focus and use the cadaver to learn human anatomy.
And feelings of gratitude stand out in my memory. I believe donating your body to science is a noble act, and I was in awe of the woman on the table who had performed this altruistic act. I had feelings of camaraderie with my lab partners and classmates embarking on this stage of our training together.
More questions on medical school:
A Hamilton County mother says her daughter's attacking her with a knife could have been a result of the fictional horror character Slender Man.
Advertisement Hamilton Co. mom: Daughter's knife attack influenced by Slender Man Mother says her daughter dressed up for attack Share Shares Copy Link Copy
A Hamilton County mother says her daughter's attacking her with a knife could have been a result of the fictional horror character Slender Man.The mother, who asked not to be identified, spoke only to WLWT News 5's Karin Johnson Friday.Watch this story“She had her hood up and had her hands covered with her sleeves and the mask,” the mother said.She said her 13-year-old daughter was obsessed with the fictional character Slender Man.“She was someone else during that attack,” the mother said.Her daughter allegedly attacked her with a knife in the kitchen of their home.The daughter is in the Hamilton County Juvenile Detention Center.The mother said her daughter has mental health issues but that she never imagined anything like this would happen.“I came home one night from work and she was in the kitchen waiting for me and she was wearing a mask, a white mask,” she said.The mother said her daughter's writings and drawings have always been dark. They referenced demons, being insane and falling into darkness. “(She) mentioned playing a role. (I) got the feeling she was playing a role. It didn't feel like her at all,” the mother said.The mother said that after hearing about the two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls allegedly stabbing their friend to please Slender Man, she thinks her daughter was under the same influence.“We found things that she had written and she made reference to Slender Man. She also made references to killing,” the mother said. “She even created a world for Slender Man in the game mine craft.”Slender Man stories often feature him stalking or traumatizing people.“We do have to police what they do and what they read,” the mother said.The girl is facing charges as a juvenile. Her family has not allowed to discuss the case with her but her mother said she told other people that she does not remember the attack.Her mother was treated for minor injuries in the attack, including cuts on her neck and face and a puncture wound on her back.
Ricky Gervais will once again portray David Brent, the painfully awkward middle-manager from The Office, in a full-length movie set to enter production next year. Life on the Road catches up with Brent 15 years after the conclusion of the BBC2 show that launched Gervais to global stardom and inspired a successful American adaptation. "He's a sales rep now, selling cleaning products up and down the country, but has never really give up on his dream of being a rock star," BBC Films announced today in a press release.
There are many similarities between the hard-to-watch David Brent persona and Michael Scott on NBC's version of The Office, though the US character never really shared Brent's affinity for rock and roll. But apparently "Free Love Freeway" wasn't enough to make David Brent a rock god; the movie follows him along on a self-financed tour that sees Brent digging into his pension to keep performances going. It will be shot in a mockumentary style similar to The Office, with Brent initially under the impression he's the subject of a flattering, big-budget rock documentary. In fact, it's more of a "Where are they now?" production, which should lead to some comedic gold and have audiences feeling sorry for the guy all over again.
The character has made a few appearances since The Office wrapped up with its two-part Christmas special in 2003, including brief guest spots on the NBC show and a series of Learn Guitar with David Brent videos published on YouTube. It hasn't yet been announced whether Life on the Road will actually get a theatrical release or if it's being produced solely for television.
Lending support to the idea that high-calorie diets, sedentariness and other aspects of the contemporary American lifestyle may be driving the obesity epidemic, UC San Francisco researchers have found that people who carry greater genetic risk for obesity were more likely to have a higher body mass index if they were born later in the 20th century.
The study, published Tuesday, July 5 in JAMA, looked at 7,482 white and 1,306 black participants in the U.S. nationwide Health and Retirement Study who were born between 1900 and 1958. Researchers calculated a genetic risk score for each participant, based on whether they had any of 29 genetic variants that are associated with obesity, and looked to see how this score compared with their BMI.
The number of variants each person had done not increase in the population over time, while their effects on people did, pointing to environmental influences. The average effect of the genetic variants that the researchers measured was small, for example accounting for only about 1 percent of the variation in BMI among whites and about 1.4 percent for blacks.
The analysis found that average BMI increased over time for everyone in the study, even those with quite low genetic risk for obesity. But people with high genetic risk were affected the most.
“The influence of genetic factors depends on the environment in which we live, and these results show that our environment has changed so that genes that in the past that had little or no effect on body weight now increase risk of obesity,” said Maria Glymour, ScD, associate professor of epidemiology and biostatistics at UC San Francisco and the study's senior author. “We think this is because the genes that we know are associated with obesity simply have larger effects in obesogenic environments,” she said.
Glymour said most previous studies have focused on just one aspect of the environment when looking at how it could enhance a person's genetic predisposition to obesity. Her group used birth cohort instead as an umbrella marker for the many factors that could be promoting the obesity epidemic, which began in the late 1970s.
Glymour said researchers were surprised to discover the overall pattern was similar for blacks and whites, because most of the research identifying genes linked to obesity has been conducted in whites. Despite this, the genetic score that predicts BMI in whites also predicted it in blacks. And blacks who were born more recently experienced greater effects than those born earlier in the century.
Other authors include Stefan Walter, PhD, of UCSF, Ivan Mejia-Guevara, PhD, and Sze Y. Liu, PhD, of Harvard University, and Karol Estrada, PhD, of the Broad Institute.
UC San Francisco (UCSF) is a leading university dedicated to promoting health worldwide through advanced biomedical research, graduate-level education in the life sciences and health professions, and excellence in patient care. It includes top-ranked graduate schools of dentistry, medicine, nursing and pharmacy; a graduate division with nationally renowned programs in basic, biomedical, translational and population sciences; and a preeminent biomedical research enterprise. It also includes UCSF Health, which comprises top-ranked hospitals, UCSF Medical Center and UCSF Benioff Children's Hospitals in San Francisco and Oakland – and other partner and affiliated hospitals and healthcare providers throughout the Bay Area.
Bathroom Activism
Follow @laurabeeston
Gender Neutral Bathroom Project “On Hold” Photo by Riley Sparks
Gender Neutral Bathroom Project “On Hold”
Two weeks after 12 single-stall restrooms in the EV building were “gender neutralized” by an anonymous guerrilla sign maker, the Concordia administration stated that the project to create dedicated gender-neutral bathrooms on campus is currently “on hold.”
Two weeks after 12 single-stall restrooms in the EV building were “gender neutralized” by an anonymous guerrilla sign maker, the Concordia administration stated that the project to create dedicated gender-neutral bathrooms on campus is currently “on hold.”
Chris Mota, Concordia's director of media relations, told The Link that “though creating a free standing, actually-named gender neutral bathroom is a possibility, it is not a possibility right now. We need to look into that further.”
Last November, the project for a gender-neutral bathroom in the Hall building was sidetracked when maintenance workers discovered asbestos in the bathroom's proposed site. The clean up cost is $27,000.
Mota explained that, in the meantime, there are approximately 80 washrooms scattered around both campuses that are not gender-specific and available for use by anyone.
“[These bathrooms], simply tagged as ‘washrooms,' [don't] have the female or male gender icons on it,” she said. “That's addressing the issue on this point on a reasonable basis for the time being.”
The gender-neutralized signs, which were put up before the Thanksgiving weekend and are still standing, were something the administration “had never even heard of” before The Link inquired about the state of the project. Similarly, the CSU's current executive hadn't heard about it either.
The bathrooms were originally proposed by the CSU and given the green light by university administration in 2008.
“I encourage students to bring issues like these to the monthly town hall meetings. I had no idea until I read the article [in The Link],” said CSU President Heather Lucas. She also discussed the possibility of implementing gender-neutral bathrooms at the newly opened Hive “as a start.”
“I applaud the person who [put up the signs]. It's a brave thing to do and it gets people's attention. You need to get the administration's attention one way or another. I know how long the bureaucracy can take,” she said, adding the CSU would ideally have gender-neutral bathrooms in the student centre as well.
In the meantime, Lucas hopes to meet with the 2110 Centre for Gender Advocacy and Queer Concordia in the near future.
“I'd just like to know where these so-called 80 spaces are around school,” said the sign maker—who spoke to The Link on the condition of continued anonymity. The misunderstanding is that there needs to be a creation of space instead of an alteration of the space that already exists. “That's what these signs show. It's a very simple concept: we don't need a $27,000 bathroom, we just need a sign on the door that says, ‘this is a neutral space!'”
An incident at Reggie's bar during a Queer Concordia event on Oct. 22 also drove home the need for neutral territory, added the sign maker. After a transgendered individual tried to access the bathroom, they were reportedly intimidated by a group of Reggie's customers.
“So this person was told to ‘stay out,' had to hold it for about three hours and was terrified to go in the bathroom. […] This is the perfect example of how common transphobia is on this campus.”
Bathroom altercations are a reality for many gender-variant individuals. According to a study conducted in 2002 by the National Coalition of Anti-Violence Programs, over 50 per cent of trans people have been harassed or assaulted in public bathrooms.
The continual wait to establish a place for trans people on campus to use the bathroom in peace is “indicative of a lot of trans issues that get lost in the fray,” said the sign maker. “Why is the project on hold again? It takes a little initiative, but all it should cost is a sign on a door.”
This article originally appeared in The Link Volume 31, Issue 11, published October 26, 2010.
By commenting on this page you agree to the terms of our Comments Policy.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
by Amanda Froelich at trueactivist.com
Teenage hacktivists uncovered an astonishing web of unpublicized interactions which link ISIS social media accounts to the British government.
According to a group of four young computer experts who call themselves VandaSec, a number of Islamic State supporters' social media accounts are being run from internet addresses linked to theDepartment of Work and Pensions.
Mirror reports that Vandasec unearthed evidence which indicates that at least three ISIS-supporting accounts can be traced back to the DWP's London offices.
Though you may not be aware of it, every computer or mobile phone you use logs onto the internet using an IP address. This address is a type of identification number which can track an individuals' location and whereabouts.
Vandasec traced the IP addresses used by a trio of separate digital jihadis to access Twitter accounts and conduct online recruitment and propaganda campaigns. Shortly after, they relayed the crucial findings to Mirror Online.
At first, the IP addresses seem to be based in Saudi Arabia, but upon further inspect using specialist tools, they were linked back to the Department of Work and Pensions in Britain.
Said one of the hackers:
“Don't you think that's strange? We traced these accounts back to London, the home of the British intelligence services.”
The findings have spurred rumors that someone inside the DWP is running ISIS-supporting accounts. Of course, there is the possibility that the DWP is using the accounts as a way to trap wannabe jihadis.
Mirror Online traced the IP addresses obtained by the teenage hackers and found they pointed to a series of unpublicized transactions between Which is whytraced the IP addresses obtained by the teenage hackers and found they pointed to a series of unpublicized transactions between Britain and Saudi Arabia.
It was discovered that the British government sold a large number of IP addresses to two Saudi Arabian firms earlier this year. Once the sale was complete, the addresses were then used by extremists to spread their message of hate.
The DWP denied owning the IP addresses. However, expert Jamie Turner, from a firm called PCA Predict, also discovered a record of the sale of IP addresses and found a large number were transferred to Saudi Arabia in October of 2015. According to him, the IP addresses could still be traced back to the DWP because records of the addresses had not yet been fully updated.
The damning evidence finally spurred the Cabinet Office to admit to selling the IP addresses on to Saudi Telecom and the Saudi-based Mobile Telecommunications Company earlier this year. Apparently, such was done as part of a wider drive to “get rid of a large number of the DWP's IP addresses.”
Once the addresses are sold, says the British Government, they have no control over how the addresses are used.
“The government owns millions of unused IP addresses which we are selling to get a good return for hardworking taxpayers,” said a Cabinet Office spokesperson. “We have sold a number of these addresses to telecoms companies both in the UK and internationally to allow their customers to connect to the internet. We think carefully about which companies we sell addresses to, but how their customers use this internet connection is beyond our control.”
There is no report on how much the government made on the sales of the IP addresses, as the information is considered to be commercially sensitive.
If you're feeling much is askew, you're not alone. There's plenty of evidence suggesting the terrorist organization ISIS and the ‘extremists' who back it is not who they seem. Just read here, here, and here for more information on that.
What are your thoughts? Comment below and please share this news!
This article (VandeSec Traces ISIS Twitter Accounts Back To Internet Addresses And Unearths A Surprising Source…) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under aCreative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
A Westwood woman learned there's a limit to how much free speech you can exercise at the gym, after Planet Fitness yanked her membership for yakking on a cell phone while working out.
Tina Santoro Asmar said she got the boot after answering an unexpected call from her doctor's office while training on the elliptical at the Planet Fitness in Dedham on Thursday.
That violated a rule restricting cell phone use to the lobby, but the 49-year-old owner of Santoro's Sicilian Trattoria in Dedham claims the gym's general manager violated the chain's “no gymtimidation” mantra with his “bizarrely angry” crackdown.
“He was enraged,” Asmar said, adding she didn't want to leave the workout area because her iPad was plugged into the elliptical machine. “I said I'd be off in a minute. He said, ‘I said now.' His demeanor was very threatening. I said, ‘Oh, please, please step away from me,' and he continued to say, ‘No, I need you to hang up that phone now or I'm going to cancel your membership.' ”
But club co-owner Brian Kablik, a franchisee with eight Planet Fitness locations, said a regional manager witnessed the incident, and it was Asmar who was belligerent.
“This is a member that's had repeated issues and incidents with cell phone use,” Kablik said. “I can assure you that our manager would not be treating a member poorly. Her reaction, when she was approached in a professional way, was extremely unprofessional and rude and dismissive.”
Planet Fitness — a New Hampshire-based chain known for its “judgment-free zone” and “no lunk” policy against members grunting while lifting weights — has about 10 “no cell phone” signs posted throughout each of its 620 clubs to ensure a comfortable environment for members, Kablik said. The policy is aimed at preventing members from being interrupted by loud phone conversations, and it also eliminates concerns about video recording or photographs of people in their exercise outfits.
New York attorney Lori Pines, author of “The Little Book of Gym Etiquette: A Handbook for Dealing with Annoying People at the Gym,” said she sides with Planet Fitness. While no one should be treated rudely, cell phone calls in the middle of gyms are problematic, she said.
“I sympathize with the gym here … especially since she's been warned before, and it's a posted rule,” Pines said. “She couldn't have been in a dire medical emergency, because she was in the middle of working out.”
Asmar said she understands that cell phone use can be annoying in certain situations, but she felt mistreated by Planet Fitness.
“I'm not asking for my money back or anything, just an apology,” she said.
Eugene Cernan/NASA
Once again, NASA's human space-flight programme is looking for a destination. It happened in the early 1970s, after US astronauts had left the Moon for the last time; then in the 1990s, after the collapse of a costly vision of sending astronauts to Mars; and again in 2010, when US President Barack Obama abandoned a plan to return humans to the Moon because he did not consider it ambitious enough. He suggested visiting a near-Earth asteroid instead, but a report released on 5 December by the National Academies says that this plan, too, has misfired.
“There is no broad acceptance of the asteroid as the next principal destination for space flight, despite the fact that the president has indeed said so several times,” says Albert Carnesale, chairman of the committee behind the report and a former chancellor of the University of California, Los Angeles. For its part, NASA — whether through inertia or out of practicality — seems unwilling to shift the focus of its human space-flight efforts away from the Moon.
Part of the tug of war over destinations is political. The administration's choice of an asteroid is a volte-face from the ‘Moon-first' doctrine espoused during the presidency of George W. Bush. By many accounts, Obama had not garnered much support for the new policy before springing it on NASA and Congress nearly three years ago. NASA's administrator, Charles Bolden, has been left to negotiate the rocky ground between a suspicious Congress and an administration that has largely neglected the space agency. Some say that Bolden — who was not the administration's first choice when he was appointed in 2009 — may face replacement as Obama heads into his second term. “It's not a happy situation,” says a senior astrophysicist. “Names are being discussed.”
Politics aside, the asteroid proposal remains short on details and long on technical challenges, including the problem of which asteroid to visit. Few asteroids would be close enough in the mid-2020s for a crew to reach them within a year-long round trip, the longest that many experts think practical, and NASA has not yet made a serious effort to priori­tize possible targets. If the administration is serious about a rendezvous with an asteroid, Carnesale says, then “which asteroid do you have in mind, and when?”.
Even if one is selected, some scientists are worried about the hazards of approaching an object that may be no more than a loosely bound pile of rubble — that could also be spinning dangerously fast. And how would astronauts anchor themselves to the potentially friable surface without kicking up dust? asks Stephen Mackwell, director of the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston, Texas. “We have problems enough at the Moon with dust.”
Then there is the problem of just getting there. NASA is increasingly concerned about the radiation exposure and bone loss that astronauts might face during a long voyage outside Earth's protective magnetosphere. “You get a bad solar storm and you're toast,” says Mackwell.
Meanwhile, Carnesale notes that private companies and other nations are mobilizing to visit the Moon. And NASA itself has not written off the Moon either. On 28 November, William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for NASA's human-exploration division, presented plans to test the agency's next generation of heavy-lift rockets with trips to the vicinity of the Moon in 2017 and 2021. Although those missions could be seen as stepping stones to a later asteroid mission, many lunar scientists view the region as a destination in its own right (see ‘Moonstruck').
Moonstruck Joe Lazio/JPL-Caltech Some 60,000 kilometres beyond the far side of the Moon lies a spot known as ‘L2', a Lagrangian point at which gravitational forces are balanced, so that a spacecraft could sit there without expending much fuel. The next time US astronauts leave low Earth orbit, L2 might just be their next destination. On 28 November, William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for NASA's human-exploration division, told the NASA Advisory Council that a mission to L2 or another Lagrangian point could be an early test for NASA's planned crewed rockets. Such locations could serve as staging grounds for other missions, he says: “They're nice places to put cargo or samples from the Moon or Mars.” Gerstenmaier reckons that an uncrewed mission could get to L2 by 2017, to be followed by a crewed mission in 2021, but he is careful not to specify what activities the astronauts would pursue. David Kring wants those activities to include lunar science. Kring, a geologist at the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston, Texas, has for years been among the chorus of lunar scientists calling for a sample to be retrieved from the vast South Pole–Aitken basin, one of the largest impact craters in the Solar System (see Nature 453, 1160–1163; 2008). Getting a firm date for this far-side adventure would help to set the time for a barrage of asteroids that theorists believe pummelled the inner Solar System about 3.9 billion years ago. Although Kring does not expect funding for a human landing, he thinks that it could be possible for the 2021 mission to fly a small robotic lander carrying a rover capable of collecting samples for later retrieval. Astronauts circling overhead at the L2 point could tele-robotically operate the rover with a joystick — an activity that many think will be necessary practice for any future operations at Mars. “The lunar far side is terra incognita,” says Kring. “We've never been there.” Jack Burns, an astrophysicist at the University of Colorado at Boulder, wants to use the same rover to lay down a thin, foil-like antenna that would receive low-frequency radio waves from the distant Universe. He says that the lunar far side, shielded from Earth noise, is the ideal site for an array of such antennas, which could search for radio signals from the hydrogen atoms that formed soon after the Big Bang. The signals would be similar to the ubiquitous 21-centimetre emission that originates from hydrogen in the Milky Way, but shifted to much longer wavelengths by the expansion of the Universe. Burns would look for a change in the hydrogen signals that would mark the moment the first stars turned on, and indicate how quickly their ultraviolet light ionized the hydrogen that makes up the bulk of intergalactic space today. “We're reaching into territory that will be difficult, if not impossible, for James Webb,” he says, referring to NASA's 6.5-metre infrared space telescope, which is scheduled to launch in 2018. Stephen Mackwell, director of the Lunar and Planetary Institute, says that such ideas show how the Moon is still relevant for scientific inquiry. “I get ticked off when people say, ‘Been there, done that'.” Author information Author details Eric Hand Eric is Nature 's US news editor. He studied civil engineering at Princeton University, and later picked up master's degrees in geography and geophysics from the University of Cambridge and Stanford University. He joined Nature in 2007 as a reporter after writing for The Oregonian , the Arkansas Democ… Read more Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar
But Mark Sykes, president of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson, Arizona, and chair of NASA's Small Bodies Assessment Group, remains a big fan of asteroids. He notes that human explorers could search for resources such as water. Scientists could seek to understand the subtle pressure of light that causes asteroids to change their spin, and could retrieve samples for dating and chemical analysis that would offer a clearer picture of Solar System material than do meteorites, which, although they are pieces of asteroids, are altered during their fall through Earth's atmosphere.
But all this could be done more cheaply with a robotic mission, says Sykes. Without a sustained drive towards something bigger — such as a human presence on Mars — even Sykes isn't terribly excited. “You go to an asteroid, then what?” he says. “If it's all performance art, that's not much of a mission.”
Image caption Fabrice Muamba collapsed with a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup match in March
Footballer Fabrice Muamba - whose heart stopped for 78 minutes after he collapsed during a Premier League match - has received an honorary doctorate.
The Bolton Wanderers' player said he was "very humbled" to accept the award from the town's university.
The 24-year-old suffered a cardiac arrest during an FA Cup match against Tottenham Hotspur in March.
He said he had accepted the doctorate to celebrate the actions of medical staff who helped to save his life.
Muamba said: "I am very humbled to accept it (the award) on behalf of all the amazing men and women who combined to save my life, the paramedics and medical teams of Bolton Wanderers and Tottenham, ambulance personnel, and of course the consultants, doctors and nurses at The London Chest Hospital.
"My family and I owe them all so much."
'Getting stronger'
His partner Shauna was in attendance at the ceremony with their three-year-old son Joshua.
The footballer said he still did not know if he would be able to resume his professional career.
He said: "I'm getting stronger every day. I'm far away from being back on the football pitch.
"I really, really hope, by the grace of God, that I'll be back on the pitch but I'm just grateful to the university for this doctorate and I receive it on behalf of everybody who helped me to survive the cardiac arrest."
Muamba's family fled war in the Democratic Republic of Congo before seeking asylum in the UK.
Despite arriving in London aged 11 unable to speak English, he went on to achieve 10 GCSEs and three A-levels and joined Arsenal FC's youth academy in 2002 before moving to Birmingham and then Bolton in 2008.
University of Bolton Vice Chancellor Dr George Holmes said: "Fabrice is an exceptional young man in his own right and has received his honorary doctorate to celebrate and recognise the work of the teams who rushed to his aid."
Mr Muamba was given a tour of the university's Clinical Simulation Suite where students are trained to deal with cardiac arrest using computerised dummy patients.
An attempted robbery early Friday involving a Springfield homeowner who shot two intruders wasn't a random act, police said.
The homeowner had had an earlier disagreement with the two men before they allegedly broke into his home in the 1700 block of East Stuart Street about 2:20 a.m., according to police.
Detectives were still conducting interviews Friday afternoon, but criminal charges are expected to be filed against the two men who were shot, police said. Both were hospitalized in what authorities described as stable condition.
Police said they were still determining whether the homeowner had a valid Firearm Owner's Identification card. As of Friday afternoon, he had not been arrested because he was defending himself, police said.
Officers responding to a report of shots fired arrived at the home to find a 16-year-old with a gunshot wound to his torso, according to a news release.
While they were still on East Stuart, a report came in of a 35-year-old man who had shown up at Memorial Medical Center with a gunshot wound, also to his torso. Police determined that the second man had been involved in the same incident in which the teen was shot.
— Contact Jason Nevel: jason.nevel@sj-r.com, 788-1521, twitter.com/JasonNevelSJR.
A UK company called Jelly Products just unveiled the Loopwheel – a safe, beautiful bike wheel with a built-in suspension system that could revolutionize the compact bicycle industry. The Loopwheel is compatible with just about any small-frame bicycle and has already busted through its Kickstarter goal – so it may be headed to a bike shop near you very soon.
Do you remember this amazing Soft Ride bike from Ron Arad? It used bent steel bands instead of tires in an attempt to insert suspension into the wheel instead of the frame. Unfortunately, that design was slightly (ok very) impractical for the real world. The Loopwheel sets a similar goal, although it may actually be rolled into commercial production soon.
Full-sized bikes offer a comfortable ride but are hard to shove into a trunk or bring onto a subway. For those looking to use bicycles for the “last mile” of a commute, this can be a problem. Compact bikes, including those that fold up into tiny packages, make is easy to bring your own wheels wherever you go, but often lack the features that make the ride a comfortable one, like full suspension systems. The Loopwheel aims to solve these vexing problems.
The Loopwheel is a patent-pending 20″ bicycle wheel with integral suspension. A spring system between the hub and the rim of the wheel cushions the rider from bumps and potholes in the road. Since the suspension system is located inside the wheel (instead of the frame), folding bikes could boast the same comfort level as a traditional spoked wheel bike, making them much more attractive to inexperienced bike commuters.
“The springs are made of carbon composite material, carefully developed and tested to give optimum compression and lateral stability as well as strength and durability,” explains creator Sam Pearce. “I've designed connectors to attach the springs to the hub and rim, and these are aluminium extrusions. There are three springs in each wheel, which work together as a self-correcting system. The spring configuration allows for the torque to be transferred smoothly between the hub and the rim. ”
As mentioned previously, the project has already busted through its $62,000 goal, but there are still 13 days to make a pledge and get your hands on one of the first Loopwheels to roll off the line!
+Loopwheels on Kickstarter
Via HiConsumption
Department of Transportation Secretary Arthur Tugade
The Transportation Department said on Friday it is mulling over the conversion of the Light Rail Transit (LRT) Line 2 into a bus rapid transit system similar to those of Hong Kong and Shanghai in China. “I'm thinking of converting the LRT-2 into a BRT system wherein we will remove the rails. It's not new, I copied it to Hong Kong and Shanghai. If you put the right buses, if you do the right technology, there can even be more and it's cheaper,” Transport Secretary Arthur Tugade told reporters.Tugade said the headway for BRT was shorter than the average 4.5 minutes for LRT. “It's not yet final. We are seriously studying it,” Tugade said, adding the LRT Line 2 was now 14 years old. The existing LRT2 is a 13.8-kilometer mass transit line, which runs across five cities in Metro Manila, namely Pasig, Marikina, Quezon City, San Juan and Manila. It passes the major thoroughfares of Marcos Highway, Aurora Boulevard, Ramon Magsaysay Boulevard, Legarda Street and Recto Avenue. The LRT2 was built at a cost of P31 billion in soft loans funded mainly by the Japan Bank for International Cooperation. The previous government had awarded a P2.27-billon contract to construct the extension of the existing LRT 2 to Masinag in Antipolo. The LRT 2 east extension project involves adding 4.2 kilometers to the railway from the existing Santolan station at Marcos Highway, Pasig City, all the way to the intersection of Marcos and Sumulong highways in Masinag, Antipolo.The Aquino administration also planned to exit the LRT Line 2 to Pier 4 in Manila from Recto. The project will have a total length of 3.02 kilometers and add three stations, including Tutuban (located next to the Cluster Mall); Divisoria (west of Recto Avenue and Asuncion Street intersection) and Pier 4 (located 50 meters north of Zaragoza Street). Earlier, the government awarded the detailed engineering, design and construction supervision contract for the 23-kilometer Cebu BRT system to Kunhwa Engineering & Consulting Co. Ltd. The project will entail building segregated BRT bus-ways from Bulacao to Ayala, with a link to the South Road Property, a feeder service between Ayala and Talamban with signal priority, 33 stations to service 330,000 people per day in 2015, 176 buses, an area stop light control for the entire Cebu City and a central transport control room. Once completed, the project can field 433,000 individual trips per day, resulting in savings of 25 minutes of travel time and P7.50 in fares. Compared with a rail service, a BRT would cost 5 to 10 percent lower and take less time of two years to construct. The Transportation Department will implement the project, which is scheduled to start commercial operations by 2018.
Traffic in Buckhead can be hellacious, as commuters jockey for space on limited surface roads leading to Ga. Highway 400—and basically everywhere else.
Now, the Georgia Department of Transportation and the Buckhead CID are attempting to alleviate pressure at one of the worst pinch points: a stretch of Piedmont Road between Peachtree and Lenox roads that serves as a gateway to (usually congested) Ga. Highway 400.
According to an RFQ released by the BCID, the half-mile stretch of street will be widened, with an additional one lane in each direction, and a dedicated center turn lane. The move will accommodate a third lane dedicated to moving traffic from Ga. Highway 400 and Lenox Road to Piedmont and out to Peachtree.
At peak, the stretch of road handles nearly 1,700 cars per hour; with the widening, that number could increase to more than 2,100 cars. With plans for developments to bring new density along the road in coming years, the project seems imperative to meet demand.
Despite the project's limited scope, documents indicate the widening will cost nearly $25 million and take 18 months to complete.
OTTAWA—An outraged Canadian legal community is marshalling criticism of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, writing an open letter to him and seeking outside international help to reaffirm the independence of Canada's top jurist. More than 650 lawyers and law teachers from across Canada released an open letter Tuesday calling on Harper to withdraw his criticism of Supreme Court of Canada Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin.
The statue Ivstitia (Justice), guards the entrance of the Supreme Court of Canada as the Peace tower is seen in the background in Ottawa. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
· Justice Minister MacKay escalates criticism of Chief Justice In apparent expectation that the government will not back down, a second letter from seven top Canadian legal academics asks the International Commission of Jurists in Geneva to investigate what they call the Conservative government's “unfounded criticisms levelled at the Chief Justice.” · Harper should not impugn integrity of Chief Justice: Editorial
Article Continued Below
“We fear that the unprecedented statements of the prime minister and minister of justice and attorney general, which question the integrity and judgment of the chief justice of Canada, may seriously undermine judicial independence in Canada,” says the letter to Geneva. · Harper lashes out at Chief Justice Harper and Justice Minister Peter MacKay — following a string of legislative and policy defeats at the Supreme Court — suggested nearly two weeks ago that McLachlin acted inappropriately by calling to flag a potential legal issue in the elevation of a Federal Court judge to a Quebec seat on the top court. Harper and MacKay intimated that McLachlin's call amounted to lobbying on a case before the court, forcing McLachlin's office to publicly clarify that she called during a consultation period last July, two months before Federal Court of Appeal Judge Marc Nadon was named. Harper and MacKay have refused to back down in the face of a storm of criticism that erupted ever since. They have also not moved to appoint a new judicial candidate for the Quebec vacancy on the court.
Tuesday's letters are the latest salvo in a battle that saw public calls last week by 11 former presidents of the Canadian Bar Association and by the Council of Canadian Law Deans for Harper to withdraw his suggestion. The first open letter lists 35 pages of signatures by members of the Canadian legal profession and legal academy and says: “We . . . deplore the unprecedented and baseless insinuation by the Prime Minister of Canada that the Chief Justice engaged in improper conduct.”
Article Continued Below
It continues: “Public criticism of the chief justice impugns the integrity of Canada's entire judiciary and undermines the independence of Canada's courts. “An independent judiciary is vital to the health of any democracy and a foundational tenet of Canada's constitutional order and the rule of law. Impugning the integrity of the judiciary, including through public and personal criticism of the chief justice, represents an attempt to subvert that judicial independence.” The second letter says the actions of the Conservative government that “question the integrity and judgment of the chief justice of Canada, may seriously undermine judicial independence in Canada.” And it says the discussion between McLachlin and MacKay “involved a possible new appointment to the Supreme Court of Canada, a topic well within guidelines for appropriate conversations between prime ministers and chief justices.” In reply to the letters Tuesday, the prime minister's spokesman, Jason MacDonald, responded by email to the Star that: “The prime minister's position on the issue is well known and there is nothing to add to your story.” MacKay's spokesperson, Paloma Aguilar, echoed that same statement, referring to “comments both the prime minister and minister MacKay have made on this issue in question period. These comments stand and I have nothing further to add.” Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau accused Harper Tuesday of “picking fights with the chief justice and his disrespect of the procedures in place has left us with an incomplete court to deal with some very serious issues.” But he suggested the search to fill the vacancy need not start anew. “I am hoping that of the names that were already vetted, they will find someone that they can name in short order because that's the most urgent element.”
Read more about:
The highly anticipated 2013 season left Blue Jays fans with very little to cheer about. With the team finishing last in their division, it questioned the true benefits of the $41 million payroll increase that Rogers pumped in last season. Bringing in the likes of R.A. Dickey, Mark Buehrle, and Jose Reyes had many fans believing that last year's lineup could finally be the one to make the playoffs. However, the team will need more than a one-year jump in payroll to make it past the regular season.
While team performance suffered, the 2013 season was wildly successful from a revenue standpoint. Attendance was up 20%, and Sportsnet set records with 1.4 million viewers tuned in on the Jays' Opening Night Broadcast. The buzz surrounding an all-star lineup gained fan support, but much of this was in the expectation of a post-season qualification. In order to avoid loss of interest, Rogers will need to continue to put their money behind the team, demonstrating a commitment to building the franchise.
Historical trends show that teams experiencing ten or more years without a playoff qualification needed to consistently spend 5% more on payroll than the league average over several years to break their dry spell. Over the past twelve years, Rogers has been unwilling to provide the Jays with this kind of financial backing, varying support wildly year-to-year. Last season's jump in payroll will need to be followed by a consistent budget increase of at least 7.65% annually over the next five years.
Regular Payrolls vs. Playoff Payrolls
Of the three Jays' owners from the past twenty years, Rogers has provided the greatest variance in payroll. Since buying the team in 2000, annual salaries have experienced a standard deviation of $20.2 million, which is $7 million more than the league average for the same time period. From 2010-2012, the franchise owners not only spent less than MLB playoff teams, but also came in over $20 million short of the league average.
The two instances of notable financial support can be seen in the 2001-2002 stretch and during the 2008 season. Both investments had little effect on profitability and team performance. Attendance remained materially stagnant and the Jays did not make a competitive run at the playoffs, finishing second at best with this only occurring once over the past thirteen years.
Winning Games Isn't Enough
As demonstrated above, attendance at Jays' games shows little to no correlation with the percentage of regular season wins. Without qualifying for the playoffs, winning regular season games is unlikely to have a direct effect on increasing attendance. Success is based predominantly on two factors: notoriety of individual players and making the playoffs. While the Jays have already brought in an all-star lineup, focus should turn to the second factor of making it past the regular season.
Breaking the Playoff Drought
Over the past twelve years, MLB teams that broke a ten-year dry spell experienced notable upside in home-game attendance in the year following the qualifying season. While the average MLB team experienced a 4% increase in attendance following a playoff qualification, this number grew to 11.5% for teams that had not seen the playoffs for ten or more years.
The eleven teams that managed to break their dry spell spent around 5% more than the league average in the five years leading up to the qualification. From 2008 to 2013, the average year-over-year increase in payroll for all MLB teams was 2.65%. Assuming payrolls continue along this trend, Rogers is faced with an annual salary increase of 7.65% if they want to increase the likelihood of post-season action. This means a salary increase of $9 million for the 2014 season, and a total investment of $52 million through to 2018.
The Playoff Payoff
In the event that the Jays succeed in making the playoffs, the attendance increase of 11.5% would be expected to bring in around 292,000 more fans to the Rogers Centre. This is based on the 2013 figure, under the assumption that the boost in attendance brought on by an all-star roster will be maintained in the coming years, with players under contract for two to five years. By calculating the revenue generated by this increase through the fan cost index compiled by Team Marketing Report, this represents a one-year increase in revenue of $18.6 million following a playoff qualification ($254.21 spent by a 4-person group in 2013); this calculation includes attendee revenue from tickets, beer, soft drinks, hot dogs, parking, programs, and low-end ball-caps.
According to Bloomberg's MLB Franchise Valuation, the revenue generated from ticket sales, concessions, and parking is estimated to represent only 28% of the Jays' total revenue stream. This means that if the related franchise revenue, such as sponsorship and media rights, increases in tandem with attendance and concession revenue, a ball-parked payoff for the Jays making it to the post-season is $66.4 million in one year. This provides a bullet return of 27.7% on the total $52 million invested in payroll over five years. This figure is conservative considering it does not include the value of increased viewership of the Jays content through Rogers' owned Sportsnet, providing an additional incentive for Rogers to pursue this venture. Furthermore, this calculation runs under the assumption that Rogers will only be able to cash-in on a single playoff qualification, when a sustained investment in a top-tier team could have the potential to bring success over multiple seasons.
More Bang for Your Buck
At first glance, the $41 million spent in 2013 on increasing the Jays' payroll was successful in putting the Jays franchise on the right track. Attendance increased by 437,000, generating an estimated revenue from ticket and concession sales of $28 million. Assuming that media revenue and sponsorships followed a similar trend, the 2013 season generated a return on payroll investment of 142%.
However, the team will not be able to increase next year's attendance on last year's all-star hype. The next strategy has to be the playoffs. On an average game day in 2013, the Rogers Centre still only filled 64% of the seats, falling on the low-end of capacity utilization. There is still plenty of room for growth, but Rogers will have to implement a longer-term salary pool increase for the Jays to deliver in the rankings.
All or Nothing
While the upside of investing in the Jays could produce a comfortable return, risk lies in the ‘all-or-nothing' nature of this venture. Wins alone will not drive a 27.7% return, and the outcome of division rankings is still highly unpredictable with many external and unforeseen circumstances in effect. However, Rogers would be much better off to commit to a long-term strategy in payroll investment, as the short bursts of funding have yielded little return in team standing. Rogers is advised to be more consistent in funding the Jays, supporting a long-term payroll strategy.
The Premier League club has already launched its own internal investigation into Barton's behaviour with manager Mark Hughes determined to wash his hands on the troublesome midfielder.
Barton has received the most severe sanction for an on-field incident in England since Eric Cantona's kung-fu kick on a Crystal Palace fan in 1995.
The suspension, which relates to his sending off against Manchester City, on May 13, and subsequent reaction, means that Barton is not available again for QPR until November.
He will now be excluded from the club's 25-man Premier League squad for next season if QPR cannot, as appears likely, sell him in the summer. The club is exploring every avenue with the hope that it might actually be possible to sack Barton for breach of contract or gross misconduct. He will be fined heavily.
If he does not leave in the summer window they QPR will make every effort for Barton to be sold in January. The club would like to reach a mutual agreement for his £80,000-a-week contract, which has three years to run, to be cancelled but this may prove impossible.
Barton received an automatic four-match ban for the initial elbow on Carlos Tévez that led to his sending-off. That punishment was then increased on Wednesday by a further eight matches for two counts of violent conduct, firstly for kicking Sergio Agüero and then an attempted headbutt on Vincent Kompany.
The total 12-match suspension dwarfs recent eight game bans for Luis Suárez after he was found to have racially abused Patrice Evra, and Ben Thatcher for a forearm smash on Pedro Mendes.
Barton personally attended Tuesday's Wembley hearing with his lawyer Mel Stein and could still appeal the sanction. He had accepted the first count of violent conduct in relation to the Agüero kick but had denied the same charge for the Kompany incident.
A three-man independent regulatory commission, however, found that both charges were proved. “There are rules of conduct that should be adhered to, and such behaviour tarnishes the image of football in this country, particularly as this match was the pinnacle of the domestic
season and watched by millions around the globe,” said the chairman of the commission.
Gordon Taylor, the chief executive of the Professional Footballers' Association, said on Wednesday night that his organisation had been in contact with Barton since the incident against City but that he had not taken up the offer of help.
There has also been annoyance at QPR over Barton's subsequent Twitter reaction to the incident. He said that he did not think it was a sending-off and then claimed that, once he had been dismissed, one of his team-mates has suggested he “try to take 1 of theirs with me”.
Barton added: “Still not my proudest moment but who gives a f---, we are safe..........and that is all that matters. The head was never gone at any stage.”
Hughes had already decided before Barton's latest act of indiscipline that the midfielder was not part of his plans and should leave for the good of the club.
QPR will examine the legal situation and are weighing up their options but chairman Tony Fernandes and chief executive Phil Beard are aware of Hughes's thinking.
Hughes had wanted to take the armband from Barton during the season but eventually decided against it because he thought the 29 year-old would, potentially, be more disruptive. The events on Wednesday were the latest chapter in a long list of disciplinary incidents involving Barton.
In 2004, he was fined six weeks' wages for stubbing a lit cigar in the of youth team player Jamie Tandy during Manchester City's Christmas party.
In 2007, he was charged with assault and given a four-month suspended sentence after a training-ground fight with Ousmane Dabo. He was also jailed over a late night-incident in Liverpool city centre for which he received a six-month sentence after pleading guilty to common assault and affray.
He was transfer-listed by Newcastle last summer following a series of Twitter comments criticising the club. In addition to his 12-match ban, Barton was also fined £75,000 yon Wenesday for his behaviour in the Manchester City match.
“This eight-match suspension is to run consecutively to the four-game suspension Barton was already given for his dismissal in the fixture, making a total of 12 matches,” said an FA statement. As Barton had already been sent off, the two incidents that resulted in violent conduct charges fell outside the jurisdiction of the referee.
A charge of violent conduct generally results in a three-match ban but yesterday's commission ruled that the incidents involving Agüero and Kompany were sufficiently serious to warrant a combined eight-game sanction.
Barton's indiscipline could have cost QPR their place in the Premier League and, with the match 1-1 at the time of his sending-off, was surely a factor in Manchester City ultimately gaining the 3-2 victory they needed to beat Manchester United to the Premier League title.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Hitch-22: A Memoir. By Christopher Hitchens. Twelve; 435 pages; $26.99. Atlantic; £20. Buy from Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk
DOUBLE book-keeping is the theme of this memoir by Christopher Hitchens, which is at once sinuously written, evocative and frustrating. With a mixture of genuine charm and phoney self-deprecation, he plays both sides: sexually, socially and politically. The result is a racy and Falstaffian read. It tells the reader a lot about Oxford in the days of the student revolts, about raffish London in the 1970s, about the most horrid bits of the late cold-war era and about America's inexorable pull.
In the midst is Hitch: beloved friend of Martin Amis, James Fenton and Ian McEwan, formidable wordsmith, womaniser, drinker and smoker, a man to whom rules do not apply. He wriggles past constraints, starting with his family background, steeped in the austere rigour of the Royal Navy. At Oxford he mixes robust revolutionary socialism with an upmarket social life; his legendary fondness for female companionship (almost always requited) has a homosexual counterpoint. He is on the left, but not of it: too witty, too iconoclastic and too sceptical to fall for the dreary dogmas of mainstream Marxism. Hitch was a Trotskyite, the lushest and most exotic growth in the botanical gardens of British communism—and thus detested by more orthodox comrades. His disillusionment with that self-indulgent creed is the book's central thread.
Among the sharp vignettes is his first eye-opening trip across the Atlantic. Despite his loathing of President Nixon, he finds he cannot demonise America. In Cuba he spots the verbose and oppressive side of the Castro revolution. In Argentina, he dissects and skewers clerical fascism. For the sharp-penned and quick-witted in those days the globe was there for trotting. Mr Hitchens may be criticised for lack of depth; but nobody can fault him for not covering the distance.
The nostalgia is sometimes fetid. On his favourite high horse, Mr Hitchens might dismiss another writer's coy tales of long- ago gay flings at Oxford with future Conservative cabinet ministers as “kiss and hint” writing. The boozy Friday lunches in London with his clever friends, and their shared fondness for puerile, obscene word games, will leave most readers bored and mystified. Mr Hitchens admits that it was funnier at the time (and probably funnier still for those robbed of their critical faculties by copious amounts of alcohol).
But amid the dregs are shards of brilliant, piercing writing. The account of his uncovered Jewish ancestry (concealed by his lively, miserable mother, who killed herself in a hotel room in Athens, with her lover) is more than poignant. His willingness to go to the barricades to defend his friend Salman Rushdie after the fatwa in 1989, and his beloved America after September 11th 2001, is unaffected and appealing. Having lambasted bourgeois values such as freedom and tolerance, Hitch now (a bit late in the day, some might think) understands why they matter.
The ardour is not always matched by insight. In particular, the smoke of incinerated straw men obscures any serious discussion of religion (superstition practised by hypocrites, in his view). And for what is meant to be a no-holds-barred memoir, the author goes lightly on some of his failings. Broken ideals get plenty of self-satisfied scrutiny; broken hearts and marriages rate barely a mention. The impression left is of a writer frozen in a precocious teenagery, whose ability to tease and provoke the grown-ups is entertaining but ultimately tiresome. If Mr Hitchens can stay off the booze and do some serious thinking, his real autobiography, in 20 years' time or so, should be a corker.
Toronto mayor Rob Ford has admitted to smoking crack while in office. He's endured a stream of stories all year about his substance abuse and erratic behavior. The major Toronto papers have called on him to resign. Yet he remains surprisingly popular — and refuses to step down. Last week, his approval rating even appeared to rise to 44 percent.*
How is this possible? I talked to Dennis Pilon, a political scientist at York University in Toronto, who did his best to explain the ins and outs of local Canadian politics to me and offered up a whole bunch of insights on how political science can help explain Ford's electoral success.
Brad Plumer: Okay, to someone not well-versed in Canadian politics, explain how a mayor as scandal-ridden as Rob Ford became so popular.
Dennis Pilon: I think there are a couple of interesting trends here, some Toronto-specific, some more general. More broadly, we've seen politicians both in the United States and Canada push the boundaries of what is seen as acceptable behavior by politicians. In Washington, D.C.. you had Marion Barry come back onto the city council [after being imprisoned on drug charges]. In the mayor's race in New York City, for a time it looked like [Anthony Weiner] might come back from his problems — at least until even more sexting scandals emerged.
So this isn't entirely unique to Toronto. There are changing public mores that have influenced what's going on.
BP: That's fair. But what are the Toronto-specific factors that explain Ford's success?
DP: Specific to Toronto, what we see with Rob Ford is a kind of broader populist alienation that he's benefitted from. One thing that's important here is that in Canada, party politics isn't as strong on the local level — or at least party labels don't hold as strongly. In the United States, voters will recognize Democratic and Republican labels even at the local level, but in Canada that's less common.
So that muddies the water. We do find distinct differences in Canada between liberal and conservative voters. But in most elections, they often use parties as a kind of marker where they fall. At the local level, the lack of parties prevents voters from identifying cues that might make their voting more disciplined. So that makes elections more volatile.
And then voter turnout is often extremely low at the local level. So that means the electorate can change dramatically from election to election. And Ford benefitted from both of those trends.
BP: Wait, why are party labels so weak at the local level?
DP: In Canada cities tend to be the creatures of their provinces. They're very dependent on transfers from the provincial government. So there's a difficulty in extending party politics to the local level, because that can come into conflict with the provinces. There's actually a rule that parties aren't allowed to run on a local level in Toronto, although you still see this in other cities too.
Now don't get me wrong, there are definitely politics at the local level, some candidates are left-wing, some are right-wing. And the machines that turn out votes are often the same. And municipal politicians often graduate into specific parties. But the labels aren't usually there as a tool for mobilizing the public.
BP: That's all interesting from a political-science perspective. So how does this explain Rob Ford's rise?
DP: In Toronto, we had a situation where a left-of-center mayor [David Miller] who was elected with support from downtown Toronto [in 2002]. What's important here is that Toronto was forcibly amalgamated, the suburbs, which are right-of-center, were forcibly joined to the downtown area. So the election of that left-wing mayor was seen as a great victory for the city of Toronto.
But that mayor ran into a number of problems that really discouraged his base. A big one was the garbage strike. That had the effect of angering and mobilizing a lot of voters who might not have paid as much attention to politics before.
So you had Rob Ford riding this crest of populist anger against downtown urban elites. He also benefited from a number of other smaller actions — a lot of the other candidates dropped out [in the 2010 election]. And he has this particular group of supporters, who people like to call "Ford Nation." This is a group of voters who are mad as hell, and check off a lot of the same populist boxes you see in the U.S. — angry at taxes, frustrated with government regulations, who see city workers as overpaid, that kind of stuff. And he's tapped into that palpable anger.
The garbage strike probably woke a lot of people up to city politics. It was a double whammy. It left a bloc of centrist and left-wing voters discouraged and fired up a group of angry populists who were motivated to vote. And Rob Ford, who was on the city council and seen as a buffoon, suddenly rushed into the mayor's office. He didn't get a majority, but he got 47 percent of the vote.
BP: And are there ways he's been effective as mayor?
DP: He did manage to follow through on one of his big promises — he did privatize some of the garbage collection in the west side of the city, where his roots are. He was successful at that.
But on other things he hasn't been quite as successful. He always claimed there was this "gravy train" through City Hall. When he was on the council he refused to spend any of the budget that members get to fly around or pay for things. He'd famously put in a bill for $4 rather than claiming the money. But when he got into office, he started an investigation, and it came back saying that Toronto was run pretty well, there wasn't a lot of waste, so not much gravy.
Other than that, his tenure has been one damned thing after another. He's not a diplomatic fellow. There are many examples of gaffes. There's consistent bad behavior, drunken behavior.
BP: So how is this allowed to go on?
DP: One key aspect of this is that Toronto has a weak mayor system. The City Council can overrule the mayor on issues, and the mayor has no real power beyond one vote on the council. He does have a few other independent powers, but this is not the American model of the strong mayor.
If you had a strong mayoral system and the mayor wasn't functioning, everything would grind to a halt. But in Toronto, the Council can handle things. The bureaucracy can run the day-to-day operations. So the stakes are lower.
BP: Are there other aspects of Ford's tenure that have been interesting from a political science perspective?
DP: To me as a political scientist, it's been interesting to see how people have reacted to Rob Ford's ability to just keep bulldozing through various scandals. Other politicians might be embarrassed or even resign, but Ford has discovered that you can just keep pushing and no one can stop you.
Unless he's charged with criminal offense, he can't be removed from office. He knows this, and he's kept pushing through. And as a result, his approval numbers have gone even higher among Ford Nation.
Many aspects of that are telling. The profile of Ford Nation is a good indication of our political times. There are these alienated populist voters who are often just lashing out. They're typically not well-integrated into political system, not well integrated into their communities. They tend to not have as much money as median voter and aren't always as informed on the details of politics.
So one of the things they do is that they end up identifying with politicians personally. So part of Rob Ford's appeal is that he does make a lot of mistakes, he does speak improperly. And when his critics attack him, that just reinforces the support among alienated populists who also feel that they don't always speak properly, that they make mistakes.
In the U.S. there was a somewhat similar dynamic that was often attributed to George W. Bush. The more that the New York Times criticized him for misspeaking or whatnot, that bolstered his support. And, again, sometimes these dynamics are mitigated by party labels — people might say, oh I'm not a conservative, I can't support that candidate. But in the absence of party labels, people from all over the spectrum end up identifying with those candidates.
BP: Could he get reelected?
DP: A number of commentators say he could get reelected. I'm not as convinced. Ford Nation is an unreliable electorate. And his appeal is mainly with traditional right-of-center voters. But he's also not a very effective advocate of right-of-center policies and issues. Right now, when he takes issues to the City Council, many of them are failing, because the council doesn't want to be aligned with someone so unpredictable.
Interview has been lightly edited for length and clarity.
--------
* Note: Though, to be fair, that five-point rise last week could well just be a blip in polling. Here's a deeper analysis of Ford's poll numbers at ThreeHundredEight.com (the Canadian version of Nate Silver's election site).
I've just arrived back home from my second open mic, and I'm not in the best of moods. The gig went well – I got laughs, but I'm not happy with how I performed or how I conducted myself. Let me explain.
The open mic followed the “bringer” format, meaning that in order to perform for five minutes a comedian must bring at least one friend who stays for the length of the gig. And whilst I fundamentally disagree with this format (it is exploitative of the promoter to pin the marketing of the event on the comedian – but that's a subject for another post), I decided to keep my objections to myself and bring a friend. Except my friend pulled out at the last minute. Shit. So I had to take an inadvertent stand.
I turn up and am immediately unimpressed by the venue. It's the back room of a pub. The PA is set up incorrectly; the “spotlights” are two desk lamps on tables; and the only thing between the raucous sound of the regular pub goers and the room is a curtain. No problem, I figure. It'd be arrogant to expect anything better considering my lack of experience.
Ah, arrogance – an aspect of my personality I really do hope to one day overcome. No need to be nervous, I told myself. You killed it last time. You'll be even better here. Continue reading →
Richard Garriott joined us at PAX East 2016 for an impromptu discussion on the viability of virtual reality. The conversation started as small talk – "what do you think of VR?" – but evolved into an in-depth look at the challenges faced by the emergent technology. We rolled with it; you can find the video and some of the transcript below:
"VR is a fad" was the pull-quote which propagated through the internet when Warren Spector made the comment last year , reinforcing it at ECGC a few days ago . The veteran designer indicated a belief that virtual reality could generate "interest among hardcore gamers," but remained cautious to grant too much early praise given personal experience with earlier VR attempts. Spector's decades-long industry experience grants weight to the statement, and made us curious what some long-time colleagues of Spector's might believe. Richard Garriott is one of those – friend and former employer of Spector – and has previously spoken to us about a history of effectively inventing MMOs , new graphics techniques, and more .
"A Huge Enthusiast and also a Huge Skeptic"
The conversation started out with musings, Garriott recalling his company's (Origin Systems of Ultima fame) many attempts at working with VR efforts of the 80s and 90s.
"I actually think VR is one of the most [uses air-quotes] 'interesting' things happening. In fact, I would describe myself as one of the pinnacle VR enthusiasts, but I also appear to be one of the pinnacle VR skeptics. I go back: Even in the earliest days, like on the Apple II, people made some simple VR goggles that had a tiny view screen, had terrible lag – [they even made] even Data Gloves you could wear [...] every time one of those comes out, we get really excited about it. We'd convert whatever game we were working on at the time; we'd spend a couple of weeks making it work in VR just because we thought it'd be so cool. And as a demo, it was cool. Every time you'd play with it, you're going like, 'yeah, but the lag is just making me sick and the peripheral vision is just not there.' To think of actually playing a game that way, you're going 'it's not going to be a superior experience.' Every few years, somebody would make this run and we'd look at them and abandon it."
Garriott has been developing games since 1974, roughly, and has personally lived through the many VR attempts of the past (we've recapped a history of those). What's more, Garriott helmed one of the industry's largest and most influential companies, Origin Systems, through that early growth era of VR. The Origin team worked on System Shock, Ultima, and dozens of other games – like Wing Commander, a spawn of Star Citizen visionary Chris Roberts (who has expressed excitement for the natural fit of VR with a cockpit-oriented game).
Continuing the musings, Garriott spoke with us about the undeniable advancement of VR hardware.
"The Hardware is Way, Way Better. VR Hardware is Pretty Dang Good."
"Obviously, the latest run of VR has gotten an enormous amount of attention and investment and the hardware is way, way better. We now have VR hardware that is pretty dang good. Not only is it full visual area [indicates field of view], the tracking and response time is now very quick -- latency is low. I see demos now and I'm going, 'that is a really cool demo,' but I don't see many things where I'm like 'I would buy that game and ten more like it' – that I can see ten variations on the theme that will be interesting to explore different ways in which VR is being created. Or I go to different booths in VR and I watch them – this one demo might be to pick up something out of a bowl and set it on a table or a shelf, and I watch them struggling to do that. […] We're just not there."
"Some of these are fun -- I enjoy going booth-to-booth [for demos], but I haven't seen the killer app – not one, much less ten. And until there's ten killer apps, you're not going to sell $500-or-better hardware. To get the technical solution, you really need to be selling; the phones in cases are cool, and will be freely available, but [they don't] have the wide wrap-around view, don't let you see your hands in front of you, and so you really need to be buying multi-thousand dollar hardware to really solve the problem. And even with the problem solved, there's not yet the killer apps. So I remain a huge enthusiast and a huge skeptic, but I'm now at the point where I'm trying to build something. Not because I think I can solve the problem necessarily, but because somebody has to solve this problem – it's at least interesting enough to begin to toy with."
What About Non-Games – like Movies and "Experiences?"
Garriott continued, referencing filmmaker Chris Milk's "Clouds over Sidra" VR tour of refugee camps.
"Even if you skip games and you just go to more virtual reality experiences, movies, other things... there is a moviemaker who shot a VR sequence in a refugee camp, and in that film I thought he did a really great job of exploring some new cinematography techniques. What I mean by that is, in this little VR tour of this refugee camp, he had told everyone whose spaces he walked through [not to] ignore the camera, assume it's a person, and assume it's a person you'd like to have an engagement with."
"[Garriott describes a sequence in which a bicycle passes the viewer on one side, and a person waves on the other side] You obviously can't look both ways for any length of time, but you felt engaged in both ways. So that's interesting – but it was just interesting. There's a new cinematic technique that wouldn't be normal in a more normal film, but it's only one piece of cinematic language. It's a step. I still think that there's – whether it's movies or games – there's a lot to learn from the language."
What Would You Want to Do with VR?
The designer recalled an interaction from moments before our meeting, when a passerby asked how he'd approach VR "in an Ultima way."
"What I'd want to do is I'd be locked in a room and there's a sewer grate, and I'd want to get on my hands and knees and pop the grate off and crawl through a tunnel. VR hardware won't let me do that. Even the first thing that pops into my mind that I'd like to do if I were really there – it still won't do, and probably won't do any time soon. I'm still a little stumped as to what the first great VR experience will be."
"We're Still a Generation Early – at least."
Having just interviewed former Deus Ex designer Warren Spector at ECGC, we prompted Garriott with Spector's previous VR skepticism.
"I'm actually closer to Warren [in my position]. I am not convinced that the billions of dollars that have been poured into this generation of VR will be paid back in this generation of hardware and software development. The matrix will eventually be here – or maybe we're living in it now [laughs] – and eventually we will have sufficient technology to be indistinguishable from reality. At that point, we will be there – [VR] will happen. But I'm not convinced that we're as close as the billions of dollars of investment would imply. If this generation of VR doesn't work, it's not for lack of effort or money – there's a lot of that going into it."
"I've mentioned my 'intriguement' with [VR]. One of my intriguements is if you're wrong, you don't want to be left too far behind! It would suck to be the naysayer while it all happens. And, by the way, I've done that before. If you look at my prognostications for the future, I'd say my hit/miss ratio is about 50/50 at best! My first one – my greatest lesson in business – was [when] I wrote my first games on the Apple II. You might remember that the first IBM PC that came out wasn't a particularly great machine. [...] When I saw it come out, I was like, 'well anybody who knows this at all is clearly going to pick an Apple, and this PC thing is not gonna work.' I kept our development teams working purely on Apple II and we'd probably port to PC if it ever became relevant. But then the PC took off so fast – and Apple cratered so fast – that we realized we would have no games to sell. There would be no market into which to sell those games. We had to completely change our staff."
"You can't predict what the public's gonna do. You can have an opinion, but it's groupthink – and trying to predict groupthink is fraught with peril. If I had to make a stand, I'm with Warren. We're still a generation early, at least."
The tone overall was critical, enthusiastic, and well-grounded in the realities that VR seems inevitable but faces significant challenges. If you're interested in hearing more from Richard Garriott, we'll soon be posting additional interview content which discusses his team's upcoming Shroud of the Avatar game.
Editorial, Host: Steve "Lelldorianx" Burke
Video Production: Keegan "HornetSting" Gallick
By Jack Perry
Whatsupic -- It's tax time again in America, and a lot of Americans are getting a very unwelcome surprise. Now people are finding out what the penalties are for not enrolling in the dismal joke of a "national health care system" called Obamacare. Most nations in the world have discovered they can provide universal health care for their citizens, but somehow the so-called "greatest nation on Earth" is unable and unwilling to do so. Probably because we devote so much money to overpriced weapons systems and starting wars all over the planet and we don't want to divert any money away from killing people into saving people. Hilariously, the U.S. government regales us with endless accolades of what great democracies European NATO allies are.
Yet, they have universal health care for their citizens. One would imagine that if they are such exemplars of good governments, the U.S. could have just copied their health care system. Oh, but we can't do that! Universal health care is communism, we're told. Oh, really? You jokers just told us these European NATO allies are great democracies, but now they must be communist regimes since they have universal health care? Which is it, you clowns? This is typical of the United States government. "Look at what great democracies our European NATO allies are!" Oh, so how about we copy their health care system then? "Well, hold on a second now, that would be communism and also we can't afford it." Our European NATO allies must be part-time communist regimes, I guess.
Universal health care is government-provided health care that is available to all regardless of their income. It is not a private, corporation health insurance system that is predicated upon profit margins. Universal health care is about providing health care, not profits. That's the system several European nations have and the one Obama promised in his presidential campaign in 2008. He said the system of private health insurance was broken and unaffordable to the working poor. That is true because the private health insurance exists to provide profits like any other corporate business. They don't care if the poor can't afford it, they're in it to make profits. But later we heard from the Obama Administration that we can't have government-provided universal health care because we need to "work within the existing system". Why?! You said that system was broken, Obama! That "system" was the whole problem! And where was it written in stone that we have to "work within the existing system"?! You know, it was the British Crown that told us in the 1700s we needed to "work within the existing system" and we had a revolution over that. Now we're getting a worse deal from the government that replaced the Crown! No one was saying to abolish the existing health insurance system, what we wanted was an alternative to it that we could afford. If there was a universal health care system, the private health insurance companies would have to compete with that and watch how quickly their prices came down.
We've known since the 1870s in this country that if a group of corporations bands together and all agree to work together and keep prices high, they build what's called a "trust" that creates an economic stranglehold on the whole country. That's because there is no honest competition keeping prices stable; prices can only go up and will continue to do so. In addition, single corporations could buy out competitors and create monopolies and then raise prices because there is no competition where their monopoly is. That's what happened to the health insurance industry here. They basically formed a trust and all agreed to keep to a specific price bracket, and others bought out or merged with competitors and created regional monopolies. If the government really cared about the high costs of private health insurance, they could have actually used the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 to force those corporations to provide affordable health insurance by breaking up trusts and monopolies. That Act could have been used to nail the health insurance companies' keesters to the wall when they found out they're all working together to keep prices high by not actually competing with each other and others have formed actual monopolies. However, if the government created a universal health care system, that in and of itself would have forced all of them to compete with it and with each other since people would leave their rigged marketplace for the affordable universal health care. But as it is, Obama passed a law that forces us to buy into this rigged marketplace. That's what the government calls it, too: The health care marketplace. Obama claims these corporations have to "compete" in the Obamacare marketplace. How can that be when these are the SAME health insurance trusts and monopolies that existed before Obamacare?! It is made to look like they're competing when, in reality, they're not because they know people have to buy this insurance by law. In essence, it's the same dang "marketplace" of the 1880s run by trusts, monopolies, and robber barons. Except back then the government wasn't forcing you to patronize it. And punishing you if you didn't.
The government then claimed creating a universal health care system was unaffordable. Oh, but guess what? Lo and behold last week, the U.S. Air Force came out and said they need a new bomber that's going to cost around $380 BILLION DOLLARS. Now how come we can afford that but we can't afford universal health care? I'll tell you why. The U.S. government can always afford to kill people in other countries over vague political objectives and run up bills in the billions of dollars. But when it comes to providing health care to the poor, well, gosh, how on Earth can we afford that? The government admits most poor people cannot afford Obamacare so they have "hardship exemptions" to exempt oneself from it. That right there says Obamacare does not help those the whole health care debate was about in the first place. They made the exemption process so byzantine and complex, many people didn't know how to get the exemptions and, thus, will get dinged with a penalty on their taxes for not enrolling. Not to mention the government might say you can afford Obamacare even when you can't and deny the exemption.
Here's where the rubber meets the road. Suppose you have a married couple where one works and has employer-provided health insurance. Now, that's not free; it still has premiums paid monthly. Let's suppose the other is unemployed. The cost to add the unemployed spouse to the employed spouse's health insurance amounts to around $400 a month in some cases. Obviously, they can't afford that. Their tax penalty for the unemployed spouse not being enrolled in Obamacare is around $360. It can go as high as $1000 or more depending on the employed spouse's income. The rock-bottom lowest penalty is $95 for a single person, but all of the penalties will keep going up each year. They'll basically double each year. Now, here's the deal. If this was such a great system, you wouldn't need a system of punishments in place for not enrolling. In the "carrot-and-stick" adage, Obamacare is all stick and no carrot. The government knows Obamacare is awful and that's why they need to punish people for not enrolling.
Trying to get an exemption from this flawed system is difficult, at best. But why should one even need to get an exemption from being forced to purchase a product they do not want? If they wanted it, they'd buy it on its positive merits. If they don't see any positive merits, then it isn't worth it to them. It isn't a good deal. The solution is not to punish them. The solution is to sharpen your pencil and make it better. The government might think $150 per month for a health insurance plan under Obamacare is a good deal. Yeah, well, these imbeciles aren't in the working class poor, either. We're lucky if we have $10.50 after the rent, to say nothing of $150 bucks. Hey, we don't want to be forced to buy this insurance from the SAME system you said was broken, Obama! Remember that? Remember, that's how you got elected. What Obama promised was universal health care like they've got in most European countries. That's how he got elected. What he ended up delivering was the health insurance version of an organized crime protection racket. Pay now or pay later but, either way, you're going to pay.
Again, if this system was so great, you wouldn't need punishments in place to force people into compliance. That's no different than passing a law that says everyone has to buy timeshares in a vacation resort and if they don't want to, you'll punish them financially. Now, someone might say, "But why wouldn't everyone want those timeshares?" Because they're at a resort located next to a sewage treatment plant! That's the reason people are not enrolling in Obamacare! It is a flawed system and probably built on government corruption between the Obama Administration and the healthcare corporations. Shoot, if this was a country the U.S. hates doing this, that'd be the first thing the U.S. government said. "Look, they're not free over there! Their government forces them to buy health insurance or they get punished! Their government is corrupt!" Yeah, if it was Iran or Russia doing this, we'd never hear the end of it from the U.S. government.
Now, recently, the Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the U.S. government uses "tricks and deceptions" to accomplish what it wants. I keep remembering him saying this because he said the crystal-clear truth about the U.S. government right there. Obama used the tricks and deceptions of promising universal health care to get himself elected as president. What he delivered was basically just a law that said you have to buy health insurance or be punished. Oh, but the government helps with the cost, right? Even with that, it's still unaffordable for most of the working poor---the very people universal health care would have covered! So people can allegedly get a hardship exemption if they qualify as too poor to afford Obamacare, the plan that was supposed to help them. See how that works? Obama used tricks and deceptions to get the poor to believe he was going to help them and, in the end, basically hosed them. Threatening people as the method to force them to buy into your "plan" and then calling it a success is something dictatorships do. Except even several dictatorships in the world today provide universal health care for their citizens.
So, here we are in America at tax time seeing once again the tricks and deceptions of this government we've got. They call this freedom, but how is this freedom when the government can order you to buy expensive health insurance and then confiscate your money if you do not do so? And the U.S. government sees fit to lecture Bashar al-Assad in Syria about freedom?! And that's another thing. The government keeps telling us over here what a threat Iran, Russia, and Syria are but not once have they threatened me. It's my own government here that threatens me if I don't buy into their system.
I mentioned monopolies in this article and, of course, this brings to mind the "Monopoly" board game. What a lot of people don't know is that game was not invented to provide fun to the kiddies. It was designed as an educational tool to demonstrate the evils of monopolies that dominate a marketplace and the ruthlessness of them. You could come out with an Obamacare board game now. And just like the Monopoly board game has a "Chance" card that forces you to pay a "poor tax", the Obamacare board game could have the same card that taxes the poor for being poor. But we can call it the "Obamacare Penalty Card".
On September 27, the much-anticipated SBS drama “While You Were Sleeping” premiered.
After watching the first episode, male lead Lee Jong Suk posted five photos of him and a dog with the caption, “It's so fun..even to me..trust me and watch it. Starting next week, it gets real. Even Jung Hae In officially appears. Ah, he's so handsome.”
SBS's newest Wednesday-Thursday drama “While You Were Sleeping” started off successfully with favorable viewership ratings for its premiere. Actors Lee Jong Suk and Suzy lead the drama which incorporates comedy, action, thriller, and romance into its plot. The main actors were able to breathe life into the drama through funny, comedic scenes but also displayed conflicting emotions during more serious scenes when memories they didn't want to remember were conjured up.
Watch the first episode of “While You Were Sleeping” exclusively on Rakuten Viki!
Source (1)
There is nothing extraordinary about the subject matter in Jayson Angove's songs, most of which stem from his everyday experiences. What is extraordinary is his ability to write songs that are complex yet accessible and intimate yet universal. From the gentle pluck of fingers dancing on steel acoustic guitar strings to full on Rock and everything in-between Humble Wolf aspires to defy generalization. On the first album titled 'Paper Thin' to be released on Unboxed Records Angove succeeds in doing just that. From the soaring Indie Synth-Pop title track to the impatient intensity in songs like 'No Envy' you'll go from zero to sixty in just a few tracks coming down only on occasion for comfort and reflection in songs like 'Make It Through The Night' or 'Life Is A River'.
STANFORD, Calif. -- Inside a lab on the Stanford University campus here, students experienced what it might feel like to be a cow.
They donned a virtual reality helmet and walked on hands and feet while in a virtual mirror they saw themselves as bovine. As the animal was jabbed with an electrical prod, a lab worker poked a volunteer's side with a sticklike device. The ground shook to simulate the prod's vibrations. The cow at the end was led toward a slaughterhouse.
Participants then recorded what they ate for the next week. The study sought to uncover whether temporarily "becoming" a cow prompted reduced meat consumption.
The motivation wasn't to make people vegetarians, said Jeremy Bailenson, director of Stanford's Virtual Human Interaction Lab. But the project hoped to uncover whether virtual reality could alter behaviors that tax the environment and contribute to climate change.
"If somebody becomes an animal, do they gain empathy for that animal and think about its plight?" Bailenson asked. "In this case, empathy toward the animal also coincides with an environmental benefit, which is that [not eating] animals consumes less energy."
It's one of several environment-related experiments Bailenson is conducting in the lab, all tailored toward revealing whether there are new ways to encourage environmental preservation. Volunteers also have virtually chopped down a tree, a study aimed at examining attitudes toward paper use. Others took a virtual reality shower while eating lumps of coal -- literally consuming it -- to gain insight into how much was needed to heat the water.
Virtual reality, along with computer games and other kinds of technology, is being used to approach environmental issues from new angles. The National Science Foundation awarded a $748,000 grant to Stanford and Harvard University to run four experiments. Meanwhile, in Vancouver, British Columbia, that city, smaller townships and professors from the University of British Columbia are running sustainability-related experiments that use visualization techniques.
The work is important because many people have difficulty grasping climate change facts, said Tim Herron, who manages the Decision Theatre lab at the University of British Columbia.
"It's just a much more compelling way of getting people to understand the effects of their behavior now on the future," Herron said. "It's about visualizing the data for people. Once people can see it, it's amazing how much it changes things. People begin to really understand the necessity to make some changes now to prevent this sort of things."
Studies have long-term impact
Virtual reality experiences can alter behavior, Bailenson said. The tree experiment in particular, he said, has stuck with those who went through the experience.
The research came out of a news article Bailenson read that said if people did not use recycled toilet paper, over the course of their lives they would each use up two virgin trees.
In the subsequent experiment Bailenson ran, students stood in the virtual reality version of a forest where they heard wind rustling and birds chirping as they flew past. The participants held a device meant to represent a chain saw, and felt resistance as they passed it back and forth through a tall tree.
The wood cracked, then crashed to the ground with a thunderous boom. The forest fell silent, birds no longer singing.
Before the student left the lab, a woman there knocked over a glass of water on a desk and asked the participant to help her clean it up. The people who had gone through virtual reality used 20 percent less paper than those who had watched a video of a tree being cut down, Bailenson said.
Bailenson said he gets emails months after that experiment from people telling him they can't walk down the toilet paper aisle of a store without thinking about the falling tree.
The results of the cow experiment aren't yet finalized, so Bailenson doesn't know whether people ate less meat in the days afterward. But the comments from the study participants show they did empathize with the cows, he said. Stanford does not release names of the volunteers but provided some of their answers to questions presented after the experiment.
"Once I got used to it I began to feel like I was the cow," one person wrote. "I truly felt like I was going to the slaughter house towards the end and I felt sad that I (as a cow) was going to die. That last prod felt really sad."
Funding obstacles for climate research
Bailenson hopes to move more into the climate change arena, though so far he hasn't won funding for that effort. He's applied for grants with the National Science Foundation, but none has been successful.
In an interview, he answered cautiously when asked whether the subject is too politically dicey. He said that at NSF, "there's variance among reviewers as to the scientific details of global warming."
"Even among scientists who are fairly certain that global warming is real, which is most scientists, what the exact effects are going to be depended on the model of what's going on with warming," he added. "There's a lot more variance in what people think the outcome to warming is going to be."
Debbie Wing, a spokeswoman at NSF, said she could not comment on research proposals that hadn't been funded. But she said all requests "go through a gold standard, merit-based, peer-reviewed evaluation for selection."
Bailenson has secured some money to teach about ocean acidification. The cause of that -- the seas absorbing excess carbon dioxide -- essentially has the same culprit as climate change, he said.
He envisions developing a virtual reality experience in which a person would perform common activities in his or her home, all the while generating black balloons that represent carbon dioxide emissions. Those balloons would then ride up into the atmosphere and subsequently fall to the ocean. Once in the water, the molecules would prompt a change in the waters' pH.
He said he could potentially have the person become a fish trying to find food that's vanished, or an organism on a reef struggling to finding calcium for shell. The initial results of the cow study, showing that people do empathize with the animal, indicate that the same model could be useful in other experiments, he said.
Playing video games to visualize climate change
In Vancouver, computer games are being used to illustrate the effects of global warming.
High school students from the suburb of Delta go to the Decision Theatre to play a game where they make decisions about land development and power use. "It's like 'SimCity' with climate change overtones," the Decision Theatre's Herron said, referring to the series of city-building computer games.
Students can opt for choices that mitigate the effects of climate change, like putting housing next to transit, while "if you make other choices, you end up with waterfront property" because of flooding, he said.
Delta is funding the experiment as it faces major choices about adaptation. Sea-level rise likely will override existing dikes in the region, Herron said.
The idea is to talk to students and their families about picking options that can benefit people and "not try to sell it as we have to give up" everything, Herron said. If it's presented as all sacrifice, he said, people won't buy into it until forced to and it's too late to limit warming.
At Harvard, the effort focuses on negotiation.
Participants sit in front of a computer screen and take on the role of a park ranger or a golf course owner while discussing uses for a pond and surrounding land. In one version, they then swap roles and debate from the other side.
Those who fill both personas "compromise more and form better relationships" than those playing just one role, said Hunter Gehlbach, associate professor of education at Harvard. The experiment measured negotiation by giving volunteers a pretend commission that increased if they brought the other person closer to their side and decreased for concessions.
The tests are important, Gehlbach said, because it's one thing to know the correct scientific approaches to an environmental problem but another for disparate sides to agree on a solution.
"We know an awful lot about global warming, and yet there are a lot of personal and emotional, nonscientific barriers to getting better policies out there," Gehlbach said. "That's where I think the social science comes into play."
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah told U.S. President Barack Obama that his country would prop up Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak if the United States withdrew its aid program, The Times said on Thursday.
Abdullah told Obama not to humiliate Mubarak, who is under pressure from protesters to quit immediately, in a telephone call on January 29, the newspaper said, citing a senior source in Riyadh.
U.S. President Barack Obama shaking hands with Saudi King Abdullah at a bilateral meeting in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on June 3, 2009. AP
Obama's administration has wavered between support for Egypt in Washington's conflict with militant Islam and backing for Egyptians who have been protesting for weeks to demand Mubarak and his government quit.
The United States has long nurtured its alliance with key ally Egypt, giving billions of dollars in aid as it seeks to influence affairs in a region whose autocratic rulers are struggling to contain social discontent.
The United States has stopped short of endorsing calls for Mubarak, 82, to leave office immediately. He said last week he would step down in September when an election is due.
On January 28, the White House said the United States would review $1.5 billion in aid to Egypt. Officials later said no such review was planned currently.
“Hotel Transylvania 2” easily topped the weekend box office, sinking its teeth into an impressive $47.5 million, and providing a big win for star Adam Sandler and Sony Pictures, the studio behind the animated franchise.
Both had endured rough patches at ticket booths of late. Sandler, once among the most consistently commercial leading men in Hollywood, has suffered a series of flops like “Blended,” “That's My Boy” and “Jack and Jill” that have inspired questions about his bankability. And Sony, which had its inner workings laid bare in last year's hack attack by North Korea, was subjected to a summer that saw films like “Aloha” and Sandler's video game comedy “Pixels” rejected by audiences. It has been on the upswing in recent weeks, fielding modest hits like “War Room” and “The Perfect Guy,” but this is the studio's biggest opening since “22 Jump Street” debuted to $57 million in June of 2014.
It also sets a new September record, passing the previous “Hotel Transylvania's” $42.5 million launch in 2012. The $80 million production got off to a brisk start overseas, outpacing the first film's results in parts of Latin America.
Related ‘Hotel Transylvania 2'
“It's on its way to being one of the most beloved franchises of all time,” said Rory Bruer, Sony Pictures president of worldwide distribution.
“There are a lot of stories left to tell,” he added, saying he hoped there would be a third installment. “Adam and the filmmakers have created an unforgettable animated world that plays to audiences everywhere.”
Domestically, it was a competitive weekend at the multiplexes. In addition to “Hotel Transylvania 2,” Universal expanded “Everest” from over 500 Imax and premium format screens to 3,006 locations, where the high altitude disaster film picked up $13.1 million. That figure is something of a disappointment given the A CinemaScore the film earned in limited release and the solid $7.2 million it generated in its inaugural weekend. Still, the studio insisted it was pleased with the results of the first two weekends.
“You have to look at it as a cumulative gross,” said Nick Carpou, Universal's distribution chief. “Both weekends are connected.”
Overseas, “Everest” is performing better, earning $73.7 million from more than 60 territories.
With “Everest” appealing to men and “Hotel Transylvania 2” roping in families, Warner Bros. made a pitch to female ticket buyers with “The Intern.” The Nancy Meyers workplace comedy brought in a solid $18.2 million for a second place finish. Filmed for $40 million, it stars Robert De Niro and Anne Hathaway. That opening puts it in line with previous Meyers releases such as “Something's Gotta Give” ($16.1 million debut) and “The Holiday” ($12.8 million start), both of which showed impressive endurance. The director's latest effort is just as likely to inspire real estate envy in the heavily female audience that turned out to see the impossibly chic world of “The Intern.”
“Nancy Meyers really is a brand onto herself,” said Jeff Goldstein, Warner Bros. distribution executive vice president. “It's not just the stories that attract people. It's the lifestyle, it's the sets, it's the clothes.”
That left Eli Roth's “Green Inferno” as the weekend's only other wide release. The low budget horror film earned $3.5 million from 1,540 locations. The picture about a young woman who has a nasty encounter with Peruvian cannibals is part of a novel distribution experiment from Jason Blum. The horror producer's company Blumhouse limited the number of locations where the picture screened and leaned heavily on digital marketing to keep costs low. The hope was to find a middle ground between straight to on-demand releases and wide, 3,000 screen debuts, but the model may need more tweaking. The company had hoped the film would debut to between $4 million and $5 million. It will try a similar experiment with two more upcoming releases, including “Delirium,” a supernatural thriller with Topher Grace and Patricia Clarkson. A third film has yet to be determined.
Last weekend's champ, “Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials,” slid to third place in its sophomore weekend, notching $14 million, and bringing the Fox film's domestic total to $51.7 million. Among holdovers, Johnny Depp's “Black Mass” fell less than 50% in its second weekend, adding $11.5 million to push the Warner Bros. film's stateside haul to $42.6 million.
Lionsgate's “Sicario” continued to impress in its second week in theaters. A week after scoring the biggest per-screen average of the year, the drug war thriller moved from six to 59 theaters, cracking the box office top ten with $680,591. It goes wide next weekend.
Bleecker Street's “Pawn Sacrifice,” a look at troubled chess great Bobby Fischer (Tobey Maguire), broadened its theatrical footprint from 33 to 781 locations, earning $1.1 million in the process. It has made $1.3 million after two weeks.
In the art house realm, Broad Green bowed housing crisis drama “99 Homes” in two New York theaters, where it earned $32,807, for a per-screen average of $16,403.
The onslaught of new and expanding releases bolstered overall ticket sales. Receipts were up nearly 30% from the year-ago period when “The Equalizer” and the first “Maze Runner” topped box office charts.
“This is the perfect September weekend,” said Paul Dergarabedian, senior media analyst at Rentrak. “We're bridging the gap between summer and the fall movie season and audiences seem to be responding to the variety of very different entertainment.”
Russia designs reusable spacecraft good for as many as five missions
by Staff Writers
Moscow (UPI) May 22, 2013
A Russian company designing a new spacecraft for the country's space program says the craft will be reusable and able to make as many as five flights.
Energia Rocket and Space Corp. said the spacecraft's technical design has been finalized but is yet to be officially approved, RIA Novosti reported Wednesday.
The new reusable craft is to replace the Soyuz capsule and will have modification to allow it to perform a number of missions, Energia deputy general designer Alexander Chernyavsky said. They include flights to near-Earth and moon orbits, missions to maintain and repair other spacecraft, and for collecting space debris, he said.
A prototype is set to be rolled out in August while flight tests are due to begin in 2017, Energia said.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Pentagon is restructuring a $3.48 billion contract with Boeing Co for management of the troubled U.S. homeland missile defense program, said two sources familiar with the situation.
The Boeing logo is seen at their headquarters in Chicago, April 24, 2013. REUTERS/Jim Young
The system, which faces a critical test on Sunday, has failed to hit a dummy missile in five of eight tests since the Bush administration rushed to deploy the system in 2004 to counter growing threats by North Korea. It has not hit a target since 2008.
Another miss could put the brakes on plans by the U.S. Missile Defense Agency (MDA) to spend billions of dollars to improve the Boeing-led Ground-based Midcourse Defense system (GMD), and add 14 more interceptors to the 30 already in the ground in Alaska and California.
U.S. defense officials, lawmakers and outside experts agree the GMD program - projected to cost $41 billion - must be changed, even if Sunday's test succeeds.
Under discussion is additional funding for maintaining interceptors and improving their reliability, more testing of components and the entire system, and upgrades to improve the system's ability to tell actual missiles from decoys. There will also be different fee structures to provide Boeing with incentives for improvements in quality rather than cost-cutting.
Officials at Boeing, the Pentagon and MDA declined comment on the contractual changes under discussion.
The program, long a political football for U.S. lawmakers, remains the only U.S. defense against long-range missiles that could carry chemical, biological or nuclear warheads.
Supporters say the system is making progress under Navy Vice Admiral James Syring, who took over in November 2012 from Army Lieutenant General Patrick O'Reilly.
But the multiple test failures and a harsh review by an independent group commissioned last year by MDA have spurred a drive to restructure a seven-year Boeing contract that began in 2011, and the initial contract it has held since 2001, according to sources briefed on the review. The aim is beef up the system's quality and reliability.
That review has not been released, even to Congress, and details are being closely held.
‘A LOT OF BAD ENGINEEERING'
Led by former military officials, the review blasted MDA's move away from a rigorous “systems engineering” approach and more frequent testing that would have boosted reliability and quality, and could have helped avert last July's test failure, according to the sources familiar with the situation.
Pentagon acquisition chief Frank Kendall in February said “a lot of bad engineering” was found while investigating the July test failure and two previous ones in 2010.
The Senate Armed Services Committee in its fiscal 2015 budget added $30 million in funding for reliability and maintenance improvements to the GMD program, saying it was aware that the independent review had revealed deficits in that area. Congress will finalize the budget plans later this year.
One source familiar with the program said he was “shocked” to see the lack of attention to reliability, risk management and ensuring precise production practices. He said the contract with Boeing was structured poorly, providing the company with greater fees for cutting costs than improving quality and reliability.
Riki Ellison, who heads the non-profit Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, said GMD's problems were due to “misguided” decisions around 2009 to scale back testing, reduce funding and cancel work on a new kill vehicle, the part of the system that hits an enemy missile. The moves were part of the Obama administration's early efforts to reduce tensions with Russia and focus more on regional defense, he said.
One senior U.S. official said Pentagon leaders are confident that Syring is taking the steps needed to put the program on track, and put appropriate incentives in place for Boeing.
KILL VEHICLE
The defense and aerospace company, which had already earned over $18 billion on the GMD program since 2001, beat out a combined Lockheed Martin Corp and Raytheon Co team to continue managing the program when MDA opened the program to competition in 2011. Boeing is teamed up with Northrop Grumman Corp on the new contract.
The company is hoping to resume deliveries of replacement interceptors, which were halted by MDA after a test failure in July 2013. That failure occurred when a Raytheon kill vehicle failed to separate from the third stage of the rocket and thus missed its target.
Syring last week told a Senate hearing that MDA had identified the cause of that failure, and would fix all 30 interceptors before year end. Deliveries would resume if the test succeeded, he said. He said Boeing's incentive fees had been docked after the test failures, but gave no details.
Another test failure would likely put a hold on 14 additional interceptors the Pentagon plans to order, putting $1.05 billion in potential orders on the line for Boeing.
Federal Communications Commission chairman Tom Wheeler is getting blunt about why we don't have net neutrality rules yet: "The big dogs are going to sue regardless of what comes out," he said today, according to Reuters. Internet providers are pretty staunchly against the type of heavy regulations that net neutrality advocates want to see, and it's expected that they'll oppose any light regulations too, simply because it would restrict them from doing various things with their businesses, like giving certain websites and apps preferential treatment. The commission has reason to fear a lawsuit, too. The reason that we don't have net neutrality rules right now is because Verizon sued over the last set of rules and won in court earlier this year.
"We need to make sure that we have sustainable rules."
"We need to make sure that we have sustainable rules," Wheeler reportedly said, "and that starts with making sure that we have addressed the multiplicity of issues that come along and are likely to be raised."
Wheeler has been saying much of the same thing for a few weeks now. After President Obama came out in favor of using Title II — a stricter form of regulation — to protect net neutrality, Wheeler responded by saying that it raised "substantive legal questions." As such, he said, the commission needs more time to determine what the right approach is so that its ultimate decision "can withstand any legal challenges it may face." While that's a similar statement to what Wheeler is saying today, it's far more polite. Wheeler is now making it clear that the commission is operating on the assumption that one internet provider or another is going to sue, so it had better get it right. Now net neutrality advocates just have to hope that getting it right doesn't also mean making sacrifices to appease big business. The new rules should arrive next year.
Update: LIFX Mini products that were affected by KRACK have been patched as of fw release 3.40 (April 11, 2018), and later versions of firmware.
LIFX A19 and BR30 products that were affected by KRACK have been patched as of fw release 2.75 (April 19, 2018) and later versions of firmware.
We are aware of the Krack (CERT: VU#228519) vulnerability and we can confirm that our lights are affected.
Recommendation for lights: Due to the complexity of this type of vulnerability and physical proximity requirements (within range of Wi-Fi access) our users are at a low risk of being targeted. If you feel you may be a more likely target, turn off your Wi-Fi router and use your lights via the hardwired light switch until firmware updates are available.
Timing: We will update the information for each product below, as updates are available.
What can happen: This vulnerability will allow an attacker to obtain control of your lights with in Wi-Fi range. Cloud control and remote control are not affected. Your Wi-Fi password is not at risk of being captured in this hack.
Replay Attack
The 'replay attack' allows an attacker to capture and replay packets that have already been sent. As the LIFX LAN protocol does not include any packet de-duplication method this could mean that an attacker could repeat an action that a legitimate user had already performed. This attack requires physical proximity to the device and access point. An attack against a LIFX device could mean:
An attacker who captured packets controlling a device via LAN could replay those packets and cause the actions to be repeated. For example if an attacker captures you turning off your light, once you turn it on the attacker could turn it off again by replaying what was captured.
Decryption Attack
The 'decryption attack' allows an attacker to assume a man-in-the-middle situation and decrypt all packets travelling between the device and the access point. This attack requires physical proximity to the device and access point. An attack against a LIFX device could mean:
An attacker could monitor the device and watch all the actions a user performs against it when controlling via LAN.
Injection Attack
The 'injection attack' allows an attacker to forge packets to and from the device. This attack requires physical proximity to the device and access point. This allows the attacker to pretend to be the device under attack and send packets to any other client on the network. This attack has only been demonstrated against a particular version of wpa_supplicant, and is probably not feasible against our devices. A successful attack against a LIFX device could mean:
An attacker could control the device under attack using the LAN protocol.
An attacker could use the LIFX device to attack other devices on the network. For example the vulnerability in our bulbs may provide access to other devices on the network.
LIFX Products
LIFX Mini, LIFX GU10
PATCHED: fw v 3.40 (April 11, 2018)
Replay attack: Patched
Decryption attack: Patched
Injection attack: Patched
Status: Patched
CVE List:
CVE-2017-13077
CVE-2017-13078
CVE-2017-13079
CVE-2017-13080
CVE-2017-13081
CVE-2017-13082
CVE-2017-13084
CVE-2017-13086
CVE-2017-13087
CVE-2017-13088
LIFX A19, LIFX BR30, LIFX A19+, LIFX BR30 +
PATCHED: fw v 2.75 (April 19, 2018)
Replay attack: Patched
Decryption attack: Patched
Injection attack: Patched
Status: Patched
CVE List:
CVE-2017-13078
CVE-2017-13080
LIFX Color 1000, LIFX White 800, LIFX White 900, LIFX Z
Replay attack: Unconfirmed but likely
Decryption attack: Unconfirmed but likely
Injection attack: Unconfirmed
Status: Awaiting patch from Wi-Fi chipset vendor
LIFX Original, LIFX Color 650
Replay attack: Vulnerable, broadcast/multicast packets only
Decryption attack: Not Vulnerable
Injection attack: Not Vulnerable
Status: Awaiting patch from Wi-Fi chipset vendor
CVE List:
TiVO Survey Finds Current Skinny Bundles Too Bloated & Pricey A new study by TiVO indicates that cord cutters and cable subscribers alike still really like the idea of only paying for the channels they want to watch. The company's latest video trends report indicates that 77.5% of respondents to its survey want to pay for only the channels they watch, an idea otherwise known as "a la carte." The industry has traditionally argued that a la carte options will raise rates and kill off niche channels, but that's consistently happened anyway even under the existing model of bloated cable bundles.
And while TiVO's survey found that cable customers have tried to respond to consumer demand with so-called "skinny bundles" of less expensive channels, many of these offerings still provide too many channels -- at too high a cost -- for most survey participant's liking. Again, 77.5% only want to pay for the channels they like, and they don't want to pay much for it. According to the survey, the average price respondents want to pay for a package of self-selected channels is $28.79 total per month -- or $1.73 per channel per month. In many channel bundles, ESPN alone costs users an estimated $8 per month, and previous surveys have indicated that 56% would drop the channel if it meant an $8 reduction in their bill. “TiVo believes vMVPDs could leverage their data to create packages that reflect subscriber interests,” TiVo said in the study. “Instead of three or four skinny bundle packages where the main differentiation is the number of channels included, TiVo believes packages should be built based on interests or viewing behavior.” For example, the study argues that skinny bundles should be driven by consumer interest, with cable operators offering one option for sports fans, another option for kids, and another for film buffs. “While some channels would overlap, the overall packages would be much more tailored to the individual, returning to a true à la carte spirit,” TiVo said. We've also noted that while many of these skinny bundle offerings provide the illusion of value, the actual savings aren't all that impressive once you include an ocean of We've also noted that while many of these skinny bundle offerings provide the illusion of value, the actual savings aren't all that impressive once you include an ocean of additional fees and surcharges . In short, the name of the game for many cable executives has been to try and provide the illusion of value and bundle flexibility, without actually doing so. And with cord cutting starting to accelerate to record levels, it's a game of illusion that won't be sustainable for long.
News Jump Tuesday Morning Links Monday Morning Links TGI Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links Friday Morning Links Thursday Morning Links - Valentines Edition Wednesday Morning Links Tuesday Morning Links ---------------------- this week last week most discussed
Most recommended from 22 comments
ILikeTech
join:2015-03-09 8 recommendations ILikeTech Member I think this study is stating what we already knew.
the other issue comes with simplicity. We tried the whole streaming app deal for a while but every time my kids wanted to watch TV, I had to go help them get the input changed, find the right app, find the channel/show they wanted. Not to mention the times things don't work as expected, then the wife is annoyed and obviously the whole house suffers then.
We just pay for cable now, quite happy with the Xfinity X1, I just wish they did a better job grouping their channels The issue I have though is that every "skinny" bundle and streaming channel are still offering packages, nearly nothing is actually a le carte. I don't care about network channels or sports, I want Science, Discovery, Smithsonian, History, etc.. There are no packages for that, the only way I can get This is to go with a full on cable subscription, which sucks due to how little TV I actually watch.the other issue comes with simplicity. We tried the whole streaming app deal for a while but every time my kids wanted to watch TV, I had to go help them get the input changed, find the right app, find the channel/show they wanted. Not to mention the times things don't work as expected, then the wife is annoyed and obviously the whole house suffers then.We just pay for cable now, quite happy with the Xfinity X1, I just wish they did a better job grouping their channels
maartena
Elmo
Premium Member
join:2002-05-10
Orange, CA ·AT&T FTTP
(Software) pfSense
5 recommendations maartena Premium Member Channels are done.... Whether it is fat cable, or skinny cable, the idea of channels in a grid guide is starting to show its age. There will always be a need for live entertainment, whether that be sports, news, or other live events..... but all other programming that has been pre-recorded and edited in studios doesn't have to be on a "channel" anymore, it will start to move to on an on-demand type platform.
a-la-carte as TV lovers have always wanted it, is never going to happen. The new a-la-carte is going to streaming services, either with or without a live stream version of the channel included, such as CBS All Access, HBO Now, Showtime, Starz, and the streaming service that Disney is cooking up right now after pulling their content from Netflix.
CBS is the one taking a chance on this now.... their CBS All Access includes a live stream version of the channel, it includes all the sports it has rights to, and it has exclusive new content such as the new Star Trek Discovery show. Whether this will pay off remains to be seen, but it is said that by the time Discovery premiered, 8 million people had subscribed to the service, and that is quite impressive.
Right now, a show comes on at "9/8c" for two-thirds of the American population, and those in the west will wait a couple of hours more. But its on a grid schedule with other channels like it has always been for the last 50 or so years. The future will just see shows released on a certain day in the morning, and people can watch them whenever they want. The kids might watch it when they get out of school, the yuppies with their dinner bowls on the couch, and the night owls just before midnight. No need to record or set a DVR, it will just be there. On Demand. Just like Netflix or Hulu.
And that is where things will be going. We'll still tune in for live events, but we will no longer rely on "channels" in "bundles", skinny or otherwise. Now there are going to be people who want to still have channels, but those channels will start to erode away.... and soon you will be paying what you pay now... for fewer and fewer channels.
I am projecting that companies like Discovery, NBC, Disney, Viacom will all have launched streaming services before this decade is out, where all of their programming - niche and mainstream - will be available. And I am projecting that eventually..... the channels will die. Or, instead of the 12 channels Discovery now owns, there will be only 2 left.
If you want to continue to use channels, you should really go a-la-carte as soon as possible. Allow people to pick from buckets, a $1 bucket with $1 channels in it, one for $2 channels, one for $3 channels. Perhaps to make it profitable require a minimum of 5 channels. News channels are probably in the $1 bucket because they aren't expensive. General entertainment such as food network or HGTV or History channel should be in the $2 bucket, and then the channels with major shows behind them such as TNT and TBS are in the $3 bucket.
In any case, the television revolution has already begun. You can either join the revolution and go to streaming, or you can keep holding on to your "channels" with your cold dead hands for as long as you can.... Tchaika
join:2017-03-20
New Orleans, LA 4 recommendations Tchaika Member Need Compulsory Licenses I've said it before, with regards the fragmentation of the streaming ecosystem, and I think the same applies here.
Problem is, to use everyone's favorite whipping boy (ESPN) as the example, you can't just subscribe to ABC and Disney, because they also own ESPN, and they won't sell you the first two without making you purchase the third one.
Much as I hate the cable industry, this is not their fault.
Compulsory licenses, as have existed for decades with music, would fix this. They would also end carriage disputes and channel blackouts.
karpodiem
Hail to The Victors
Premium Member
join:2008-05-20
Detroit, MI ·Comcast XFINITY
·WOW Internet and..
3 recommendations karpodiem Premium Member 4xTiVo HD 652160's on Lifetime
WideOpenWest has great service. Check out my review - » Switched from Comcast to WideOpenWest just so I don't have to deal with Comcast's compression garbage. I have great admiration for my TiVos; replaced the hard drives with 2TB drives, as well as the capacitors. Still going strong.WideOpenWest has great service. Check out my review - » Review of WOW Internet and Cable by karpodiem
Scarborough paints a picture of the day after Congress fails to increase the debt ceiling. The morning after
WASHINGTON, D.C.— Aug. 3, 2011
It was a financial storm that even an economics professor could see coming. The debt crisis that had gripped Washington for a month came to a sudden, horrifying climax that left America's economy looking like a nuclear wasteland. Credit markets suffered life-threatening seizures as the stock market dropped a staggering 25 percent. U.S. Treasuries plummeted as Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the United States' credit rating — instantly adding trillions of dollars in interest costs to the national debt. Only gold was on the rise, and its price exploded past $2,000 an ounce.
Story Continued Below
European markets reacted with understandable alarm while shock waves raced across Asia despite the early morning hour. China remained still, issuing little more than bland assurances, while its leaders quietly relished the fact that the United States of America had undermined its economic standing in a way that the Middle Kingdom could never have done on its own.
The threat of exploding interest rates on home mortgages, cars, student loans and credit cards caused growing concerns. But it was the gutting of 401(k)'s and pension programs that would soon stir panic. Camera shots of citizens lined up outside banks, credit unions and Social Security offices caused commodity prices to collapse less than 30 minutes after those images began flickering on CNBC — and more than a few news commentators drew parallels between the chaos of this day and the early morning hours after the Sept. 11 attacks.
President Barack Obama went before TV cameras to try to calm Americans. Despite his shaky on-air performance, the president's message was convincing and explained why the overwhelming majority of Americans surveyed in an overnight Gallup Poll blamed Republicans for the financial catastrophe that had quickly brought the world's largest economy to its knees.
Obama began his short speech by quoting another president.
“Congress consistently brings the government to the edge of default before facing its responsibility. This brinkmanship threatens the holders of government bonds and those who rely on Social Security and veterans benefits. Interest rates would skyrocket, instability would occur in financial markets and the federal deficit would soar. The United States has a special responsibility to itself and the world to meet its obligations.”
The president paused for effect while Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke stood beside him and watched.
“Ronald Reagan said that 24 years ago. It is time that Republicans running the House today follow the 40th president's wise advice and do the right thing.”
With that, Obama, Geithner and Bernanke left the Rose Garden and walked back into the White House. For the next hour, markets continued to drop. By late afternoon, the New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ took the extraordinary step of closing their markets.
Er, an earlier version of this said the software bug was 20 years old. It's 30! Thanks, Sidhekin
Today, in reading some data, I processed 36,916 potential dates. Two of those 36,916 failed to validate. I wasn't terribly concerned as these dates come from client-supplied data and this data is often, um, surprising. However, when I inspected the raw data, it turns out that those dates were January 1st, 2011 and January 1st, 2007. I had a bug in software I wrote about a month ago, but it turns out that this bug is actually 30 years old.
For anyone who doesn't really understand the software ecosystem, this may sound mystifying, but it makes sense. Because of a decision taken a long time ago to make another company money, my $client lost money in paying me to fix a bug that one company accidentally introduced and another company deliberately introduced. But to explain it I need to talk about a third company that introduced a feature that eventually became a bug, and a few other historical tidbits that nonetheless contributed to the obscure bug I fixed today.
In the good ol' days, Apple computers would sometimes spontaneously reset their date to January 1st, 1904. The reason for this is fairly simple. Back then, Apple computers used battery-powered "system clocks" to keep track of the date and time. What happened when the battery ran out? Apple computers tracked their dates as the number of seconds since the epoch. In this sense, an epoch is merely a reference date from which we start counting and for Macintosh computers, that epoch was January 1st, 1904 and when the system clock battery died, that was your new date. But why did that really happen?
Back then, Apple used 32 bits (ones and zeros) to store the number of seconds from their start date. One bit can hold one of two values, 0 or 1. Two bits can hold one of four values, 00, 01, 10, 11. Three bits can hold one of eight values, 000, 001, 010, 011, 100, 101, 110, 111, and so on. How much can 32 bits hold? 32 bits can hold one of 232, or 4,294,967,296, values. For Apple dates that was approximately 136 years, which is why older Macs couldn't handle dates after 2040 and if your system clock battery died, your date would reset to 0 seconds after the epoch and you'd have to keep manually resetting the date every time you turned on your computer (or until you bought a new battery for your system clock).
However, the Apple solution of storing dates as the number of seconds after the epoch means we couldn't handle dates before the epoch and that had far-reaching implications, as we'll see. This was a feature, not a bug, that Apple introduced. It meant, amongst other things, that the Macintosh operating system was generally immune to the Y2K bug (though many Mac apps weren't because they would introduce their own date system to work around the Mac limitations).
Moving along, we have Lotus 1-2-3, IBM's "killer app" that helped to launch the PC revolution, though it was VisiCalc on the Apple that really launched the personal computer. It's fair to say that if 1-2-3 hadn't come along, PCs would likely have not taken off the way they had and computer technology would have turned out considerably differently. However, Lotus 1-2-3 incorrectly reported 1900 as a leap year. When Microsoft released Multiplan, their first spreadsheet program, it didn't have much market penetration. So when they conceived of Excel, they decided to not only copy 1-2-3's row/column naming scheme, they made it bug-for-bug compatible, including deliberately treating 1900 as a leap year, a problem that remains to this day. So for 1-2-3, this was a bug, but for Excel, it was a feature to guarantee that everyone who used 1-2-3 could import their spreadsheets into Excel with no differences in the data, even if the data were wrong.
Eventually Microsoft decided to release a version of Excel for Apple's Macintosh computers, but they had a problem. As mentioned, Macintosh didn't recognize dates prior to January 1st, 1904. However, Excel used January 1st, 1900 as its epoch. So Excel was modified to recognize what the epoch was and internally stored dates relative to these respective epochs. This Microsoft support article explains the problem fairly clearly. And that leads to my bug.
My current $client receive spreadsheets from many customers. Those spreadsheets may have been produced on Windows, but they may have been produced on a Mac. As a result, the "epoch" date for the spreadsheets might be January 1st, 1900 or January 1st, 1904. How do you know which one? Well, the Excel file format exposes this information, but the parser I am using doesn't and it expects you to know whether you have a 1900 or 1904-based spreadsheet. I suppose I should have spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to read the binary format of Excel and sent a patch to the maintainer of the parser, but I have many other things to do for $client and so I quickly wrote a heuristic to determine whether or not a given spreadsheet was 1900 or 1904. It was pretty simple.
In Excel, you may have a date of July 5, 1998, but it might be formatted as "07-05-98" (the useless US system), "Jul 5, 98", "July 5, 1998", "5-Jul-98" or any of a number of other useless formats (ironically, the one format my version of Excel doesn't offer is the standard ISO 8601 format). Internally, however, the unformatted value is either "35981", for the 1900 date system, or "34519", for the 1904 system (these numbers represent the number of days after the epoch). So what I do is use a fairly robust date parser to extract the year from the formatted date, and then an Excel date parser to extract the year from the unformatted value. If they're four years apart, I know I'm using the 1904 date system.
So why don't I simply use the formatted date? Because July 5, 1998 might be formatted as "July, 98", losing me the day of the month. We get our spreadsheets from so many companies and they create them in so many different ways that they expect us (meaning me, in this case) to figure it out. After all, Excel gets it right, I should, too!
That's when 39082 kicked me in the tail. Remember how Lotus 1-2-3 considered 1900 a leap year and how that was faithfully copied to Excel? Because it adds an extra day to 1900, many date calculation functions relying on this can easily be off by a day. That means that 39082 might be January 1st, 2011 (on Macs), or it might be December 31st, 2006 (on Windows). If my "year parser" extracts 2011 from the formatted value, well, that's great. But since the Excel parser doesn't know whether it's a 1900 or 1904 date system, it defaults to the common 1900 date system, returns 2006 as the year, my software sees that the years are five years apart assumes an error, logs it, and returns the unformatted value.
To work around this, I now have the following (pseudo-code):
difference = formatted_year - parsed_year if ( 0 == difference ) assume 1900 date system if ( 4 == difference ) assume 1904 date system if ( 5 == difference and parsed month is December and parsed day is 31 ) assume 1904 date system # yeah, I had 1900 originally. Thanks for spotting that
And now all 36,916 dates parse correctly.
Note: for extra fun, if you have a Mac and you're running Excel, try entering a date before 1904 and then formatting it into a different date format. You can enter the date, but you can't format it because Excel will accept it, but will treat it as a text field. Meanwhile, for Microsoft Excel, all days of the week prior to March 1st, 1900 are wrong, due to a bug in software released in January of 1983.
Update: It was pointed out that Spreadsheet::ParseExcel does parse Excel's 1904 flag. Unfortunately, I'm using Spreadsheet::ParseExcel::Stream , which does not. Even on beefy boxes, we've run out of memory with the using the standard parser so we've had to fall back on the streaming parser. So far every attempt I've made to work around this has hit yet another bug.
Update 2: turns out Microsoft released Excel for Macintosh first!
Update 3: And according to an anecdote from Joel Spolsky, the Lotus 1-2-3 "bug" may have been a deliberate attempt to simplify the Lotus software. I had previously read hints that Lotus did this deliberately, but since I couldn't say for sure, I left it out.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Gerry McCann and Christopher Jefferies launch their national petition
Victims of press intrusion are urging the government to fully implement the Leveson Inquiry's recommendations on newspaper regulation.
Lord Justice Leveson called for a new independent watchdog - which he said should be underpinned by legislation.
Inquiry witnesses Gerry McCann and Christopher Jeffries launched the online petition, run by the campaign group Hacked Off.
Ministers say a draft bill on the report will be ready in a fortnight.
Lord Justice Leveson's 2,000-page report into press ethics, published on Thursday, found that some press behaviour had been "outrageous" and "wreaked havoc with the lives of innocent people".
He said the press - having failed to regulate itself in the past - must create a new and tough regulator but it had to be backed by legislation to ensure it was effective.
The report exposed divisions in the coalition government, with Prime Minister David Cameron opposing statutory control, unlike his deputy Nick Clegg, who wants a new law introduced without delay. Labour leader Ed Miliband also supports a new press law.
'Stand up for people'
Gerry McCann, whose daughter Madeleine went missing in Portugal in 2007, said he would have liked the report to have gone further.
Launching the petition he said: "Clearly the public want it, there's been a judicial review and I think the recommendations should be implemented. There's no good reason why they shouldn't be."
Analysis Government sources say they expect to produce a draft "Leveson" bill within a fortnight. However they expect the draft bill to underline their argument that any legislation would be much more unwieldy and extensive than envisaged by supporters of Leveson. They believe the draft bill will support their view that legislation would therefore be a threat to the freedom of the press. Instead, ministers want the newspaper industry to come forward with their own plans for regulation "within months." It's also being made clear that if the industry fails to agree on an acceptable revised package..then "the legislative stick remains an option." Earlier, Culture Secretary Maria Miller said alongside the issue of legislation, she had "very grave concerns" about some of the other details in the Leveson report -including on the role of Ofcom and rules on data protection. Labour sources say they fear the government will produce draft legislation that looks like "something the Stasi has written" in an effort to discredit the Leveson proposals
Mr McCann, who was the subject of what he called "unbelievably damaging" newspaper reports that suggested he and his wife killed Madeleine, added: "The press has been given enough chances, and in my opinion Lord [Justice] Leveson has given them another chance to put a structure in place which they are happy with."
Christopher Jeffries, who was wrongly arrested for the murder of Joanna Yeates, said: "Certainly I think it [Mr Cameron's decision] has been influenced by the pressure he has received from newspaper proprietors and editors and by some MPs in his own party."
Meanwhile, Hacked Off said victims had refused to meet Culture Secretary Maria Miller earlier because they felt "too let down" by the prime minister.
Following cross-party talks on Thursday night - which will resume next week - the Department for Culture, Media and Sport will begin the process of drawing up a draft bill implementing the Leveson recommendations.
The prime minister believes this process will only serve to highlight how difficult it is to try to legislate in a complex and controversial area while Labour and the Lib Dems think it will demonstrate the opposite.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Gerry McCann: Leveson does not go far enough
The Lib Dems pledged to ensure the legislation was drawn up "in good faith".
But the BBC's Norman Smith says Labour sources fear the Conservatives will produce draft legislation written in such a way as to discredit the proposals - "like something the Stasi [East German secret police] had written".
Culture Secretary Maria Miller told the BBC "the gauntlet has been thrown down" to newspapers to outline how they would set up tough self-regulation instead.
Proposed new press law Would: Create a process to "validate" the independence and effectiveness of the new self-regulation body
Validate a new process of independent arbitration for complainants - which would benefit both the public and publishers by providing speedy resolutions
Place a duty on government to protect the freedom of press Would not: Establish a body to regulate the press directly
Give any Parliament or government rights to interfere with what newspapers publish How new regulator might work
Mrs Miller said it was for the press to move forward "swiftly", putting in place a self-regulatory body that "adheres to the Leveson principles".
Government and industry sources have told the BBC that newspaper editors will meet Mrs Miller on Tuesday.
BBC political correspondent Ross Hawkins says she will tell them to draw up a better model for self-regulation than the one the press originally presented to the Leveson inquiry.
The Editors' Code of Practice Committee, which describes itself as the "foundation stone of the UK press self-regulatory system", said it would meet will meet next Wednesday to discuss the report.
Committee chairman Paul Dacre, editor of the Daily Mail, said: "We very much hope it will lay the framework for a fresh approach to the Editor's Code which will answer concerns raised during the inquiry."
Many of Friday's newspapers praised Mr Cameron's opposition to law-backed regulation.
But Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger told the BBC "a bit of statute" was a price worth paying for an effective new system of regulation and that he believed the press could "live with most of" the Leveson proposals.
Mr Rusbridger, who revealed that he spoke to other editors on Thursday night, said: "I think about 80% of it is right and can be agreed on."
Trevor Kavanagh, associate editor at the Sun, said there was no need for any new legislation.
"We welcome the report, its contents, its criticisms and we accept them. But I think that we've gone a long way as an industry to meeting also the recommendations for putting our house in order and making sure that it stays in order."
A few hours ago the notorious corporate crack whore Cory Booker posted a video to his Facebook page asking Democrats to make even more noise demanding that the government make even more of a fuss about Russia's “cyberattacks” and implying that they interfered with vote tallies by telling his audience that Russia interfered with “your ability to express yourself and your opinion at the polls.” This is of course a lie; no legitimate source anywhere claims that Russians were caught tampering with polling machines or stopping Americans from expressing their opinions at the polls. As of this writing his video has half a million views, and Booker is just one of many Democrats leading a renewed charge to beat an extremely dead horse with a very broken stick.
This is getting so stupid and tedious. Have you ever have a friend who just couldn't shut up about their ex? You'd be hanging out with the girls, everyone would be having a great time, you'd start to talk about maybe getting something to eat, and she'd just slam the mood down and stand on its trachea by sighing, “Barry used to make the best spaghetti…” Month after month of Barry this and Barry that, until finally someone gets fed up and yells “Dammit Karen, get over it already! This is why he left, because you're such a needy little sook!”
Democrats are Karen. Russia is Barry. And in both cases I'm the annoyed friend who just wants to move on and go out for kebabs.
It's time to move on, Democrats. Seriously. I can understand why the Deep State cares about Russia, I can understand why Trump's political opponents care about Russia, but we all know you don't really care about Russia. Come on. You don't. You know you don't. You know damn well you hardly ever thought about that icy potato patch until the people who lied to you about WMDs in Iraq started telling you they were helping the obnoxious Republican win. You don't really care about Russia. You care that your team lost.
Don't try and tell me otherwise. Don't come to me trying to pretend you were losing sleep about Georgia and Crimea before the “Russia hacked the election” meme was being pounded into your skull over and over and over again by corporate media. Don't try to tell me you were spending any percentage of your day-to-day life thinking about Putin's human rights violations before the talking heads on TV told you that you should spend more time worrying about the Kremlin. Don't try to tell me you cared about Russia before it became advantageous for the Deep State to make you care about Russia. I'll know you're lying if you do.
You care about Russia because you were told to care about Russia. In 2013 the US government gave itself the legal right to use psy-ops on American citizens, and they've been using the deliberately-constructed liberal echo chamber to pummel your consciousness into adopting the establishment narrative about Russia ever since the lady who was promising to start a war with Russia failed to win the presidential election.
And you believe them, because you want to believe them. As we've discussed before, the Democrats use disadvantaged groups as leverage to manipulate liberals into voting for them despite the Democratic party's consistent opposition to economic justice. The aforementioned liberal echo chamber has been used to lull you into subscribing to this sick religion that says the only thing a politician needs to do as an upholder of enlightened values is say nice things about Mexicans and call Caitlyn Jenner by the correct pronouns. Then all of a sudden a politician comes along who deliberately spits upon all these values you've been trained to view as sacrosanct, and even though his economic policies are no worse than the rest of your own party's platform, he has committed an unforgivable heresy against your weird political religion, and therefore he must be punished.
So you pretend to care about Russia. You say it's because they hacked the emails of the DNC and John Podesta and gave them to WikiLeaks, but you've been shown no proof of this, America is better off for having learned the truth about the Democratic establishment, and there are many powerful plutocrats who would benefit from increased tensions and even all-out military conflict with Russia. You say it's because Russia “invaded” Crimea, but an overwhelming majority of Crimeans reported in an American poll that they preferred Russian rule and want Ukraine to honor the annexation, and a year later a German polling company found this to still be true. You say it's because of Russia's military actions in Syria, but Russia came to Syria at the request of the Syrian government, and by the time Russia joined direct military action the only groups opposing Assad were known Jihadist factions. There's no good reason for you to care about those things, and you know that you don't.
I'll prove to you that you don't care about Russia. Answer these two questions — first, what is the worst case scenario if the Deep State is allowed to have its conflict with Russia? Don't worry, I'm a feminist, I'll answer for you: all life on earth is annihilated in a nuclear holocaust. That's the worst case scenario of a conflict with Russia.
Now tell me what's the worst case scenario if we let Trump get along with Putin? Again, don't strain yourself, I'll tell you: America and Russia will be allies.
Oh me oh my, the US might continue to get along with Russia as it has done for the last 25 years! Oh noes, how terrible! You stand to lose nothing by your country getting along with Russia, and you stand to lose everything if it doesn't.
Come on Democrats, this whole drama queen thing is so deeply embarrassing. Calm down and let's be grown-ups and admit we lost (because we did), have a proper post-mortem so we can clean house, get a clear head about the real problems of Trump's administration (uh, DAPL, hullo?), and start putting our energy there so we can come back stronger than ever for the mid-terms in 2018. There's so much cool shit we can do and so many actual problems that need fixing; we really don't need any fake ones distracting us.
Reality, Democrats. Let's face it.
---
Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it, please consider sharing it around, liking me on Facebook, following me on Twitter, or even tossing me some money on Patreon so I can keep this gig up.
With Breaking Bad finally out of the picture, the race for TV's prestige hardware is wide open. House of Cards nabbed three Screen Actors Guild nominations, including a nod for Best Ensemble. Also in contention for the top category are Boardwalk Empire, Downton Abbey, Game of Thrones, and Homeland.
… And not Mad Men. The AMC drama, about to enter its final season, was completely shut out by SAG, with zero nominations. True Detective earned two Best Actors mentions for Woody Harrelson and Matthew McConaughey, but HBO's short-season series was also left off the exclusive list of best shows. Overlooked last year, Orphan Black‘s Tatiana Maslany was nominated for Best Actress.
In comedy, Modern Family led the way with four nominations, including a nod for Best Ensemble in a Comedy.
TELEVISION PROGRAMS
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries
ADRIEN BRODY / Harry Houdini – “HOUDINI” (History)
BENEDICT CUMBERBATCH / Sherlock Holmes – “SHERLOCK: HIS LAST VOW” (PBS)
RICHARD JENKINS / Henry Kitteridge – “OLIVE KITTERIDGE” (HBO)
MARK RUFFALO / Ned Weeks – “THE NORMAL HEART” (HBO)
BILLY BOB THORNTON / Lorne Malvo – “FARGO” (FX)
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Television Movie or Miniseries
ELLEN BURSTYN / Olivia Foxworth – “FLOWERS IN THE ATTIC” (Lifetime)
MAGGIE GYLLENHAAL / Nessa Stein – “THE HONORABLE WOMAN” (Sundance TV)
FRANCES McDORMAND / Olive Kitteridge – “OLIVE KITTERIDGE” (HBO)
JULIA ROBERTS / Dr. Emma Brookner – “THE NORMAL HEART” (HBO)
CICELY TYSON / Carrie Watts – “THE TRIP TO BOUNTIFUL” (Lifetime)
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series
STEVE BUSCEMI / Enoch “Nucky” Thompson – “BOARDWALK EMPIRE” (HBO)
PETER DINKLAGE / Tyrion Lannister – “GAME OF THRONES” (HBO)
WOODY HARRELSON / Martin Hart – “TRUE DETECTIVE” (HBO)
MATTHEW McCONAUGHEY / Rust Cohle – “TRUE DETECTIVE” (HBO)
KEVIN SPACEY / Francis Underwood – “HOUSE OF CARDS” (Netflix)
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series (6 nominees)
CLAIRE DANES / Carrie Mathison – “HOMELAND” (Showtime)
VIOLA DAVIS / Annalise Keating – “HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER” (ABC)
JULIANNA MARGULIES / Alicia Florrick – “THE GOOD WIFE” (CBS)
TATIANA MASLANY / Sarah/Coxima/Alison/Rachel/ – “ORPHAN BLACK” (BBC America)
Helena/Tony/Jennifer and Various Others
MAGGIE SMITH / Violet, Dowager Countess of Grantham – “DOWNTON ABBEY” (PBS)
ROBIN WRIGHT / Claire Underwood – “HOUSE OF CARDS” (Netflix)
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series
TY BURRELL / Phil Dunphy – “MODERN FAMILY ” (ABC)
LOUIS C.K. / Louie – “LOUIE” (FX)
WILLIAM H. MACY / Frank Gallagher – “SHAMELESS” (Showtime)
JIM PARSONS / Sheldon Cooper – “THE BIG BANG THEORY” (CBS)
ERIC STONESTREET / Cameron Tucker – “MODERN FAMILY” (ABC)
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series
UZO ADUBA / Suzanne “Crazy Eyes” Warren – “ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK” (Netflix)
JULIE BOWEN / Claire Dunphy – “MODERN FAMILY” (ABC)
EDIE FALCO / Jackie Peyton – “NURSE JACKIE” (Showtime)
JULIA LOUIS-DREYFUS / Vice President Selina Meyer – “VEEP” (HBO)
AMY POEHLER / Leslie Knope – “PARKS AND RECREATION” (NBC)
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series
BOARDWALK EMPIRE (HBO)
DOWNTON ABBEY (PBS)
GAME OF THRONES (HBO)
HOMELAND (Showtime)
HOUSE OF CARDS (Netflix)
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series
THE BIG BANG THEORY (CBS)
BROOKLYN NINE-NINE (FOX)
MODERN FAMILY (ABC)
ORANGE IS THE NEW BLACK (Netflix)
VEEP (HBO)
SAG AWARDS® HONORS FOR STUNT ENSEMBLES
Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble in a Comedy or Drama Series (6 nominees)
“24: LIVE ANOTHER DAY” (FOX)
“BOARDWALK EMPIRE” (HBO)
“GAME OF THRONES” (HBO)
“HOMELAND” (Showtime)
“SONS OF ANARCHY” (FX)
“THE WALKING DEAD” (AMC)
Click here for the SAG movie nominations.
BOCA RATON – Justise Winslow reached the age to legally consume alcohol in March. He should be in his senior year of college.
Yet, the Heat forward did not feel youth was on his side during the last year.
“I feel young again,” he said Monday at Heat media day. “I feel great. I feel how a 21-year-old should feel.”
In other words, a 21-year-old shouldn't be dealing with an assortment on injuries that limit him to 18 games of an NBA season. He shouldn't have to feel pain in his wrist each time he takes a jump shot or have his season end in January because of a shoulder that needed to be surgically repaired.
But that sums up Winslow's lost second season since joining the Heat in 2015 as the 10th overall pick. Winslow has ground to make up. He started that process this summer and plans to continue through training camp and the preseason.
Winslow participated in his first practice in nine months when camp commenced Monday. He arrived lighter, having dropped 10 to 15 pounds from his 6-foot-7 frame (he weighs around 220), healthy and confident those expectations placed upon him after just one season at Duke will be reached.
“I feel like all the work I put in this summer is going to pay off and I'm going to start building to being the player that I truly see myself as and the player I know I'm capable of being,” Winslow said. “The guy that's capable of being the best two-way player on the court.
“I want to be an All-Star this year. I want to make it happen, I'm not going to sell myself short.”
[Heat guard Dion Waiters: ‘There's not 100 players better than me']
[Dwyane Wade to AP: ‘One day I want to retire in a Miami Heat jersey']
Winslow arrived with high expectations considering his profile and the fact he was projected to go higher than No. 10 in the draft. But the shine came off in a rookie season in which, though proving his versatility is NBA worthy, Winslow struggled with his outside shot.
Then came the shortened second season that even when Winslow was on the court he looked out of synch, much having to do with playing through an early-season wrist injury.
Winslow calls his shooting his only “flaw.” He cites is ball handling, passing, defense, rebounding as areas that get overlooked because of his shooting.
“Once that minor detail gets settled I think we're going to have a really fun ride,” he says.
And yet, he understands the criticism comes with the territory.
“I've been hearing it since high school being a top recruit,” he said. “I know I'm young, I know I have time to grow. I want to start getting after it right now. I'm chasing something, that's where my head is, I'm chasing the greats. It's going to be a process but I truly have the potential, I have the IQ for the game, I have the maturity to really go out and chase greatness. That's what I want to do.
“I hear it all. I don't see it all. I don't go looking for it, but I hear it.”
President Pat Riley praised Winslow for the work he's put in since the surgery. “One of the hardest workers we've ever seen coming back from surgery,” he said.
Coach Erik Spoelstra believes that work allowed Winslow to jump seamlessly into training camp despite the layoff.
“That was important for him to get those live reps but you would never be able to tell by his aggressiveness that he brought to this practice that he was coming off any kind of injury anywhere on his body,” Spoelstra said Tuesday. “People felt his presence.”
The small forward position was Winslow's to lose a year ago. Now, Spoelstra could go in several different directions with roster loaded with wings. Rodney McGruder not only surprised everyone by making the team, he then started 65 games at small forward. Add Josh Richardson to the competition this year.
“We've got guys diving on top of other guys, hard fouls, guys really getting after it,” Winslow said. “Five-on-0 is friendly. Once you start competing – especially against each other – there's nothing friendly about it.”
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
Big Poke dollars for the Wii U on the way?
Pokémon X/Y is almost upon us, and Nintendo is brimming with joy over their pending release, with new cartoons and other promotional tidings flowing from every orifice. Case in point, a new retrospective video that takes us through the chronological history of the Pokémon games, including the card game and that weird Japan-only arcade collectible disc-based thing. Notably missing are the Pokémon Rumble games. All the more evidence that they're the new black sheep of the Pokémon family.
The video culminates on Pokémon X/Y, though a few minutes after that climax, we're teased to a few seconds of mysterious footage of Lucario and Blaziken facing off in a high-polygon count world. They're facing off in a place that looks more like real life Tokyo than the environments we usually get in the Pokémon games, with skyscrapers, billboards, strange lettering, and giant Pokémon balloons floating in the background.
This could be anything from a CGI Pokémon film to a sequel to Hey You Pikachu!, but the safe bet is that we're getting a new Pokémon X/Y compatible game for the Wii U sometime soon. It would be smart to go with a more fleshed out title like Pokémon Colosseum and Pokémon XD: Gale of Darkness than a battle-only release like Pokémon Battle Revolution, though Pokemon-anything would certainly be better for the Wii U than nothing at this point.
You are logged out. Login | Sign up
(CNN) It's a settlement five decades in the making: Beginning in August, students in Cleveland, Mississippi, will no longer attend segregated schools.
A US federal court has accepted a settlement with the Cleveland School District, by which the district's high schools and middle schools will be consolidated to accommodate all district children.
Gone will be the Trojans of predominantly black East Side High and the Wildcats of racially mixed Cleveland High. All teens will now be Cleveland Central High Wolves.
Elementary schools will remain unchanged with the exception that three of them will now include sixth-graders to satisfy the new setup.
The US District Court for the Northern District of Mississippi last year ordered the school district to desegregate its school system. The district appealed the ruling, perpetuating a prolonged legal battle that began when black parents and guardians sued the schools on behalf of 131 "Negro children" in 1965.
The district relented earlier this year, and the federal court approved the settlement on Monday.
"After careful consideration, the board unanimously voted to end the appeal as it felt moving forward with a solid plan would serve the district, its students, faculty, parents and the community best in the long run," the school district said. "As the district moves forward, it will continue to utilize the ideas generated by a multiracial advisory panel made up of parents and community members."
Though school desegregation in the Mississippi delta may raise the specter of Jim Crow, it's not necessarily fair to rest on old assumptions and stereotypes in this case.
Attorney Jamie Jacks said she was surprised by the 2016 federal ruling.
There was no local order separating the schools by race. In fact, Jamie Jacks, an attorney for the school district, was proud of the strides Cleveland had made over the years. When the US Justice Department called in 2007 to say it was revisiting old segregation cases, she thought, "Well, this would be a good thing," she said in May.
Responding to federal demands, the district had made major changes to the school system over the years, Jacks said. One measure involved the establishment of neighborhood schools that allowed students to pick which school they wanted to attend.
Many black students and graduates told CNN they opted to attend East Side, and they had no qualms about it. The school has a reputation for athletics and grand homecoming celebrations. Many youngsters' parents and extended families went to East Side. To them, it was about tradition.
This left East Side High and D.M. Smith Middle School (and two elementary schools not affected by the federal ruling) predominantly black. Still, Jacks said, she felt the district had achieved an integrated district, "the only one for hundreds of miles in the Mississippi Delta."
She pointed to testimony during the case that showed Cleveland's schools were more integrated than those in Kansas City, Missouri, Fulton County, Georgia, Dallas and Denver.
But the feds simply didn't see it the school district's way.
"For someone to come in and say you're doing these awful things when you know in your heart that you've tried multiple tactics to try to get things the way the DOJ would want them, it's really hurtful," Jacks said.
Cleveland High graduate Taylor Morse shares his thoughts on federal desegregation ruling. pic.twitter.com/9zSS47LIa8 — Eliott C. McLaughlin (@EliottCNN) May 20, 2016
Opinions on school integration in this former rail and blues hub cover the spectrum. There are whites who want integration, blacks who oppose it, Cleveland High students who want to merge with East Side and East Side students who want their school left alone.
Ultimately, the federal court didn't care as much about public opinion as it did about making sure all Cleveland's youngsters had the same quality of education.
After all, it was 63 years ago that the US Supreme Court said in its Brown v. Board of Education ruling, "We conclude that, in the field of public education, the doctrine of 'separate but equal' has no place. Separate educational facilities are inherently unequal."
Lataivian Wright, who spoke to CNN at his graduation from East Side in May, will be among those who welcome the new Cleveland Central High School.
"I think it's a good idea," he said. "It'll give more kids the possibility to get to a better school. Kids can adapt to the adverse effects of multiculturalism."
The Justice Department's civil rights division has reviewed or intervened in more than 100 school district cases since the turn of the millennium, at least 30 of them involving race and at least seven of them, including Cleveland's, classified as "longstanding segregation" cases.
Monsanto has lost its permit to commercialize genetically modified (GMO) soy in seven Mexican states, Reuters reported.
Mexico's agriculture sanitation authority SENASICA revoked the permit—a decision that the St. Louis-based seed giant called unjustified.
Citing a SENASICA document, Mexican newspaper Reforma reported that the permit was revoked after authorities detected Monsanto's GMO soy in unauthorized areas.
But Monsanto rejected that argument. According to a statement seen by Reuters, the company claimed that the authorities did not analyze how the soy on which their decision was based was sown.
Monsanto alleged that the permit was withdrawn on unwarranted legal and technical grounds and warned that it would take the necessary steps to safeguard its rights and those of farmers using the technology.
The permit revocation applies to the states of Tamaulipas, San Luis Potosi, Veracruz, Chiapas, Campeche, Yucatan and Quintana Roo.
Monsanto's presence in Mexico has a storied history, especially over corn, the country's staple crop. The company has long wanted to grow corn in the country but earlier this year, a Mexican court upheld a 2013 ruling that stopped even pilot plots of GMO corn over how it could affect the environment, Reuters reported then.
RECOMMENDED
Monsanto Ignored Warnings About Dicamba Risks as Far Back as 2011
Monsanto Pulls Launch of New Pesticide After Skin Rash Complaints
Report: Global Food Chain Increasingly Threatened by Corporate Consolidation
NBA 2K eLeague, centered around Take-Two's "NBA 2K" franchise, will launch in 2018 and represents the gamemaker's first major push into the world of competitive gaming. Teams in the league will be operated by each of the NBA's 30 franchises and will follow a tournament format similar to the NBA — meaning a regular season, a bracketed playoff, then a championship match.
"We believe we have a unique opportunity to develop something truly special for our fans and the young and growing eSports community," said Silver.
Coverage of the eSports competitions is expected to take place both online and on television broadcasts.
Take-Two, which also makes the "Grand Theft Auto" series, and the NBA have been business partners since 1999, when the publisher launched its "NBA 2K" franchise. That annual series has become one of the most reliable in Take-Two's arsenal, with the most recent version selling more than 7 million units since it was released last September.
"It's our collective view that what consumers are looking for is a professional league with professional players with a sport that's beloved, a sport that won't come and go, but that will only grow in popularity," Take-Two CEO Strauss Zelnick told "Squawk Alley."
The publisher has dabbled in eSports before, launching an "NBA 2K"-themed tournament last year, but has largely stayed on the sidelines of competitive gaming. Zelnick last year referred to eSports as "a marketing umbrella". The rapid growth of the field, though, may have changed his thinking on the matter.
Even with its high-profile partner, Take-Two is a latecomer to the eSports field. In 2015, both Activision and Electronic Arts launched competitive gaming subsidiaries. EA tapped long-time gaming veteran Peter Moore (who previously served as COO of the company) to run the unit, while Activision brought in the former CEO of ESPN and the NFL Network to run its division.
That head start has given the other gaming companies a chance to make distribution inroads. Earlier this month, ESPN announced it would team with EA to broadcast FIFA eSports tournaments on the majority of its channels, including ESPN, ESPN2, ESPN Deportes and the ESPN3 online network.
eSports, as an industry, is still in its infancy, but analysts expect it to grow quickly. While the NBA is the first league to make an investment in the field, individual sports teams have been investing for some time. Since December 2016 alone, the Houston Rockets, Milwaukee Bucks and Miami Heat have all bought stakes in an eSports organization or made a high profile hire in the field. And the Dallas Cowboys are reportedly considering a purchase as well.
"It's an exciting trend and one with long-term prospects, as it's one of few themes that encompasses interactive entertainment, media, iGaming, virtual reality and mobile," says Ben Schachter of Macquarie Capital Markets. "Investments by professional sports teams into eSports [is] a way to maintain viewership and engagement and to connect with millennials. ... Overall, we expect this trend to accelerate."
pencilsponyforge:
As awesome as this year started with news of getting more official comic book work through the year, it was soon rebalanced by the hand of karma or something and now having suffered persistent gastrointestinal trouble for over 4 weeks, I decided to go see a doctor about it as my weight has been crashing and my hands shake too much to draw most of the day.
Unfortunately freelance artists don't get paid in advance so the doctor fees are out of my pocket from what little I had left from last job in December and what I get from patreon, While Finland has socialized medicine, they had no free times in time frame reasonably urgent to treat me, so my only option was private sector, I've spent 300 euros now on that and it is not all done yet.
I haven't got any results to post yet on what's going on with me, which is why I have been holding off on making any announcements, as not to worry people needlessly. But i need to likely keep paying some more fees on labwork and other stuff to come so if anyone feels like tossing a little help my way you can do so via ko-fi https://ko-fi.com/pencils or paypal paypal.me/ponysmith.
I'll keep people posted as answers roll in.
The team at Tenkiv Nexus says that the average person needs five liters of water a day to survive, and ten liters a day for basic hygiene and cooking. Approximately one billion people on earth don't have access to that clean water. Lack of access to clean water accounts for 1000 child deaths every day, and the team wanted to help fix this issue. Current water purification methods for groundwater were costly and required infrastructure investment. Working with the Afghan Development Association, the Tenkiv team is trying to change water purification methods, and running a Kickstarter campaign to receive initial funding.
Tenkiv Nexus uses a system that they hope will cost 1/13 of existing solar panels and 1/5 that of fossil fuel, without subsidies. The Nexus device uses what the team calls a PII Thermal Circuit that can theoretically ‘gather, transfer, and deliver thermal energy through a system at the maximum thermodynamically attainable energy.' The device then works with a storage tank, heat distribution network, thermal processors, and control subsystem to generate energy required for water purification.
A sanitation module uses a pasteurization process that heats the water to 100 degrees Celsius for a few minutes, killing 99.9% of the water's biological contaminants. A distillation module then evaporates and recondenses the water. The team chose this process because they feel more energy can be recovered when cooling the water vs a reverse osmosis process, and the distillation process is more cost effective when using the Nexus device as an energy source. The control system for the Tenkiv Nexus is the Tekdaqc, a project that was crowdfunded in 2014 and now used in projects and education institutions around the world. The entire unit weighs about 50 kilograms, and the solar module is approximately 2 meters x 1 meter x 7 centimeters thick. Current estimates for the system's cost are at $.0269 / kilowatt hour, and a capacity of 400-1000 liters (depending on weather and sun intensity) of water purified per day.
Even seeing the system in the campaign video it's hard to believe all of its claims before a full battery of tests in the field have been run. An incredibly detailed specification sheet is available online as well as a technical briefing about the Nexus system and the PII Thermal Circuit. Ideally this reinvention of what a solar panel can be will be even a fourth of the current estimates, and push forward the cause of clean water for everyone.
Jason Davis • July 21, 2017
LightSail 2 updates: Prox-1 mission changes, new launch date
As Earth's northern hemisphere passes through summer solstice, the news cycle tends to slow down. Schools close, people go on vacation, and things usually get a little quieter.
LightSail 2 spent most of its summer in storage, at both Cal Poly San Luis Obispo and Ecliptic Enterprises Corporation in Pasadena. Following a pre-ship review in March, The Planetary Society's solar sailing CubeSat has been waiting for its shipping schedule to firm up.
Project engineers did take the spacecraft out for a brief vacation—albeit a working one. Last month, LightSail 2 went back to UCLA for another magnetometer calibration test to ensure it will be able to orient itself properly as it sails around the Earth.
The summer also brought news of a mission operations change for LightSail's partner spacecraft, Prox-1. Furthermore, the Air Force updated LightSail's launch date to no earlier than April 30, 2018, as SpaceX continues preparing its Falcon Heavy rocket for an inaugural flight.
Josh Spradling / The Planetary Society LightSail 2 and Prox-1 Prox-1 deploys the LightSail 2 spacecraft in Earth orbit. Prox-1 deploys the LightSail 2 spacecraft in Earth orbit.
Magnetometer calibration
Last year, LightSail 2 completed an extensive set of magnetometer calibrations and attitude control tests at Utah State University's Space Dynamics Laboratory and the UCLA Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics.
LightSail orients itself in space using a set of electromagnetic torque rods that push against Earth's natural magnetic field. The spacecraft reads the strength and direction of that field—which varies around the world—using magnetometers mounted at the end of each deployable solar panel.
Those magnetometers are factory-calibrated, but a spacecraft's electronics also generate magnetic fields. Therefore, the magnetometers must be calibrated again after installation.
When LightSail's solar panels are closed, the magnetometers sit right next to the spacecraft's solar sail deployment motor. The motor spindle has six magnets attached to it, and every time the motor spins, the magnets end up in a slightly different position
After LightSail's final boom deployment test, during which the motor spun for the final time before solar sail deployment in space, the spacecraft went back to UCLA for a final magnetometer calibration.
"We don't have a way of precisely stopping the motor in the same position every time," said Alex Diaz, a LightSail engineer at Ecliptic Enterprises Corporation. "So, being that we aren't going to move the motor any more, we went ahead and did a calibration."
Prox-1 mission change
In late May, LightSail 2's partner spacecraft, Prox-1, shipped to the Air Force Research Laboratory in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Prox-1 is a Georgia Tech student-built SmallSat sponsored by the Air Force's University Nanosat Program, or UNP. LightSail 2 and Prox-1 are booked as secondary payloads on the Air Force's STP-2 mission, which will launch on a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket.
Prox-1's original mission plan was to deploy LightSail 2, track it down, and image it during solar sail deployment.
In Albuquerque, the UNP and Prox-1 teams conducted a review of the spacecraft, and determined that while the hardware needed for the mission was fully integrated, the flight software required further development.
"After discussions between the Air Force and Nanosat program, the two programs decided to scale back some of Prox-1 mission objectives," said Dave Spencer, LightSail 2's project manager.
As part of the change, Prox-1 will still deploy LightSail 2, but not track the solar sail CubeSat down and image it during sail deployment. None of LightSail 2's mission objectives have changed, and fortunately, the spacecraft has its own onboard cameras, which the LightSail team will use to image the solar sail deployment sequence.
The Planetary Society LightSail 1 updated solar sail selfie This image was captured by a camera aboard LightSail 1 on June 8, 2015, shortly after solar sail deployment. It was color-corrected by Dan Slater to remove the camera's artificial purplish tint based on ground test images, and is a closer approximation to what the human eye would see. This image was captured by a camera aboard LightSail 1 on June 8, 2015, shortly after solar sail deployment. It was color-corrected by Dan Slater to remove the camera's artificial purplish tint based on ground test images, and is a closer approximation to what the human eye would see.
Waiting on Falcon Heavy
Prox-1 and LightSail 2 remain on the STP-2 mission manifest, which will launch aboard either the second or third Falcon Heavy flight. The first flight, a demonstration mission, is expected later this year. After that, SpaceX may launch Arabsat 6A, a Saudi communications satellite, before launching STP-2.
No matter the launch order, the STP-2 mission will occur no earlier than April 30, 2018, according to Air Force officials.
The timing of the demo flight partially depends on how quickly SpaceX is able to prepare its launch infrastructure.
"We're waiting for pad 40 to get back up and running, which should happen later this summer," said SpaceX president Gwynne Shotwell, speaking on the Space Show in June. Space Launch Complex 40 was damaged in a pad explosion in 2016, and since then, the company has launched all of its missions from Kennedy Space Center's pad 39A.
Shotwell said all Falcon 9 single core launches will be moved back to pad 40, allowing the company to prepare pad 39A for the Falcon Heavy.
"There's a lot of risk associated with Falcon Heavy," said SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, speaking at the International Space Station Research and Development Conference this Wednesday. Musk also said there was a "real good chance" the demo flight wouldn't make it to orbit.
"I want to make sure to set expectations accordingly. I hope it makes it far enough away from the pad that it does not cause pad damage," he said. "I would consider even that a win."
As for the Falcon Heavy vehicle itself, two of the rocket's three cores have been tested and shipped to Cape Canaveral.
In May, a center core was tested, followed by a side booster that was recovered during the Thaicom 8 mission. If the demo flight is successful, SpaceX plans to return the two side boosters to land, and recover the center core on its ocean-going drone ship.
Read more: LightSail
I'm incredibly honoured to be able to bring you an early review of the newest LEGO Ideas set, 21305 Maze. Ideas is one of my favourite themes from LEGO and I love the unexpectedness, creativity and unique concepts that are the hallmark of the entire theme.
When the 13th Ideas set, 21305 Maze was officially unveiled earlier this month, I was incredibly pleased and excited to see the final product. Jason Alleman's brick built version of the classic Labyrinth Marble Maze Game just oozes creativity and originality and I was both impressed and surprised that LEGO greenlit the project. It's a big gamble by LEGO, launching a LEGO set like this, but I hope it pays off for them.
The LEGO Ideas Maze is such a bold concept, so I hope my review will help shed some light on this unique set and help you make a decision on this set when it becomes available for purchase. LEGO 21305 Ideas Maze will be released on 1 April 2016 on LEGO.com and will cost US$69.99. No news on the Australian price yet, but I'll update as soon as information becomes available.
The Maze's Australian price is $99.99 and is now available on LEGO.com.
Special thanks to LEGO for sending an early review copy for the purpose of this review!
Name: Maze
Set Number: 21305
Pieces: 769
Price: AU$99.99 (AUS LEGO.com link) | US$69.99 (US LEGO.com link) (Amazon link)
Exclusive to: LEGO.com
Theme: Ideas
Year of Release: 2016
Instructions: TBC
First impressions when I unwrapped the box – wow, it's massive! The LEGO Ideas Maze set is absolutely huge and is the largest Ideas set to date. Weighing in at 769 pieces, the box feels incredibly heavy as the pieces in the set are huge. There are hardly any tiny elements such as 1 x 1 plates or round studs, the pieces included are of the larger variety and contribute a lot to the set's heft. Don't be fooled by the piece count, you're getting plenty of ABS plastic in this set.
Here's a look at the contents of the box. My heart sank when I realised that the bags were unnumbered. For a set that has this many pieces, it meant a very painful and frustrating building process as you aimlessly stare at a sea of homogeneous bricks looking for that one piece that you need. Very excruciating.
Oh and side note about the box quality – the cardboard felt a lot thinner and less sturdy than previous Ideas sets. I chalk it up to the larger size, which makes it feel a lot flimsier. It still isn't as flimsy as regular LEGO boxes, but doesn't feel as thick as previous Ideas boxes.
Some fascinating parts right out of the box – a 32 x 32 light grey baseplate, which I believe is quite uncommon, having only shown up in the Parisian Restaurant before this. The four 8 x 16 black plates included are also fairly rare as they were previously only included in the UCS Tie Fighter set.
Like all Ideas sets, the instruction manual is one of the highlights of the set. We get a thick instruction manual, with a rather odd design. The grey border surrounding the brown maze background looks quite odd. No idea why they didn't just cover the entire booklet in the sweet maze design.
There's plenty of great reading contained in the manual, such as a profile of the designer, Jason Allemann of JK Brickworks and some background information of the original Ideas project.
Right at the back, there's also a section with some extra ideas and alternative maze designs.
Building the Maze was unlike any other LEGO set that I've ever assembled. You start off with the base, putting together the foundations and the Technic pieces that facilitate the Maze's tilting mechanism. Plenty of Technic liftarms and axles are used for the mechanical system, which is operated and linked to 2 wheels that provide the means to control the entire Maze.
Once the base is completed, you add on two tan frames – an inner and outer wall that tilt at different axes.
Here's a closer look at the Technic bits. It was a pretty fascinating experience – the frames were pretty repetitive, but I enjoyed putting the Technic parts and axles together as Technic isn't something I dabble in and of course, I was very inquisitive and wanted to see how the mechanism worked.
I really liked the clever use of different coloured bricks (red, blue, yellow) which were very useful indicators and acted as bearings of the model. It's quite a challenging build as you'll need to rotate the set quite a bit during the construction process, so younger builders might need a little assistance from a grown-up.
Here's a nifty little brick-built container to store the balls used for the maze. The balls are standard LEGO balls. They're not perfect spheres and have little dimples in them, which can sometimes cause them to get stuck in the maze which is a bit of a pain.
Apart from being used as a storage solution, the container also acts as a stopper, which locks the Maze in place, preventing it from tilting if you're travelling or moving around with it.
Here's the container locked into place, secured by a L-brick.
On the opposing corner is another black block that secures the Maze into place for transport.
Here's a look at how the Maze tilts. Not sure if it was a design flaw, but I was quite frustrated that one the frames didn't tilt evenly in one direction. One of the axis tilts just fine, and it's balanced in just how much it tilts in both directions. The other axis just doesn't tilt well (the one with the yellow Technic liftarm) as it gets obstructed halfway through.
It was kind of frustrating as I would've liked the tilting to be even on each side, especially since game's mechanics require you to tilt it slightly in different directions to manipulate gravity to guide the ball. When I first discovered the unintuitive tilt, I panicked as I thought I'd made some sort of mistake during the build but nope, it seems to be designed that way.
After awhile, I got used to the limited tilt and managed to incorporate it into my playstyle. I managed to beat both Mazes, so it's not a critical flaw or anything – just something that feels rather jarring and unnatural.
Once the frames are completed and in place, the Maze has almost taken shape. The frames act as a nest for the Maze Plate to be inserted in.
Here's a look at the Classic Maze Plate, constructed on four 8 x 16 plates. I really like LEGO tiles and was delighted to receive so many in this set. The Maze plates are the trump card of the LEGO Ideas Maze as they are infinitely customisable since you know, they're made out of LEGO.
One of the biggest draws of this set is that you're given all the tools to let your creativity flourish and customise your very own layouts and puzzles. Keep an eye out on the JK Brickworks Maze page where the designer will upload instructions for additional Mazes. I'm also looking forward to seeing what the wider LEGO fan community comes up when this set is released.
The Maze plate fits extremely snugly into the frame. I'm talking razor thin margins here. It's a really tight fit and I had a bit of trouble fitting it into the frame and removing it at first till I got the hang of it. That's not a flaw, but more of a testament of LEGO's legendary manufacturing precision.
Once you've locked in the Maze Plate, it's time to play!
If you're unfamiliar with the classic Labyrinth Marble Game, the concept is easy to grasp but difficult to master. You turn the dials on each side to tilt the maze, using gravity and momentum to guide the ball pass the traps, and navigate your way through the maze to reach the end goal.
Here's a video of the Maze in action.
The LEGO Ideas Maze is unlike any LEGO set I've ever built, simply because it's meant to be played with. That's a huge paradigm shift for me as I'm an adult collector, which means I typically build sets expressly to admire them on display, or pose them for a bit of photography.
The interactivity and playability of this set is through the roof and I have to admit that as soon as I completed the set, I spent a lengthy amount of time playing with it.
I cannot overstate how fun playing with the Maze was.
As an added bonus, the set also comes with instructions and parts for an alternative medieval-style maze plate. Unfortunately, you'll have to rip out the existing tiles on the maze plate to swap designs which is a bit of a hassle. Wish LEGO would've included more plates so that you could build on another and swap them in and out as you please.
I really like the medieval maze plate, which incorporates micro-scale design influences, as well as a burst of colour thanks to the green tiles, brown walls and small roofed structures and castles.
Really cool designs and it could almost pass off as a stand-alone micro-scale build, but it does serve a really good purpose for some much-needed variety when you inevitably get bored/master the first maze layout.
While the medieval maze-plate looks cool and all, it is also so much easier to beat compared to the classic one. Here's a video of me completing the maze! In the 18s mark you can see the ball getting stuck and I had to violently shake the maze in order to dislodge it.
The classic layout is actually pretty damn challenging and it took me quite some time to properly master the route and become comfortable with the controls to beat it in one go. Like classic skill-based games, there is a certain sense of achievement – a rush that you get when you beat the physical challenge of the game that was very nice to feel.
The LEGO Ideas Maze is one tough set to review simply because unlike most other LEGO sets, the intrinsic value of this set lies in the actual functionality and playability of the Maze. Pictures, while they're nice and all simply do not come close to fully communicating what this set has to offer.
Even the videos and GIFs I shared, while giving you a more realistic and dynamic look at the functionality of the maze also fails to capture the satisfaction of how this set works and most importantly, how it feels in your hand as you play with it.
The mechanics and smoothness of how it all works is truly marvelous and it combines a sense of simplicity with a challenging physicality that comes together to provide an incredibly fun play experience.
Put simply, you have to build and play with the LEGO Ideas Maze to truly appreciate the essence and brilliance of this set. It doesn't reinvent the wheel, since this game has been around for decades but the fact that such a mechanical feat could be made possible by LEGO elements is a triumph that the LEGO Ideas theme can take credit in bringing to life.
What I liked:
The indescribable fun of playing with a physical toy
Great selection of parts – plenty of huge bricks, elements and tiles
An incredibly unique concept
Excellent way to entertain guests to your home
What I didn't like:
Uprooting all the tiles to swap maze designs
Tilting mechanism isn't 100% balanced
Questionable longevity as a LEGO model
Final thoughts: The LEGO Ideas Maze is not for everyone. While it certainly checks a lot of boxes such as being really fun to play with and is a stellar example of a unique concept born out of the LEGO Ideas platform, it is also far from what you'd expect from a conventional LEGO set.
The Maze gets a lot of things right. It's a hefty, well constructed set made out of some really great parts. , as evident by the bountiful supply of large tan & black bricks, tiles and other miscellaneous parts. It nails the “supposedly golden rule” of <US$0.10c a piece, which is sometimes disingenuous but totally not the case in this set since you can appreciate how much plastic you get from the overall weight.LEGO definitely didn't tighten the purse strings on this set
I'm still a-mazed (heh) that LEGO greenlit this set since it represents such a bizarre shift from a regular LEGO set and I daresay that we will never get to see a set like this ever again. An engineering marvel, I have to really commend designer Jason Alleman for designing and conceptualizing such a wonderful creation.
Minor flaws such as the slightly uneven tilting mechanism or the hassle of switching maze plate designs aside, the thing that holds this set back is also its most defining feature – it just feels like a novelty item.
As an adult fan, a lot of the decision making process when buying LEGO sets comes down to how good it looks on display and I imagine many of my peers qualify sets the same way too. You'll never catch me buying a set because of its interactive play features as it doesn't interest me at all.
While I had and do have a lot of fun playing with the Maze, I do realise that like with many things, I will eventually get bored of it, which then relegates it to being a display piece. But unlike a Star Wars UCS set, Modular Buildings or the Tower of Orthanc (my fav set of all time), it just doesn't have that display X-factor which compels me to never want to disassemble it or remove it from my limited display space.
That said, I really like the LEGO Ideas Maze. Just like Birds, the Maze sets the tone for the kind of unique brilliance and creativity that the Ideas platform looks to promote and ultimately turn into retail LEGO sets. I also love the limitless potential for maze and puzzle designers and how customisable this set promises to be.
For parents looking to develop their kid's motor skills, hand-eye coordination and also creativity, the Ideas Maze has a unique capability to do all of that and more. I suspect that kids will be much more welcoming and appreciative of this set, rather than your typical, mainstream adult LEGO fan. There's just something innately special about the fact that this set allows you to essentially “build your own plaything”.
The LEGO Ideas Maze is not for everyone, but if you're into puzzles, challenging physical board games and experiencing a LEGO set that's unlike anything else, you're the perfect person to appreciate Jason Alleman's Maze.
Rating: 4/5
Thanks so much for reading and I hope that you enjoyed my review! Do let me know your thoughts in the comments and if the Maze is on your to-buy list! If you have any questions or would like me to snap any specific photos or test anything out, please let me know as well!
The LEGO Ideas Maze's release date is 1 April 2016 and will retail for US$69.99 from LEGO.com.
Dependency diagrams on api.kde.org!
Today I am happy to announce that after a bit of work we finally got dependency diagrams for KDE Frameworks 5 automatically generated on api.kde.org. Pick a framework, then click on the "Dependencies" link in the sidebar. For example, a tier 2 framework like KAuth, a tier 3 one like KIconThemes or if your looking for something a bit crazier, here is KIO.
Getting this to work was a bit more involved than I originally thought because the first part of the diagram generation is done by running cmake --graphviz on the source code. This means it must be run on a system with all the necessary dependencies installed. We ended up having the build servers run this part and rsync'ing the result to the server responsible for running Doxygen.
If you are interested in how it works, the code is available in the kapidox repository. Feel free to ping me if you need help with it.
I am still debating whether it makes sense to host the "mother of all diagrams" on api.kde.org or not. My gut feeling tells me that while it's impressive, it is of limited value and this is only going to get worse as we add new frameworks (the linked diagram is already outdated). It would probably be more interesting to produce a readable diagram of all tier 1 and tier 2 frameworks instead. I experimented a bit with this, but I am not done yet: I need to find a way to get more vertical spaces between cluster graphs. Right now the result is not useful because the arrows are all stuck together, even without Qt libs.
FULLERTON – Starting in summer 2013, anxious Cal State Fullerton students wanting to puff a post-final exam cigarette will have to leave campus to do it.
This week, the university's interim president signed an order banning use of all forms of tobacco on campus, the first school in the California State University system to do so. The ban will take effect in August next year, allowing the university an educational campaign about the prohibition and get students accustomed to it.
The way the new rule is written, smokers puffing in their cars with the windows up would be violating the rule if they were in a campus parking lot or street.
“If you're on campus, you're on campus,” said John Bedell, a sociology professor. Bedell also heads the university's Academic Senate, a 48-member body comprised of faculty, staff and students.
Earlier this year, the Senate voted unanimously to back the ban.
“We can hardly get unanimity that it's Friday,” Bedell said. “To pass this is huge.”
The professor said he's received e-mails from people who not only support the ban, but wish it went into effect much sooner.
Punishments for violating the new rule have yet to be determined.
The sweeping ban didn't come about overnight. Bedell said the proposal has been mulled over for a couple of years.
Sakae Nishida, who will transfer to Fullerton as a business major in the fall, said she understands many people's aversion to smoke.
“I avoid places where people are smoking,” she said. But, she added, she believes the campus should have designated areas for smokers.
“People who smoke cigarettes have rights in open air,” Nishida said.
The school's previous policy prohibited smoking inside buildings and within 20 feet of their entrances, but allowed smoking in open-air areas unless otherwise posted.
Walking around campus, it's not difficult to find discarded butts, which seem to be more numerous in campus planters than in the ashtrays located around the quad.
“The campus is filthy with cigarette butts,” Bedell said.
Another reason, Bedell said, was universal disdain for the 20-foot rule. Often smokers congregate in front of some buildings' ventilation intakes.
To some faculty members on say, the fifth floor, “It would smell like they were smoking in their offices,” Bedell said. “Besides, shouldn't the university be about health?”
Facebook has finally satisfied the European Union by disabling facial recognition tagging.
Facebook, which was subjected to an audit by Ireland's Data Protection Commissioner (DPC), was under pressure to implement a variety of changes in Europe, mostly dealing with privacy and security issues. Last December, Facebook had promised to make the changes outlined in the audit document in order to comply with European regulations.
One stumbling block was facial recognition tagging, which prompts your Facebook friends to "tag" or identify you in photos in which you appear.
Facebook has now turned off the feature for European users. The company will also delete templates for existing users by October 15. Further, it has promised to work with the DPC to create a process for getting user consent should it try to bring back the tagging feature.
A scan of the audit document reveals that the DPC has received a "satisfactory response" from Facebook on virtually all of the pressing issues. However, a few features are due for further review apparently before the social network can officially pass the audit.
A Facebook spokesman sent CNET the following statement:
As our regulator in Europe, the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner is constantly working with us to ensure that we keep improving on the high standards of control that we have built into our existing tools. This audit is part of an ongoing process of oversight, and we are pleased that, as the Data Protection Commissioner said, the latest announcement is confirmation that we are not only compliant with European data protection law but we have gone beyond some of their initial recommendations and are fully committed to best practice in data protection compliance.
Google Play: We've cracked down on bad apps: Google says it rejected at least 55 percent more app submissions in 2018. The best meal kit delivery services: Are you an enthusiastic cook with not enough time? These services can help.
(Via TechCrunch
bp oil spill
In this June 4, 2010 file photo, a worker picks up blobs of oil with absorbent snare on Queen Bess Island at the mouth of Barataria Bay near the Gulf of Mexico in Plaquemines Parish, La.(AP Photo/Gerald Herbert)
(Gerald Herbert)
Last Thursday (July 2), states attorneys general in Louisiana and four other Gulf Coast states celebrated an $18.7 billion settlement with BP over claims from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. A report from the U.S. Public Interest Research Group says the true value of the deal could be far lower after BP files its taxes.
Federal tax law prevents companies from deducting penalties paid for breaking the law from their corporate taxes. But damage payments -- such as money paid for coastal restoration -- can be treated as a business expense.
According to the Public Interest Research Group, at least $13.2 billion in the settlement is not defined as a penalty, meaning BP could potentially get tax breaks on that chunk of money. This includes payments to restore natural resources the spill damaged.
The settlement announced last week could wind up costing BP only around $14 billion after taxes assuming all those costs are written-off at the top 35 percent corporate tax rate.
Phineas Baxandall, the consumer group's senior analyst for tax and budget policy, said a federal judge ruled that BP broke the law. The company must pay for its misdeeds, not shift the burden to taxpayers, he said.
"This is not just an accounting question," Baxandall said. "There is a zero-sum game here between the American taxpayer and BP on this issue."
The Public Interest Research Group has asked the Justice Department to include specific language in the settlement that prohibits BP from claiming tax breaks on payments. It also wants the full details of the settlement to be made public. The court has ordered most of the settlement details confidential for now.
The only portion of the settlement that appears excluded from tax breaks is the $5.5 billion environmental penalty BP has agreed to pay for violating the Clean Water Act.
Justice Department spokesman Wyn Hornbuckle declined to comment on Public Interest Research Group's findings. He confirmed the Clean Water Act penalties cannot be deducted.
BP did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Ed Sherman, a Tulane University law professor and a complex litigation expert who has followed the BP case closely, said the company likely negotiated for a lower Clean Water Act fine and higher natural resource damage payments with the tax advantage in mind.
Sherman said all sides benefit in ending what could have been years of litigation. But the tax breaks and the opportunity to make payments over 15 years -- even longer for some payments -- are distinct advantages for BP, he said.
"It was a fair settlement on both sides, but I think BP probably came out a little better," Sherman said.
Baxandall said the way the Clean Water Act penalty would be distributed to states under the settlement could lead to more write-offs.
Under the terms of the agreement, 80 percent of the $5.5 billion penalty would be distributed to five Gulf Coast states under the RESTORE Act. Signed into law in 2012, the act establishes a fund for the penalty money and a framework to divvy up funds for restoration projects in Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas and coastal counties in Florida.
The funds are technically penalty money. But Baxandall said the way the money is used could be considered restitution, which would be a tax-deductible expense. He is worried BP could use that argument to press for more tax breaks.
This is not the first time settlement tax breaks have been called into question. The federal government's $1.1 billion settlement with Exxon after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker spill in Alaska was reported to have an after-tax cost of only $524 million.
A bill now in the U.S. Senate attempts to tackle the issue, requiring federal agencies to state whether out-of-court settlements are tax deductible. Companies would also be required to disclose whether they claimed settlement deductions in Securities and Exchange Commission filings.
In the meantime, the Public Interest Research Group is calling on the Justice Department to be more transparent about the settlement details.
Baxandall notes agencies such as the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau promptly post settlements online for public scrutiny. The Environmental Protection Agency started in 2013 to include language in its settlements specifically banning parties from claiming tax breaks on cleanup funds.
The BP oil spill settlement announced last week is set to undergo a public comment period before being approved. Hornbuckle said the public comment period would begin after a final settlement is filed with the court, which is expected by early 2016.
"If there is enough outrage about this and people voice their discontent during that period, then I would hope the Justice Department would insert the few words it would take to save taxpayers billions of dollars," Baxandall said.
If tax breaks are being used as a bargaining chip to finalize settlements, it needs to stop, he said.
"Everybody wins except for the public," Baxandall said.
Buy Photo Newark High School history teacher Bob Ensign watches as the Giant Jenga set crashes at the WildcatThon in 2016. The school is hosting the event again to raise money for Nationwide Children's Hospital as part of Ohio State University's BuckeyeThon. (Photo: Barrett Lawlis/The Advocate)Buy Photo
NEWARK - For Newark High School's Key Club, raising awareness about childhood cancer has become its main project.
And Saturday the school will host its second WildcatThon, a dance marathon and community event to raise money for childhood cancer treatment.
Carrie Dietz, a sophomore and Key Club officer, said awareness is crucial.
"You get to see the difference you're making because you're helping people your age," she said.
All proceeds from the event are donated to the Oncology Unit at Nationwide Children's Hospital, and the event is connected to BuckeyeThon, a program at Ohio State University that raises money for the hospital as well.
Dietz said last year's event was fun and successful. The Key Club raised about $4,200 through WildcatThon and other events during the year.
"We were able to raise money to help BuckeyeThon and Nationwide Children's, but we were able to do it through a fun experience and with our friends and our peers," she said.
Scott Koebel, a school counselor and Key Club's co-advisor, said the event, which has a Disney and Star Wars theme, is expanding this year. There will be inflatables, bubble soccer, a Nerf gun battle area, therapy dogs and more. People are also encouraged to dress up to fit the theme.
Koebel said the goal is to engage more students from the district's middle school and the community as a whole.
High school and middle school students will pay a $10 registration fee at the door and community members are encouraged to give a donation of their choosing. The event is free to Miracle Kids, who are children who have been diagnosed with some form of cancer or are now in remission.
Koebel said it's been a great activity for the Key Club, which has only been at the high school for a few years.
"We do a lot of really great small projects, but the nice thing about WildcatThon is it's kind of developed into our big project," he said. "It's something that everyone can get involved in and it's a little more fun than some other projects that may not be quite as appealing to everyone."
And while the Key Club takes on most of the work, its not the only group helping. Dietz said the ROTC group, the cheerleaders and others will be there as well.
"It's also a good way to involve the whole school," she said.
mdevito@gannett.com
740-328-8513
Twitter: @MariaDeVito13
If You Go
What: WildcatThon
When: 3 p.m. to 7 p.m. March 18
Where: Newark High School, located at 314 Granville Street, in the student commons
FYI: $10 registration fee for high school and middle school students, charitable donation for community members
Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2mAHgYI
My ABC Baby Blanket and Bohemian Oasis Afghan are certainly keeping me busy lately. I am on the next to the last section of the baby blanket, (D,E,F,G) but it has been difficult to work on this past week because our air conditioner was not working. Of course in Kansas we have been having above normal high temperatures lately and the baby blanket is very dense, (single crochet) so it is hot on my lap and the yarn is sticking between my fingers so it has been doubly difficult to work on it.
I have persevered though because I am determined to finish it as soon as possible because I have so many other projects running around in my mind that I want to get started on. As I said, this blanket has been a challenge for me. I was almost finished with it and realized I had started out with a G hook and somewhere along the line I switched to an F hook. It's kind of funny now but it wasn't when I had to frog the whole thing. I had some minor mistakes on it at the start so I just ripped out the entire blanket.
Somewhere I read to use toilet paper rolls to wrap your yarn when you have to frog something so I tried it and it worked beautifully! I highly recommend this method. I still ended up with some tangles but managed to salvage most of the yarn. At one point I was going to throw all of it away and go buy new yarn because it was so frustrating but I muddled through and I'm glad I did. If my daughter didn't love it so much I would have said "forget it", but she won out and now it's almost done and I think I finally have the hang of it.
I'm looking forward to joining my beautiful squares together on the Oasis Afghan. I have the black Fabel yarn by Drops and I think it is going to be a really pretty afghan when I get it done. This one is just for me. It will be so lovely on my bed and the colors of all the squares made from the Drops Delight yarn are so yummy.
You may have noticed from my recent posts that I am anxious to try Tunisian Crochet. It looks like knitting and gives you a tighter fabric than crocheting does. Kim Guzman is the Queen of Tunisian Crochet, (see the new Spring Issue of Crochet Savvy magazine here . Kim is on the cover!) I have had my Denise hooks for a couple of years now and haven't made one thing with them. I also have Kim's book, Ultimate Beginner's Guide to Tunisian Crochet.
I can't wait to try some of the neat patterns she has in it. Kim has put up lots of videos on YouTube as well so I should, (hopefully) be able to learn how to do it! I'll keep you posted on how its going.
Well, that's all for now. I hope you all have a great week! Oh...by the way...the air conditioner got fixed yesterday so everything is "cool" now!! :)
Happy Crocheting!
About Schedule Storm
What is Schedule Storm? Schedule Storm is a multi-university schedule generator
that tries to find the best schedule given your criteria
What's Better About It? We wanted to make a schedule generator that was fast, expandable, customizable,
and with client side schedule generation that takes into account Rate My Professor ratings.
Want a specific lecture or tutorial with other generated classes?
Want to take into account RMP ratings and time slots?
Hate mourning classes and just want some consecutive mid-day classes?
You can do all of that with Schedule Storm
When you retrieve all the classes for a given Uni and Term, you get all the data.
The total size for an average term is around 350KB (gzipped), so it's about the same size as a photo!
When you're generating schedules or searching for classes, it is all done locally on your machine;
so you won't have to worry about it being too slow!
This week in Mountain View, Google held its first-ever developer conference for Project Ara. Developed by a small team within the company called ATAP staffed with ex-DARPA engineers and some of the brightest minds at Google, Ara is a mission to make a modular smartphone. It'd be the last phone you ever needed to buy, because you'd be able to swap out everything from the camera to the display to the battery, in order to always have the exact phone you want.
For ATAP and Google, the goal is to build a device that will make the smartphone accessible to the billions of people who can't afford iPhones and Galaxy S5s. There are huge obstacles everywhere you look, and ATAP is working on an incredibly fast timeline to turn Ara into a product people can buy — there's barely a year left to make it real. But if Project Ara works, if modular smartphones are more than just a Lego-lover's pipe dream, it could change the industry forever. New types of manufacturing, new ways of buying and selling phones, and new ways for consumers to interact with their most personal and most intimate devices.
The project is still in its infancy, but ATAP is finally showing what Ara might be. This is what it looks like.
Photos by Dieter Bohn
Like Timbaland and Drake Bell before him, Snoop Dogg decided to make an ass of himself on social media this week by sharing a photo on Instagram that refers to Caitlyn Jenner as a "science project." On Wednesday, the rapper posted a photo of Akon with text about Akon's new initiative to bring solar power to 600 million people in Africa. "I'm really upset that this isn't major news but [sic] that science project Bruce Jenner is," the text reads. Snoop Dogg accompanied the photo with a caption directing his followers to tune into his YouTube channel GGN for "some real news."
Obviously, many of Snoop's followers didn't take too kindly to his mockery of Caitlyn, because as has been quickly established this week, mocking and/or misgendering her is not a good look. "Disgusting opinion from a disgusting human," wrote one user, who noted that transgender people are often "bullied, beaten, persecuted, and murdered." Another called him a "transphobic asshole," while one defended Caitlyn as a "human being living comfortably in her own skin." None of this was enough to make Snoop change his mind, though, because as of Thursday, he hasn't made any further comments about Caitlyn.
If Caitlyn knows about Snoop's idiocy, she hasn't said, because her only social media activity of the day was a #TBT baby photo posted in honor of Brandon Jenner's birthday. Look at those cheeks!
Follow Eliza on Twitter.
While for most people, thoughts of Ireland are limited to wearing green and drinking too much beer on St. Patrick's Day, for those of us who think about tax policy, the country and its successes are worth pondering more than once a year.
Over the last three decades, Ireland has launched itself into the ranks of the wealthiest countries on the globe, and it has done so in no small part due to its enlightened tax policy. Its low tax rates on corporate profits have induced many multinationals to locate production, research and development, and other activities on the Emerald Isle. Microsoft, Google, Abbott, and Pfizer all have significant operations there, along with hundreds of other U.S. based corporations.
In recent years, several U.S. companies have gone one more step and merged with an Irish company and moved their headquarters there, in essence becoming an Irish firm. These mergers largely owe to U.S. tax law: Companies domiciled in the U.S. pay taxes in the countries where they earn their profits, and if they return those profits back to the United States they have to pay additional taxes to ensure that the effective tax rate the company pays on domestic and foreign income are the same. Virtually no other country still has such a provision and the high U.S. corporate tax rate makes that provision practically punitive.
Companies don't like to pay that additional tax since it puts them at a competitive disadvantage when operating in a foreign country, where its competitors need only pay the local tax rate. However, U.S. companies can avoid that second layer of taxation by never returning those profits to the U.S., which is a primary reason that U.S. corporations have nearly $2.5 trillion of profits parked overseas.
But a tidier way for companies to deal with this tax rate disparity can be to simply re-domicile, which allows them to move profits to the U.S. without paying the additional taxes. A number of companies have done such a thing in the last decade and the estimated cost to the Treasury is negligible, since that money would not have returned to the U.S. if the company had to pay taxes when it returned it. Right now, Pfizer is attempting to complete a merger with Allergan, an Irish company, and Johnson Controls is doing likewise with Tyco, another company domiciled in Ireland.
While Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois and others have characterized this maneuver as unpatriotic, arguing that U.S. companies that do such a thing are avoiding paying their fair share of taxes, they invariably fail to note that these companies are paying taxes on the profits earned in the U.S., nothing changes that tax obligation. What they are doing is avoiding the counterproductive U.S. tax on foreign profits not by parking their money abroad but by moving their domicile so that the money can return to the U.S. without any tax consequence.
The solution to the current tax conundrum is simple: The U.S. should reduce its corporate tax rate—which is the highest in the OECD—and at the same time end its worldwide-cum-deferral tax regime that assesses taxes on foreign-sourced income. Doing so would immediately end the financial incentives currently in place for companies to invert while spurring domestic investment, employment and economic growth.
While reducing tax rates on businesses will be framed as corporate welfare by Senator Sanders and his ilk, the reality is that corporate taxes are borne by workers—in the form of lower wages—as well as the customers and the shareholders. The notion that corporate income taxes are merely paid by some faceless corporate entity may comport with Senator Durbin's facile press releases but it's a nonsensical premise that ignores basic economics.
In the last two decades the rest of the world has radically transformed its corporate tax code in a never ending quest to encourage companies to boost investment, economic activity, and hiring in their countries, and the speed with which capital can move across the globe these days has only hastened this trend. The U.S. alone has failed to change its tax code to respond to the new economic realities of the 21st century. However, the notion that companies have no choice but to operate in the U.S. is outdated and dangerous to continue to entertain. An outdated tax code makes U.S. companies less competitive and has contributed to the lower productivity gains over the last decade, which is a primary reason for the lower long-term economic growth we've experiences in the 21st century.
Ireland isn't the United States: It's a much smaller economy and it sits on the edge of the European Union and its plethora of trading partners who enjoy duty-free access to its markets. However, we can still take a page from Ireland's robust growth and begin debating a wholesale reform of our tax code that makes it easier for U.S. businesses to invest, grow and compete both here and throughout the world.
Ike Brannon is the president of Capital Policy Analytics, a Washington, D.C., consulting firm.
On paper, the upgrades are staggering. The image sensor got bigger and more pixel -dense, the software more sophisticated, the aperture bigger, and the underlying algorithms – more refined. Oh, and did you know that the original Galaxy S didn't even have an LED flash? That's right, no night photography for you – at all. The Galaxy S5 is also a much more capable camcorder. It can record at resolutions of up to 4K UHD (3840 x 2160) versus only 1280 x 720 with the Galaxy S. Even the selfie camera got a nice bump.
In order for you to be able to actually spot the differences, we down-scaled the S5's 16-megapixel shots to 5-megapixels (the resolution of the Galaxy S' camera) and then got our hands busy cropping identical scenarios. While these 100% crops are representative in terms of the improvements in detail and noise levels, the included full-sized, original shots at the end of each gallery below should not be skipped over, as they also paint a pretty telling picture. Use those to get a better sense of the rift between the two sensor's dynamic ranges and color reproduction and don't rely solely on crops.
We'll stay out of your way and let you focus on the shots at hand – obviously, the Galaxy S5 is the undeniably better shooter, so if that wasn't made crystal clear so far, then here it is. Let's get cracking.
Outdoors
Let's start with a few outdoor scenarios shot during the mid-day. Improvements seen in multiple places, including panoramas, which are enormous on the Galaxy S5 in comparison with the Galaxy S.
Indoors
You're not always shooting landscapes outside. Perhaps even more often than that, you'll be snapping images indoors, where light isn't quite as abundant. This, in turn, tests the camera sensor of your phone . Let's see if and how much more sophisticated the camera of the much newer Galaxy S5 is in comparison with the Galaxy S.
Video
Lastly, let's check out the improvements in video quality. As previously mentioned, the Galaxy S5 can shoot up to 4K UHD resolution video at 30 framers per second (FPS), which means many, many times more details than the 720p, 30 FPS footage produced by the Galaxy S. Details aside, the camcorder on the GS5 is significantly better in areas such as noise reduction and color accuracy.
Conclusion
We expected no surprises going into this, and were met with none. That's a good thing, for it underscores the fact that improvements are still being made. Sure, the rate is slowing down as diminishing returns kick in, as they say – the last 10% require 90% of the total effort. It's probably safe to say that we have now entered that phase.
We often say that technology in the mobile industry is advancing at almost discomforting levels. Your single core flagship smartphone from several years ago sounds pathetic when put next to the upcoming beasts with Qualcomm's octa-core Snapdragon 810. RAM also went way up – from 512MB to up to 3GB/4GB. The same kind of jump is also true for display sizes and resolutions, internal storage, connectivity features, and, yes, also the camera. But as time goes by, and we continue reinforcing this notion of rapid improvements, we're more and more in need of an actual, real-world showcase of this supposed progress – and not just with numbers. Today we'll be doing just that by pitting the original (and quite ancient) Galaxy S flagship against the very current Galaxy S5.
Hello, and welcome back to The Best of Kickstarter Week Two on CrowdDistrict. In this series we want to present to you a weekly round up of successful and inspiring projects gaining serious traction on Kickstarter.
Eastwood Slider Belts
Eastwood Slider Belts are a new introduction to the fashion world. These Slider belts do not use Loopholes or notches, but instead use a slide-brake system that offers maximum waist adjustment. The Eastwood Slider Belt is a unique design that combats traditional belt design. These belts have a modern style, that allow complete custom fitting. The slide-break technology alls the belt buckle to freely slide through the buckle, locking at any point along the strap. This ensures a comfortable, custom fit every time. Designer Don Wilder offers three different colors for the Eastwood, Timberline, Sandstone, and Midnight Black. These three sets complete the stylish and functionality of the Eastwood Slider Belt.
THE STEAL: $55
Key-Valet
If you are one of those people who are having to repeatedly remove their car key from their keychain quite often, the Key-Valet is right for you. The Key-Valet is an all purpose key chain has the ability to hold and remove your car key with ease. The concept of the Key-Valet ironically derives from removing your car key from your key ring when leaving your keys with Valets or at parties. For many people, security is at the top of their list, and by removing your car key from the rest of your key ring set, you are eliminating the risk of key duplications, or theft. The Key-Valet and Key-Valet Classic plate keyholder are both very functional tools that solve this issue in the most convenient way.
THE STEAL: $13 for two Key-Valet Carabiners and $19 for the Key-Valet Classic keyholder
Onewheel
Onewheel is the new kind of skateboard that is crushing its Kickstarter campaign. The Onewheel is a self powering electric skateboard that is controlled simply by leaning your body. This unique device uses the motion sensing technology used in most smart phones along with the battery powered motor technology found in smart cars to deliver a powerful riding experience. By leaning forward, the Onewheel registers your weight as a command to move forward or go faster. To stop riders simply lean back telling the device to halt or go in reverse. The ride of the Onewheel is unlike skateboarding, but more in-tune to the feeling of surfing or snow boarding. This project has far exceeded their goal of $100,000 and currently over $316,000 pledged. This $300,000 mark has unlocked the Onewheel's stretch goal of integrating LED lighting to provide “ground effect” illumination. As it stands this is an incredibly sophisticated vehicle that is pushing the limits of technology and vehicular transportation.
THE STEAL: $1,299 for a Onewheel
Unsung Story: Tale of the Guardians
Unsung Story: Tale of the Guardians is a tactical RPG that covers the many chapters of a fantasy world called Rasfalia. The story follows heroes who battle against kingdoms and empires within the timeline of the “Seventy-Seven Years War”. Unsung Story is layered for a very divers gameplay filled with warfare, betrayal, and espionage. With the length of each hero's saga, creators Playdek and Final Fantasy XII's Yasumi Matsuno, are looking to fully immerse gamers into the detail and lives of each hero. Users are able to mold individual play and adapt their characters to each scenario they face. Out of sunny Carlsbad, California, Unsung Story is working up to their goal of $600,000 with just over 50% pledged thus far. The pledge goals are cheap and great, which is probably why over 9,400 backers have donated already.
THE STEAL: $20 for a Digital Copy
The Duo Coffee Steeper
The Duo Coffee Steeper has had an entertaining campaign so far. To begin, the Enormous Industries team has put together one of the silliest and more honest Kickstarter videos I have seen in a while. This video creatively breaks down the problem at hand, while also diving into the design, and team behind Duo. Thier goal, “ to design a product that makes it easy to brew ridiculously good coffee at home.” Simple, measurable, awesome. This team has spent over eight months working on their design and have blasted through over 50 different prototypes. The dedication, honestly, and hardwork as a backer makes me very confident in the Duo Coffee Steeper. The Duo Coffee Steeper's intend is to create a full brew of coffee without leaving any grounds in the bottom of your cup. This product can brew up to four cups of coffee without using a coffee filter or leaving coffee grounds in your cup. This team of elite product designers have explored hundreds of concepts and designs and have created a great final product, shattering their goal of $50,000 and raising over $130,000.
THE STEAL: $65 for your Duo Coffee Steeper
That concludes our round up for the Best of Kickstarter Week Two. Stay tuned for more to come, and please check out some of our other features here on CrowdDistrict. Also, if you liked this article and would like to see more, apply for residency and become a member of the CrowdDistrict community.
Fund More Everybody!
This article was written by Nick Warner of CrowdDistrict.
Oh, this is just too funny. Confirmation of how effective President Trump's strategy is against the media surfaced today as MSNBC's Katy Tur gets into a heated conversation with Congressman Chris Stewart.
Katy Tur claimed the media never said Trump campaign officials were in contact with Russian intelligence. Defending the media against Trump, Katy Tur said:
“I don't think any news organization actually claimed that there were direct ties between the Trump campaign and Russian spies”.
Seemingly oblivious to the past two months of media proclamations including the New York Times whose headline was: “Trump Campaign Aides Had Repeated Contacts With Russian Intelligence.” (Link)
.
The media has been completely knee-capped and can no longer report on intelligence leaks without confirming the position of President Trump. The media is now in a position of denying all of their previous reporting simply because President Trump has accepted their presentations and turned their reporting against the previous administration.
That's BRILLIANT.
Advertisements
Editor's Note: Red Baron has compiled this year's top prospects in three parts, which can be found by clicking on Part I, Part II, and Part III. The post below is a portion of those massive posts, focusing in on a single prospect at a time, which should make a search of any one prospect easier to find. All of our 2016 prospect coverage and write-ups can be found at the Viva El Birdos 2016 Prospects hub.
#5: Luke Weaver, RHP
Opening Day 2016 Age: 22
2015 Level: High A Palm Beach, Arizona Fall League
Relevant Numbers: 1.62 ERA/2.28 FIP (PB), 4.5% BB rate (PB), 5.3% BB (AFL), 20.7 K rate (PB)
So, what's so great about this guy?
The 2014 draft was an interesting one for the Cardinals, as in Dan Kantrovitz's last year running the draft the club chose five right-handed pitchers in a row to begin the draft, six pitchers overall before taking Darren Seferina in the fifth round, and ultimately using seven of the twelve picks they had in the top ten rounds on arms of one stripe or another.
It was not my favourite strategy, certainly, but it's also one that appears to be bearing fruit so far. We've already had one pitcher (Ronnie Williams, taken in the second round), appear in the top ten, with another (Austin Gomber, fourth round), just missing out on a spot in the top 20. Lefty strikeout artist Sasha Kuebel and hard-throwing cutter specialist Daniel Poncedeleon were both considered for the list, ultimately falling just short. And one of my personal favourites, Bryan Dobzanski, the former high school wrestling champ turned sinkerballer extraordinaire, has seen little time in proper games, but what action he has seen has been remarkably productive, and he's my best bet to jump onto this list next year, as it would seem he's ready to move up beyond complex ball and start pitching in earnest. I felt at the time of the draft the Cardinals overinvested in pitching, but the pitching they chose to invest in has, by and large, looked to be worth investing in so far. (Mostly.)
And now, coming into the top five, we have two more pitchers from the very top of the 2014 draft class to go, which speaks very well for the productivity of that year's crop. The first is Luke Weaver, the Cards' first-round pick that year, taken 27th overall out of Florida State. The other we'll get to in just a few moments.
At the time of the Weaver selection, I was very down on the pick. I much preferred Foster Griffin, a high-school lefty taken by the Royals one pick later who made it into full-season ball this year but has had mixed results so far, or Braxton Davidson, a high-school OF/1B type taken by the Braves at pick 32, who has shown iffy contact skills in pro ball, but also remarkable patience and above-average production overall. Weaver, I felt, was a huge injury risk due to an ugly delivery, and lacked the pure ceiling to push the risk/reward equation in favour of taking the player for me.
Since then, I've had little reason to change my mind on the risk aspect, as Weaver missed time early this season with vaguely-reported 'arm soreness', though to his credit he did end up throwing over 100 innings at Palm Beach this year, as well as nearly 20 more in the AFL at the end of a long first professional season.
On the performance side of things, however, Weaver has done his best to justify his draft slot and force me to at least take a second look at him. He was extraordinarily efficient in High A year, showing the kind of pinpoint command of the zone that one rarely expects even from a college draftee, as well as maintaining his reputation for having one of the best changeups in the minors, full stop. Sub-5% walk rates, even in the minor leagues, tend to get noticed pretty quickly. The fact Weaver's walk rate barely ticked up at all when he headed off to Arizona is further proof of both his tremendous control and absolute fearlessness, even when facing the best the minors have to offer, in a decidedly hitter-friendly environment.
Which, actually, brings us to the negative hidden in Weaver's numbers. In the brutal power-suppressing environs of the FSL, he challenged hitters, attacking them mercilessly with his fastball/change combo and simply daring them to try and hurt him. We saw how hard it can be to actually do that damage in Florida when we looked at Anthony Garcia's Palm Beach numbers in part two of this list, and the results for FSL hitters as a whole when facing Weaver were pretty similar. He allowed only two home runs all season, covering 105.1 innings pitched. Part of that, of course, has to be to his credit, as he got hitters to make weak contact. However, there's also the other, more concerning side.
In the Arizona Fall League, facing nearly the polar opposite conditions in terms of hitting environment, Weaver continued to pound the zone fearlessly. Unfortunately for him, things didn't work out nearly so well, as he allowed three home runs in just 19.1 innings, en route to a 4.67 FIP. We should adjust expectations a bit, considering it was the end of a long season, Weaver's first in professional ball no less, and he was probably a little worn down. Still, seeing such a stark contrast in results, while the approach appeared to have been exactly the same, might make one worry Weaver was at least partially a product of pitching in an extreme run-suppressing environment, and those numbers are going to change dramatically as he moves up to the Texas League unless he alters his approach.
Nonetheless, Weaver's first professional season was a rousing success, as he brushed up against 125 innings and looked damned good doing it most of the way. The outlook is still cloudy for me, as the mechanics and park-related concerns are both significant, I believe, but for now it looks like Weaver is another success story for the Cards' scouting department.
As for the stuff, Weaver pairs a lively, moving fastball in the 92-93 range that will occasionally range up into the mid-90s with a devastating changeup that has both deception and movement. He sells it beautifully with his arm speed, and then the ball just doesn't get there. It's good enough he can lean on it facing either opposite- or same-handed hitters, and rarely get beaten. Both he and Ronnie Williams have well above-average changes to my eye, with Weaver's having an edge right now, due to simply being more consistent.
At the time of the draft, Weaver's real lack of a breaking ball was a concern, as he had tried both a slider and cutter in college, with neither pitch really being all that effective. A year and a half after being drafted, there's still concerns about the breaking ball, although in general Weaver's switch to a curve at the behest of the club has been mostly positive. Even so, the pitch only flashes average occasionally, and half the time still looks more like a loopy slider. For as much aptitude and touch as Weaver possesses for changing speeds and slipping the ball, he has shown a real lack of ability to spin it.
If I'm looking into my crystal ball and predicting the best use of Weaver in the future -- not the most likely, but what I believe is the best -- I think a switch to relief is still the path that will lead to his greatest success. His aggressiveness within the zone, two 55 or better pitches but lack of a third solid offering, and high-risk arm action all say to me he could be a dynamic reliever, with the FB/CH combo perhaps playing up even more in short stints, while covering for his weaknesses. Both of my comps for him reflect this, in fact.
Player Comp: Hmm, let's see...fastball with good movement in the low-90s, occasionally ranging higher, dominant changeup, and a real lack of luck spinning a breaking ball. Optimistically, looking at a guy who managed a very nice career with those strengths and weaknesses, Tyler Clippard comes to mind. On the other hand, a player I feel is maybe even a better comp but shows how things can fail to work out so well, we have Anthony Reyes, whose name I hesitate to invoke, but is really a remarkable comparison to my mind.
via Eric Longenhagen:
Back in the good old pre-Internet days, politicians figured they could get away with pretty much anything. They'd repeat the same old well-debunked lies and constantly shape shift to suit a particular audience, but it was hard for voters to catch them in the act. There was no easy, reliable way for someone in Rock Island, IL, to know what a candidate said the day before in Spokane, WA, or the day before that in Miami.
Now that information flows at warp speed and in unlimited quantities, and it's possible to triangulate remarks and hold candidates to account, the Romney campaign, at least, still figures it can get away with pretty much anything.
In the final days before the election, the Romney campaign is running a radio ad that, as Andrew Sullivan put it, triples down on the lie that the auto bailout did nothing but create more jobs in China. Mr. Romney already tried that attack in a television ad that was immediately and widely panned but the Republican nominee is showing real fortitude when it comes to ignoring the truth.
Mr. Romney is also running an ad that repeats his absolutely false claim that Mr. Obama “gutted the work requirements” in the welfare laws passed under President Bill Clinton.
And in Pennsylvania, the Republican has an ad out declaring “I like coal,” which blasts the president as a coal hater.
But the campaign's cunning plan to fool as many of the people as possible all of the time isn't limited to ads. Off the air, Mr. Romney's surrogates are hard at work confusing anyone who'd like to know the candidate's positions.
On Monday, former Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota told a Jewish group in Beechwood, Ohio, that Mr. Romney would not seek to reverse Roe v Wade. I guess Mr. Coleman assumed that none of the people in the audience, or anyone else with access to a computer and the Internet, would remember that Mr. Romney has said explicitly that he would pick judges who would overturn Roe.
It's obvious that Mr. Romney is against abortion. He says he backs exceptions in cases of rape, incest, or when the mother's life is threatened. But he has also supported “personhood” amendments that would not only ban all forms of abortion, but some means of birth control. And Mr. Romney has said repeatedly that he intends to get rid of federal funds that support Planned Parenthood.
He and other politicians who lie are betting that voters won't punish them for it. We'll see if that theory pans out on Tuesday.
Officer Daniel Pantaleo, the cop who last summer choked Eric Garner to the ground and, with several others, held him face-down, killing him, not only still lives in Staten Island and works for the NYPD, but he has an around-the-clock security detail, and a department-installed surveillance system with a panic button to press should someone get past his armed guards, according to a report by the Daily News. Pantaleo is fighting an attempt to make his Civilian Complaint Review Board record public, and in a court filing he cited the release of some of his record as the reason for death threats he has received (as opposed to his killing of an unarmed man).
The Legal Aid Society is suing to get his disciplinary record released. A federal civil rights investigation into the killing is ongoing, as is an internal NYPD investigation, and a state probe of the lackadaisical response of emergency medical personnel. Revelation of Pantaleo's security detail comes less than a week after the New York Times reported that a grand jury witness had been scolded by Staten Island prosecutors for testifying that what Pantaleo did was a chokehold.
Michael Morell is the former acting director and deputy director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Robert Pape is a professor of political science at the University of Chicago and the director of the Chicago Project on Security and Threats.
Good facts and good analysis make good policy. They guide decision-makers toward effective policies and prevent us from acting on ideology or singular events. This is why every meeting of the National Security Council, across multiple administrations, has begun with an intelligence briefing.
What should the intelligence briefing look like at a hypothetical NSC discussion on President Trump's travel ban? It should address the current terrorist threat to the U.S. homeland as well as the implications of the travel ban.
On the threat, the briefing should draw on something like the detailed analysis being done by the Chicago Project on Security and Threats (CPOST), a research program associated with the University of Chicago. CPOST has studied the 125 individuals who in the past 36 months either were indicted by the Justice Department for Islamic State-related crimes or who would have been indicted had they not died perpetrating a terrorist attack in the United States or fighting for Islamic State on the battlefield in Iraq and Syria.
[The new immigration order: A disaster in the making]
The first point from the CPOST analysis that we would highlight at our hypothetical NSC meeting would be that the greatest terrorist threat comes from our own citizens who have been radicalized by the Islamic State's recruiting narrative. Of those studied, 81 percent are U.S. citizens, with 78 percent of them born in the United States. Another 11 percent are green-card holders — permanent residents. Only 8 percent are not U.S. citizens or permanent residents.
The judgment that the greatest terrorist threat to the United States now comes from homegrown jihadists is not new. It is a point that many terrorism experts have made over the past several years. Senior officials from the National Counterterrorism Center have repeatedly made this observation in congressional testimonies. The data from CPOST drive this point home.
Why is the terrorist threat not greater from foreign nationals traveling to the United States? The answer is that, since 9/11, the homeland and national security agencies have worked diligently to keep terrorists out of the United States. The extreme vetting that Trump talks about is already occurring. The travel ban would do little to further mitigate the threat.
Second, there is no rationale in the data to focus on the seven countries the president's executive order targeted.
A look at the countries of birth for the small share of those committing terrorist acts who were not born in the United States shows that 37 percent are from the seven countries. The other 63 percent came from six other countries in the Middle East and Africa, five nations in South and Central Asia, and three in Europe. So the travel ban, even if necessary to protect the homeland — which it is not — would be focusing on only a little more than a third of the problem from outside our borders.
(Reuters)
Third, there is often a significant time lag between those who enter the United States and the terrorist-related actions that they take. This means that these individuals do not come to the United States with the intent to commit terrorism but are radicalized by the same process that creates American-born jihadists. The hard truth is that there is no evidence that those born abroad are any more susceptible to radicalization than those born here.
[What ‘President Promise-Keeper' should say on Tuesday night]
On the implications of the executive order, we would make two points: First, that our relationship with one of our most important allies in the fight against the Islamic State — Iraq — will be undermined by the order and second, that the ban will be used by jihadist groups as a recruiting and radicalization tool.
These groups tell their followers that the West, led by the United States, is a threat to Islam as a religion and even that the United States is working to destroy Islam. The ban plays into that narrative. In the past year, terrorist videos have included clips of candidate Trump calling for a “total and complete shutdown” of Muslims entering the United States. In this way, the ban may, ironically, make the threat worse, as it may lead to more U.S. citizens being radicalized.
We applaud the Trump administration's focus on keeping Americans safe. But the facts show that the travel ban is bad policy. They also show that better policy would be to focus on defeating the Islamic State narrative that is infecting those already in this country.
Breathe a sigh of relief. The jobs recovery is still on track.
U.S. employers added 248,000 jobs in September, the most since June, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said Friday. What's more, August wasn't quite as lousy as last month's initial jobs report suggested: The government now says the economy added 180,000 jobs in August and 243,000 in July, a combined 69,000 better than previously thought.
Friday's figures don't necessarily indicate an acceleration. The economy has added 2.6 million jobs over the past year; that pace has picked up a bit over the year, but it's still too soon to know whether the economy has at last found a new gear. What is clearer, however, is that August's weaker growth was a fluke, not a real slowdown. Hence the sigh of relief.
Friday's report also showed the unemployment rate falling to 5.9 percent in September, the first time it's been under 6 percent since 2008. Other measures of joblessness are also falling: Fewer than 700,000 people report that they've given up looking for work because none is available, down from more than a million four years ago; the number of long-term unemployed, those out of work more than six months, is now under 3 million for the first time during the recovery; and layoffs recently hit a 10-year low.
Yet there is a key piece of evidence that the jobs recovery remains incomplete: Wage growth remains anemic — at best. Average hourly earnings fell slightly in September and are up less than 2 percent over the past year. That suggests companies can still attract and retain workers without offering higher pay — a sign there are still plenty of workers available.
Another sign: More than 7 million Americans are working part time because they can't find full-time work. Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen has cited that figure as a key reason that the Fed needs to keep trying to boost the economy by keeping interest rates low.
Friday's report, then, indicates that the job market is still recovering but isn't yet fully recovered. That's pretty much where we've been for the past three years. But at least September's rebound should ease fears the jobs recovery is losing steam.
Here are a few other observations from Friday's report:
Unemployment rate down for “good” reasons: As regular readers know, a drop in the unemployment rate doesn't necessarily indicate good news. That's because the government only counts people as unemployed if they're actively looking for work. If people stop looking, the unemployment rate will fall, but not because people found jobs.
This time, though, the drop is good news. The government each month asks unemployed people why they're out of work — did they lose a job, quit voluntarily or are they entering or re-entering the job market (for example, after graduating from school)? For the first time in the recovery, job losers make up less than half the jobless, meaning most of the unemployed either quit their jobs or are deciding to start (or restart) their job searches. That's a sign of confidence in the economy.
Concerns over job quality: One of the persistent questions in the recovery has been whether the economy is creating enough well-paying jobs. The monthly employment reports give only a limited window into that question — they don't break down hiring by how much the jobs pay or by job title — but we can get a hint by looking at which industries are adding jobs. In September, a quarter of job growth came from the typically low-paying retail, restaurant and hotel sectors. The better-paying manufacturing and construction industries, meanwhile, posted only modest gains.
Better odds for the unemployed: For virtually the entire recovery, more unemployed workers have left the labor force each month than have found jobs. In September, the two figures were almost exactly equal: 23 percent of jobseekers found jobs, and 23 percent stopped looking (the rest remained unemployed).
Watch for revisions: The upward revision to August's job gains was in some ways more significant than the September figure. That's not only because it should ease fears of a cooling job market but also because the revised figures are simply more reliable than the preliminary numbers; they're based on more complete data. That also means it's wise to take the September numbers with a grain of salt. They'll be revised at least twice before they're final. And as Friday's report shows, those revisions can go in either direction.
Budget Magic: $55 (20 tix) Standard Starfield Enchantress
by SaffronOlive // Jul 29, 2015 Tweet
budget magic video
Guuten takh Budget Magic lovers, it's that time once again. This week we are heading back to Standard for one of the most exciting Budget Magics in a long time: Starfield Enchantress. During Magic Origins spoiler season, one card immediately jumped out at me as — by far — my favorite: Starfield of Nyx. So far people have been trying to use Starfield of Nyx as a value card, getting back things like Courser of Kruphix and Doomwake Giant. While this is probably fine, I'm more interested in going deep and using the slow Replenish/Opalescence as a combo piece, or at the very least the centerpiece of the deck, Anyway, let's get to the videos and then we'll talk a bit more about the deck. Just a quick reminder — if you enjoy the Budget Magic series and the other video content here on MTGGoldfish, make sure to subscribe to the MTGGoldfish Youtube Channel to catch all the latest videos.
Starfield Enchantress Deck Tech
Starfield Enchantress vs Abzan Control
Starfield Enchantress vs Constellation Rally
Starfield Enchantress vs GR Ramp
* In the videos I play Windswept Heath in the Temple of Plenty slot. After testing, I'm pretty sure the scryland is just better than the fetchland in this deck, so the deck list reflects this change.
Where to begin with this masterpiece? First off, we are huge favorites against any sort of red aggro strategy because we have a crazy amount of life gain. We also boast a very strong matchup against Abzan Control; as you can see in the videos, we can literally grind our way through a Sorin, Solemn Visitor emblem, multiple Elspeth, Sun's Champion wraths, and several turns of Ajani, Mentor of Heros. Things get tricky against blue-based control decks where the only thing that matters is if we can resolve one of our five-mana enchantments. Since these type of decks usually don't have many (or any) ways of dealing with a resolved Sigil of the Empty Throne or Starfield of Nyx, once they hit the battlefield we are a huge favorite to win the game, but finding a way to sneak a five-mana spell through countermagic can be challenging.
The Deck
Starfield of Nyx is the entire reason this deck exists and after playing it for a bunch of matches, I can happily say it is quite the card. The one downside of Starfield of Nyx is that it is typically a bit slow, but when you build the rest of your deck to embrace the slowness rather than fight against it, this issue can be minimized. One half of the enchantment is almost an Overrun — we can play it on turn five though nine and immediately make our board full of enchantments into creatures (who basically have haste, since they were already on the battlefield) and either swing for lethal, or play defense, giving us time for the other half of Starfield of Nyx to take over. What do we do with the other half (the "return an enchantment to the battlefield" ability)? All kinds of fun things.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
While I might be slightly biased due to my love of drawing cards, recurring Eidolon of Blossoms is usually one of the most powerful things to do with Starfield of Nyx. I've literally had games where an opponent wraths our board leaving us with only a Starfield of Nyx in play and an Eidolon of Blossoms (among other cards) in the graveyard. Two turns later I had eight animated enchantments and ten 4/4 Angels swinging for lethal.
How did we make a flock of angels? Sigil of the Empty Throne of course. The five-mana enchantment is the finisher in our deck and while it doesn't impact the board immediately in most cases, if we untap with it we usually gain such an overwhelming advantage that the game ends within a turn or two. Unlike Eidolon of Blossoms which triggers when an enchantment enters the battlefield, with Sigil of the Empty Throne all we need to do is cast an enchantment to get a a 4/4 Angel token. All the counterspells in the world are not going to save our control opponents once we get a Sigil down.
Now we are not the only deck playing Eidolon of Blossoms or Sigil of the Empty Throne — various Abzan Constellation builds use the cards as a source of card advantage — but I'm pretty sure we are the best Eidolon of Blossoms/Sigil of the Empty Throne deck. The problem with the Constellation plan is they are playing a bunch of expensive and clunky creatures. Sure, drawing an extra card off your Doomwake Giant is nice, but that is typically all you are doing for your turn. Our deck is unbound by such problems because instead of expensive creatures, we are playing a bunch of cheap enchantments that allows us to combo off.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
As silly as it may sound, the Fonts are really the engine that drive the deck. Here's a quick list of all the things they do in this deck:
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
I have been continually amazed by just how good Nyx-Fleece Ram is in the current standard. If there is one card an aggro deck does not want to see on turn two, it is probably the sheep. And this isn't even considering the fact it survives Languish and stonewalls almost every ground threat in the format (including Siege Rhino). Plus it's not the kind of card you feel good about killing — I mean, spending a Hero's Downfall on a 0/5? Ugh. Seriously though, this is one of the better ways of stalling out the game until we get our big plays online and like our other inexpensive enchantments, it is passable in the late game since it is usually drawing cards and/or creating Angels when we draw it off the top.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Along with adding some more incidental life gain, Verdant Haven is another way of playing a Starfield of Nyx or Sigil of the Empty Throne a turn early. I tested a couple other cards in this slot, but the ability to go from three manas to five manas is really huge in our deck which is sort of overloaded at the five-slot, especially post-board when we bring in three more copies of End Hostility.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
What this deck really, really wants is a Sphere of Safety or Ghostly Prison, but Citadel Siege is as close as I could find in Standard. While it obviously doesn't do as much against go-wide aggro (which is fine because our various life gain effects are usually good enough to shut down these strategies), it is very good at locking down one big threat like a Siege Rhino, Dragonlord, etc.
The thing that surprised me was just how often I ended up setting Citadel Siege to "khans" (the +2/+2 counter mode) in our eight creature deck. Sometimes you get these odd draws where you have two Nyx-Fleece Rams and a Citadel Siege which necessitates loading up your 0/5s with counters and going aggro. On the other hand, the ability is not a "may," so I have also had instances where I was forced to grow my Eidolon of the Blossoms into a 4/4 only to have it die to Abzan Charm or Elspeth, Sun's Champion.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
I really wish we could play four copies of Banishing Light in the main deck but the card is so high variance (it is the best removal in the format when it sits on the battlefield but also a complete blow-out when it gets destroyed by an Erse or Ugin, the Spirit Dragon) it seems better to leave a couple in the sideboard.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
I started out with more copies of End Hostilities in the main deck because wraths seem super powerful in a deck with only eight creatures (and mostly expendable creatures at that), but ended up trimming back to one when I realized that even with our ramp, playing 10 five-drops is a bit clunky. When we are playing against aggro decks or creature-heavy midrange builds, we can usually trim a copy or two of Sigil of the Empty Throne and bring in more copies of End Hostilities in its place.
Fated Retribution is a concession to our weakness to planeswalkers. While seven-mana is a lot, being able to blow up an Elspeth, Sun's Champion along with all of her tokens is big game.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
These are all one-ofs in what I would consider flex-slots for the deck. None of them have been overly impressive, so feel free to test out other options, although I would limit your search to enchantments since we really want a critical mass of cards that work with Eidolon of Blossoms, Starfield of Nyx and Sigil of the Empty Throne.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Most of the sideboard is pretty self-explanatory, but I wanted to briefly mention Plummet. When I first started playing the deck I didn't have any copies in the 75. Then I lost an otherwise great matchup against red aggro to Stormbreath Dragon which we literally cannot beat since our Angel tokens can't block it, Banishing Light can't exile it, and Citadel Siege can't tap it. Plummet is the best answer I could come up with, plus it is good against other Dragonlords as well.
The Card We Don't Care About
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Dromoka's Command is the most common enchantment removal in Standard, and frankly it is horrible against our deck. We have some many meaningless enchantments (Fonts, Verdant Haven, Nyx-Fleece Ram) that we typically play around "sacrifice an enchantment" without even trying. If you are worried about it, just leave a Font on the battlefield as sacrifice fodder to defend your Sigils and Starfields.
Cards that are Annoying, but Not Deadly
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Getting one of our key pieces hit by targeted enchantment removal is annoying, but usually not enough to lose us the game (although Erase is slightly worse because we can no longer get back the enchantment with Starfield of Nyx). If an opponent is (for some strange reason) running a full set of either of these cards, things can get a bit harrowing, but a copy or two usually isn't a big deal.
The GGWP Card
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
When I was building the deck I knew that Back to Nature was in the format, but I didn't think anyone played it; then one of my Abzan Control opponents seven-for-one'd me at instant speed. At the moment Back to Nature isn't a huge concern, but if the popularity of all-in enchantment strategies pick up, we could see more and more copies showing up in sideboards, which might mean giving up on the deck all together or switching to Bant Enchantress for access to Dispels and Negates in the sideboard. Speaking of Bant Enchantress, if you think this deck is grindy, imagine the same foundation but instead of winning the game with 4/4 Angel tokens, you win the game by looping Font of Fortunes with a Sphinx's Tutalage on the battlefield — good times. If you are interested in exploring Starfield of Nyx further in future Budget Magics, let me know in the comments and maybe Bant Enchantress will make an appearance in the coming weeks.
Conclusion
Anyway, that's all for today. If you like grindy decks and want a good matchup against some of the best decks in Standard, give Starfield Enchantress a try; I don't think you'll be disappointed. If you have any comments or ideas for improvements (like what else could go in the flex slots), make sure to let me know in the comments. As always you can reach me on Twitter (or MTGO) @SaffronOlive.
That Pakistan is going hyper on developments in spheres of defence and security in India is becoming increasingly noticeable.
There could be multiple reasons for this — one being a joint China-Pakistan strategy to hype the negatives of rising India, another being of Pakistan deflecting from her own black deeds of promoting terror and shifting focus of the public from selling away Pakistan to China.
But then there also appears to be some genuine fears that are freaking out the Pakistani establishment.
Making a policy statement in the Pakistani Senate on the deployment of nuclear-armed missiles on submarines in the Indian Ocean, Sartaj Aziz, Adviser to Nawaz Sharif on Foreign Affairs, said that India's nuclear-armed missiles deployed on nuclear-powered submarines pose a threat to the maritime security of the Indian Ocean Region's (IOR) 32 littoral states, besides upsetting the strategic balance in South Asia. He added that Pakistan was considering a proposal for tabling a resolution at the UN General Assembly session later this year, calling for making the Indian Ocean a nuclear-free zone.
This is truly laughable as Pakistan's Shaheen-III nuclear missile itself covers areas of the Middle East and West Asia, including Israel. Besides, Pakistan is going ahead with deploying tactical nuclear weapons (TNWs) on her naval vessels. Making Indian Ocean a nuclear-free zone is a poor joke of Sartaj Aziz. Is Pakistan going to tell Chinese nuclear submarines to leave the nukes at home before docking at Gwadar and Karachi?
Aziz also said, “We are planning to highlight the dangerous implications of India's plans to nuclearise the Indian Ocean at all relevant international fora.” but what about Pakistan nuclearising terrorist outfits? Pakistan appears to be squirming because of India's recent nuclear-capable test of K-4 (SLBM) from INS Arihant, as part of the efforts to develop second-strike capability — a relevant reaction to Pakistan's perpetual nuclear sabre rattling and first-strike nuclear policy. This was followed by India testing ‘Ashwin', its advanced AD missile as part of the upcoming Ballistic Missile Defence (BMD) system.
The Ashwin missile firing was conducted as part of developmental trials. The interceptor was launched nearly three minutes after the target mimicking an enemy missile was fired from a warship anchored in the Bay of Bengal. The missile successfully demonstrated its killing capability, this being the 12th test of Ashwin. The Pakistani media stated that it was not known what the capability of the tracking systems linked with the Indian BMD are, but that it was a cause for concern for Pakistan as an effective system would to a certain degree negate Pakistan's strategic strike capability. It will compel the armed forces to counter it, a solution which would prove to be both expensive and time consuming, adding that India has once again contributed to an unhealthy arms race between the two countries.
Significantly, the F-16s are capable of carrying the B-83 nuclear bomb in toss bombing mode; entails pull up to a 45 degree climb angle 12 kms short of target, release the bomb and then roll off the top in the opposite direction for getaway — a fighter flying at tree-top height is almost impossible to intercept.
As per media reports, Pakistan has dumped the idea of getting F-16s from the USA now because of the costs involved, but it is reportedly considering buying ‘used' F-16s from Jordan — this may be a first in the used fighter jets market, akin to used cars. That ISRO too is a major cause for Pakistan getting shivers is obvious. India's GSLV Mark III project aimed at carrying four ton payloads, including future manned missions, got a boost with ISRO successfully test-firing on ground CE-20, the first indigenous high-thrust cryogenic rocket engine for more than its full duration. The engine design was totally indigenous and the fabrication of major subsystems of the engine was carried out through Indian industries. GSLV-Mk III is expected to make its first flight by the end of 2016.
Indian scientific advances, particularly of this nature, are anathema to Pakistan that has been bristling with jealousy all these years. Pakistan has declined Prime Minister Modi's offer to SAARC nations to benefit from NAVIC — India's satellite navigation system. It is amusing to note that Pakistan complained to the UN that India's draft of the Geospatial Information Regulation Bill is a violation of UNSC resolution on Kashmir. But then Kashmir is not part of Pakistan by the latter's own Constitution. But more importantly, the UN is aware that the entire state of J&K was acceded to India by the then ruler of J&K, Maharaja Hari Singh through an Instrument of Accession signed on 26 October, 1947, post massive Pakistan infiltration. Also, the Cease-fire Line (CFL) drawn under the 1949 Karachi Agreement was under aegis of the UN Commission. So, Pakistani objections have no basis.
Significantly, India did not object to Pakistan's 2014 Mapping Law that also regulates geospatial data, although some digital activists had raised objections on the side. Pakistan's ministry of foreign affairs issued a statement citing “serious concern” it expressed to UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and the UNSC President about the proposed Indian law. India has already clarified that the draft Geospatial Information Regulation Bill is applicable to Indians.
The latest of course is Pakistan crying hoarse that India, if given the Nuclear Suppliers Group (NSG) membership, will fuel an arms race, while China, mothering Pakistan, supports the Pakistani stand, saying it would touch a ‘raw nerve' (Pakistan's) and start a nuclear arms race.
China, of course, is furious that India has become a member of MTCR, which has been denied to China. Besides, China must pay back gratitude to Pakistan for letting PLA deploy on Pakistani territory. The US has already snubbed Pakistan on the issue with State Department Deputy Spokesman Mark Toner stating, “This is not about an arms race and it's not about nuclear weapons. This is about the peaceful civil use of nuclear energy, and so we certainly hope that Pakistan understands that”.
But getting back to the main issue, as Indian economy flourishes and India makes R&D advances in defence, Pakistan is likely to go broke or trying to keep pace especially when China doesn't dole out free lunches. The alternative of course is to become another Chinese province.
The author is veteran Lieutenant General.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
