Samsung introduced the Secure Folder feature with the ill-fated Galaxy Note 7 last year. It's a protected folder in which users can store files, media, documents, contacts and other personal content completely separate from all of the other content on their device. The Secure Folder does not open until the user authenticates their identity using the fingerprint scanner.
Samsung confirmed last year when it was running the Galaxy Beta Program for the Galaxy S7 that it would release the Galaxy S7 Secure Folder as a downloadable service after Nougat was released. The company started rolling out Nougat for the Galaxy S7 and the Galaxy S7 edge last month and now the Galaxy S7 Secure Folder app has surfaced online. We've tried it out and it works! You even get a quick toggle for Secure Folder in the notification shade.
The Secure Folder app is now available for download from our APK page, bear in mind that your handset needs to be running Nougat in order for it to work. You won't find a listing for this app on the Google Play Store or Galaxy Apps right now because it appears that Samsung hasn't released it publicly as yet. However, now that a build of the Secure Folder app for Galaxy S7 is floating online, it may not be that long before Samsung officially releases it.
More than a year after it won the quiz show Jeopardy! , IBM's supercomputer is learning how to help doctors diagnose patients
(Image: Ben Hider/Getty Images)
IT IS more than a year since Watson, IBM's famous supercomputer, opened a new frontier for artificial intelligence by beating human champions of the quiz show Jeopardy!. Now Watson is learning to use its language skills to help doctors diagnose patients.
Progress is most advanced in cancer care, where IBM is working with several US hospitals to build a virtual physicians' assistant. “It's a machine that can read everything and forget nothing,” says Larry Norton, a doctor at the Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center in New York, who is collaborating with IBM.
When playing Jeopardy!, Watson analysed each question in a bid to guess what it was about. Then it looked for possible answers in its database, made up of sources such as encyclopaedias, scoring each according to the evidence associated with it and answering with the highest rated answer. The system takes a similar approach when dealing with medical questions, although in this case it draws on information from medical journals and clinical guidelines.
Advertisement
To test the system, Watson was first tasked with answering questions taken from Doctor's Dilemma, a competition for trainee doctors that takes place at the annual meeting of the American College of Physicians. Watson was given 188 questions that it had not seen before and achieved around 50 per cent accuracy – not bad for an early test, but hardly ideal (Artificial Intelligence, doi.org/h6m).
To improve, Watson is now absorbing records – tens of thousands at Sloan-Kettering alone – of treatments and outcomes associated with individual patients. Given data on a new patient, Watson looks for information on those with similar symptoms, as well as the treatments that have been the most successful. The idea is it will give doctors a range of possible diagnoses and treatment options, each with an associated level of confidence. The result will be a system that its creators say can suggest nuanced treatment plans that take into account factors like drug interactions and a patient's medical history.
Watson will give doctors a range of possible diagnoses and treatment options to choose from
William Audeh, a doctor at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, who is working with IBM, says the last few months have involved “filling Watson's brain” with medical data. Watson is answering basic questions based on the treatment guidelines that are published by medical societies and is showing “very positive” results, he adds.
The technology is particularly useful in oncology because doctors struggle to keep up with the explosion of genomic and molecular data generated about each cancer type. This means it can take years for findings to translate into medical practice. By contrast, Watson can absorb new results and relay them to doctors quickly, together with an estimate of their potential usefulness. “Watson really has great potential,” says Audeh. “Cancer needs it most because it's becoming so complicated so quickly.”
The IBM system could also approve treatment requests more quickly. At WellPoint, one of the largest insurers in the US, nurses use guidelines and patient history to determine if a request is in line with company policy. Nurses are now training Watson by feeding it test requests and observing the answers. Progress is good and the system could be deployed next year, says WellPoint's Cindy Wakefield. “Now it can take up to a couple of days,” she says. “We hope Watson can return the accurate recommendation in a matter of minutes.”
For other uses, see Philip Morris
Phillip Morris (born April 4, 1959) is an American film, television and voice actor. He played Jackie Chiles in the NBC sitcom Seinfeld, John Jones in The CW series Smallville, Delroy Jones in Love That Girl! and voiced Doc Saturday in The Secret Saturdays.
Personal life [ edit ]
Morris was born in Iowa City, Iowa, and is the son of actor Greg Morris. He is also the younger brother of actress Iona Morris. He is a practitioner of Wing Chun under Sifu Hawkins Cheung.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Morris's first acting role was as a child when he appeared in the 1966-Star Trek episode "Miri". Star Trek was, at the time, shot at the same studio (Desilu Productions) that produced Mission: Impossible, where his father was working. He made his feature film debut in Star Trek III: The Search for Spock in a small role and later guest starred on Babylon 5, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and Star Trek: Voyager.
In the mid-1980s, he portrayed law student (later attorney) Tyrone Jackson on the CBS daytime drama The Young and the Restless. During a major storyline, his character used heavy theatrical make-up to appear Caucasian, in order to go undercover to expose an organized crime organization. In the 1990s, Morris played a recurring character, the Johnnie Cochran-inspired defense attorney Jackie Chiles, on the comedy Seinfeld. One story line as Chiles depicts him suing a tobacco company with great delight which rang true for the actor as his name Phillip Morris is also that of a major U.S. based tobacco company. Morris also co-starred in the TV remake of Mission: Impossible as tech wizard Grant Collier (son of Barney Collier, who was played in the original series by Morris's real-life father Greg Morris). He also said in an interview that he grew up watching the original Mission: Impossible, with series' lead Peter Graves, whom Morris came to consider his acting mentor. Through his childhood, Morris knew Graves' real-life children.[2] The friendship continued, until Peter Graves' death on March 14, 2010, which devastated Morris. He voiced the supporting role of Dr. Sweet in Disney's 2001 film Atlantis: The Lost Empire as well as its 2003 sequel, Atlantis: Milo's Return. He played one of Will Smith's college professors on the NBC show The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air and played Dr. Clay Spencer on the then-UPN television show Girlfriends.
In the January 25, 2007 episode of the CW television series Smallville, Morris portrayed the DC Comics superhero Martian Manhunter, which is a recurring but small character in the series. He reprised that role on the show's sixth-season finale on May 17, 2007, as well as the episodes "Bizarro" and "Cure" in the seventh season and the episodes "Odyssey", "Prey" and "Bulletproof" in the eighth season. He reprised this role in the ninth-season episodes "Absolute Justice", "Checkmate" and "Salvation".
As a voice actor, he portrayed the villains Imperiex on Legion of Superheroes, and as the Immortal Caveman Vandal Savage on Justice League and Justice League: Doom. He voiced W'Kabi in the animated series Black Panther. He appeared on one episode each of the series CSI: Miami and Seven Days. Though largely unnoticed, Morris also was the voice of Paul the Apostle in Zondervan's The Bible Experience. Morris also made a cameo appearance as Miles Dyson in photographs in the television series Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles. He provided the voice of the character Doc Saturday in the animated show The Secret Saturdays. He also played a major supporting role in the PlayStation 2 game Ratchet: Deadlocked, as Merc, one of the combat bots that accompany the main character Ratchet. He also worked as a voice actor on The PJs; according to Morris, co-creator and star Eddie Murphy didn't want to show up on some days to record the voice of Thurgood Stubbs, so the producers hired Morris to record Thurgood's lines, where he worked in a separate booth with the other actors, allowing the producers to replace Morris' recordings with Murphy's voice in case Murphy decided he wanted to record his dialogue.[3] He did several voices in the animated film Dead Space: Downfall as Hansen and Glenn. He played Delroy Jones on the TV One series Love That Girl!, Saint Walker on the Cartoon Network series Green Lantern: The Animated Series, and Ultra Richard on the Cartoon Hangover series SuperF*ckers.[4] He also voices Plank in the Sofia the First episode "The Floating Palace", Green Arrow and Hawkman in the film Lego DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League vs. Bizarro League and Vandal Savage in the film Lego DC Comics Super Heroes: Justice League: Cosmic Clash.
Filmography [ edit ]
Film [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
The ageing Tevatron particle smasher can still compete with the upstart Large Hadron Collider, says a committee of physicists that has recommended keeping the older accelerator alive for three more years. But its director has not yet endorsed the idea, which would delay other experiments planned at the lab.
The Tevatron, near Chicago, Illinois, has been crashing particles together since 1983.
It is officially set to shut down in September 2011, but a panel of physicists that advises Fermilab, the institution that manages the Tevatron, says it should be run until 2014, according to a report (pdf) issued on Wednesday.
It is still possible for the Tevatron to beat the LHC, based in Geneva, Switzerland, to spotting the Higgs boson, which is thought to endow other particles with mass, says Richard Van Kooten of Indiana University in Bloomington, who chairs the advisory committee.
Advertisement
And even if the LHC is first to see the Higgs, the Tevatron is more sensitive to studying the decay of the Higgs into fundamental particles called quarks. This decay process may be particularly helpful in elucidating how the Higgs generates mass, he says.
But it is not clear where the $150 million would come from to keep the Tevatron running for three more years.
Opportunity cost
“I do not support squeezing the funds for an extension of the run out of the rest of the high-energy physics community,” Pier Oddone, Fermilab's director, wrote in a commentary posted online.
Despite his support for extending the Tevatron, Van Kooten is keen to avoid cutting back on US participation in the LHC, as is Oddone. “That would just be shooting ourselves in the foot,” Van Kooten says.
He hopes the Department of Energy, the main funding agency for particle physics in the US, will boost its overall particle physics budget in order to pay for the extension. But that would mean cutting back on one of the agency's other priorities, like renewable energy research.
Meanwhile, an extension would delay Fermilab's other projects, including the Nova experiment, which is designed to help pin down the masses of neutrinos. That's because Nova would require the accelerator to be shut down and upgraded, a process that would have to be postponed by 1.5 years to enable the Tevatron to keep searching for the Higgs.
Van Kooten says the decision on the extension is now in the hands of Fermilab's management and the Department of Energy, and could take a few months.
Last Thursday I received an email from David Meier, Associate Advisor at the MotleyFool concerning Debt-Deflation.
David asked if I had any comments on his article Debt-deflation: Just the beginning? Here is a partial listing:
The debate rages on.
Is inflation or deflation the bigger threat? There are lots of people -- lots of smart people -- on both sides of the debate and they present lots of good arguments. One thing that I have not seen -- and maybe I just missed it -- was an analysis using Irving Fisher's debt-deflation framework. So I decided to put one together myself and to inject my understanding of what Bernanke is tried to do to stop deflation from taking hold.
The question I keep coming back to, especially as I read more about the situation Japan faced (I'm reading everything I can by Richard Koo, including his book "The Holy Grail of Macroeconomics."
And just to make sure I am not being one-sided, I am countering my fears of deflation with "Monetary Regimes and Inflation" by Peter Bernholz, which should arrive next week.
Without further ado, below is my research on debt-deflation.
Dave
price
Following the Footsteps of Japan
Psychology of Deflation Revisited
Bernanke's Deflation Preventing Scorecard
helicopter drop
Misunderstanding Japan's Lost Two Decades
Real Lesson of Japan's Lost Decades
Illusion of Stimulus
I know Christina Romer best for her misinterpretation of what happened in 1937-38. She believes that the fallback into full-scale depression from 'depression light' (as evidenced by unemployment in 1938 almost returning to the highest levels of the depression trough 32/33) is proof that it was a mistake to tighten policy (fiscal and monetary) too early.
In other words, according to her, if the Fed had continued pumping as furiously as possible, then everything would have been alright.
In reality, the entire inflationary mini-boomlet-within-the-depression was simply an illusion. 'GDP growth' that is bought with monetary pumping and feckless fiscal spending only misdirects and ultimately consumes even more scarce capital.
Fiscal stimulus may temporarily give the impression of a recovery, but it is not a genuine recovery. It makes things worse. The moment the pumping is abandoned, the true state of affairs is simply unmasked. That is what happened in 37/38 - a slight tightening of monetary policy revealed the fact that the mini-boomlet was as unsound as its predecessor boom in the years prior to the '29 crash.
It would not have been possible to hide this reality forever. There is nothing, absolutely nothing, that government intervention can achieve in terms of 'fixing' the economy. The choice was in either abandoning the unsound policy and the unsound investments it produced, or careen toward a complete destruction of the currency system.
Once again, I stand amazed at how people can look at this, and look at Japan, and look at the housing bubble/bust sequence, and still believe that monetary pumping and deficit spending are viable tools of economic policy when a bust occurs. It really boggles the mind, reminding me of Einstein's definition of insanity, 'doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result'.
Understanding Velocity
result
Spending Collapses In All Generation Groups
Uncharted Territory
Humpty Dumpty On Depression Conditions
Michael Shedlock has an awesome takedown of ECRI's claim that its indicators (a) have successfully predicted turning points in the past (b) point to a sold recovery now. I'd add that this is a really, really bad time to be relying on conventional indicators. Why? Basically, because in a zero-interest rate world — the three-month rate was .066% last I looked — especially one that's suffered from a collapse of the shadow banking system, conventional indicators don't mean what they usually mean. Increases in the monetary base aren't especially expansionary. The yield curve more or less has to slope up, even if no recovery is expected. And so on. So historical correlations, to the extent that they exist — and as Shedlock points out, ECRI is claiming a much better record than it really has — can't be counted on to prevail. There's really no alternative to making fundamental analyses of the macro situation.
Keynesian Model Broken Beyond Repair
The crisis policy devised by John Maynard (Lord) Keynes, which seemed to work well during World War II and in postwar reconstruction, met its nadir in 1975. Contrary to Keynesian theory, formalized in the Phillips Curve argument that inflation and mass unemployment are mutual trade offs, double digit inflation and record unemployment made further deficit spending an impossible policy.
Did The Keynesian Economists Give Up Their Theories Confronted With Japan?
Fantasizing In Academic Wonderland
fantasizing in academic wonderland
Fiat World Mathematical Model
Create a new character
Close the game down, and restart the Battle.net Desktop App
Reset the Password
Players who prepurchased Reaper of Souls before the script completed this afternoon will experience a delay in the delivery of their Wings of Valor. We've already developed a fix for this delay; however, we anticipate that the secondary script we'll need to run to get the wings delivered to everyone will not complete until tomorrow morning (Pacific Time) at the earliest. We don' t yet have an exact ETA to share for when the wings for these groups of players will be delivered, but we'll be sure to provide an update in this thread as soon as we do.
Players who digitally prepurchased Reaper of Souls after the script completed should experience no delay in the delivery of their Wings of Valor and can immediately redeem the item in-game. Similarly, any player who prepurchases Reaper of Souls going forward or claims a retail game key on or before March 31, 2014 will also be able to redeem the wings right away.
- We've received multiple reports from players who didn't think they had the wings but hadn't checked the mail/message icon that is visible in game in the lower left-hand corner. The Message will be titled, "RoS Preorder: Wings of Valor".Please keep in mind that you should be able to acquire the Wings as soon as the upgrade has been processed - with that said digital transactions can take upwards of 72 hours to complete. It doesn't usually always take that long for a transaction to process, but it can.If you upgraded over 72 hours ago, and are still not seeing the notification for the Wings in the mail/message icon - please try one or all of the following:If these steps do not do the trick for you, please reach out to us via our Support Portal . Thank you!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- For players who prepurchased early, your Wings of Valor are now in transit and should be delivered to everyone soon. Some of you may have already received your wings, for others it may take a bit more time.Once your Wings of Valor have been delivered, claiming them is easy. Simply log into the game on any one of your heroes and look for a small mail icon in the lower left of the screen (if you're already in the game, you may need to log out and then back in). Click the mail icon to open the delivery window, select the Wings of Valor, and then click "Claim." The wings will appear in your hero's inventory and can be equipped immediately by right-clicking on the item's icon.If you've purchased the game and have not received your Wings of Valor in the next hour or so, please respond here so that we can continue to troubleshoot.Thank you so much for your patience!-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hey everyone!Quick update on the Wings of Valor delivery.Early this afternoon, we ran a special script to award eligible players who have digitally prepurchased Reaper of Souls their Wings of Valor. This script completed this afternoon around approximately 5:00 pm PT. Shortly after this script was run, we uncovered an issue that affected the delivery of the Wings of Valor for certain players. As a result, depending on when you digitally prepurchased the game, you may or may not have already received your wings.Here's how everything breaks down:We sincerely apologize for this inconvenience and will be sure to keep everyone updated as we work to get you your sparkly spoils. Thank you to all those who submitted reports!
Google is constantly making changes to the Play Store layout, and these tweaks are often server-side. A new line here, a different dialog box there, and the experience changes. This time, Google appears to be testing a layout for reviews that takes away a dialog box when you leave a review. Instead, the review dialog is embedded in the page.
You can see the current style below for comparison. Basically, it looks like Google is toying with getting rid of the pop up for leaving reviews. The layout of that box was just tweaked last year, in fact. The new screens above do look much cleaner and more consistent with where Google is going these days. You may also notice there's just a single text field for the content of the review with no "title" space.
Current UI
No one on the team is seeing this UI right now, so we can't tell if there's anything else different. There's probably no way to force this UI to show up, so you'll just have to wait for Google to roll it out to everyone, if indeed that happens.
Financially speaking, the effects of the hacker attack on Sony Corp. cost the Japanese media conglomerate nearly as much as initial damage from the country's devasting earthquake and tsunami.
The consumer electronics giant estimated Monday that it will have spent $171.7 million this year to repair the damages wreaked by hackers who infiltrated its computers and accessed the account information of hundreds of millions of consumers who used its PlayStation Network and Qriocity online services.
By comparison, the earthquake and tsunami on March 11 caused an estimated $208.5-million hit on the company's profit for the fiscal year ended March 31.
Largely because of the earthquake, Sony said it would have to take a non-cash charge of about $4.4 billion for its fiscal year for deferring tax credits in Japan. Sony amassed the Japanese tax credits over the last three years and had expected to use them over the next several years to offset profits it had projected prior to the earthquake.
But the disaster crippled the Japanese economy for years to come, making it unlikely that Sony would be able to make a profit in its home country, at least for the next year or two.
The one-time write-off wiped out $1.2 billion in profit that the company would have made in the fiscal year that just ended.
As a result, Sony said it is likely to report a $3.2-billion net loss for the fiscal year when it posts its quarterly and annual financials Thursday. Sony also estimated that sales would be $88.3 billion, or $233 million shy of the forecast it issued in February.
The loss would be the third consecutive year in which Sony failed to post a profit. The year before last, Sony reported a $500-million net loss on roughly $88.5 billion in sales.
This fiscal year, which began April 1, Sony will face the additional challenge of recovering from a broad attack on its computers last month, which exposed the names, addresses and, potentially, credit card information for millions of customers.
Sony said it expected the cost of rebuilding its computers, paying for credit protection services for its customers and compensation to customers, including free products and services, would be $172 million.
The estimate does not include potential liabilities resulting from at least two lawsuits filed by consumers who claim to have been affected by the attacks. Sony said the cases were in "a preliminary stage," too early to determine their probable impact on the company's financials.
Shares of Sony fell 46 cents, or 1.7%, to $26.59.
RELATED:
Sony admits PlayStation Network user info compromised by hackers
Video games suffer second slump in 2010 as players curtail spending
Kazuo Hirai's promotion at Sony makes him possible successor to Howard Stringer
-- Alex Pham
Photo: PlayStation 3 console. (Sony)
Last year, Google began blocking the installation of Chrome extensions that weren't from the Web Store. However, it didn't affect Chrome's dev channels. Starting today, that changes.
Advertisement
Google claims that, since disabling non-Web Store extensions, they observed a 75% drop in requests for support uninstalling unwanted extensions. As a result, today they will begin blocking extension sideloading in the Windows dev channel, with Mac soon to follow, and “all channels” channels in July.
There are still ways to get around this block, however. Just like before, you can still install extensions manually through Developer Mode. They'll be disabled every time you restart unless you go through a rather annoying process, though, which still makes this a pretty big hit to Chrome users. Hit the link to read more.
Advertisement
Continuing to protect Chrome users from malicious extensions | Chromium Blog
It's time once again to enter that dimension not only of sight and sound, but of mind, as Syfy presents its annual favorite — the Twilight Zone New Years marathon. The Twilight Zone New Years Marathon 2012 begins at 8am ET on Dec. 31 and continues to 5am on Jan. 2 — offering 45 hours of classic episodes from Rod Serling's legendary series. Included are all the memorable ones you love — such as “To Serve Man,” “Time Enough at Last” (pictured below), “Nightmare at 20,000 Feet” and more — as well as many you may have never seen before, or at least not often.
RELATED: SYFY TWILIGHT ZONE NEW YEAR'S EVE MARATHON 2013 EPISODE GUIDE
The Twilight Zone New Years Marathon 2012 airs Dec. 31 at 8am ET to Jan. 2 at 5am ET on Syfy.
Here is a listing of the episodes being shown during Syfy's Twilight Zone New Years Marathon 2012. All Times are Eastern.
Which ones are you looking forward to?
Dec. 31, 2012
8am: “The Fever”
8:30am: “Perchance to Dream”
9am: “One for the Angels”
9:30am: “The Prime Movers”
10am: “Death's-Head Revisited”
10:30am: “What You Need”
11am: “The Jeopardy Room”
11:30am: “The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine”
12pm: “Long Live Walter Jameson”
12:30pm: “A Piano in the House”
1pm: “What's in the Box”
1:30pm: “Black Leather Jackets”
2pm: “A Nice Place to Visit”
2:30pm: “The 7th is Made up of Phantoms”
3pm: “King Nine Will Not Return”
3:30pm: “Mr. Denton on Doomsday”
4pm: “The Shelter”
4:30pm: “Night of the Meek”
5pm: “It's a Good Life”
5:30pm: “Probe 7, Over and Out”
6pm: “A Kind of Stopwatch”
6:30pm: “Little Girl Lost”
7pm: “Will the Real Martian Please Stand Up?”
7:30pm: “Eye of the Beholder”
8pm: “The Invaders”
8:30pm: “Where is Everybody?”
9pm: “The Hitch-Hiker”
9:30pm: “To Serve Man”
10pm: “Nightmare at 20,000 Feet”
10:30pm: “Living Doll”
11pm: “The Masks”
11:30pm: “I Sing the Body Electric”
Jan. 1, 2013
12am: “The Midnight Sun”
12:30am: “Stopover in a Quiet Town”
1am: “Long Distance Call”
1:30am: “The Old Man in the Cave”
2am: “The After Hours”
2:30am: “Mr. Bevis”
3am: “Twenty Two”
3:30am: “The Grave”
4am: “Night Call”
4:30am: “Judgment Night”
5am: “Nightmare as a Child”
5:30am: “The Four of Us Are Dying”
6am: “The Silence”
6:30am: “I Shot an Arrow into the Air”
7am: “In Praise of Pip”
7:30am: “Uncle Simon”
8am: “Queen of the Nile”
8:30am: “A World of His Own”
9am: “Mr. Garrity and the Graves”
9:30am: “A Thing About Machines”
10am: “The Last Rites of Jeff Myrtlebank”
10:30am: “Hocus-Pocus and Frisby”
11am: “A Short Drink from a Certain Fountain”
11:30am: “The Arrival”
12pm: “Escape Clause”
12:30pm: “And When the Sky Was Opened”
1pm: “The Hunt”
1:30pm: “People Are Alike All Over”
2pm: “Caesar and Me”
2:30pm: “The Odyssey of Flight 33”
3pm: “A Penny for Your Thoughts”
3:30pm: “Third from the Sun”
4pm: “The Little People”
4:30pm: “Nick of Time”
5pm: “Number 12 Looks Just Like You”
5:30pm: “A Hundred Yards Over the Rim”
6pm: “A Most Unusual Camera”
6:30pm: “Five Characters in Search of an Exit”
7pm: “A Stop at Willoughby”
7:30pm: “The Monsters are Due on Maple Street”
8pm: “The Howling Man”
8:30pm: “Time Enough at Last”
9pm: “The Bewitchin' Pool”
9:30pm: “Kick the Can”
10pm: “The Obsolete Man”
10:30pm: “The Dummy”
11pm: “Dead Man's Shoes”
11:30pm: “A Game of Pool”
Jan. 2, 2013
12am: “The Rip Van Winkle Caper”
12:30am: “I Am the Night — Color Me Black”
1am: “Walking Distance”
1:30am: “Ring-a-Ding Girl”
2am: “Mr. Dingle, the Strong”
2:30am: “The Lonely”
3am: “Two”
3:30am: “The Brain Center at Whipple's”
4am: “The Last Flight”
4:30am: “The Purple Testament”
The Democratic Party is in shambles after losing the 2016 election, and now more than ever, we need a new progressive vision for the DNC. The person who can bring that vision is Representative Keith Ellison.
Many of us are skeptical of the DNC — and rightfully so — thanks to their treatment of Bernie Sanders in the presidential primary. I was just as heartbroken and angry as any. But at the end of the day, we simply cannot give up on the party altogether. That would lead to even more disastrous losses at the hands of the GOP.
Instead, we must do everything we can to reform the party from within. Bernie Sanders has already done much of the work, and he is now one of the most powerful Senators in America. Elizabeth Warren has a similar amount of influence. And our grassroots army is bigger and better than any big-donor support base the Democratic Establishment can conjure up.
Right now, we have an opportunity to make leaps and bounds toward reforming the DNC in a significant way.
One way we can do that is by convincing the Democratic elites to give up on the same old, same old method of big-dollar fundraising and out-of-touch organizing strategies. Rather than cozying up to establishment insiders, the Democratic Party must embrace this powerful progressive movement by electing someone like Keith Ellison as their chairman. If this happens, the DNC will fundamentally change for the better.
That's why we've set up this pledge to show the DNC what they'll be missing out on if they choose anybody but Keith. Pledge to donate to Keith Ellison, but only if he becomes chair. Your card won't be charged unless he wins.
The devastating losses in 2014 and 2016 should be a wake-up call for the Democratic establishment. And the record-breaking support that Bernie Sanders received is even more evidence that we must adapt in order to defeat the Republicans in 2018. We have a unique opportunity to show the DNC that they can raise BIG MONEY from small donors, and I want you to help us send that message.
Make a pledge to donate to the DNC today if — and only if — Keith Ellison becomes chair. Your card will only be charged if he wins.
I've learned the hard way that having too much confidence and hope in the Democratic establishment will often lead to disappointment. But at this point in our journey, we must keep fighting. We have no choice. And this is a way we can show the DNC just how powerful the progressive wing — the people's progressive wing — can be as long as the party learns to stop closing the door in our faces.
Please make a pledge today and share our page! People like you and me have already pledged a total of $15,000, and we can make that number even bigger.
[JURIST] A federal judge on Friday ruled [opinion, PDF] that a new licensing exam for teachers in the state of New York did not discriminate against minorities. Kimba M. Wood [official profile] of the US District Court for the Southern District of New York [official website] said in his ruling that even though minority teachers tended to score lower on the test than other teachers, the test was a proper evaluation of the skills necessary to perform the job. The test, called the Academic Literacy Skills Test (ALST) [official website], was first given in 2013 and tests teachers' abilities to read and write, as well as their ability to master the Common Core standards for English. Some schools complained that the too many African American and Hispanic teachers were failing the test, as only 41 percent of African Americans and 46 percent of Hispanics passed. However, Judge Wood stated that the test was fair and that the “content of the ALST is representative of the content of a New York State public-school teacher's job.” The ruling is a departure from Wood's earlier decisions [NYT report] in which she ruled against exams.
Education related issues have continued to generate controversy in the US in recent years. In July the US Senate passed a bill [JURIST report] to revamp the controversial 2001 No Child Left Behind Act. The bill comes as part of an effort to overhaul the old law and give more flexibility to states in setting their own standards for student and school performance. In June the US District Court for the District of Columbia ruled [JURIST report] in favor of tight regulations pointed at the for-profit college industry. The court ruled that the Education Department has the right to demand that schools show that their graduates are financially dependent enough to repay their student loans. In January Arizona Governor Doug Ducey signed legislation [JURIST report] that will require all Arizona High School students to take and pass the US Citizenship test before they are able to graduate, beginning in the 2016-17 school year.
The surprising procedure call last week on Hamilton Tiger-Cats centre Mike Filer came as a shock to almost everyone watches. That call – and Hamilton head coach Kent Austin's unfortunate reaction – led to a last-second Saskatchewan Roughriders win over Filer and the Ticats. But did the CFL referees make the right call?
The crucial fact to look at is that Hamilton Mike Filer moved the ball forward before snapping it. The rule books (whether you look at the CFL or Canadian Football rules) are clear: the centre can adjust the ball before snapping it, but cannot move it forward.
However, many examples were called up immediately to show that the call isn't applied consistently. I discussed the issue with Steven Wilson, a referee with three years' experience with Weyburn Minor Football (follow Steven at @Steve_in_sask.)
Wilson agreed that the call depends heavily on the officials' discretion. “As it is something a player could do subconsciously, or as a matter of habit, generally, if seen on a first down, the official would mention it to the center,” he suggested. “Subsequent times, a flag would be thrown. On a third downplay, it would definitely be flagged.”
In the game in question, Wilson did wonder whether the rule was applied fairly. “It was a close game, Hamilton looking to take the lead, third and inches. Without the call, a blown call means Saskatchewan loses through a missed penalty.”
However, the consistency of whether the penalty is called is a factor as well. “If it happened multiple times during the game and wasn't called, Hamilton had a right to be upset,” Wilson added.
But why make such a big deal out of it? The center is going to snap the ball back anyway – does a couple of inches forward make any real difference? “Centers are always looking for an advantage,” Wilson pointed out. “The rule itself appears to be designed to prevent a small movement of the ball, with the chance of a ‘bobbled' snap helping the offence get the easy first down.”
So the call wasn't completely unjustified; the real question is whether the refs were calling it consistently. CFL referees will need to tighten up on these outlier penalties to maintain the trust of fans – or risk throwing more close games into confusion and doubt.
Guests: The Kid Mero The Kid Mero Guests: Desus Nice Guests: Walter Murch
New to Bullseye? Subscribe to our podcast in iTunes or with your favorite podcatcher to make sure you automatically get the newest episode every week.
Ray Suarez guest hosts this week.
Photo: Theo Wargo/Getty Images
Desus Nice and The Kid Mero on their new Viceland TV show Desus & Mero
Desus and Mero have worked together since 2013 when they started their first podcast Desus vs. Mero but have actually known each other since going to summer school together in The Bronx. Both Mero and Desus have huge Twitter followings, where they first cultivated a rapport. Eventually, they transferred it to podcasting. After their first podcast ended, they started The Bodega Boys which has a similar vibe and is everything that makes podcasts great; improvised, diverse, hilarious, and irreverent. Their success in podcasting has lead to Vice tapping them to host their flagship late-night show on Viceland, the new television network. It's called Desus & Mero, of course.
In for Jesse Thorn, public media legend Ray Suarez talk with Desus and Mero about their new TV show and the differences between being funny on Twitter and producing a TV show or podcast. They tell us why they talk about race so much, and give us a look into what it was really like to grow up in Bronx in the 1980's.
You can watch Desus & Mero weeknights at 11 p.m. on Viceland. You can also find The Bodega Boys podcast on iTunes or wherever you download podcasts.
Photo: Vittorio Zunino Celotto
Walter Murch talks sound and film editing and the new book about him, Waves Passing in the Night
Three time Academy Award winning sound designer and film editor Walter Murch has been a part of Hollywood scene for over 50 years. One of his most frequent collaborators is Francis Ford Coppola - he worked on Apocalypse Now and The English Patient. In his free time, though, he does something completely different: astrophysics. He's particularly mesmerized by Bode's Law, the almost 250 year old theory that explains the spacing and orbit of the planets. Murch is the subject of Lawrence Weschler's new book Waves Passing in the Night, which chronicles Murch's education in astrophysics.
Murch tells Ray about how the move from analog to digital machines changed the game, his obsession with science and astrophysics, and what he learned about sound editing from Marlon Brando.
Waves Passing In The Night is out now.
The Outshot: The Young Pope
Photo: HBO
Ray tells us why the HBO limited series The Young Pope is so surprisingly captivating.
Update: Roku has confirmed that the new YouTube channel supports 1080p streaming and will be available on additional models next year.
Listen up, Roku owners. Google launched a YouTube app today for the Roku 3 set-top streaming player in the US, Canada, UK and Republic of Ireland, offering a straightforward means of watching the latest viral clips and catching up with your favorite channels on a large-screen TV.
The search giant announced the release over on the YouTube blog, but refrained from giving too many details about its design and features. We know it'll support HD streaming in some capacity – hopefully up to 1080p resolution – and Send to TV, which lets you transform a smartphone or tablet into a remote.
It's strange to think that YouTube wasn't available on the Roku platform before, but at least the problem has now been remedied. The Roku 3 is the company's flagship set-top box, but hopefully the new YouTube app will make its way onto lower-end Roku models too, such as the Roku 1, 2 and LT, in the near future.
➤ Surprise! YouTube is now on Roku
Read next: Twitter for BlackBerry 10 update brings BBM integration, photo previews and more
Baggage handlers, caterers, engineers and maintenance staff will undergo random testing for explosives in a new security crackdown, but Nick Xenophon says the changes are a “joke” that do not go far enough.
The federal government announced the new measures on Sunday, just months after an alleged plot to smuggle an explosive on to an international flight from Sydney Airport was foiled.
The transport minister, Darren Chester, said the new checks strengthen existing controls by ensuring airport staff are authorised and appropriately trained before entering secure areas. They may also be checked while working.
Privacy concerns voiced over photo database link to real-time surveillance Read more
“Airport workers, together with their vehicles and belongings, will be randomly selected for explosive trace detection testing and other screening when entering or working in secure airside areas at major airports,” Chester said on Sunday. “Other measures being introduced include stronger access controls and additional security awareness training for aviation workers.”
Pilots, terrorism experts and the Transport Workers Union have lobbied for strengthened screening of workers including casual staff and sub-contractors.
The move to beef up security comes after authorities claimed to have foiled an alleged terrorist plot in which a military grade explosive was stashed inside luggage to be put on a 15 July flight from Sydney to Abu Dhabi.
Chester said the new rules would be implemented progressively to provide flexibility for airports.
But Xenophon said the changes were a “joke” that do not go far enough. The senator wants a US-style agency to be responsible for airport security and vowed to pursue the matter during Senate estimates this week.
“Australian aircraft passengers deserve the world's best practice when it comes to security but the government's measures fall well short of it,” Xenophon said. “In countries like the US, all airport staff are required to be screened. Our government's approach to random inspections is a joke.
“Systems of checking can be easily bypassed. People with evil intent can be tipped off by mates and avoid random screening.”
The prime minister, Malcolm Turnbull, announced earlier in the month that facial-recognition technology would be enhanced up as a counter-terrorism measure.
State governments agreed with the changes, along with new commonwealth offences for terrorism hoaxes and the possession of the instructional terrorist material.
TONY Abbott's freeze on politician's pay could be set to thaw with the Remuneration Tribunal preparing to consider a pay rise for federal MPs already earning $195,130-a-year.
The Prime Minister, who earns $500,000-a-year, froze the pay of all politicians in the 2014 budget arguing that all Australians including politician's and top public servants needed to make a contribution to repairing the budget deficit.
The decision had the backing of the Remuneration Tribunal that had already decided not to grant a pay rise based on current economic conditions.
But now the, Remuneration Tribunal has confirmed it is preparing to consider whether MPs should be awarded their first pay rise since 2013.
“The 2015 annual review of remuneration for office holders within the tribunal's jurisdiction, including parliamentarians, is on its schedule for this half of the calendar year,'' a spokeswoman told The Sunday Telegraph.
“The tribunal will release a statement on its website detailing any decision it makes on this matter, including its reasons, when a decision is made.''
In March, the Tribunal deferred an expected decision on a pay hike on the grounds that it needed to consider the outcome of the 2014-15 Annual Wage Review of the Fair Work Commission in June.
“Economic indicators and commentary over the past 12 months confirm that the wages environment is challenging and has slowed. It appears likely that this will continue, with general wage movements in the 2-3 per cent range or potentially lower,'' the Tribunal said.
media_camera When then Prime Minister Kevin Rudd froze politician's pay in 2008 Mr Abbott suggested that he could afford to as his wife Therese Rein was a millionaire.
Politician's last pay increase in 2013 pay followed a string of extraordinary pay hikes that boosted MPs salaries by $50,000 in just 18 months. The $1000 a week pay hike for backbenchers was designed to compensate for the loss of perks including global study trips and reforms to the Gold Pass for retired members that awards MPs free flights.
In 2008, Kevin Rudd froze politician's pay for 18 months citing the global financial crisis. At the time, Mr Abbott complained bitterly about the $90,000 pay cut he had already suffered after the Liberals lost government suggesting Mr Rudd could afford to freeze pay because his wife Therese Rein, was a millionaire.
“It's all very well for politicians who have other sources of income or who have very high income from their spouses,” Mr Abbott said.
“It will also allow the Tribunal to consider the Federal Government's Budget outlook, a range of additional indicators including further Wage Price Index releases from the ABS and data on movements in both private and public sector executive remuneration which are produced annually,'' the Tribunal said.
The 2014 pay freeze cost Mr Abbott personally around $16,000 in combined tax increases and pay cuts because of the introduction of the deficit levy that hit higher income earners.
Independent Senator Nick Xenophon has previously suggested the system is “a joke'' with politician's reserving the right to freeze pay when they wanted but arguing pay rises were the decision of the independent Remuneration Tribunal.
On the “Stand in the Gap” radio program last week, Sam Rohrer and Gary Dull of the American Pastors Network interviewed an anti-Islam activist named IQ al Rassooli about the terrorist attack on a gay nightclub in Orlando earlier this month, which al Rassooli asserted occurred because the shooter, Omar Mateen, was gay (a claim which the FBI disputes) and was seeking to appease Allah in hopes that Allah would make him straight in the afterlife so he could enjoy his 72 virgins.
Every Muslim, al Rassooli proclaimed, supports violent jihad and those who claim that they do not — like President Obama — are simply lying. Anyone who cannot see that, al Rassooli said, belongs in a “mental asylum.”
“You know what you have to do?” al Rassooli asked. “You have to close every single mosque. You have to remove every single imam. You must not allow sharia. You must not allow hijab … This is exactly what needs to be done.”
Polls purporting to show that many Muslims do not support the imposition of Sharia are false, he asserted, because those who insist they don't are simply engaging in taqiyya.
“Every Muslim wants Sharia,” al Rassooli declared. “The 49 percent [who say they don't] didn't want to tell whoever is asking the question that they support Sharia. It's a deception, it's called taqiyya. Taqiyya is Islamic sanctified religious deception. What do you think Obama is? Obama is all about taqiyya. He lies to protect Islam. Eight years he has been lying to protect Islam. Eight years. This is called taqiyya.”
TL;DR
Compressed file extraction with insecure code vulnerable to path traversal in Python can result in arbitrary code execution by overwriting __init__.py
One of the easiest ways to achieve code execution in PHP is by exploiting insecurely written file upload handling logic. If you are able to upload arbitrary PHP files by fooling the file upload logic, you can execute arbitrary PHP code. But when it comes to modern web frameworks written in Go, Node.js, Python, Ruby etc. it's a different story. Even if you managed to upload a .py or .js file to the server, requesting this resource via a URL often won't return anything as the route or URL is not exposed by the application. Even if you are able to access the resource by URL, it won't trigger any code execution as it's treated as a static file and just returns plain text source code. This post will explain how to get code execution in one such scenario in Python when you are able to upload compressed files to the server.
Application security rule of thumb is never to trust user input. Don't just limit that concept to RAW HTTP request object that include query params, post body, files, headers etc. Carefully crafted compressed files that look legit upon extraction can do bad things if it's handled by insecure code. This post is inspired from a Security Bug reported to MobSF and tries to cover the technical aspects of the vulnerability and exploitation. Let's take a look into the insecure code.
def unzip(zip_file, extraction_path): """ code to unzip files """ print "[INFO] Unzipping" try: files = [] with zipfile.ZipFile(zip_file, "r") as z: for fileinfo in z.infolist(): filename = fileinfo.filename dat = z.open(filename, "r") files.append(filename) outfile = os.path.join(extraction_path, filename) if not os.path.exists(os.path.dirname(outfile)): try: os.makedirs(os.path.dirname(outfile)) except OSError as exc: # Guard against race condition if exc.errno != errno.EEXIST: print "
[WARN] OS Error: Race Condition" if not outfile.endswith("/"): with io.open(outfile, mode='wb') as f: f.write(dat.read()) dat.close() return files except Exception as e: print "[ERROR] Unzipping Error" + str(e)
This is a fairly simple python code to extract a zip file and return the list of files in the archive. The zip file comeS to the server after a file upload operation and is sent to unzip() for extraction. If you look at this line
outfile = os.path.join(extraction_path, filename)
You can see that filename variable is controlled by the user. If we set the value of filename to ../../foo.py
>>> import os
>>> extraction_path = "/home/ajin/webapp/uploads/"
>>> filename = "../../foo.py"
>>> outfile = os.path.join(extraction_path, filename)
>>> outfile
'/home/ajin/webapp/uploads/../../foo.py'
>>> open(outfile, "w").write("print 'test'")
>>> open("/home/ajin/foo.py", "r").read()
"print 'test'"
By abusing path traversal, we are able to write the file to arbitrary location. In this case into /home/ajin instead of /home/ajin/webapp/uploads/
Arbitrary Code Execution
We are able to write python code to arbitrary location. Now let's see how we can execute it.
Consider this sample vulnerable application written in Python Flask. We will make use of __init__.py in Python to achieve code execution. The docs say
The __init__.py files are required to make Python treat the directories as containing packages; this is done to prevent directories with a common name, such as string , from unintentionally hiding valid modules that occur later on the module search path. In the simplest case, __init__.py can just be an empty file, but it can also execute initialization code for the package or set the __all__ variable, described later.
So if we can overwrite __init__.py file with arbitrary Python code inside a directory of the web application that act as a package, then we can achieve code execution if that package is imported by the application. For our code to execute, a server restart is required in most case. But in this example we are running a Flask server with debug set to True which means every time a Python file is changed, the server will do a restart.
Crafting the Payload
The vulnerable web app has a directory called config. There is already __init__.py and settings.py in this directory. The main server file server.py imports settings.py from config directory, which means if we can write code into config/__init__.py , we will be able to achieve code execution. We can craft the payload using the following code:
import zipfile z_info = zipfile.ZipInfo(r"../config/__init__.py") z_file = zipfile.ZipFile("/home/ajin/Desktop/bad.zip", mode="w") z_file.writestr(z_info, "print 'test'") z_info.external_attr = 0777 << 16L z_file.close()
If you look into the file upload code, you can see that the file uploads are extracted into uploads directory. We can create a malicious filename with zipfile.ZipInfo(). Here we give the filename as ../config/__init__.py to overwrite __init__.py inside config directory. z_info.external_attr = 0777 << 16L will set the file permission to read and write by everyone. Let's create a zip file and upload it to the vulnerable web app.
We can see that the Flask app reloads and the server console prints test. Our code execution is successful.
Exploiting Realworld Applications
In this example, the arbitrary code executed instantly as the Flask server was running on debug mode. This may not be the case elsewhere. You might need to wait until the server is restarted. Another problem is that we don't always know the package directory like config in this case. It's easy with an open source project where you have access to the source code. For closed source applications, you can take a good guess for package directories like conf, config, settings, utils, urls, view, tests, scripts, controllers, modules, models, admin, login etc. These are some of the common package directories found in some Python web frameworks like Django, Flask, Pyramid, Tornado, CherryPy, web2py etc.
Alternatively, let's say the web application is running inside Ubuntu Linux. The installed and inbuilt Python packages will be available under: /home/<user>/.local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip . Assuming that the app is running under user directory, you can craft a filename like ../../.local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/__init__.py . Upon extraction, this creates __init__.py file inside pip directory. If the app is using virtualenv and let's say the virtualenv directory is venv , you can use a filename like ../venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/__init__.py . They will brick pip, but next time someone run pip command in the server, your code will execute!
Video Demonstration
Prevention
To prevent this vulnerability, you should use ZipFile.extract() for extracting files. The zipfile documentation says:
If a member filename is an absolute path, a drive/UNC sharepoint and leading (back)slashes will be stripped, e.g.: ///foo/bar becomes foo/bar on Unix, and C:\foo\bar becomes foo\bar on Windows. And all ".." components in a member filename will be removed, e.g.: ../../foo../../ba..r becomes foo../ba..r . On Windows illegal characters (:, <, >, |, ", ?, and *) replaced by underscore (_) .
FILE - Florida senate candidate Gov. Charlie Crist participates in a gubernatorial debate at the University of South Florida, in Tampa, Fla.,in this Oct. 24, 2010 file photo. The outgoing Florida Gov. Charlie Crist Crist told the St. Petersburg Times Tuesday Nov. 16, 2010 he is looking to pardoning the long-dead rocker Jim Morrison who was convicted of exposing himself at a raucous 1969 concert in Miami. (AP Photo/Joseph Garnett, Jr., File)
Former Florida Gov. Charlie Crist endorsed President Obama for reelection on Sunday, writing in a Tampa Bay Times op-ed that the president is "the right leader for our state and the nation."
"I applaud and share his vision of a future built by a strong and confident middle class in an economy that gives us the opportunity to reap prosperity through hard work and personal responsibility," Crist writes. "It is a vision of the future proven right by our history."
Crist, a former Republican who served as governor from 2007 to 2011, switched his party affiliation to Independent during a failed U.S. Senate bid. Crist lost the 2010 race to Sen. Marco Rubio.
In Sunday's op-ed, Crist went after his former party, citing Rep. Todd Akin's (R-Mo.) "legitimate rape" comments as an example of right-wing extremism.
"As Republicans gather in Tampa to nominate Mitt Romney, Americans can expect to hear tales of how President Obama has failed to work with their party or turn the economy around," Crist writes. "But an element of their party has pitched so far to the extreme right on issues important to women, immigrants, seniors and students that they've proven incapable of governing for the people. Look no further than the inclusion of the Akin amendment in the Republican Party platform, which bans abortion, even for rape victims."
The Florida Republican Party immediately slammed Crist for his endorsement, calling the former Republican's support for Obama "a repugnant display from a self-centered, career politician."
"While the people of Florida, and thousands of visitors who've traveled here, are facing an emergency, Charlie Crist has demonstrated, yet again, that his political ambition will always come first," Florida Republican Party chair Lenny Curry said.
BRISBANE marquee Tayla Harris is set to test the waters in the inaugural AFLW trade period.
Foxfooty.com.au understands the 20-year-old is keen to move to Melbourne, ahead of the 2018 AFLW season.
Carlton has emerged as the early frontrunner to secure Harris' services should she push for a move to Melbourne. The trade period opens on Monday.
In order for Harris to be traded to Carlton, the Blues would have to satisfy Brisbane's demands at the trade table.
Trades may only occur with the consent of the AFL and all the players and clubs involved.
If Carlton was to sign Harris, she would join Darcy Vescio, Bianca Jakobsson and Bella Ayre in a potent forward line.
Tayla Harris is primed to join Carlton. Photo: Michael Klein Source: News Corp Australia
However, it's understood Harris isn't necessarily set on a move to Carlton, with other Victorian clubs potentially coming into the frame.
Melbourne could also land the high profile forward, with Harris and the club having pre-existing links through the series of exhibition matches before the AFLW's inception.
The Demons were keen to secure Harris as a marquee before the inaugural 2017 season, but she elected to stay in her home state of Queensland.
Harris was part of the Brisbane team that made the grand final and was named on the bench in the AFLW All-Australian team.
A tall forward who can also play in the ruck, she led the league for contested marks and was nominated for the Rising Star Award.
Jet-Etihad deal: What happened in those 48-hours?
On 22nd April the Cabinet Committee approved 40,000 additional bilateral seat rights per week to Abu Dhabi. As soon as the bilateral deal was signed, both Jet and Etihad entered into an agreement on 24th April. Is it a coincidence or collusion?
The deal between Naresh Goyal-led Jet Airways and Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) is becoming controversial day by day. According to new information, not only the Director General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) but the Cabinet Committee also played a significant role that benefitted both Etihad and Goyal. While defending the deal on Tuesday, Ajit Singh, minister for civil aviation, said this (Jet-Etihad) was an important deal and those opposing it is long on politics and short on facts.
In a release issued today, the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) said, "There is absolutely no disagreement within the government or between the Ministers and Prime Minister on the matter. The Prime Minister is neither washing his hands off the Bilateral Air Services Agreement nor is the Prime Minister's Office trying to do a U-turn on the issue now."
According to the note issued by the PMO on 13 June 2013 and the minutes of a meeting by P Chidambaram, the finance minister (FM), it has now come to light that all major decisions regarding enhancing the seats and Jet-Etihad deal were taken during the 48 hours between 22nd April and 24th April 2013.
On 22nd April “under the direction of the Prime Minister” the Cabinet Committee approved the signing of the grant of 40,000 additional bilateral seat rights per week to Abu Dhabi, and less than 48 hours later on the 24th of April the bilateral agreement was signed between the two governments. On the same day, 24th April, the announcement and signing of the Etihad-Jet Airways deal was made. Is this merely a coincidence or collusion that facilitated the deal?
What is shocking are the notes from the PM and the FM (copies of which are with Moneylife) contradict each other. The minutes of the meeting held on 22nd April 2013 and signed by P Chidambaram states that the bilateral was mandated under the directions of the PM. However, the note from the PMO says that the PM was concerned with the proposals being made for the bilateral deal with Abu Dhabi. The note also clearly states “the decisions were not taken under the direction of the Prime Minister”. The question then is who is telling the truth?
Earlier, an inter-ministerial group (IMG) had raised objections to the bilateral deal to be entered with Abu Dhabi. However, soon after the IMG meeting, Ajit Singh, the minister of civil aviation approached the PM urgently seeking clearance for the bilateral deal and thus override the objections raised by the IMG. Singh also emphasised that a visit of an official from his ministry was scheduled and the postponement of this (visit) would send a wrong signal. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh then directed Chidambaram to hold a meeting with Ajit Singh, Anand Sharma, minister of commerce and industries and Salman Khurshid, minister of external affairs. This meeting was held on 22 April 2013 itself.
After the meeting Chidambaram and all other three ministers met the PM. The meeting was also attended by Shivshankar Menon, National Security Advisor and Pulok Chatterji, principal secretary.
During the meeting, Chidambaram briefed the PM about the agreement (between India and Abu Dhabi) reached earlier in the day for giving a mandate to the negotiating team to allow an additional entitlement of 40,000 seats per week in a phased manner over the next few years along with the third country code sharing and domestic code sharing.
The PMO raised following issues during the meeting...
1. Although ministry of external affairs and ministry of commerce support this substantial enhancement (40,000 seats per week), the Department of Economic Affairs (DEA) had reservations in the past on the enhancement.
2. It has been reported in the media that some airlines have opposed the request for enhancement.
3. It is also likely that private airport operators would not be supportive of this enhancement as they have invested substantial amounts in the airports at Delhi, Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad and would like these to develop as hubs for air traffic.
4. One of the effects of this enhancement would be that long-distance traffic from India to Europe or North America would be diverted to Abu Dhabi.
5. There is a possibility that if, as reported, an Abu Dhabi airline acquires Jet Airways, this entity would control the bulk of the seats on this route.
6. There is possibility that other countries may also make similar requests.
7. Hence a calibrated approach may be necessary.
After this, Ajit Singh assured the PM that all these concerns were considered while arriving at the enhancement. “His considered view was that these concerns would not have any adverse impact on the Indian aviation sector. The minister was of the view that the additional capacity would enhance traffic to AAI airports where AAI has invested substantial funds in capacity enhancement. While allocating additional entitlements, requests of all domestic airlines would be kept in mind. The minister stated that the air traffic market was growing rapidly and there would be a need to enhance entitlements in any case. In addition, he felt that the overall context of liberalising FDI in civil aviation needed to be kept in mind. Concerns would also be addressed by phasing out the enhancement,” the note from PMO states.
Anand Sharma also mentioned attracting large volumes of FDI and FII from Abu Dhabi to India during the meeting. The note says, “His (Sharma's) view was that Abu Dhabi currently has one of the largest Sovereign Wealth Funds in the world and it is in our interest to take steps to attract these funds to India”.
“The finance minister and external affairs minister were in agreement with and endorsed the views of the other ministers. On the basis of the above, it was agreed to give an ‘in principle' go-ahead to the negotiating team as per the formulations (40,000 seats per week),” the note says.
Prime minister Singh, then directed that the matter may be brought to the Cabinet for a decision before operationalizing any agreements that may be arrived at by the government with the other party.
However, this decision was implemented within 48 hours and on 24th April the bilateral agreement between India and Abu Dhabi was signed. Soon after signing the bilateral, the long-pending deal between Jet and Etihad was also signed on the same day.
It is therefore obvious that the consideration to be received or received by Jet Airways was clearly linked and co-related to the value of the bilateral that Abu Dhabi was receiving along with its investment in carrier. The sole beneficiary of the largesse of this bilateral deal was Naresh Goyal and Jet Airways and not India as the government wants us to believe.
Last month, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) deferred a decision on the Rs2,000-crore Jet-Etihad deal, the largest foreign investment in the Indian aviation sector, and sought clarity on control and ownership. As per the proposal, Jet Airways plans to sell 24% stake to Etihad for about Rs2,058 crore.
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and the Competition Commission of India (CCI) have already sought clarity from the domestic carrier on the transaction, to ensure that Etihad's ownership powers in Jet remain in line with its 24% stake in the company's equity capital.
On 5 June 2013, Jet Airways chief executive Nikos Kardassis has resigned after a five-year stint with the carrier, and its chief operating officer Capt Hameed Ali was made the interim chief executive.
Reportedly, Etihad has been demanding a change in the management of Jet Airways, including removal of Goyal's wife from the board.
For the quarter ended March, Jet reported deeper losses at Rs495.53 crore against a net loss of Rs298.12 crore for the same period year-ago. Total income from operations declined to Rs3,922 crore in the March quarter from Rs4,041.61 crore in the year-ago period.
For the full fiscal 2012-13, the second largest airline improved its bottomline by narrowing the losses to Rs485.5 crore against a net loss of Rs1,236 crore in FY12.
Tomorrow... Objections of Parliament, SEBI and CCI to the Jet-Etihad deal
Read More
EXCLUSIVE: Jet-Etihad deal: What are the Parliamentary Standing Committee, FIPB, SEBI and CCI worried about?
EXCLUSIVE Jet-Etihad deal: Handing over benefits to Abu Dhabi on a platter
Family members of the first Singaporean female to be detained for radicalism did not alert authorities when they knew of her leanings and, after her arrest, destroyed evidence in an attempt to minimise her acts.
SINGAPORE: It is “imperative” for family members and friends to raise to the authorities anyone they suspect of being radicalised or who is planning terror activities, to make Singapore safer in the face of the heightened terrorism threat worldwide, said the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on Monday (June 12).
Syaikhah Izzah Zahrah Al Ansari, 22, became the first Singaporean female to be detained for radicalism in June this year. The infant-care assistant's sister and parents - who are both freelance Quranic teachers - came to know of her radical online postings and intention to join the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) some two years back.
Advertisement
They tried unsuccessfully to dissuade her, but did not bring her to the attention of the authorities when she was younger and could have potentially been turned back from the path of radicalisation, said MHA.
The ministry added in a press release that after Izzah was placed under investigation that important evidence relating to her plans to join ISIS was also destroyed by a family member in an attempt to minimise her acts.
Said MHA: “The time between radicalisation and committing violence can be very short in some cases. Recent terror attacks around the world have shown how terrorists can use easily available objects like vehicles and knives to commit violence.”
“Such an act would drive a wedge between Muslims and non-Muslims and divide our communities, which is precisely what the terrorist groups want.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
“The authorities are working hard to keep Singapore safe but they cannot do it alone. Every person in the community can help to protect Singapore and Singaporeans from the threat of terrorism,” MHA noted.
“Relatives and friends are best-placed to notice the possible signs of radicalisation. These include avid consumption of radical materials; propagating and re-posting terrorism-related images, videos and posts; expressing support for terrorist entities; and encouraging others or stating an intention to commit terrorist violence. This list is not exhaustive.”
Added MHA: “Early reporting could enable an individual at risk of becoming radicalised to be given proper guidance and counselling. They could be steered away from the path of radicalisation and may not need to be severely dealt with under the law.”
“Anyone who knows or suspects that a person is radicalised should promptly call the ISD Counter-Terrorism Centre hotline at 1800-2626-473 (1800-2626-ISD).”
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A REPORT IS MADE
MHA also described how Singapore authorities deal with reports of radicalised individuals.
Authorities carry out checks on the veracity of a report - including speaking to the person who made the report - said MHA. It added that the identity of the person making the report would be protected.
"Where there is basis to suspect that the person (about whom the report was made) may be radicalised, then he or she will be called up for interview," said MHA, adding that how the investigation developed would depend "largely on the findings and the authorities' assessment of the threat posed by the individual".
If the reportedly radicalised individual was "found to be in the nascent stages of radicalisation", he or she could be referred for counselling and other mitigating measures but not necessarily arrested.
MHA added: "We will, however, not hesitate to use the ISA to deal with individuals who are radicalised and have engaged in terrorist conduct.
"This includes any person who supports, promotes, undertakes or makes preparations to undertake armed violence, regardless of how he rationalises such violence ideologically, or where the violence takes place."
MHA added that there had been an increase in the number of radicalised individuals detected in recent years, but that the number of cases remained small.
"The vast majority of the Muslim community in Singapore are moderate and mainstream," said MHA.
On June 5, 1989, a simply crafted advertisement appeared in a Hong Kong newspaper. Its message was heartfelt: "Deeply grieve the patriots who paid the price for their heroism. Strongly condemn the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) leaders for the bloody massacre of Chinese people."
The signee: Leung Chun Ying.
But in more recent times, Hong Kong's Chief Executive has gone out of his way to avoid the subject of the June 4 Tiananmen incident. In 2013, he was even perceived to have scheduled a working trip to Shanghai to dodge the anniversary.
That did not stop the local press from asking about it. In response, Mr Leung spoke about his housing policies. The refrain from the pro-Beijing establishment has been that Hong Kong should let it go, given China's progress since 1989.
Thus, Mr Leung's remarks on Tiananmen this year is notable.
When asked on Tuesday about the impending anniversary, he did not sidestep it, as is his customary practice. Instead, he said: "Hong Kong is part of the country. Hong Kongers and the entire country's people are connected by blood. Hong Kongers should care about major incidents on the mainland."
Police holding back a pro-democracy activist, with a toy tank in her hand, after she taunted pro-China demonstrators in Hong Kong on Sunday. The pro-China demonstrators had gathered to counter-protest against a pro-democracy rally ahead of the anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown that took place on June 4, 1989. PHOTO: AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE
The subtext: Tiananmen is worth remembering.
After years of urging Hong Kongers to let bygones be bygones, why this about-face now?
June 4 has been a special day on Hong Kong's political calendar since 1989, when hundreds if not thousands were believed killed in the bloody crackdown on student activists in Beijing. That year, over a million Hong Kongers marched on the streets in solidarity with the Chinese activists. Pro-democracy advocates here smuggled key Tiananmen figures out of China.
Since then, Hong Kong - as the only place in China where the incident can be officially commemorated - has become the torchbearer for the memory of June 4. Over the past 27 years, an annual candlelit vigil at Victoria Park has become a pilgrimage for many Hong Kongers.
For them and the vigil organisers, getting Beijing to repudiate its narrative that the students were "counter-revolutionaries" and apologise for the crackdown is key to China's democratic evolution - and, in turn, Hong Kong's own political destiny.
Yet, a growing number of young Hong Kongers - spearheaded by the pro-independence localist movement which says it wants to safeguard Hong Kong's identity and autonomy - appear set to eschew the event tomorrow.
For the first time, the Federation of Students, an umbrella group of student unions, will not be taking part. Alternative rival events are being organised, including a forum on "Hong Kong's Future" featuring localist figures at the Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK).
Also out in the open is the warfare between the localists and the traditional pro-democracy group. In an editorial, a student leader insulted the vigil organisers as "pimps and bawds in a brothel" for continuing to care about what happens in China.
CUHK student union president Chow Shue Fan told The Straits Times: "The candlelit vigil is calling for a democratic China. But we don't think we are Chinese and so we don't have the responsibility to remember June 4. Whatever significance it holds for China, it means nothing to us."
The rejection of the June 4 commemoration is symbolically potent, a deepening of the line in the sand between both groups.
The traditional pan-democrats - including the original organisers of the Occupy movement - have always declared themselves to be Chinese patriots who "love the country but not the party".
Thus, for instance, they also stand shoulder to shoulder with China's nationalistic activists in demanding the "return" of the Diaoyu (or Senkaku) Islands from Japan. Mr "Bull" Tsang Kin Shing, a former legislator from the radical League of Social Democrats, for instance, is among those who embark on regular voyages to stake a claim on the disputed islands.
So, they may needle the CCP with incessant calls to "remember June 4" or for one-party rule to come to an end, but at least it is a recognition that they are Chinese and have a stake in developments.
Now, many of Hong Kong's young people are simply indifferent. This has clearly rattled Beijing and the local government - thus Mr Leung's cryptic exhortation for Hong Kongers to care about what happens on the mainland.
The Doom 3 BFG Edition arrived on store shelves (and in online storefronts) this week. This remastered version of 2004's Doom 3 looks grand and supports fancy future tech like head-mounted displays. It takes the classic franchise off of the PC and onto the Xbox 360 and PS3, and even adds new levels.
Advertisement
But what of Doom's beginnings? The game that not only launched a franchise, but also cemented the future of its genre, leapt into the world as shareware in December, 1993—nearly two decades ago. Doom was, of course, incredibly well-received by players and took the world by storm, with a sequel arriving less than a year later.
If the Metacritic era has taught us anything, though, it's that reviewers and the audience do not always agree. Many of Doom's early reviews are lost to the mists of time, having appeared in print-only publications that don't have accessible online arcives. Many of those publications have since shut down or changed hands. Thanks to services like Nexis and some old scans drifting around, though, we can still find some traces of early game reviews buried in the depths of the internet.
So what has a wee bit of time travel been able to dig up? Doom was, indeed, a hit with reviewers at Christmas, 1993. Let's have some highlights!
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Computer Gaming World, July 1993 (preview)
We don't know what nasty sludge is seeping into the Texas water table, but whatever it is has given these boys some strange visions, and what's worse, the programming sorcery to carry it out. Doom is the name of their next creation, and unbelievable graphics technology is their game. Doom is, not too surprisingly, another 3-D action game based on Id's award winning game engine. But what is surprising is how far they've taken this new incarnation beyond Wolfenstein. Doom is not the typical next generation technology jump. It's a high-altitude, wind-aided, Carl Lewis of a leap ahead.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The Age, December 23, 1993
Although it contains a hefty level of graphic violence, I found it to be a technically superb and thrilling 3D adventure. The very nature of Doom makes it a harrowing experience since the player must explore a maze of rooms and corridors that may conceal a demonic ambush at every turn. There are some games that let the player know what to expect; but with Doom, a chilling snarl is the only warning that you will ever get.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
San Jose Mercury News, January 2, 1994
If you've played Wolfenstein 3D, you'll be on familiar ground with this new game from Id Software. The shareware version offers one episode: "Knee-Deep in the Dead." Folks who register for $40 get two more versions. You decide what level you're at, ranging from "I'm too young to die," the novice level, to "ultra-violence." The hero is a hand holding a gun, and, using your keyboard, mouse, joystick or a combination of them, you navigate your way through a hellish scenario of metal doors clanging open and shut and nasties trying to get you before you get them. The sound track is as ominous as the scenario, and the sound effects include firing weapons and nasties getting what they deserve. Fully installed, the first episode takes up 5 megabytes of hard drive space. Look for DOOM1-1.ZIP on your favorite bulletin board.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
The Guardian, January 13, 1994
The follow-up to Wolfenstein 3-D is even more brilliant, but even more disgusting. Again you view the world down the barrel of a gun, but you can also use your fists, a chainsaw, a machine gun or a rocket launcher. Doom is distributed as shareware, but the mail-order version also adds a plasma rifle and a BFG9000, whatever they are.
Like W3D, Doom has fast three-dimensional graphics, but the world isn't as "boxy": walls can be at any angle and ceilings at any height; some are animated. Texture-mapping on surfaces and diminishing lighting effects provide far more atmosphere. There are lots of undead humans, monsters and aliens to kill. The result is far more blood and guts. Strategy Plus described the game's four intensity settings as "ranging from the namby-pamby 'I Just Want to Kill' to the suicidal 'Ultra-Violence' level".
Advertisement
Doom can be played by up to four people on a network, and a later shareware version will enable two to play via a serial or modem link. Players can work together, sometimes seeing the carnage from the other's point of view, or shoot each other in DeathMatch mode. Either way this is not a game for children or anyone sensitive to violence.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Advertisement
Edge, April 1994
It's just a shame that the number of enemies is fairly limited. After a while, the multiple pump-action, blood-sprating demise of yet another pink monster is only marginally satisfting. If whenever you turned a corner you could be met by some new, more grotesquely deformed creature than the last, then at least Doom could boast that it had replaced gameplay with real horror.
As it is, once the power of Doom's graphics has worn off (they're amazing, so give that at least a week or two) you'll be longing for something new in this game.
Advertisement
If only you could talk to these creatures, then perhaps you could try and make friends with them, form alliances... Now, that would be interesting.
Score: seven out of ten
Advertisement
The Advocate, June 17, 1994
Doom could probably be considered mid-level virtual reality. It's not like putting on a fancy helmet that pumps information straight to your eyeballs and ears, but the graphics and movement on the computer screen are excellent. At first you might even feel a little motion sickness running through colorful passageways. You'll get used to it.
This is run-and-gun arcade action that takes you on a long journey through dangerous corridors, radioactive ooze and up against mean, ugly monsters that all want you dead.
Advertisement
Usually we wrap up with the Kotaku review, but we only just turned eight this weekend, and Doom predates us by eleven years. Still, without it, we wouldn't be able to play, or write about, half of what we enjoy today. Kotaku's own Kirk Hamilton and Mike Fahey requested to add one final word:
3 days ago, Kotaku turned 8. Did you forget our birthday, too? No sweat. Thanks, everyone, for your … Read more Read
Advertisement
idspispopd.
(DOOM images via Moby Games)
The Russian technology company Yandex has launched an artificial intelligence (AI) assistant called "Alice".
Yandex, Russia's largest search engine, said in a press release Tuesday that Alice is the first conversational online assistant, possessing "near-human levels of speech."
"We wanted Alice to interact with users more like a human, so that users don't need to adapt their requests," said Denis Filippov, head of speech technologies at Yandex.
"In developing Alice, we leveraged our speech technologies, which currently provide the world's most accurate Russian language recognition. Based on word error rate (WER) measurements, Alice demonstrates near-human levels of speech recognition accuracy," Filippov added.
Yandex claimed in a blog post Tuesday that the digital assistant's advanced level of context allows users to carry out a more relaxed style of conversation.
"For instance, when a user asks Alice, 'What's the weather in Moscow?' and then follows with a question in slang asking, 'And what about Peter?', Alice understands the intent and provides the weather forecast for St. Petersburg," the post read.
Alice's voice recognition and synthesis rely on SpeechKit, Yandex's proprietary speech recognition software.
Alice will lift its information from Yandex's suite of services that includes taxis, shopping, payments, music, news, weather, maps and education.
SpacemanG Profile Blog Joined December 2012 United States 31 Posts Last Edited: 2012-12-30 05:39:38 #1 W in Pro League.
1. SKMC was about to turn 14 years old.
We were several years away from his first starcraft appearance, with Liquipedia having his first victory being 5 years later on
EDIT: Silly me, I overlooked MC's small
2. Nada faced Yellow in the Blizzcon invitational.
Ah, the days of the old - players invited included Mondragon, Legionnaire, Testie, Assem, Nada, Nal-Ra, Yellow, and Reach.
3. The Xbox360 had just been officially announced on MTV, hosted by Elijah Wood.
The glorious counterpart to the original Xbox was announced just before E3, with the Playstation 3 being announced several days later in a pre-E3 press conference.
4. We were only on Call of Duty 2.
Who could ever imagine that this installment of a franchise was viewed as a "launch game" for the new Xbox released later that year? Soon enough, it would seem, every 12 year old would use this game to experience the online world around them for the first time - they would learn how to make friends, how to properly communicate, and proper small stalk strategies like, "How is your mother doing?"
5. Guitar Hero was released.
Soon enough, the clacky trend would sweep across the nation, leaving many of us in awe of our friends being able to flawlessly tap out amazing riffs, causing us to simply pass the controller onward to the next person on the couch to avoid further embarrassment.
6. The Office was in its first season on NBC.
I'll be honest, I've watched and re-watched this series a couple times since its release, and it seems like forever ago I released I had a man crush on
7. Team Liquid consisted only of Liquid'Nazgul, Meat, Spy, Drone, Frost, Ninja, Oaral, Crystal, Daaman, Venice, Raszi, and Satanik.
Oh, how so much can change on a team in so little time. From Brood War clan to international Starcraft 2 powerhouse, Liquid was essentially still in its infancy seven years ago. Liquid'Nony, the player on the roster with the most seniority currently, wouldn't be signed to the team until three years later in 2008.
So congratulations to Thorzain, Team'Liquid and Evil Geniuses for breaking the streak of seven years. Without a doubt, these two teams will make sure there isn't another seven year break between foreigner victories in Pro League. Foreigners hwaiting~!
EGThorzain's victory against STX Soul last night represented an interesting moment in Starcraft's history - Thorzain was the first foreigner to win a game in the Starcraft Pro League in seven whole years - ClouD_vs_Legionnaire, the last time a foreigner won a match was in 2005. Seven years is a long time, and to add some perspective, here's seven things from seven years ago, the last time a foreigner brought home ain Pro League.We were several years away from his first starcraft appearance, with Liquipedia having his first victory being 5 years later on Metolopolis against Naama . His swagger as a 14 year old was undoubtedly on a similar level to today- his dancing ability, however, would reach new heights as time went on:EDIT: Silly me, I overlooked MC's small Brood War Career. Looks like his first matches were two losses to Bisu in WCG 2008.Ah, the days of the old - players invited included Mondragon, Legionnaire, Testie, Assem, Nada, Nal-Ra, Yellow, and Reach.The glorious counterpart to the original Xbox was announced just before E3, with the Playstation 3 being announced several days later in a pre-E3 press conference.Who could ever imagine that this installment of a franchise was viewed as a "launch game" for the new Xbox released later that year? Soon enough, it would seem, every 12 year old would use this game to experience the online world around them for the first time - they would learn how to make friends, how to properly communicate, and proper small stalk strategies like, "How is your mother doing?"Soon enough, the clacky trend would sweep across the nation, leaving many of us in awe of our friends being able to flawlessly tap out amazing riffs, causing us to simply pass the controller onward to the next person on the couch to avoid further embarrassment.I'll be honest, I've watched and re-watched this series a couple times since its release, and it seems like forever ago I released I had a man crush on Jim Halpert. Oh, how so much can change on a team in so little time. From Brood War clan to international Starcraft 2 powerhouse, Liquid was essentially still in its infancy seven years ago. Liquid'Nony, the player on the roster with the most seniority currently, wouldn't be signed to the team until three years later in 2008.So congratulations to Thorzain, Team'Liquid and Evil Geniuses for breaking the streak of seven years. Without a doubt, these two teams will make sure there isn't another seven year break between foreigner victories in Pro League. Foreigners hwaiting~!
Hilo Profile Joined December 2010 Estonia 114 Posts #2 Didn't he get an all kill ?
kollin Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United Kingdom 7179 Posts #3 No, that's not how Proleague works. penisi is the plural of penis look it up in a science book
SpacemanG Profile Blog Joined December 2012 United States 31 Posts #4 No all kills in pro league format
Harrad Profile Blog Joined October 2010 999 Posts #5 It sure is a nice achievement, but what taints it all a bit is the fact that 1. it's a different game 2. foreigners (and non-kespa players) had a 2-year head start.
kollin Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United Kingdom 7179 Posts #6 On December 30 2012 08:27 Harrad wrote:
It sure is a nice achievement, but what taints it all a bit is the fact that 1. it's a different game 2. foreigners (and non-kespa players) had a 2-year head start.
2 year head start to do what exactly? Practice mechanically? Except their Brood War counterparts are far better than them mechanically anyway. To learn strategies? Brood war players are adept enough at RTS's to be able to pick those up pretty quickly. 2 year head start to do what exactly? Practice mechanically? Except their Brood War counterparts are far better than them mechanically anyway. To learn strategies? Brood war players are adept enough at RTS's to be able to pick those up pretty quickly. penisi is the plural of penis look it up in a science book
Harrad Profile Blog Joined October 2010 999 Posts Last Edited: 2012-12-29 23:39:29 #7 On December 30 2012 08:30 kollin wrote:
Show nested quote +
On December 30 2012 08:27 Harrad wrote:
It sure is a nice achievement, but what taints it all a bit is the fact that 1. it's a different game 2. foreigners (and non-kespa players) had a 2-year head start.
2 year head start to do what exactly? Practice mechanically? Except their Brood War counterparts are far better than them mechanically anyway. To learn strategies? Brood war players are adept enough at RTS's to be able to pick those up pretty quickly. 2 year head start to do what exactly? Practice mechanically? Except their Brood War counterparts are far better than them mechanically anyway. To learn strategies? Brood war players are adept enough at RTS's to be able to pick those up pretty quickly.
Indeed, they caught up very quickly. But I can't help but think that they would be quite a bit better had they played since release. The metagame would have developed quicker and perhaps differently, so its possible sc2 would look different today had the kespa teams been around earlier. Indeed, they caught up very quickly. But I can't help but think that they would be quite a bit better had they played since release. The metagame would have developed quicker and perhaps differently, so its possible sc2 would look different today had the kespa teams been around earlier.
hp.Shell Profile Blog Joined April 2010 United States 2517 Posts #8 ). But Yeah, the xbox announcement made me feel old. MC won a BW Game vs EffOrt on HBR in 2009 (as IrOn ). But Yeah, the xbox announcement made me feel old. Please PM me with any songs you like that you think I haven't heard before!
Balgrog Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 1195 Posts #9 Shit, reading this thread makes me feel really old. But I am overjoyed hearing about thorzain, way awesome. The only way to attack structure is with chaos.
]343[ Profile Blog Joined May 2008 United States 10304 Posts Last Edited: 2012-12-30 01:54:20 #10 On December 30 2012 08:16 Hilo wrote:
Didn't he get an all kill ?
He got an all-kill in the
Game 1 ssm~Silver on Enter The Dragon
Game 2 Ogogo[inca] on Dark Sauron
Game 3 T.3)Friend on Jim Raynor's Memory
Game 4 Nal_Rock on Plains to Hills
edit: lol, he used DTs the first two PvZs to great effect
also, click the link! It's a very old Waxangel BR (when he wasn't quite as jaded ) He got an all-kill in the Lifezone KPGA Team League Update vs. Toona SG:Game 1 ssm~Silver on Enter The DragonGame 2 Ogogo[inca] on Dark SauronGame 3 T.3)Friend on Jim Raynor's MemoryGame 4 Nal_Rock on Plains to Hillsedit: lol, he used DTs the first two PvZs to great effectalso, click the link! It's a very old Waxangel BR (when he wasn't quite as jaded Writer
Redderthanblue Profile Joined May 2011 United States 6 Posts #11 On December 30 2012 08:16 Hilo wrote:
Didn't he get an all kill ?
He did, but not in proleague
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=7658 He did, but not in proleague
MountainDewJunkie Profile Blog Joined June 2009 United States 10335 Posts #12 It's cute, but the skill gap in SC2 vs BW in terms of Koreans vs foreigners is not even comparable, it's a pretty watered-down accomplishment. It won't be the last victory by a foreigner either. [21:07] <Shock710> whats wrong with her face [20:50] <dAPhREAk> i beat it the day after it came out | <BLinD-RawR> esports is a giant vagina
Trasko Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Sweden 972 Posts #13 ahhhhhhhh so old Jaedong <3
Aerisky Profile Blog Joined May 2012 United States 11022 Posts #14 Whoaaa...yeah these things really make you feel old and put things into perspective, don't they? >__<
Wow. Jim while Johnny had had had had had; had had the better effect on the teacher.
CecilSunkure Profile Blog Joined May 2010 United States 2829 Posts #15 Hey pretty interesting read man, thanks for posting it up. Enjoyed it.
peanuts Profile Blog Joined May 2012 United States 1101 Posts #16 Also, people starting college this year had just started middle school at the time. Crazy to think about that time difference. Writer "My greatest skill is my enjoyment of the game" - Grubby | @TL_Peanuts
Aerisky Profile Blog Joined May 2012 United States 11022 Posts #17 On December 30 2012 16:54 peanutsfan1995 wrote:
Also, people starting college this year had just started middle school at the time. Crazy to think about that time difference.
*mind-blown sound effect* holy crap. Wow.
Time goes by so, so fast... Some professor once messed around with integrals and age, and basically concluded that by the age of 18-20ish, half of your life as you "feel" or experience it has already gone by. That's actually kind of sobering. *mind-blown sound effect* holy crap. Wow.Time goes by so, so fast... Some professor once messed around with integrals and age, and basically concluded that by the age of 18-20ish, half of your life as you "feel" or experience it has already gone by. That's actually kind of sobering. Jim while Johnny had had had had had; had had the better effect on the teacher.
RoyaleBrainSlug Profile Joined December 2010 United States 262 Posts #18 Man I forgot Satanik was on Liquid... this just makes me feel old. Zileas is my Homeboy
Lorch Profile Joined June 2011 Germany 3420 Posts #19 Halo 2 is the game that build xbox live and revolutionist console online gaming, not Call of Duty 2, thats just the series that became more casual as time went on and ended up with the bigger player base.
Other than that (and that you forgot the suicide toss's amazing proleague career initially), really nice writeup. Lets hope it's not gonna be another 7 years till the next W...
Luepert Profile Blog Joined June 2011 United States 1853 Posts #20 Haha, I was 8 years old. The last win has half a lifetime ago for me. Liquid Forever
1 2 Next All
Racial slurs against and profiling of any community are unacceptable and the (SGPC) Shiromani Gurudwara Prabandhak Committee's plea to the Supreme Court to include this in the definition of ragging merits consideration. But to ask the court to stop the circulation of Sardar jokes and also asking the ministry of information and broadcasting to lay down guidelines for the media, film and television industry to refrain from projecting Sikhs as comic relief or typecasting them to “project them as fools and imbeciles, lacking wit and intelligence” is perhaps being needlessly sensitive. The circulation of jokes on the social media should be subjected to scrutiny, it said.
Read: Sensitise students about Sikh jokes: SGPC plea to top court
Earlier the apex court itself had said that there were Sikhs who took such jokes sportingly and not all ribbing was taken as an insult. It is not only Sikhs who are made fun of, most communities ranging from Malayalis to Parsis to Gujaratis are stereotyped and jokes made about them on several public platforms including films. Humour, parody and satire are part of freedom of speech under Article 19 of the Constitution. There are, of course, grounds on which that freedom can be restricted but these pertain to relations with other countries, the sovereignty and integrity of the country and public order and decency. Even the punishment for acts intended to outrage religious feelings can be enforced only if they are found to be deliberate and malicious. Unless humour degenerates into hate speech, there does not seem to be any grounds for proscribing it. The SGPC should not read too much into a joke or two. The late Khushwant Singh, arguably one of India's best-known Sikhs, not only put together a book of Sardar jokes but was fond of rounding off his famous column with such witticisms on the occasion.
Read: Top court mulls ways to ban Sikh jokes, notes use of ‘Madrasi' too
If all communities were to be so sensitive, then humour and satire as a genre would be under threat. There are many issues which affect the youth in Punjab today, among them the threat from drug abuse. The SGPC should take the lead in tackling these social issues. It is right to be concerned about ragging but often this ugly practice has less to do with targeting communities than with senior bullies attacking vulnerable young students. A joke is not an attack on the dignity of any community and the SGPC should not be so thin-skinned.
First Published: Nov 23, 2016 18:43 IST
Buy Photo Monroe County executive candidates Cheryl Dinolfo, left, Sandra Frankel and Rajesh Barnabas come together after their Voice of the Voter debate at WXXI studios. (Photo: Jamie Germano/@jgermano1/, STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER)Buy Photo
It was not an easy decision. The two major party candidates for Monroe County Executive truly failed to distinguish themselves in a substantial way during this campaign, so there was not an obvious “better choice” between Republican Cheryl Dinolfo or Democrat Sandy Frankel. And, while the Green Party candidate, Rajesh Barnabas, stood out as a clear alternative, we do not feel he is ready for this important office.
After careful consideration, however, we are supporting Dinolfo.
To show how we reached our decision, we are sharing how we rated each candidate on issues that are important to voters. As you'll see, Dinolfo edged out Frankel in more categories, thus winning our endorsement. If she is elected, we will be watching closely to see if she follows through on her campaign promises – since many of them lacked specifics — and whether she truly understands and values governmental transparency as much as we do.
Regardless of which candidate brings in the most votes on Tuesday, she or he should keep in mind that the Monroe County executive is here to serve all residents, no matter what party they belong to.
ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT: Dinolfo and Frankel
Dinolfo, Frankel (Photo: .)
Both major party candidates are making economic development and job creation a top priority, and both have a few good, though not terribly innovative, ideas.
Both Frankel and Dinolfo insist that companies receiving COMIDA tax breaks be required to create more jobs and undergo greater scrutiny than they currently are, a stance we wholeheartedly support. And Frankel wants to limit the kinds of businesses that are eligible for these incentives.
We appreciate the fact that Dinolfo is already putting herself in the trenches, meeting with area businesspeople to determine what policy changes would help them the most. She is calling for a job creators' summit, and promising to invite businesses to 39 W. Main on a regular basis to help inform county policy.
Frankel says she will work with businesses to create the Monroe County Skilled Scholars program, in order to help train more skilled workers. The development of this workforce is critical to the future success of photonics and other tech industries in our community.
Barnabas is calling for a “new way to do economics,” namely socialism. While presidential candidate Bernie Sanders is getting the nation talking about socialism, we don't feel Barnabas would be successful in radically reforming our local economy. Nor do we feel the majority of our citizens are demanding we head in that direction.
MONROE COUNTY BUDGET: Dinolfo
Cheryl Dinolfo (Photo: (Provided))
No new taxes or fees. Both Dinolfo and Frankel are clear about that, although Frankel says she would reconsider should the county find itself in an unexpected budget crisis. We agree that taxes and fees are high enough. But, of course, something must be done to strengthen the county's financial footing and we are slightly more confident in Dinolfo's ability to get that done.
Frankel provided us with a preliminary list of $4 million in proposed cuts to the county budget, though many appear to be one-shot measures and some could result in decreased revenue. As supervisor of Brighton, she successfully managed the budget, but the taxpayers in that town are paying more than most other Monroe County taxpayers – making us suspect there were missed opportunities to spend less.
Unfortunately, Dinolfo is not identifying specific cuts, saying she will do a top-to-bottom review of the budget first. But she emphasizes the need to diligently look at outcomes, to make sure taxpayers are getting their money's worth. As county clerk, she appears to have run a tight ship, introducing a number of efficiencies while improving customer service.
Barnabas lacks the experience to manage the county budget.
ROCHESTER-MONROE ANTI-POVERTY INITIATIVE: Dinolfo and Frankel
Dinolfo, Frankel (Photo: .)
All three candidates are backing efforts to lift county residents, in the city and suburbs, out of poverty. Current County Executive Maggie Brooks, who has been a leader in the Rochester-Monroe Anti-Poverty Initiative, says she will let her successor take over her spot at the table.
Both Frankel and Dinolfo seem capable of doing that, although Dinolfo appears to have a more comfortable working relationship with another key player, Mayor Lovely Warren. We noted that Warren, a Democrat, has not endorsed Frankel and, during our Voice of the Voter debate, Frankel did not directly answer a question about when the pair last met. Dinolfo recalled having a recent meeting with Warren over coffee.This initiative relies heavily on collaboration, so this could be a critical difference.
Frankel and Dinolfo both support increased funding for child care subsidies for working parents. We are intrigued by Dinolfo's plan to establish a broader, sliding scale in Monroe County — allowing parents more time to transition off subsidized child care as they earn more pay — rather than wait for changes at the state level.
Barnabas has an in-depth understanding of the issues surrounding poverty, and a record of social justice activism. But he has not yet rallied the general populace around an issue, nor does have the experience working within the system to help keep the current anti-poverty initiative moving forward.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
ENVIRONMENT: Frankel
Sandy Frankel (Photo: ,)
Both Frankel and Dinolfo are pledging to continue Brooks' strong environmental record. However, it seems like an afterthought for Dinolfo, while Frankel has made climate change one of her top priorities. She has a record of “thinking green” in Brighton.
Dinolfo says all of us can play a small role in environmental protection, but she dodges any question related to scientific research on climate change. (Perhaps she is trying to keep from going on the record, in case she decides to run for Congress later on?)
Barnabas is proposing a public buyout of Rochester Gas and Electric, so the county can make more green energy choices and move toward becoming a sustainable, zero-carbon community. And he would champion for mass transit projects and a bicycle “superhighway.” These are big ideas that have not been thoroughly vetted and lack realistic plans for implementation.
ETHICS AND INTEGRITY: Dinolfo
Cheryl Dinolfo (Photo: .)
Frankel and Dinolfo are both promising to establish an Office of Public Integrity in response to several scandals that surfaced during Brooks' reign. While such offices are inherently suspect, being funded by the entities they oversee, we would welcome this effort to help restore public faith in county government.
Both candidates are critical of LDCs, saying LDCs remove stewardship of tax dollars away from county government. Dinolfo, a former civil attorney, is confident she can abolish LDCs entirely and apply other funding mechanisms to support major projects. She's already done some legwork on how to do that. Dinolfo should be commended for her proactive approach and making this a central issue in her campaign.
Dinolfo has also pledged to put all county contracts online, making them available without FOIL requests.
LEADERSHIP STYLE AND EXPERIENCE: Dinolfo
Cheryl Dinolfo (Photo: .)
Both major party candidates demonstrate solid leadership skills, but Dinolfo has a more energetic presence. She projects a greater level of confidence than Frankel, whose style is quieter and more conciliatory.
Dinolfo served as president of the state Association of County Clerks, and has been an outspoken leader on a handful of statewide issues affecting county residents.
We doubt Frankel's ability to move what will almost certainly be a Republican-controlled legislature, which could result in stalemate on important issues. After Dinolfo's campaign, which appeared to be heavily controlled by Republican Party leadership, we are concerned about her ability to follow her own path. However, we feel she would be largely successful if she does.
We like Dinolfo's "problem solver" approach to getting things done.
Barnabas was much less prepared for his interview with our Editorial Board, and is still working to make an impression outside of the activist community. He does appear to be developing a moderate leadership style, proposing revolutionary ideas while leaving room for compromise with those who hold more traditional views.
INNOVATIVE IDEAS: Barnabas
Rajesh Barnabas (Photo: .)
In a race that has done little to inspire voters, Barnabas is a breath of fresh air for the more quixotic residents of Monroe County. He is the only candidate who brings truly unexpected ideas to table. Who wouldn't want to see Medley Centre turned into the biggest botanical garden in America, or Rochester's abandoned subway converted to an underground bicycle highway? But these are not something county taxpayers should take on right now. Perhaps they are projects that deserve exploration by a private entity.
Editor's Note: Editorial Board member Erica Bryant did not participate in our meetings with the candidates, our endorsement deliberations or our final decision, due to the fact that she is married to Barnabas.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1N8HAHe
Social media erupted Sunday night when users noticed that an index titled “Our Government” did not include an entry for the judicial branch.
One user pointed out that an archived version of the page from Jan. 19 included “The Judicial Branch” alongside the Executive and Legislative branches.
It appears the subpage was deleted on the day after President Trump's inauguration.
But it gained fresh focus Sunday, after a federal judge in New York issued an emergency stay Saturday temporarily halting the removal of individuals detained after President Trump issued an order to ban immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S.
OMG It's true. Screenshots from the Jan 19 site on Internet Archive (wayback machine) and today. Judicial missing. pic.twitter.com/PQEDgzGqkR — Renee (@paix120) January 30, 2017
Amazing. Thanks to @internetarchive, you can see https://t.co/8ub33RD7ZJ's link to Judicial Branch erased on Jan 21. Day after inauguration. pic.twitter.com/9xCRDZLPsE — Kevin Collier (@kevincollier) January 30, 2017
Several other pages appeared to be missing following the change in administrations, though the Boston Globe noted last week that the content was relocated as part of standard procedure. It was unclear Sunday night whether the judicial branch page was similarly relocated.
Two British terrorists who fled the UK to fight in Syria ordered books Islam For Dummies, The Koran For Dummies and Arabic For Dummies from Amazon ahead of their trip.
Mohammed Nahin Ahmed also told his childhood friend Yusuf Zubair Sarwar, both 22, 'I cannot tell anyone I'm going to jihad. Lol. I'll get arrested' before they left Birmingham and joined rebels in Aleppo, a court heard today.
After eight months fighting in Syria they were arrested on their return to Heathrow Airport in January after their relatives tipped off counter-terrorism detectives.
Sarwar had left a note for his mother arguing going 'to do jihad' in Syria was 'doing the best deed in Allah's eyes' and said the Taliban and Al Qaeda 'are not bad', so she went to the police.
After returning to Britain they told officers they had been doing humanitarian work but a camera containing 'thousands' of images, including some of them posing with guns on the front line, was found in their luggage.
Scroll down for video
Convicted: Best friends Nahin Ahmed (left) and Yusuf Zubair Sarwar, both 22, fled Britain for Syria to 'do jihad'. They took pictures of themselves with guns, which were found by police in their luggage
Reference books: The pair bought Islam for Dummies, The Koran for dummies and Arabic for Dummies from Amazon ahead of their Syria trip, where they spent eight months fighting in Aleppo
Traces of 'military-grade explosives', including TNT and nitro-glycerine were on the men's clothes and trainers.
JIHADIST LEFT NOTE FOR MOTHER BEFORE FLEEING UK FOR SYRIA Sarwar left a scribbled letter for his mother when he fled for Syria, but she went to the police who intercepted him and his friend Ahmed when they flew back to Britain eight months later. It read: 'Make sure you don't get any authority involved its (sic) a kuffar (infidel) government. 'I will try to intercede for you but don't rely on my intercession for if Allah allows me to intercede make sure to perfect yourselfs (sic). 'Make sure to keep me in your dua (prayers) as I am doing the best deed in Allahs eyes in'shaa' Allah. 'I will be going to Sumya (Syria) Ash sham which I will help the oppressed and fight Allahs enemies there. 'Taliban, Al Quada (sic) etc are not bad the West portrays them as bad. 'The group I will be joining is Kataib Al Muhajireen which is part of Al Nusra. In 'shaa' Allah 'WE WOULD STAND UP AND NEVER WOULD LET ALLAHS RELIGION BE DEMONISED'
Sarwar's family reported him missing to police in May last year after they found a hand-written letter from him in which said he had left to join a terrorist group called Kataib al Muhajireen (KaM) - later renamed Kateeba al-Kawthar - 'to do jihad'.
Officers also found social media and email conversations between the pair and Islamic extremists.
Over Skype, Ahmed talked to a Swedish national who was fighting with KaM.
He told the fighter: 'I come to join KaM,' to which the Swede replies: 'Inshallah (God willing)'.
Ahmed later asked a Danish Islamic extremist: 'Would the brothers in Yemen accept me?'
At Woolwich Crown Court in south-east London today they each admitted one count of engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorism acts contrary to Section 5 of the Terrorism Act.
The families of both men had put pressure on them to return to the UK once they discovered where they were.
Days earlier he had told his family he was travelling to Turkey as part of a two-week trip organised by Birmingham City University, where he was a part-time computer science student.
It prompted a search of the men's homes, which revealed an online conversation between Ahmed and a Swedish national fighting with the KaM, during which Ahmed said he wanted to join the terrorist group.
West Midlands Police said the men showed the mind-set to go and join the jihad in Syria, before carrying out research, buying equipment, and finally travelling their via Turkey.
Ahmed, who was born in Bangladesh, moved to Britain as a child, while Sarwar, who is of Pakistani descent, was born in Britain.
Family: Sarwar left a scribbled letter for his mother when he fled for Syria, but she went to the police who intercepted him and his friend Ahmed when they flew back to Britain eight months later
Guilty: Ahmed, left, and Sarwar, right, each admitted one count of engaging in conduct in preparation of terrorism acts contrary to Section 5 of the Terrorism Act at Woolwich Crown Court
In court: Nahin Ahmed (pictured left and right before he went to Syria) pleaded guilty to preparing for acts of terrorism today
An initial search of their homes revealed images of Islamic propaganda on both of their computers, including images of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isis) flags, shaheed (martyr) literature and several texts which are linked to the jihadi mindset.
Judge Topolski QC said he would not pass sentence until a Court of Appeal decision about a similar case had been heard later this summer.
The judge earlier told the court that he was willing to offer a reduction in sentence if the defendants were to plead guilty.
He described the case as a 'grave one'.
He told the court that together they 'carefully planned a journey from the UK to Turkey and on to Syria to join Islamist rebels fighting the regime of Bashar al-Assad'.
Ruse: The pair said they were travelling to Turkey as part of a two-week trip organised by Birmingham City University (pictured at Heathrow) but they then went on to Syria
Ahmed passes through a gate at the airport. At home he and his friend had propaganda on both of their computers, including images of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isis) flags and shaheed (martyr) literature
Assistant chief constable Marcus Beale, senior officer for counter-terrorism in the West Midlands, said: 'These young men went to considerable lengths to hide their plans from their families, who have since suffered a great deal of distress.
'It's not easy to know everything that a family member is doing all of the time, but we encourage parents to hold a healthy interest and curiosity into who their children mix with and who seems to hold a strong influence over them.
'Crucially, if families are worried that a member is thinking of travelling to Syria, it is very important that they tell the authorities as soon as possible.
The FBI has refused for a second time in six months to answer key lawmakers' formal questions about the bureau's handling of the Hillary Clinton email scandal, including pointed queries about whether the former secretary of state received preferential treatment, Fox News has learned.
Despite a deadline of July 20, direct questions posed to FBI Director James Comey by the Republican chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee regarding Comey's decision not to recommend an indictment of Clinton remain unanswered. The Judiciary Committee has direct oversight responsibility for the bureau.
“ … the FBI should provide a detailed written accounting of the scope of its investigation, the investigative steps it took, and the evidence it gathered in the course of its investigation,” Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, wrote in a six-page letter to Comey dated July 6. “Until the FBI does so, much of the public will rightly be skeptical of the integrity of this investigation.”
Fox News has confirmed there is still no response to the strongly- worded letter, in which Grassley charged that Comey's public statement about his decision not to recommend criminal prosecution “contained a number of inconsistencies that also raise questions as to how the FBI reached its conclusions.”
Grassley wants the evidence and findings of the year-long probe released, so that the public can independently judge how the nation's pre-eminent law enforcement agency recommended against criminal charges. The lawmaker also wants to know why Comey, who characterized Clinton's handling of classified information as “extremely careless” did not find her in violation of a federal statute for which the threshold is “gross negligence.”
Grassley noted that he wrote Comey Feb. 4 with specific questions about the investigation and a deadline of Feb. 18, and only received a reply in early July.
In the most recent letter, Grassley pressed Comey on his conclusions, given some of the emails Clinton sent or received on her private, unauthorized server were marked classified, containing the classified portion marking, for “confidential,” the lowest level of classification.
The senator also questioned whether the FBI took extreme steps to accommodate the former secretary of state and her aides, agreeing at one point that some questions would be off limits for Clinton's personal attorney and former chief of staff Cheryl Mills, citing the American Bar Association Model Rules of Professional Conduct covering “Special Conflicts of Interest for Former and Current Government Officers and Employees.”
Grassley also questioned whether the FBI investigated possible violations of law which involve the retention and destruction of federal records under another statute which “prohibits concealing or destroying such federal records.”
And given Hillary Clinton's public statements that she never sent or received classified information, or any emails marked classified, which the FBI found to be wrong, Grassley asked if the FBI weighed “the probative value of this cavalcade of false statement in determining her guilt and intent, as it should have been under the law?”
In addition, as first reported by Fox News, Grassley said he was troubled by the FBI's efforts to gag its agents by requiring the agents to sign “non-disclosure agreements.”
During the course of the ongoing reporting for Fox News, chief intelligence correspondent Catherine Herridge specifically asked the FBI director on May 11 during a “pen and pad” briefing about whether special rules applied to Hillary Clinton.
“I'm not going to comment, other than to say there are no special set of rules for anybody that the FBI investigates,” Comey said in response to a question about whether lower-level security clearance holders would escape penalties if they had done “a fraction of what had been done by Mrs. Clinton's team.”
Indeed, Grassley asked Comey in his letter to specifically comment on the case against Navy Reservist Bryan Nishimura, who was convicted in 2015 of transferring classified information from classified government systems to his unclassified personal electronic equipment. Nishimura was fined $7,500 and placed on probation for two years. He also agreed to surrender all security clearances and to never again seek such clearance. Nishimura declined to comment to Fox News.
Under Comey's leadership, the 35,000-employee bureau declares it prioritizes investigations which “protect the United States against foreign intelligence operations and espionage ” and further states on its website that “public corruption is the FBI's top criminal investigative priority” as it “poses a fundamental threat to our national security and way of life” and to “combat public corruption at all levels.”
One issue posed by Grassley raised the question that the investigation into Clinton, which was reportedly expanded to include her family's controversial family foundation, could be ongoing.
“Did the FBI investigate or is the FBI currently investigating allegations of public corruption relation to the Clinton Foundation and former President Clinton's speaking fees from foreign governments?” Grassley wondered. “If not, why not?”
An FBI spokesperson said it is n‎ot the bureau's practice to comment through the media on the timing or contents of communications with Congress.
At that point, the producer and whoever else is involved (other producers, maybe a famous actor if they're lucky) will then hammer out a rough idea for the movie that will appeal to at least two of the four market demographics (young males, young females, older males, older females). So if it's an action movie aimed completely at young males, you throw a romance in there for the ladies. It's only then that they will give a screenwriter a call. In other words, in most Hollywood films, the writer is basically there to fill in the dialogue holes and think of clever catchphrases for Ryan Reynolds to say every time he socks a guy in the jaw.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
For Example ...
The Halloween franchise wasn't cooked up by a plucky man named John Carpenter who had a dream about a man in a creepy mask. Instead, two producers approached him after they decided it would be cool to have a movie about a psycho stalking babysitters.
So what about those screenplays that your friend working at the video store is constantly writing, in hopes they will some day get made and star a naked Natalie Portman? In reality, even the great ones are treated as spec scripts (basically, a literary audition). The script is proof to the people in charge that the writer is, for the most part, not illiterate. So if you submit a powerfully emotional piece that deftly explores the facets of love and loss, you might impress someone enough to get a job co-writing Transformers 4.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
On the rare occasion that an original script does get picked up for production, it's likely to get swept up by one of the big franchises. I, Robot was initially an original script called Hardwired that no one would touch until a famous Asimov title was attached to it. Die Hard 2, 3 and 4, Ocean's Twelve and Starship Troopers were all original ideas that were snapped up and rebranded as franchises. So if you're working on a passion project, maybe it's time to let the dream die and just start focusing on a gritty reboot of She-Ra.
A pharmaceutical company behind a popular painkiller brand linked to rising rates of abuse agreed to a request from the Food and Drug Administration to pull the pill off the market.
Endo Pharmaceuticals announced the decision Thursday following an internal review of the drug sparked by the FDA order. Officials from the FDA told the company June 8 to pull an extended release painkiller, called Opana ER, from the market and threatened to withdraw their approval for the drug if the company did not comply, the Associated Press reported Friday.
The unprecedented move came in the wake of reports patients were crushing up the pills to inject. Representatives for Endo said they stand by the safety profile of Opana ER and believe the benefits outweigh the risks. They say the pills is safe and effective when administered properly, but will comply and work with the FDA on the issue.
This marks the first time the FDA has ordered the removal of a previously approved opioid painkiller from the market due to abuse and addiction.
Endo Pharmaceuticals reformulated Opana ER in an attempt to make the painkiller more difficult to abuse in 2012, however, FDA said the reformulation unintentionally fueled abuse of the drugs. The reformulation coated the pills in a way that made them difficult to snort, but addicts shifted towards crushing and injecting the painkiller.
Injection of the drug is reportedly causing an increase in viruses obtained through needle sharing.
“The FDA's decision is based on a review of all available postmarketing data, which demonstrated a significant shift in the route of abuse of Opana ER from nasal to injection following the product's reformulation,” the FDA said in a statement June 8. “Injection abuse of reformulated Opana ER has been associated with a serious outbreak of HIV and hepatitis C.”
Drug overdoses are now the number one cause of accidental death for Americans under 50. The New York Times recently culled through data from state health departments and county medical examiners and coroners, predicting there were between 59,000 and 65,000 drug deaths in 2016.
Follow Steve on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
EU Referendum: Swiss "model" bites the dust 29/05/2015
Follow @eureferendum
As neat a demolition of the so-called Swiss "model" as you are going to get comes from Graham Avery over on the Europhile British Influence website.
Switzerland's bumpy ride with the EU began in 1992, when its people voted against the European Economic Area, Avery writes. Unlike other EFTA countries, it followed a "bilateral" path, negotiating a series of agreements with the EU, sector by sector, so that it obtained access to the European market by accepting the corresponding EU rules.
Under these agreements, much of EU law now applies to Switzerland. But unlike the EEA, says Avery (not altogether accurately) "which makes EU rules automatically applicable to Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein", the Swiss model requires fresh negotiations every time that EU policies change.
This situation, Avery claims, has proved frustrating for Swiss business, which has no certainty of access to the EU. But he is correct in saying that it has irritated the EU - to such an extent that last year the EU (including Britain) resolved to make no more agreements with Switzerland unless it accepts a "new institutional approach". This means that the Swiss model must become more like the EEA.
On top of this, Avery continues: … came last year's referendum on "mass immigration" in which the Swiss people by a small majority (50.3%) instructed their government to impose quotas on workers from the EU. If that is implemented – as it must be by February 2017 – a crisis is inevitable. It contravenes the bilateral agreement on free movement of workers, and if that falls, the other agreements giving Switzerland access to European markets automatically fall.
Faced with this prospect, opinion in Switzerland is deeply divided. Some argue that the bilateral agreements must be preserved. Others say that the country should move forward and join the EU, or at least the EEA. Others are in favour of pulling back from the EU altogether. Signatures are being collected for a referendum to cancel the earlier referendum.
Meanwhile, the Swiss government is playing for time, with national elections due in October, and no compulsion to act until February 2017. Uncertainty about access to the EU is troubling for Swiss business, which fears an economic slowdown. Most commentators agree that relations with the EU have reached an impasse. "The whole relationship between Switzerland and the EU is now in complete uncertainty", says Professor René Schwok of Geneva University. In response, it would not be right for me to say that I could write something very similar. I have already written something very similar – in
Essentially, there is no merit in the so-called Swiss "model" as an alternative to UK membership of the EU. It was never really a conscious "model" as such - more of a ramshackle series of arrangements, cobbled together by the Swiss Government after the people rejected membership of the EEA in their 1992 referendum.
And now, with the rejection of the "free movement" provisions, EU-Swiss relations are in crisis, with a deadline for resolution in February 2017. And that timeline puts Switzerland in the frame during the run-up to our own referendum, when the stresses and failings of the model will be high profile.
Yet this failing "bilateral" model is precisely what is being championed by the likes of Daniel Hannan, and formed the basis of all six winning entries for the shambolic IEA "Brexit" competition, judged by the Lord Lawson who understood the concept about as well as he did once the ERM.
This leaves a huge hole in the "eurosceptic" armoury, where many of the campaigners still fail to understand the importance of having a credible exit plan, based on a sound alternative to EU membership.
The Europhiles of British Influence have so far have shown themselves not to be the sharpest knives in the draw, and if they can rip to shred the Hannan-preferred model already, they will have a field day when the EU insists that Switzerland adopts something closer to the EEA – the very option that the Hannanites have turned their back on.
What we will find though is that, as the EEA option is further strengthened, the options set out in Flexcit will come into their own – which is hardly surprising as so many people have contributed to its development.
That at least is some comfort for, as one corner of the "eurosceptic" argument collapses, there will be a rock of stability that can hold the campaign together. British Influence will not find any easy pickings there. We will eat them alive. Switzerland's bumpy ride with the EU began in 1992, when its people voted against the European Economic Area, Avery writes. Unlike other EFTA countries, it followed a "bilateral" path, negotiating a series of agreements with the EU, sector by sector, so that it obtained access to the European market by accepting the corresponding EU rules.Under these agreements, much of EU law now applies to Switzerland. But unlike the EEA, says Avery (not altogether accurately) "which makes EU rules automatically applicable to Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein", the Swiss model requires fresh negotiations every time that EU policies change.This situation, Avery claims, has proved frustrating for Swiss business, which has no certainty of access to the EU. But he is correct in saying that it has irritated the EU - to such an extent that last year the EU (including Britain) resolved to make no more agreements with Switzerland unless it accepts a "new institutional approach". This means that the Swiss model must become more like the EEA.On top of this, Avery continues:In response, it would not be right for me to say that I could write something very similar. I havewritten something very similar – in Flexcit , posted well over a year ago.Essentially, there is no merit in the so-called Swiss "model" as an alternative to UK membership of the EU. It was never really a conscious "model" as such - more of a ramshackle series of arrangements, cobbled together by the Swiss Government after the people rejected membership of the EEA in their 1992 referendum.And now, with the rejection of the "free movement" provisions, EU-Swiss relations are in crisis, with a deadline for resolution in February 2017. And that timeline puts Switzerland in the frame during the run-up to our own referendum, when the stresses and failings of the model will be high profile.Yet this failing "bilateral" model is precisely what is being championed by the likes of Daniel Hannan, and formed the basis of all six winning entries for the shambolic IEA "Brexit" competition, judged by the Lord Lawson who understood the concept about as well as he did once the ERM.This leaves a huge hole in the "eurosceptic" armoury, where many of the campaigners still fail to understand the importance of having a credible exit plan, based on a sound alternative to EU membership.The Europhiles ofhave so far have shown themselves not to be the sharpest knives in the draw, and if they can rip to shred the Hannan-preferred model already, they will have a field day when the EU insists that Switzerland adopts something closer to the EEA – the very option that the Hannanites have turned their back on.What we will find though is that, as the EEA option is further strengthened, the options set out inwill come into their own – which is hardly surprising as so many people have contributed to its development.That at least is some comfort for, as one corner of the "eurosceptic" argument collapses, there will be a rock of stability that can hold the campaign together.will not find any easy pickings there. We will eat them alive.
The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) released its official fuel economy rating for the new 2017 Hyundai Ioniq Electric, the Korean automaker's first all-electric car, and it took the first spot as the most efficient car rated by the agency – dethroning the BMW i3.
With an EPA-rated range of 124 miles on only a 28 kWh battery pack, the vehicle outperforms any other EV.
The official MPGe equivalent is 150 in city driving and 112 for highway – for a combined city/highway of 136.
To be fair, not all 2017 version of the electric vehicles have been tested yet, but it's also not like the Ioniq Electric is the first one and considering it has a significant lead over the second best (136 vs 124 for the 2017 BMW i3), it's not likely to be dethroned for a while.
Here are the current top 7 listed by the EPA:
The vehicle, which has been on the market in Korea since the beginning of the year, arrived in Europe earlier this month and it is expected to go on sale in North America during the first quarter 2017.
Pricing hasn't been announced in the US yet, but it starts at £28,995 ($37,900 USD) in the UK – making the vehicle competitive with the Nissan LEAF, BMW i3 or VW e-Golf.
It might be more difficult for the vehicle in the US since it will likely compete in markets where the Chevy Bolt EV will be available at roughly the same price, but twice the energy capacity and about 100 miles more range.
But Hyundai appears to be committing to its new electric vehicle platform and it is planning to release 4 new electric vehicles by 2020, including potentially a 200+ miles range version of the Ioniq Electric.
Have you ever had a transcendental experience with pork? Well, last weekend at the La Quercia // Magnolia prosciutto and beer tasting at 18 Reasons, Tala and I did. We had the good fortune of sitting in a room, sampling 6 fine cured prosciutto products from La Quercia (pronounced La Kwair-cha), out of Norwalk, Iowa paired with 5 great beers from local favorite Magnolia Brewery.
Herb and Kathy Eckhouse started La Quercia after spending several years living in Parma, Italy, and being inspired by the delicious food products from the area. Coming from Iowa, they felt confident that the resources and farmers there could offer them the exceptional raw material (great pork) they needed to make out of this world prosciutto. Turns out, they were right.
We tasted 6 products from La Quercia, including two of their acorn fed or finished prosciuttos. One of these was hand shaved by Herb on the spot. This pork was flavorful and complex, with a distinct nutty overtone. It had luscious fat and tender meat – Tala's favorite for sure.
The one I loved the most, though, was the Speck – smoked prosciutto. It's much more delicate than American bacon, which also smoked pork. The fibers were short, the smoke flavor was slight and understated, and the meat was delicious. This could be because it was paired with my favorite Magnolia beer, the Cole Porter. The subtle smoke in the meat, combined with the malty nuttiness of the beer was a match made in heaven for me.
In a product as simple as this – as Herb and Kathy said, they only have 2 ingredients, salt and pork – the quality of the ingredients really matters. La Quercia's relationships with their farmers are critical here; where they are involved in many aspects of the husbandry, rearing, and finishing of the pigs that eventually become La Quercia's cornerstone products.
I can't recommend this prosciutto enough – everything was delicious and tender, delicate and versatile. It's readily available in our area, at places like Whole Foods, Bi-Rite, and Berkeley Bowl, and they have a diverse line of products including salame, guanciale, and lardo. Make sure you pick some up for your next party, and let us know what you think in the comments!
Special thanks to Joe Ruvel from Beer at Joe's, who invited us to cover this great event at 18 Reasons. What a great time!
Game Of Thrones‘ executive producers David Benioff and D.B. Weiss have been saying for a while that the next season of the HBO blockbuster would consist of fewer episodes than usual and that it would likely open later. Today we officially learned that those episodes are going to be airing a couple of months later with a summer 2017 premiere of the seven-episode season and that will have an Emmy effect.
The Emmy winning show based on George R.R. Martin's novels commonly starts its seasons in April of every year so a shift to a summer 2017 launch will see GoT out of the running for TV Academy voters next year. HBO confirms today the shift will leave the annual TV ceremony GoTless next year. To be eligible a show must run between June 1 and May 31, according to Primetime Emmy rules. Having won Best Drama last year, GoT received 23 Emmy Award nominations this year. No doubt this will come up when GoT makes its annual Hall H appearance at Comic-Con later this week but for now the only word is corporate.
Related ‘Game Of Thrones' David Benioff & D.B. Weiss On Shocking Season 6 Finale
“Now that winter has arrived on Game Of Thrones, executive producers David Benioff and D.B. Weiss felt that the storylines of the next season would be better served by starting production a little later than usual, when the weather is changing,” said Casey Bloys, president, HBO programming today. “Instead of the show's traditional spring debut, we're moving the debut to summer to accommodate the shooting schedule.”
Also, the seven episode run of Season 7 is a drop from the 10-episodes that the series has usually run each season. Additionally, the EPs have said that they think GoT will wrap up with Season 8 – which is also expected to be shortened.
Directors of the Northern Ireland, Spain and Iceland filmed Season 7 will include GoT vets Mark Mylod, Jeremy Podeswa, Matt Shakman and Alan Taylor says HBO.
Quote “This is by far the most requested game we get asked for by the Linux community,” said Elizabeth Howard, Aspyr's Vice President of Publishing. “Besides daily inquiries asking for Sid Meier's Civilization® VI, we've also received 12 dozen warm chocolate chip cookies as well as squishy Linux penguins toys for the entire office. To say that we are excited to bring Sid Meier's Civilization® VI to Linux is an understatement.”
It's been a bit of a ride, but we now have it confirmed for sure that Civilization VI [ Steam ] is coming to Linux, and the release isn't far off. We are able to confirm this with permission before the official announcement from Aspyr Media that is due later today.Note: I will just update this post when Aspyr do their official announcement.I cannot confirm to you the actual release date, but I can confirm if everything goes as planned that you won't be kept waiting much longer.Aspyr Media ported the game to Mac not too long after the Windows release, but Linux gamers had been left waiting as Aspyr stated they were still checking the "feasibility" of a port to get it up to scratch. I've seen a lot of people claim Aspyr had "abandoned" us and other interesting things, but clearly not! I did previously state it was clear that Linux was firmly in their minds, as they were repeatedly mentioning the Linux version in tweets.I will be speaking with Aspyr Media who have agreed to answer a few of my questions, but that will be saved for another time. If you have any questions burning in your mind, feel free to let me know in the comments and I might be able to include them.This is really fantastic news. Not only are Aspyr Media back in the game for Linux & SteamOS, but we get another insanely popular title.Finally, as a bit of fun, try to guess what this image from Aspyr Media provided to me means (I already know):Click to make it bigger. They seem a little familiar ...If 2017 could continue on like this, that would be grand.: Aspyr have now announced it on their official blog : It is now also showing on SteamDB for those interested.
In late September 2015, G Herbo subtly announced the name of his official debut album: "I Remember What I Use To Be.. What I Use To Do And What I Use To Have.. I'm Humble.. Humble Beast." Ever since, fans have been fiending for the LP. Now, almost two years later, his official debut album Humble Beast is finally on the way, and not only does XXL have the exclusive first look at the album cover (below), but we're also premiering the official lead single off the LP, "Red Snow," produced by Chicago mainstay C-Sick. Watch the video below.
Herbo's long been one of the illest lyricists in the game, and the triumphant production on "Red Snow," filled with horns, is an effective juxtaposition to Herbo's bleak lyrics. The song focuses on the struggles faced by youths in Chicago, and the hook drives the point home: "I know I rap a lot about being dead or dead broke/But my city starving, this is the go, that's just the way it goes/They're stealin', robbin', livin' heartless, never hit they target/The summer's long and winter's harsh 'cause we got red snow."
"'Red Snow' is important to me because it's from my heart, during a time when so many people were dying around me," says Herbo about the single, which he recorded in winter of 2016. "The video just shows how immune and numb kids like me have become to violence in the ghettos like Chicago all over the world."
Humble Beast drops this summer. Watch the video for "Red Snow" below, and in case you missed it, check out Herbo's latest project, the astounding Strictly 4 My Fans .
Machine Entertainment Group / 150 Dream Team
The ten most median things about Easter
I originally wrote this for my old secular student blog. But, in the great Jesus-y Easter tradition, I will re-tell this post four mutually contradictory times for some reason, and this is number two.
I'm not a big fan of “top 10” lists. Sometimes I want to hear about the average-most items that end up in lists. So here is my list of the 10 most median things about Easter. They aren't the best or worst things to be said.. in fact they should all fall within one standard deviation of the most average thing that might be said of the holiday.
Also, I want Easter to also be about celebrating Central Limit Theorem.
The bad stuff
10. Human sacrifice is a disgusting, barbaric concept. Doesn't matter if this one case really happened or not.
9. You probably didn't need to gain those 5 pounds.
8. One thing the Earth doesn't need? More fertility. There are 7 billion of us. We can probably stop celebrating our reproductive success now.
7. If you know that you can't die, then resurrection is a parlor trick, not a meaningful event. It's like Groundhog Day, but with the alternate ending where almost everyone burns in hell for eternity.
6. Parents lying to their children sometimes leads to said kids developing more skepticism, but it almost always increases mistrust and resentment, which no family needs any of. So be straight with your kids: there is no Easter Jesus.
The good stuff
5. The Cadbury Supremacy hypothesis. This is my own theory that whenever God competes with chocolate, God loses and chocolate wins. This is in spite of Christians having the early advantage of an edible savior. Remember when Halloween was about religion? Yeah, me either. Halloween is about candy, and there wasn't room for both. Likewise for Christmas. It's not commercialism my dear wailing “War on Christmas” Christians, it's the coco. You might as well change the name of Christmas to “Halloween II” right now. For Easter, the cultural chocolate domination is not as total as for Halloween, but it's just a matter of time.
4. You get to learn who the fair weather Christianity fans are through the magic and idiocy of Facebook. Folks that have logged more hours at Starbucks and the Spearmint Rhino than any chapel will suddenly be digitally devout.
3. Easter necessarily, if subconsciously, connects Catholicism with the innocent amusement of children. Thus, Easter serves as a subtle psychological reminder of the Vatican's unworldly opinion of child rapists.
2. Eggs are fucking delicious. It's surprising that we let any of them turn into chickens.
1. Easter is more concerned about celebrating sex than any other holidays. Especially you, Arbor Day. Yeah, I went there. Fuck you, Arbor Day!
Happy Easter, folks.
The Trump administration this week announced new tariffs on imported solar panels. Sebastien Bozon/AFP/Getty Images
The sun keeps shining on renewables.
Solar, wind, hydro and thermal power will generate more than a quarter of the world's electricity by 2020, as cheaper manufacturing costs and better financing make renewables the planet's largest source of new energy over the next five years, the International Energy Agency, an independent analysis organization made up of 29 member nations, predicted Friday.
“Renewables are poised to seize the crucial top spot in global power supply growth, but this is hardly time for complacency,” IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol said in a statement. “Governments must remove the question marks over renewables if these technologies are to achieve their full potential, and put our energy system on a more secure, sustainable path.”
Renewable energy's share of the global market is expected to exceed 26 percent by 2020 – greater than China, India and Brazil's current energy demand combined and up from 22 percent in 2013, the agency said. Solar and wind alone will make up close to half that total growth.
Renewables may play an especially critical role in emerging economies, which traditionally have relied on heavily polluting coal plants for electricity needs. Coal still churned out 29 percent of the world's energy in 2014, second only to oil, but as renewables' prices have fallen – and as nations such as China and India have announced plans to begin cleaning their air by depending more on clean energy over coal – that dominance may be diminishing.
“Affordable renewables are set to dominate the emerging power systems of the world,” Birol said. “With excellent hydro, solar and wind resources, improving cost-effectiveness and policy momentum, renewables can play a critical role in supporting economic growth and energy access in Sub-Saharan Africa, meeting almost two-thirds of the region's new demand needs over the next five years.”
In the U.S., renewables generation ticked up slightly in 2014 as the use of coal fell.
The report was released as energy ministers from the Group of 20 major economies, or G-20, reaffirmed their nations' shared commitment to expanding renewable energy during their first-ever summit in Turkey on Friday, and two months ahead of a potentially historic U.N. climate summit in Paris, where leaders hope to achieve an accord to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and slow climate change.
The app can alert you about meteor showers, comets, stages of the moon, planet conjunctions, lunar eclipses and it's all customisable. It's perfect for those who want to see some cool sights but don't spend a lot of time pouring over star charts and using software to predict where planets will be. It's just a lightweight, attractive calendar that keeps you in the know.
What we really like about Solaris are the little details. The colour scheme is deliberately dark to not be too distracting if you're out stargazing. Most interestingly there are lots of hidden features and extra functionality that you can unlock, not by paying for more content but by playing little games. There are Easter eggs and if you find them you get access to even more features. For example, if you find the hidden planet in the app you'll get access to the times that planets rise and set for your location. The most important functionality is there from the start but it's fun to unlock extras just by exploring the app.
Solaris Sky Calendar is available on iOS for £1.49.
Main image © Oleksandr Potryvaiev
Coordinates:
Sandals Cay (formerly called Kokomo Island) is part of the privately owned Sandals Royal Caribbean all-inclusive resort in Montego Bay, Jamaica. It is apparent that Sandals has an almost identical island in their Nassau, Bahamas location called the Royal Bahamian. The original name for the island came from the song "Kokomo," written by John Phillips, Mike Love, Terry Melcher, and Scott McKenzie, and performed by The Beach Boys. The inspiration for the song was a pool-side bar in Islamorada, in the Florida Keys.
It is a very small island (2.5 acres or 1.012 hectares), and according to the Sandals Royal Caribbean website, the only amenities on the island are a Thai restaurant, a swimming pool, a jacuzzi, a bar, and a secluded beach. The island caters to couples on tropical getaways.
Washington has become Versailles. We are ruled, entertained and informed by courtiers. The popular media are courtiers. The Democrats, like the Republicans, are courtiers. Our pundits and experts are courtiers. We are captivated by the hollow stagecraft of political theater as we are ruthlessly stripped of power. It is smoke and mirrors, tricks and con games. We are being had.
The past week was a good one if you were a courtier. We were instructed by the high priests on television over the past few days to mourn a Sunday morning talk show host, who made $5 million a year and who gave a platform to the powerful and the famous so they could spin, equivocate and lie to the nation. We were repeatedly told by these television courtiers, people like Tom Brokaw and Wolf Blitzer, that this talk show host was one of our nation's greatest journalists, as if sitting in a studio, putting on makeup and chatting with Dick Cheney or George W. Bush have much to do with journalism.
No journalist makes $5 million a year. No journalist has a comfortable, cozy relationship with the powerful. No journalist believes that acting as a conduit, or a stenographer, for the powerful is a primary part of his or her calling. Those in power fear and dislike real journalists. Ask Seymour Hersh and Amy Goodman how often Bush or Cheney has invited them to dinner at the White House or offered them an interview.
All governments lie, as I.F. Stone pointed out, and it is the job of the journalist to do the hard, tedious reporting shining a light on these lies. It is the job of courtiers, those on television playing the role of journalists, to feed off the scraps tossed to them by the powerful and never question the system. In the slang of the profession, these television courtiers are “throats.” These courtiers, including the late Tim Russert, never gave a voice to credible critics in the buildup to the war against Iraq. They were too busy playing their roles as red-blooded American patriots. They never fought back in their public forums against the steady erosion of our civil liberties and the trashing of our Constitution. These courtiers blindly accept the administration's current propaganda to justify an attack on Iran. They parrot this propaganda. They dare not defy the corporate state. The corporations that employ them make them famous and rich. It is their Faustian pact. No class of courtiers, from the eunuchs behind Manchus in the 19th century to the Baghdad caliphs of the Abbasid caliphate, has ever transformed itself into a responsible elite. Courtiers are hedonists of power.
Our Versailles was busy this past week. The Democrats passed the FISA bill, which provides immunity for the telecoms that cooperated with the National Security Agency's illegal surveillance over the past six years. This bill, which when signed means we will never know the extent of the Bush White House's violation of our civil liberties, is expected to be adopted by the Senate. Barack Obama has promised to sign it in the name of national security. The bill gives the U.S. government a license to eavesdrop on our phone calls and e-mails. It demolishes our right to privacy. It endangers the work of journalists, human rights workers, crusading lawyers and whistle-blowers who attempt to expose abuses the government seeks to hide. These private communications can be stored indefinitely and disseminated, not just to the U.S. government but to other governments as well. The bill, once signed into law, will make it possible for those in power to identify and silence anyone who dares to make public information that defies the official narrative.
Being a courtier, and Obama is one of the best, requires agility and eloquence. The most talented of them can be lauded as persuasive actors. They entertain us. They make us feel good. They convince us they are our friends. We would like to have dinner with them. They are the smiley faces of a corporate state that has hijacked the government and is raping the nation. When the corporations make their iron demands, these courtiers drop to their knees, whether to placate the telecommunications companies that fund their campaigns and want to be protected from lawsuits, or to permit oil and gas companies to rake in obscene profits and keep in place the vast subsidies of corporate welfare doled out by the state.
We cannot differentiate between illusion and reality. We trust courtiers wearing face powder who deceive us in the name of journalism. We trust courtiers in our political parties who promise to fight for our interests and then pass bill after bill to further corporate fraud and abuse. We confuse how we feel about courtiers like Obama and Russert with real information, facts and knowledge. We chant in unison with Obama that we want change, we yell “yes we can,” and then stand dumbly by as he coldly votes away our civil liberties. The Democratic Party, including Obama, continues to fund the war. It refuses to impeach Bush and Cheney. It allows the government to spy on us without warrants or cause. And then it tells us it is our salvation. This is a form of collective domestic abuse. And, as so often happens in the weird pathology of victim and victimizer, we keep coming back for more.
Chris Hedges, who was a Pulitzer Prize-winning foreign correspondent for The New York Times, says he will vote for Ralph Nader for president.
A straight-to-DVD release from 2010, Death Hunter is undeniably a very bad B-movie. You can see that the filmmakers set out to make an interesting film, but they failed. Most of these passion projects have something inspiring about them, you know, a vibe of “the little film that could”. Death Hunter, unfortunately, is more a case of “the little film that couldn't”.
Somewhere in the Southwest: a remote area without a petrol station, without people, and without cell-phone reception. An area where, it seems, not even a compass will work. This area is, for some reason, swarming with werewolves and vampires, and several people who get stuck in that area by accident or because they think it is a good destination for a camping trip will end up having to face these creatures.
As you can see from this description, there are elements of your basic slasher horror in here, but this film also features tales of escape and revenge.
This film is an example – albeit not a good one – of Southwestern Gothic. It tries to tap into that vibe through some of the music, the sets and the setting: it was shot on location in Arizona, and there are lots of shots of deserts and cacti, and we get to see a rattle-snake and even catch a glimpse of an adobe-style building.
The opening credits are cheap but effective – the type of thing I like: know your limitations and try to achieve the best you can. Unfortunately, it goes straight downhill from here and after 80+ boring minutes, the films ends with a very anti-climactic show-down and a tonally jarring coda.
The quality of the acting in this film ranges from solid to hammy, with the extras clearly being amateur performers, crew members, or friends and family of the filmmakers. With the acting mostly being sub-par, the film unfortunately has no other elements that could make up for that. The sound effects are not good, and the sounds the monsters make are particularly dull. Also dull is the “atmospheric” score music, while most of the other music choices are either boring or questionable. More importantly, there is a general sound issue, with the dialogue phasing in and out making it difficult to understand the lines.
There is no fight choreography – in fact there are nearly no one-on-one fights, and if there are they are mostly off-camera or only half a second long. The practical effects and the monster make-up are, for the most part, atrociously bad. As are almost all of the design elements that have been edited in later (like piles of bones, for example) and look like they have been photoshoped in by an intern. The sole bright spot is a CG werewolf that is sort-of-OK looking in a basic-cable-TV kind of way.
This film is strictly chronological, but still the structure of the film is confusing. 55 minutes into this film we are introduced to a whole new set of characters in a scene that ordinarily would serve as the opening scene of a monster or slasher film. But by this time, we already had two such openings. The particulars of that scene and those that follow it leave me convinced that the original plan was to open the film with those scenes and then tell the story out of chronological order, through different timelines and flashbacks; and that that plan was abandoned at some point with the filmmakers opting for the chronological approach instead.
Actors who deliver decent performances and can be assumed to have some potential include the four “late arrivals” to the plot, Mark Alderson, Adrienne Embery, Charlotte Bell, and James Ryan. You can add to that list Shari Wiedmann, Rich Williams, Candis Brown, and Adrian Burks. There are other performances that seem promising, but are so short that it is hard to tell – Erin McMillan's short moment on camera would be one example.
The two main characters in this story are competently portrayed by Mike Lawler and Sam McConkey. But McConkey is an odd choice as the male lead, and I believe that he is miscast here. He is clearly a very talented actor, and the few scenes in which we see him as an average Joe and husband are very good. But he does not convince as the “lone, brooding hero” – not an acting problem, just a problem with looks, physique, and screen-presence.
Likewise, Mike Lawler seems to be a good actor, but he too seems to be slightly miscast. He also would have needed more guidance by the director, as at no point do you feel that he believes in anything his character has to say – small wonder considering the trite and wooden lines his role is burdened with. The mode of speech Lawler chose for his character (a half-quiet, slightly slurring mumble) clashes in an unfortunate manner with the technical deficits in the sound department mentioned above, and this tragic combination makes Lawler sound like he is suffering from a stroke on camera.
Given the limitations these two central actors have in these particular roles, it should come as no surprise that the chemistry between the two characters is not what it should be in a film like this where their relationship is meant to be of pivotal importance for the hero.
I have mentioned the confusing narrative structure of the film. The writing in general is not up to B-movie standards and as writer and director (and, I have to assume, producer) are one and the same person, Dustin Rikert, the blame lies with him. On paper, there is a lot of stuff going on in this story, and still the film is mostly oddly slow-paced and boring. An endless amount of time is spent with us watching various characters wandering aimlessly through the desert. To say that this film has a pacing issue would be a euphemism. There is also a general lack of fresh ideas, and so the film falls back on using tired old tropes in the writing as well as the dialogue itself.
Need examples?
Horror trope no. 1: “Pregnant? Did you say you're pregnant?” Horror trope no. 2: “You are the Chosen One! The Prophecy has foretold it!” Horror trope no. 3: “Sometimes we don't get to choose our destiny […], sometimes it chooses us.”
Any more questions?
As it stands, the whole film is completely anti-climactic and is never able to build up an arc of suspense. There is never any sense of urgency, very little sense of determination, and often the characters' plans and motivations are far from clear. That goes especially for the head villain who is so lacklustre and underdeveloped that I cannot even be bothered to deal with him in this review.
This film is not quite as bad as Immortal Enemy or Vampiro, but at least those films have “so-bad-it's-good” potential, which Death Hunter definitely has not. It pains me a bit, because this film feels like the filmmakers had the best of intentions. This was no B-movie money-grab or tax write-off, it feels like the filmmakers were really making an honest effort, just like the people behind Dead West, but ended up with a film that has far less redeeming features than the latter.
All things considered, I cannot recommend this film to anyone, and cannot rate it any higher than 1.0 to 1.5 out of 10.
PS: On DVD, this film has been marketed under different names (including Night of the Vampires) or with added sub-headings, like Werewolves vs. Vampires. The latter is particularly misleading as there are no vampires and werewolves fighting against each other at any point in this film. In fact, there is a deleted scene on my DVD which involves a line of dialogue indicating that they co-operate rather than fight. I am pretty sure that Werewolves vs. Vampires was added to the title in order to ride some Twilight coattails.
Advertisements
One of the first places I visited in Cape Town was a Saturday farmers' market next to an organic garden called the Oranjezicht City Farm. It's nestled in a well-off neighborhood, right at the foot of Table Mountain, rocky crags towering overhead.
“Two years ago we took over a derelict bowling green,” says Sheryl Ozinsky, who helped build this place. “It hadn't been used for years and years and wasn't maintained by the city, and we've turned it into a magnificent Dutch-style vegetable farm.”
Sheryl launches into her narrative about cleaning up the neighborhood, building community and growing and eating locally-grown, organic food. But why her, and why this project?
“I was the chairman of the neighborhood watch and I was attacked in my home 10 years ago,” Sheryl says. “That changed my whole life — and what I thought my role in life was.”
Whatever I expected Sheryl to say, it wasn't this. I don't know it yet, but this will happen to me repeatedly during my time in Cape Town. I'll be interviewing someone about one thing, and the next thing I know, we're talking about crime and violence.
“This was a derelict place full of drug dealers, full of bad characters,” she continues. “No children ever came here. It's not so much about the vegetables. It's much more about getting to know your neighbors, the community coming out from behind their high walls.”
(Since Jeb's visit, the Saturday "Market Day" — just the market, not the farm itself — has been moved to a new site after a zoning controversy.)
A few days later, we meet again at the same spot. There's a strong wind blowing, and the farm feels more desolate without the hubbub of the Saturday market. We retreat into a big empty barn with high ceilings and a floor made of wide planks.
One of the things Sheryl discovered when she embarked on this project was that this was the site of Cape Town's original colonial farm. This building is where the slaves lived. “They lived here 300 years ago, so there's a lot of energy here that needs to be resurrected somehow,” she says.
We go back to the conversation we started a few days before at the farmers' market. I know by now that Sheryl is a mover and shaker in Cape Town, descended from Russian immigrants who arrived in the 1920s. She started out as a marine biologist, did a stint as Cape Town's tourism director and helped launch the city's gay pride festival.
“I was always doing and doing and doing,” she says. “That's what I was doing. Then I suddenly one day had an incident that happened to me and I didn't do anymore because I was so traumatized.”
It was a robbery attempt — in broad daylight, in her home, at 9 on a Sunday morning. “I had a gun to my head and my pajama top pulled off me,” she remembers.
Sheryl screamed. Her partner screamed. The attackers ran. Ten years later, she still has flashbacks: “If I go near a window at home and I look down, because that's where I saw the guy first, I remember.”
Sheryl knows she shares this kind of trauma with many other South Africans, and she has a visceral sense of why it happens.
“It's about people who have, and people who don't have," she says. "It's about opportunity, and it's about apartheid, and where we've come from. I'm not excusing it at all, but I understand why people do things that are ... that are not right.”
Sheryl says the legacy of apartheid is now crime, and her country now has to fight a different battle — its own reaction to danger. “It's not so much about freedom any more," she says. "It's about us putting ourselves into our own prisons because we have to protect ourselves."
Everywhere I go in Cape Town, I see grates and locks and barbed wire — and not just in wealthy communities. Behind every locked door seems to be a story of violence. Living with the twisted legacy of a brutal history makes life here challenging and at times scary, but Sheryl is not about to give up.
“You can't be a sissy to live in Africa,” she says. “You've got to be robust. You've got to be resilient. You've got to get up, dust yourself off and keep going. That's what it's about. Because otherwise, what's life about?”
For her, right now, it's about being back at the farmers' market she helped create, every Saturday, selling produce.
Jeb's stories from Cape Town were produced in collaboration with South African journalist Kim Cloete.
Asherah, along with Astarte and Anath, was one of the three great goddesses of the Canaanite pantheon. In Canaanite religion her primary role was that of mother goddess. In mythological texts from the Late Bronze Age (c. 1550–1200 b.c.e.) city-state of Ugarit, she is called “the creatress of the gods”; her consort at Ugarit, the god El, is called “creator.” El is also referred to as father and patriarch at Ugarit, as Asherah, likewise, is called mother. Their children form the pantheon of the gods, who are said to number seventy; a Hittite myth similarly mentions the seventy-seven and eighty-eight children of Asherah. On occasion in Ugaritic myth, Asherah performs the maternal role of wet nurse. Ugaritic and other Canaanite materials further associate Asherah with lions (indicating power), serpents (representing immortality or healing), and sacred trees (signifying fertility). Thus Asherah's children at Ugarit can be called her “pride of lions”; the goddess is called “lady of the serpent” in second-millennium b.c.e. inscriptions from the Sinai; the late-thirteenth-century b.c.e. Lachish ewer dedicated to Asherah is decorated with images of sacred trees.
The Canaanite association of Asherah with sacred trees is also found in Israelite tradition. For example, one of the Canaanite epithets of Asherah, elat, “goddess,” is etymologically identical to the Hebrew word for the terebinth tree (ela). Another word for “terebinth” (alla) and two words for “oak” (elon and allon) are also closely related. Gen 2:4b–3:24 may further suggest the association of Asherah with sacred trees, since the way that Eve, “the mother of all living” (3:20), is described in the Eden story mimics in certain respects the role of the Canaanite mother goddess Asherah. If a correspondence holds, then the trees of life and of knowledge in the Eden narrative may also reflect Asherah imagery.
Most significant, though, in demonstrating Israel's association of Asherah with sacred trees are biblical materials that describe the asherah (singular) or asherim (plural), the cult object(s) that are associated with the goddess Asherah more than thirty times in the Hebrew Bible. These cult objects are generally described as being in the shape of a pole or stylized tree. Like a pole or tree, they can be said to be planted, stood up, or erected. Conversely, when destroyed, these cult symbols can be described as being cut down, hewn down, or uprooted; they can also be said to be burned, overturned, or broken. Both the Greek and Latin translations of the Bible, moreover, render the words asherah and asherim as “grove” or “wood.”
According to the biblical record, these sacred poles or stylized trees associated with Asherah were erected by the Israelites throughout most of their history, especially during the premonarchic (tribal) period (Judg 6:25–26, 28, 30)) and during the period of the divided monarchy, both in the northern kingdom of Israel (1Kgs 14:15; 16:33; 2 Kgs 13:6; 17:10, 16; 23:15; and parallel references in 2 Chronicles) and in Judah, in the south (1 Kgs 14:23, 15:13; 2 Kgs 18:4; 21:3, 7; 23:6, 14; and parallel references in 2 Chronicles). These sacred poles were situated in various locations. In Judges 6, a sacred pole of Asherah is said to have stood beside the altar of the Canaanite storm god, Baal. The Bible also connects sacred poles with the “high places” (open-air cult sites?) and frequently mentions that they stood “on every high hill and under every green tree” (1 Kgs 14:23; 2 Kgs 17:10; 18:4; 21:3; 23:13–14; 2 Chr 14:3; 17:6; 31:1; 33:3, 19; 34:3; Jer 17:2). Both of these phrases are stereotypically used by the biblical writers to describe sites of idolatrous worship, implying, as does Judges 6, that the worship of Asherah was an apostate behavior in Israel and improper for followers of YHWH.
Yet despite these and other references associating Asherah with apostasy (for example, Exod 34:13; Deut 7:5; 12:3; Judg 3:7; 1 Kgs 18:19), and despite the fact that the Israelites are explicitly forbidden in Deut 16:21 to erect one of Asherah's sacred poles beside an altar of YHWH, there are multiple indications in biblical tradition that many in ancient Israel did regard Asherah's cult icon as an appropriate sacred symbol within the religion of YHWH. For example, one of Asherah's sacred poles stood next to YHWH's altar at Bethel, one of the two great cult sites of the northern kingdom of Israel (2 Kgs 23:15). Another of Asherah's sacred poles stood in that kingdom's capital city, Samaria. The sacred pole of Samaria, moreover, which was erected during the reign of King Ahab (reigned 873–852 b.c.e.), was allowed to remain standing by the reformer King Jehu (1 Kgs 16:33; 2 Kgs 13:6), even though Jehu was generally at pains to remove all non-Yahwistic cults and cult imagery from the land. This fact suggests that Jehu perceived the sacred pole as appropriate in the worship of YHWH.
Archaeological discoveries from the late 1970s and early 1980s have further indicated that, at least in the opinion of some ancient Israelites, YHWH and Asherah were appropriately worshipped as a pair. From the site of Kuntillet ‘Ajrud, in the eastern Sinai, come three ninth- or eighth-century b.c.e. inscriptions that mention YHWH and “his Asherah” (meaning YHWH's companion [consort?], the goddess Asherah) or “his asherah” (meaning YHWH's sacred pole that represents the goddess Asherah and that sits in his temple or beside his altar). An eighth-century b.c.e. inscription from Khirbet el-Qom, about twenty-five miles southwest of Jerusalem, contains similar language in 1 Kgs 15:13 and 2 Kgs 18:4, 21:7, and 23:6 (with parallels in 2 Chronicles) indicate that at least during certain points in the ninth, eighth, and seventh centuries b.c.e., Asherah's sacred pole was perceived as an appropriate icon to erect in Jerusalem, even in YHWH's temple. Also, vessels in the temple were used to make sacrifices to Asherah (2 Kgs 23:4), and in a compound within the temple's walls, women cult functionaries wove garments used to clothe Asherah's cult statue (2 Kgs 23:7). Thus it appears that, although generally the biblical writers—especially certain prophets (Isa 17:8; 27:9; Jer 17:2; Mic 5:14) and the authors responsible for Deuteronomy, Judges, 1 and 2 Kings, and 2 Chronicles—regarded Asherah worship as inappropriate, at least some and possibly many in ancient Israel incorporated the goddess's cult imagery and ritual into the cult of YHWH.
Unfortunately, our sources do not provide enough information to identify definitively which Israelites were particularly attracted to the worship of Asherah or the reasons for this attraction. One possibility is that in royal circles, especially in the southern capital city of Jerusalem, the cult of Asherah was particularly attractive to the king's mother. Not only was the queen mother's position in the palace generally paralleled by Asherah's position as mother goddess in the heavens, but also the queen mother's status as the wife of the king's father suggests an affinity to Asherah's cult. This is because southern royal ideology typically described the king's metaphorical father as YHWH. For those ancient Israelites who saw Asherah as YHWH's consort, this should suggest a correspondence between the queen mother, the wife of the king's biological father on earth, and Asherah, the wife of YHWH, who was the king's metaphorical father in the heavens.
Whether women, more generally, were more likely to be devotees of Asherah's cult is unknown. There is some biblical evidence that does see women as particularly attracted to goddess cults (for example, women's role in the cult of the queen of heaven, according to Jer 7:18 and 44:17–19, 25), and the various female figurines found in domestic contexts at multiple Israelite sites might also suggest this, assuming, as many scholars do, that women played an especially important role in family-centered religious activities. Nevertheless, the presence of Asherah's cult in the Jerusalem temple and in the cult city of Bethel indicates that worship of the goddess was also appealing to men, given that it was an all-male clergy that officiated at these (and at every) Israelite religious site.
The presence of Asherah's cult in Israel also raises questions about the nature of the monotheistic confession that is often assumed to be a core principle in Israelite faith. Generally speaking, biblical scholars assume that full-blown, radical, or philosophical monotheism came to Israel fairly late in its history, during the time of the exile in the sixth century b.c.e. Prior to this, we have abundant evidence that other gods and goddesses were worshipped in Israel in addition to (or sometimes instead of) YHWH. Yet even in these earlier materials, we sometimes see evidence of a phenomenon that comes to dominate in the exilic period: the impulse to assimilate the attributes of the many gods and goddesses of older polytheistic systems to the one god, YHWH. Language that speaks of God as mother, for example (as in Deut 32:18; Num 11:12–13; Isa 45:9–10, 49:15; 66:13), probably represents the assimilation of Asherah's maternal characteristics to YHWH.
The 2008 Minnesota Senate Election officially has a winner, at least according to the Election Contest Tribunal. The three judge ECC issued a 68 page order late Monday declaring Franken the winner. The body of the order is excerpted below:
ORDER FOR JUDGMENT Based on the above findings of fact and conclusions of law, and pursuant to Minn. Stat. § 209.12, the Court DECIDES, DECLARES, AND ADJUDGES that Contestee Al Franken is the party to the contest who received the highest number of votes legally cast in the 2008 United States Senate general election and is therefore entitled to receive the certificate of election. Accordingly, IT IS ORDERED that: 1. Contestants' Notice of Contest is dismissed with prejudice; 2. Contestee's Counterclaims are dismissed without prejudice as moot; 3. Pursuant to Minn. Stat. § 209.07, subd. 3, costs of the contest must be paid by Contestants, and Contestee and the Court shall prove up the applicable costs by affidavit after all proceedings in this matter are concluded; and 4. For the reasons stated in the Court's Order of March 2, 2009, imposing a sanction on Contestants, Contestee is awarded his reasonable costs and attorneys' fees in connection with Contestants' failure to disclose, such costs and fees to be proved up by affidavit. 5. Any request for relief in these proceedings not specifically granted herein is denied. There being no just reason for delay, LET JUDGMENT BE ENTERED ACCORDINGLY Dated: April 13 2009 Source: Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order for Judgment via MNCourts.gov [PDF]
Before the above order, the ECC presented 157 individual findings of fact over 24 pages. Finding #120 addresses the missing ballots in Minneapolis W3-P1 and findings #137 and #138 detail the voters whose ballots were opened and counted on April 7th:
120. Given the evidence presented, the Court finds that 132 ballots from Minneapolis Precinct 3-1 were cast and properly counted on Election Day and were lost at some point after they were counted on Election Day but before the administrative recount. ... 137. The evidence was sufficient to prove that the absentee ballots of the persons identified in Attachment A were legally cast and wrongfully rejected. 138. The following additions shall be made to the vote totals certified by the Board on January 5, 2009: 111 additional votes for Coleman and 198 additional votes for Franken. Source: Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order for Judgment via MNCourts.gov [PDF]
Attachment A contains the names and counties of 351 voters, along with a reference to the exhibit or court document in which they were originally presented. A greater majority of the exhibit reference appear to begin with an "F," meaning that the Franken campaign originally presented that voter's absentee ballot. This is not however a scientific analysis, simply a brief observation. I'll digitize the document later and provide an exact count at a later date.
Follwing the findings of fact, the court then presented two memorandums addressing specific, yet unresolved issues. The first memorandum is entitled "RULE 9/DOUBLE COUNTING MEMORANDUM" and can be characterized from the following excerpts on page 30 and 31 of the order, respectively:
Any argument that Contestants did not realize that Rule 9 might lead to possible "double counting" of ballots has been waived by their conduct and delay in raising this issue. This court emphasized in earlier orders that this is an expedited proceeding. Contestants' unreasonably delayed raising their claim and are now barred from asserting it. ... This Court received evidence that it is not uncommon for discrepancies to exist between the number of ballots cast in a precinct and the number of voters shown on Election Day rosters. These Election Day discrepancies can be caused by voters failing to sign rosters before voting and election judges failing to mark the acceptance of absentee ballots on the rosters. The Court cannot conclude that double counting occurred simply because the number of votes counted during the recount is greater than the number of voters on the rosters. Source: Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order for Judgment via MNCourts.gov [PDF]
Basically the court acknowledged that discrepancies between the number of physical voters and the number of physical votes existed, but the court was unmoved by the Contestant's [Coleman] attempts to prove that these discrepancies were caused by double counting.
The next memorandum is entitled "EQUAL PROTECTION MEMORANDUM," and as you might guess, deals with Coleman's equal protection claim. The court first summarized Coleman's argument on page 33 and then states, on page 37, that the proper jurisdiction for this argument lies within the US Senate:
I. Introduction Contestants argue that similarly-situated absentee ballots were treated differently throughout Minnesota's counties and cities, and that this inconsistent treatment implicates the Equal Protection Clauses of the United States and Minnesota Constitutions. The Court reviewed this argument respectfully in light of the mandates of the United States Constitution and the Minnesota Constitution that all persons similarly-situated be treated alike under the law. See U.S. CONST. amend. XIV, § 1; MINN. CONST. Art. 1, § 2. ... Thus, to the extent Contestants' equal protection argument alleges "deliberate, serious, and material violation[s]" of Minnesota's election laws, this Court lacks jurisdiction to make findings or conclusions on these points and the matter is preserved for the United States Senate. See Minn. Stat. § 209.12 ("Evidence ... including ... the question of the right of any person to nomination or office on the ground of deliberate, serious, and material violation of the provisions of the Minnesota Election Law, must be taken and preserved by the judge trying the contest. .. ."); U.S. CONST. Art. 1, § 5, Cl. 1 ("Each House shall be the Judge of the Elections, Returns and Qualifications of its own Members."); see also Odegard v. Olson, 119 N.W.2d 717, 719 (Minn. 1963). The Minnesota Supreme Court recently addressed this issue directly and ruled as follows: When the election contest concerns a congressional office, the only question to be decided is which candidate received the highest number of votes legally cast at the election. Minn. Stat. § 209.12 (2008). Nevertheless, evidence on any other issues specified in the notice of election contest is to be preserved and forwarded to the presiding officer of the Senate or House of Representatives of the United States, as the case may be. Id. Coleman v. Ritchie, 762 N.W.2d 218, 226 (Minn. 2009). Source: Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order for Judgment via MNCourts.gov [PDF]
The equal protection memorandum continues until page 56 and addresses many of Coleman's additional claim's by essentially stating that the 2008 Minnesota Senate Election administration was conducted in accordance with the US Constitution and the Minnesota Constitution. The ECC concluded their order by stating the following:
The citizens of Minnesota should be proud of their election system. Minnesota has one of the highest voter-participation rates in the country. The Office of the Minnesota Secretary of State and election officials throughout Minnesota's counties and cities are well-trained, fair, and conscientious and performed their duties admirably. Minnesota could not conduct elections without the hard work and diligence of its dedicated professionals and citizen volunteers, and the Court is proud of their service. Source: Findings of Fact, Conclusions of Law, and Order for Judgment via MNCourts.gov[PDF]
All that remains is for Gov. Tim Pawlenty (R) and SOS Mark Ritchie (D) to sign the Election Certificate as directed, although not legally obligated, by the above order. Coleman has 10 days to file an appeal to the MN Supreme Court, but the ECC states that the US Senate has the ultimate jurisdiction.
Al Franken officially received more votes than any other candidate, but his path to the US Senate may still be lined with political obstacles. The Coleman campaign has already acknowledged their intent to appeal, and there are rumors that Tim Pawlenty may not sign the certificate until the appeals process has ended. In any case, Al Franken received the most votes, by 312, for US Senate in the State of Minnesota on November 4th, 2008.
Update [3:08 AM CT]: I went ahead and parsed through Attachment A [CSV] and the results were mildly surprising:
Record # Ballots Coleman: 110 Franken: 193 (194) Nauen: 36 (37) Contestee's SJ: 10 Testimony: 1 Total: 351
The parentheses denote a voter who was listed within both a Franken Exhibit and a Nauen Summary Judgment order.
More than half of the 351 absentee ballots contained within Attachment A originated from evidence presented by the Franken Campaign. It's interesting to note that the number of ballots accepted from each campaign almost identically replicates the final result of the 351 ballots; the final allocation was Coleman 111, Franken 198 and 42 to Other. The most interesting inclusion does however come from a Coleman presented witness.
If you recall from the litigation proceedings, Robert Peter DeMuth filled out his voter registration form with the aid of a computer by digitally signing his absentee ballot request form. Mr. DeMuth's ballot was included in the ECC certified result as the ECC only required that the voter sign the physical envelope; which Mr. DeMuth apparently did.
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
March 26th, 2016
The vast majority of robotics research is funded by the military industrial complex.
There is a lot of dancing around that fact, but the reality is that it's governments' desire for more, cheaper and deadlier killing machines that's at the root of this.
Sure, the corporate drive to shrink payrolls is a large factor, but I see that as a by-product of the military work.
I found this piece interesting because it touches upon the efforts with perception management around autonomous systems; the sugar that helps the Rise of the Machines medicine go down.
With regard to the “soft fascism” described here, don't miss the recent post on The New Mind Control, which describes an emerging, “unseen dictatorship.”
Via: The Atlantic:
The year is 2016. Robots have infiltrated the human world. We built them, one by one, and now they are all around us. Soon there will be many more of them, working alone and in swarms. One is no larger than a single grain of rice, while another is larger than a prairie barn. These machines can be angular, flat, tubby, spindly, bulbous, and gangly. Not all of them have faces. Not all of them have bodies.
And yet they can do things once thought impossible for machine. They vacuum carpets, zip up winter coats, paint cars, organize warehouses, mix drinks, play beer pong, waltz across a school gymnasium, limp like wounded animals, write and publish stories, replicate abstract expressionist art, clean up nuclear waste, even dream.
Except, wait. Are these all really robots? What is a robot, anyway?
This has become an increasingly difficult question to answer. Yet it's a crucial one. Ubiquitous computing and automation are occurring in tandem. Self-operating machines are permeating every dimension of society, so that humans find themselves interacting more frequently with robots than ever before—often without even realizing it. The human-machine relationship is rapidly evolving as a result. Humanity, and what it means to be a human, will be defined in part by the machines people design.
“We design these machines, and we have the ability to design them as our masters, or our partners, or our slaves,” said John Markoff, the author of Machines of Loving Grace, and a long-time technology reporter for The New York Times. “As we design these machines, what does it do to the human if we have a class of slaves which are not human but that we treat as human? We're creating this world in which most of our interactions are with anthropomorphized proxies.”
In the philosopher Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel's 1807 opus, The Phenomenology of Spirit, there is a passage known as the master-slave dialectic. In it, Hegel argues, among other things, that holding a slave ultimately dehumanizes the master. And though he could not have known it at the time, Hegel was describing our world, too, and aspects of the human relationship with robots.
But what kind of world is that? And as robots grow in numbers and sophistication, what is this world becoming?
…
There are all kinds of reasons why engineers might want to make a robot appealing this way. For one thing, people are less likely to fear a robot that's adorable. The people who make autonomous machines, for example, have a vested interest in manipulating public perception of them. If a Google self-driving car is cute, perhaps it will be perceived as more trustworthy. Google's reported attempts to shed Boston Dynamics, the robotics company it bought in 2013, appears tied to this phenomenon: Bloomberg reported last week that a director of communications instructed colleagues to distance the company's self-driving car project from Boston Dynamic's recent foray into humanoid robotics.
It's clear why Google might not want its adorable autonomous cars associated with powerful human-shaped robots. The infantilization of technology is a way of reinforcing social hierarchy: Humankind is clearly in charge, with sweet-looking technologies obviously beneath them.
When the U.S. military promotes video compilations of robots failing—buckling at the knees, bumping into walls, and tumbling over—at DARPA competitions, it is, several roboticists told me, clearly an attempt to make those robots likeable. (It's also funny, and therefore disarming, like this absurd voiceover someone added to footage of a robot performing a series of tasks.) The same strategy was used in early publicity campaigns for the first computers. “People who had economic interest in computers had economic interest in making them appear as dumb as possible,” said Atkeson, from Carnegie Mellon. “That became the propaganda—that computers are stupid, that they only do what you tell them.”
…
What matters, in other words, is who is in control—and how well humans understand that autonomy occurs along a gradient. Increasingly, people are turning over everyday tasks to machines without necessarily realizing it. “People who are between 20 and 35, basically they're surrounded by a soup of algorithms telling them everything from where to get Korean barbecue to who to date,” Markoff told me. “That's a very subtle form of shifting control. It's sort of soft fascism in a way, all watched over by these machines of loving grace. Why should we trust them to work in our interest? Are they working in our interest? No one thinks about that.”
“A society-wide discussion about autonomy is essential,” he added.
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
JP Morgan Chase announced it is spending $2.5 million to help small businesses grow in Detroit.
The money will help fund programs put on by Tech Town, the Detroit Economic Growth Corporation, the Southwest Detroit Small Business Association, and Eastern Market Corporation. It is part of the company's $150 million commitment to the city's economic recovery.
7 Action News went to Eastern Market to see one program that will benefit. We met one relatively new business that uses it.
The Ice Cream Plant company started with one goal. Robb Zimmerman wanted to make delicious ice cream everyone could enjoy.
“It is allergy-friendly, vegan, without tree nuts, peanuts, eggs, dairy, gluten, soy, corn or sesame,” said Zimmerman.
As he looked at the numbers, he realized he didn't have the start up funds needed to build a kitchen for an unestablished product. He rented time in Eastern Market's Detroit Kitchen Connect, a community kitchen for small businesses.
“I wouldn't be in business without a kitchen like this,” said Zimmerman.
When his ice cream got picked up right away by several restaurants and Holiday Market in Royal Oak, he felt the joy of entrepreneurship.
“I did a lot of smiling and jumping up and down for joy,” said Zimmerman.
It is just one example of how an investment in non-profits that help grow small businesses is changing lives. Half a million dollars will be invested by Chase into the community kitchen.
“Detroit's flourishing small business community is one of the most important drivers of an inclusive economy for the city,” said Janis Bowdler, Head of Small Business Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. “We are especially proud to help the city's entrepreneurs of color connect to the capital and resources they need to grow and thrive.”
Appropriations bill puts renewable energy and efficiency funding about $1 billion below current levels, roughly equaling dollars doled out in 2005
By Elizabeth McGowan, SolveClimate News
WASHINGTON—Even though Republicans have vowed an “all-of-the-above” approach to America's energy future, Democrats are accusing them of clinging to a narrow, antiquated, hydrocarbon-heavy past.
Members of the House Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition are furious about a 2012 energy and water appropriations bill that they claim shortchanges President Obama's efforts at innovation and competition in favor of an addiction to oil, coal and natural gas.
“Now is the worst possible moment to slash funding for the research and development of sustainable energy technologies,” coalition member Rep. Rush Holt (D-N.J.) said about the $30.6 billion bill that advanced out of the House Appropriations Committee last Wednesday.
“At a time when our economy is already fragile, abandoning scientific research would cause the United States to lose even more high-tech jobs to our foreign competitors.”
Rep. Jeff Flake of Arizona was the sole Republican who joined 19 Democrats in opposing the bill that passed on a 26-20 vote. The full House will be considering the measure, one of a dozen sweeping federal spending bills, after Independence Day.
On the energy front, this version of the bill snips $1.9 billion from the White House request for investments in energy efficiency research, renewables such as solar, wind and geothermal, fuel-conserving vehicles, weatherization, biomass and other programs. That's more than 40 percent below current funding levels.
Energy insiders, however, doubt the Senate will approve such draconian paring of clean energy enterprise.
Overall, the sprawling bill slices a total of $5.9 billion from President Obama's request for the budget year beginning in October. Those cuts put funding about $1 billion below current levels, roughly equaling dollars doled out in 2005.
“The ... funding bill is another glaring example of the widening gap between Republican rhetoric and reality,” said Colorado Rep. Jared Polis, one of 48 members of the coalition. “We need a new American energy policy that will lower prices for families, reduce our reliance on dirty, foreign energy and increase our energy independence.”
Nitty-Gritty of House Bill
Overall, this appropriations legislation is designed to provide annual funding for the various agencies and programs under the Department of Energy, including the National Nuclear Security Administration, as well as the Army Corps of Engineers, the Bureau of Reclamation, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and various regional water and power authorities.
Coalition members are most alarmed that the GOP engineered a bill that slashes close to $500 million from DOE's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE). That leaves the office with just 40 percent of the amount Obama asked for when he presented his budget back in February.
Briefly, the White House 2012 budget request for EERE programs is the largest ever. It rings in at a total of $3.2 billion, which is bordering on 11 percent of the total DOE budget. That's significant because it's a jump of $983 million — or 44 percent — above 2010 appropriations.
In addition, the legislation increases funding for DOE's Fossil Energy Office by $32 million while decreasing designated dollars for Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) by $80 million. Energy Department Secretary Steven Chu modeled ARPA-E after a similar program at the Department of Defense to support breakthroughs by clean energy entrepreneurs.
Obama had asked that the chronically underfunded ARPA-E receive about $650 million next year. The GOP House bill would jeopardize the relatively new initiative designed to fund early-stage innovation projects that are deemed riskiest and most transformative.
As well, the president had called for lopping the fossil office by $417 million, 44 percent below 2010 appropriations. Savings for the president's budget figure of $520 million would have come from peeling away money for fossil energy research and development, as well as the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
Slashing ARPA-E Illogical
Lew Milford, founder and president of the Montpelier, Vt.-based nonprofit Clean Energy Group complimented Chu for recognizing ARPA-E as an avenue for expanding a nascent industry.
“We're cutting off our nose to spite our face,” Milford told SolveClimate News in an interview about ARPA-E's rocky funding record. “ARPA-E is one of the few public programs that focuses on energy innovation. Without it, we won't get the big bang of technology benefits to produce jobs and economic benefits in the long run.”
The last actual appropriation for ARPA-E was $389 million for fiscal year 2009.
DARPA, the military program Chu is mimicking, is unusual because it serves a customer that will buy at any cost, Milford said. But that freedom within the Department of Defense supports a unique model that allows an idea to morph into a prototype that is deployed throughout branches of the military before spilling over into the civilian marketplace.
“That's what you need for energy technologies to be working and seamlessly connected,” Milford said, adding that DOE has wisely signed a memorandum of understanding agreement with the Defense Department to give ARPA-E room to grow. “To deal with issues such as market demand, DOE has to expand its portfolio of options and essentially create customers.”
He emphasized that eventually DOE should form ARPA-E partnerships with states because development agencies at that level are looking for niche strategies to boost the clean energy policies they have in place.
“It's not ARPA-E's fault or anybody else's that we're not there yet,” Milford said. “The clean energy industry is young at 10 to 20 years old when compared to a fossil fuels industry that's more than 100 years old.”
GAO: National Strategy Necessary
In the midst of this season's budget travails, the Government Accountability Office has issued a new report recommending what likely seems obvious to even casual observers of congressional politics — the need to replace a piecemeal approach to climate and energy with a national plan.
Rep. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) released the 90-page report by the investigative arm of Congress on Monday. The somewhat clunky title is “Climate Change: Improvements Needed to Clarify National Priorities and Better Align Them with Federal Funding Decisions.”
To get there, the GAO spells out a two-step solution that is probably easier written on paper than actually accomplished.
First, federal authorities need to set clear strategic climate change priorities that identify specific roles and responsibilities of key federal entities involved in the enterprise.
Second, those same authorities have to assess how effective they are now at not only defining and reporting federal climate change funding but also lining up that funding with agreed-upon priorities. Those practices will have to be polished so Congress and the public can fully grasp how the government spends money designated for climate change.
The trick is that before embarking on step one, entities that fall under the executive branch such as the Council on Environmental Quality, the Office of Energy and Climate Change Policy, the Office and Management and Budget, and Office of Science and Technology Policy have to consult with Congress and collaborate with relevant federal agencies and interagency coordinating bodies.
And that looks to be a daunting challenge if those tasked with GAO's recommendations refer to the baffling maze of a chart on page 13 of the report. Authors of the GAO report refer to federal climate change program as complex and crosscutting.
“This report shows the significant work the United States government is already taking to understand and address climate change while creating new jobs and industries in America,” said Markey, the ranking member of the House Natural Resources Committee.
“So far this has been accomplished with little national leadership. In these challenging budgetary times, we need to make sure funding matches national priorities. This GAO report shows us we still have work to do.”
Assessment Follows Party Line
Republican leaders had nothing but high praise for the way they reshaped President Obama's original budget request. Such “smart and significant” spending reductions were necessary to programs with “massive and unnecessary increases,” Appropriations Committee Chairman Hal Rogers of Kentucky said.
Energy and Water Development Subcommittee Chairman Rodney Frelinghuysen of New Jersey agreed that their handiwork “clearly shows that strong fiscal discipline, a strong national defense and a strong economy, can be achieved together.”
But neither of those assessments lined up with perspectives from the Sustainable Energy and Environment Coalition. Co-chair Reps. Jay Inslee of Washington and Steve Israel of New York, organized the caucus in January 2009 to advance policies government-wide that address clean energy innovation, environmental protection and climate change.
Coalition member Rep. Paul Tonka, who has introduced legislation to redirect subsidies now designated for oil companies into clean energy innovation and manufacturing, frowned upon the GOP approach.
“We cannot cut our way to number one,” the New York Democrat said about falling behind China and Germany. “If we are to stay competitive as a nation in the long term, we must invest in new technologies, clean energy and job creation. This bill fails all three tests.” See Also: U.S. Electric Car Revolution to Go Forward, With or Without Congress GOP Ally for Senator Sanders's 10 Million Solar Roofs Bill Can Obama's Bold Stroke on Cleantech Innovation Survive Budget Cuts? Rep. John Sullivan's TRAIN Act Takes Aim at EPA Climate Study Congress Requested Falls on Deaf Ears in the Capitol Clean Energy Investment 'Bank' Has Bipartisan Support, But No Money 14 Percent Budget Cut to Key Energy Agency Wins Few Fans
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Sand Fire continued to scorch through the Santa Clarita area in the Angeles National Forest and grew to more than 33,000 acres, or about 52 square miles by Sunday night, according to the Los Angeles County Fire Department.
The massive inferno has left one person dead and destroyed at least 18 homes.
The Sand Fire, which had previously led to the evacuations of 1,500 residences, grew again overnight Saturday to 22,000 acres, or 34-square miles. By 10 p.m. Sunday the fire had grown 11,000 acres and remained 10 percent contained less than two days after breaking out near the 14 Freeway.
About 5 p.m. Sunday the blaze jumped Placerita Canyon and moved north toward the Via Princessa area, causing authorities to issue evacuations in that area.
The 14 Freeway was closed in both directions for hours but was reopened about 7:30 p.m.
Metrolink canceled the Antelope Valley 270 line to Los Angeles because of a track closure caused by the brush fire. Alternate transportation was not available.
Service will operate between Via Princessa and Los Angeles only on Monday.
Officials confirmed during a morning news conference that one person died in the fire, but did not immediately provide any information about the fatality.
Homicide detectives earlier said that they were investigating the death of a man whose remains were discovered by firefighters in the burn zone Saturday night, according to the L.A. County Sheriff's Department.
A cause of death was not yet known, but there was no immediate indication that his death was a "criminal event," a sheriff's news release said.
The man's neighbor told KTLA that the victim's home was among the structures that had burned down.
The buildings that have been destroyed or damaged were located in the Bear Divide and Sand Canyon areas, the Los Angeles County Fire Department said in a Facebook post.
At least 18 homes have been destroyed, according to the Fire Department.
“We lost those homes because they could not be saved," L.A. County Fire Chief Daryl Osbry said at the Sunday morning briefing.
At least 1,500 houses remained evacuated as of Sunday morning, the Fire Department's incident page showed. An additional 100 commercial buildings were threatened.
The following evacuations were ordered Sunday evening, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
East of the 14 Freeway from Golden Valley Road to Sand Canyon.
East side of Via Princessa from Lost Canyon to the end of Via Princessa.
All streets east of Lost Canyon Road from Via Princessa to Santa Clara River and all streets east of that area.
Agua Dulce Road to the west, Soledad Canyon Road to the south and Acton Camp to the east.
Sierra Highway and Shady Lane to Sierra Highway at the 14 Freeway
Escondido at the 14 Freeway to Sierra Highway at the 14 Freeway.
Shortly after 1 p.m., mandatory evacuations went into effect in the Acton area.
According to a Fire Department news release, the orders were for Agua Dulce Canyon Road north to the 14 Freeway, Crown Valley north to the 14, and all of Soledad Canyon in between. The order was amended a short time later to include all of Bootlegger Canyon.
It was not immediately known how many homes and residents were affected in the Acton area.
Mandatory evacuation orders remained in effect for the following areas: unincorporated Little Tujunga Canyon from Bear Divide to the Los Angeles River Ranger Station; Sand Canyon from Lost Canyon Road to Bear Divide, extended from Robinson Ranch Golf Course; and in Placerita Canyon, from the Nature Center to Sand Canyon, according to the latest information on the federal InciWeb website.
The evacuation for Sand Canyon residents was expected to be lifted at 1 p.m., but officials rescinded the repopulation plan due to an "unexpected wind event," the County Fire Department tweeted.
Anyone who has been evacuated can go to Hart High School at 24825 N. Newhall Ave. in Santa Clarita, or Lakeview Terrace Recreation Center at 11075 Foothill Blvd. in Lake View Terrace. A third center was opened Sunday afternoon at Highland High School, located at 39055 25th St. West in Palmdale, to accommodate the additional evacuations.
Another evacuation center, at Golden Valley High School, has been closed.
People who wish do donate to the American Red Cross can visit www.redcross.org/donate.
L.A. County Supervisor Michael D. Antonovich, who represents the burn area, told KTLA that he wants a state of emergency declared during the fire.
He urged residents to evacuate when authorities ask and to not fly drones during the firefighting effort.
Large animals can be taken to the Wayside Jack Bones Equestrian Center on The Old Road in Castaic, the Antelope Valley Fair Grounds at 2551 W. Avenue H in Lancaster or Pierce College, 6201 Winnetka Ave. in Woodland Hills. The Hansen Dam in Sylmar has reached capacity of large animals, officials said.
Hundreds of animals, including a Siberian tiger, were taken to safety after the Wildlife Waystation in Angeles National Forest was evacuated.
A number of road closures remained in effect for the area.
#SandFire Update* IC reporting fire is now estimated at 33,172 acres. — LACounty Fire PIO (@LACoFDPIO) July 25, 2016
The Sand Fire broke out about 2:10 p.m. Friday along the northbound 14 Freeways near Sand Canyon Road, quickly scorching thousands of acres as it rapidly spread east of Santa Clarita.
By the following evening, the fast-moving blaze had burned 20,000 acres as crews struggled to contain the fire. The cause remained under investigation.
More than 1,600 firefighters are engaged in the attack, aided by 122 engines, 15 helicopters and nine dozers, according to InciWeb.
Marc Peebles, who is part of the Southern California interagency management team in charge of the fire, told KTLA Sunday evening that fire officials are most concerned about Placerita Canyon and Soledad Canyon toward Acton.
The fire is burning through brush and chaparral in extremely steep terrain, and fire officials said the conditions have been worsened by the ongoing statewide drought.
“One thing we've been talking about … is the stress of the vegetation, the drought," L.A. County Fire Deputy Chief John Tripp said at the news conference. "Things got in alignment yesterday and that fire came through like a freight train.”
Fire Department Chief Daryl Osbry added that the the drought was causing the fire to exhibit "extreme behavior," and urged residents in the area to be ready to evacuate at a moment's notice.
“I recognize for some of our citizens – they've seen fires before in some of these wildland-urban interface areas, but these are not normal times," he said. “'So when we say evacuate, that means evacuate.”
Weather will continue to be a challenge, as a red flag warning is in effect for the Santa Clarita area, the forecast posted on InciWeb's page stated. Temperatures were expected to hit 97 degrees, which was lower than the triple-digit heat crews experienced the previous day.
Winds with speeds of 10 to 15 mph will be coming from the south, with gusts of up to 20 mph possible. Humidity will be around 10 percent.
The fire prompted Los Angeles County health officials to issue an advisory as smoke drifted across the Southland.
Air quality on Sunday was expected to be unhealthy once more in central Los Angeles, Pomona, and the San Fernando, San Gabriel and Santa Clarita valleys, according to the county's Department of Public Health.
A smoke advisory that went into effect on Saturday was scheduled to expire at midnight.
Residents looking for additional info on the Sand Fire can call the information hotline at 626-574-5208.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KTLA's Briana Epps and Feven Kiflegiorgis contributed to this story.
The Philippines Department of Health has begun a PrEP trial hoping to curb the massive increase in HIV infections. While PrEP is near commonplace in the United States, it has taken other countries too long to implement the usage of the Pre-Exposure Prophylaxis, which has been proven to be nearly 100% effective in preventing HIV transmission in non HIV-positive individuals.
According to the Philippines Department of Health there has been a “terrifying” number of HIV infections. Just this spring (in one month) the country recorded the highest ever number of new diagnoses with nearly 1,000 cases. This increase is off-trend with the rest of the world, which has generally seen a decrease in new infections. These numbers are so alarming that the Philippines makes up for 95% of all new HIV diagnoses of ten Asia Specific countries.
So far, the program will only accept 200 gay men and transgender women to pilot the PrEP trial. “This is the first time PrEP is being offered in the Philippines, this is very exciting,” Danvic Rosadino from Love Yourself, an LGBTI organization involved in the trial told Thomson Reuters Foundation. “With the continued rise in new HIV cases, this is really timely and relevant. All interventions regarding HIV preventions should be made available in the Philippines.” Let's hope the trial is a success and the country can fund more widespread programs.
How to launch external applications from within Oculus Home
Posted on Apr 3, 2016 in Mods | 4 comments
This is a short tutorial on how to launch external applications from within Oculus Home. At the moment this is just a quick and ugly hack that lets you access other VR software such as Steam VR from within Oculus Home.
By following this tutorial, you agree that you take full responsibility and exempt us and mushroomtomatoes.com from all and or any damage you may cause to your database/gameserver or computer by following this tutorial, as well as but not limited to any criminal charges placed against you, your family or your friends, or any other adverse effects that may result from following this tutorial. Do so at entirely your own risk. This tutorial is provided for information/education purposes only.
As a example for this step-by-step tutorial I am going to pick Steam VR to add to Oculus Home.
This tutorial requires you to use a preexisting Oculus Home application that will become unusable after the conversion.
1. Download a free Oculus app like Colosse or Henry, then close all Oculus services using the task manager
2. Go into your Oculus folder, open the Software folder, copy the name of the folder of the game you just downloaded and then delete it.
3. Open a admin CMD window, create a symbolic link to your desired software.
This is the command for the symbolic link in my case:
mklink /d “E:\Program Files\Oculus\Software\colosseteam-colosse-a-story-in-virtual-reality” “S:\Program Files (x86)\Steam”
The first one is the place where the link will appear as a folder and the second one is where it will lead to.
4. Now return to the root of your Oculus folder, open the Manifest folder, find the .json file corresponding to the game you downloaded.
5. Right-click the json file of your game (not the _assets file) and open it using Notepad.
6.Find the “launchFile” line and change it to the exe of the program you want to use.
In my case: “launchFile”: “Steam.exe”,
If your game needs any additional comments to start into VR mode add these to the launchParameters line
In my case: “launchParameters”: “steam://rungameid/250820″,
7. Reboot your PC
Now every time you start this game in Oculus Home it will start Steam VR or whatever program you specified.
You can change the images that show up in Oculus home by editing them in Oculus/Software/StoreAssets/GameFolder
Photos by Aurora Halal
Ital: Floridian Void (via SoundCloud)
Before he was Ital, Brooklyn's Daniel Martin-McCormick made poisoned synth-pop under the name Sex Worker. Prior to that, he was a member of brutal dancepunk band Mi Ami, and yet before the lead singer of hardcore punk band Black Eyes. A colorful history indeed, but as Ital, Martin-McCormick now makes delirious DIY dance music cobbled together from an array of samples and warped synth sounds. Last year he kicked off Not Not Fun's dance-oriented sublabel 100% Silk with "Ital's Theme", a charmingly catchy slice of makeshift house that overrode purist reservations with its sheer sense of joy. Since then his sound has grown steadily more confident-- marked by a shift from freeware software Audacity to the more professional Logic-- and he's moved from the outsider dance of 100% Silk to respected UK tastemaker institution Planet Mu.
This month sees the release of Ital's debut album, Hive Mind, a dense web of samples both recognizable and damaged, weaved together with effervescent synths and chugging beats, the glossiest encapsulation of his patchwork aesthetic yet. Openly embraced by dance music audiences as much as former fans from other realms, Martin-McCormick finds himself alternating between straight-up DJing-- "I just play a lot of house and disco and whatever, I'm not like super professional, it's gonna be a little bit raw"-- and an ambitious live set armed with a sampler and synth. Daniel Martin-McCormick spoke to us from a Melbourne tour stop about his move to dance music.
Pitchfork: What kind of dance music were you listening to around the time that you started Ital?
Daniel Martin-McCormick: Specifically what inspired "Ital's Theme", the first track I made as Ital, was a lot of Dutch electro: Bangkok Impact and Alden Tyrell, especially "Hills of Honolulu". That stuff is really joyful and bright, sort of explosive. I was thinking, "It'd be cool to make something that's really ebullient, not happy but joyful, in the same way as a lot of that stuff." And that was the jumping-off point.
Pitchfork: How did you get in touch with Planet Mu?
DM: I wrote them. I had already started working on the record. I sent [Mike Paradinas] the first song off of it, which was done. He was psyched.
"It's important to make sick music, and fuck everything else."
Pitchfork: So you made the Hive Mind tracks with an album in mind?
DM: Yeah, exactly. I already had a couple of 12"s out, and 12"s are really easy to get out. So I was like, "Let's do something a little more substantial." I think that's why it sounds a little different from the 12"s, because each song was being made in conversation with the last song. When you make just one song, in one sense it's more free, but it's also a bit quick-and-dirty, just boom-- you make it and go onto the next one. They can be all over the place-- one that's really poppy and one really weird. When I was working on this record, I [wanted] to advance the story, to keep it interesting for myself-- how do I want to play off [this or] that?
"Doesn't Matter (If You Love Him)" from Hive Mind:
Embedded content is unavailable.
Pitchfork: Your sampling material is quite obvious, sometimes. Do you ever worry about running into trouble with [Lady Gaga sample], "It doesn't matter if you love him?" Is that a concern?
DM: Yes.
Pitchfork: But you just do it anyway.
DM: I just don't know what else I'm supposed to do. I guess we could try to license it. But I figure it'll probably be fine. Or not. [laughs]
"Listening to minimal techno was like eating fine brie and drinking really nice red wine. It's perfect, but that's not all there is to life."
Pitchfork: Are you using more generated sounds or synthesizer sounds now as opposed to what you were doing before?
DM: Yeah, definitely. "One Hit" is called "One Hit" because all of the melodies are one hit of this organ that's pitched up and down and time stretched. And that's just a cool thing to try.
Pitchfork: You've been accepted more and more by dance music audiences, critics, and listeners. Were you surprised by the reception from the dance music community?
DM: I didn't expect it at all. When I got into dance music around 2005, 2006, a lot of stuff was German minimal. And I liked it, but it was so clean. After a while I was like, "Good god, I'm 22 years old. I need something that has more power, more raunchiness, more raw, vital vibes." Listening to minimal techno was like eating fine brie and drinking really nice red wine. It's perfect, but that's not all there is to life. So over the past couple of years there's been this sea change, and people have started to get into all sorts of stuff, from Rustie and maximalist shit to Hieroglyphic Being-- he's really so fucking bizarre-- and the Manchester stuff on Modern Love, there's so much that's all across the board. I feel like I kind of snuck in because of that situation.
Pitchfork: Do you feel uncomfortable being lumped in with other dance music artists, or do you feel like you belong at this point?
DM: I love dancing. And I feel strange about the world of producers, because even though they are making dance music and thinking about the club and its hypnotic power, there's often real dance heads getting lost in their own world and forgetting to have fun. Producers can get uptight. But the world of dance music [is] my shit. I danced to punk when I was a kid; you dance to rap or go-go or whatever. [Dance music has] been an interest since I first got into music.
Pitchfork: And at the same time, no matter how much closer you get to being explicitly dance music, you're still viewed as a sort of outsider.
DM: The only time I've ever like felt like an insider was in Washington, D.C. I was born there, and I didn't even realize I was an insider until I left. I think sometimes you [get pegged as] a definitive artist of this genre or niche or whatever. I don't fucking care, though. It's not important. It's important to make sick music, and fuck everything else.
If you've ever smoked a cigar down to the nub, you've probably burned your fingers trying to peel off the paper band before it went up in flames. Maybe you didn't even realize that the band was burning until it was too late. The new La Gloria Cubana Trunk Show cigars address this problem in a practical and creative way—smokable bands.
At this summer's IPCPR trade show, General Cigar Co. (owner and producer of the La Gloria Cubana brand) unveiled its limited-edition Trunk Show Collection, which featured two different cigars with two different types of smokable bands.
The Liga LR-1 measures 7 by 52 and features a smokable band that is actually a piece of die-cut tobacco leaf.
Created by Team La Gloria's Yuri Guillen, the YG-23 is a 7 inch by 60 ring cigars that comes dressed with a swatch of homogenized tobacco leaf (HTL) as its band. Because the La Gloria logo is stamped on the HTL with a non-toxic vegetable dye, the smoker can safely puff his cigar down to the nub without ever having to remove the band. Only 500 rustic boxes of the Liga YG-23 were made.
Unlike the Liga YG-23, the Liga LR-1 measures 7 by 52 and features a smokable band that is actually a piece of die-cut tobacco leaf patterned in the shape of the La Gloria Cubana logo and glued to the wrapper. The Liga LR-1 comes in more refined lacquered boxes of 26, of which only 500 were produced.
Both cigars should hit the market in early November.
For more on the La Gloria Cubana Trunk Show and on General Cigar Co.'s IPCPR releases, see today's issue of Cigar Insider.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
I want you to consider the following two northern European economies:
Country A had a deficit of 8.8% of GDP in 2011. According to The Economist, only Egypt and Greece had larger deficits in 2011. It has an unemployment rate of 8.2%, well above the natural rate.
Country B ran a budget surplus of 2% of GDP in 2011. It has an unemployment rate of 7.3%, well above the natural rate. A recent news article said the following about country B:
********** centre-right coalition government is being too tight-fisted with public finances that are likely to remain strong for years to come, a think tank charged with evaluating policy said on Monday. The ********* Fiscal Policy Council, a state agency that evaluates government policy, said it saw little risk the country would breach spending ceiling rules in the coming years and instead urged the government to slacken spending constraints.
If you had to guess, which one would be practicing “austerity” and which one is engaged in “stimulus?” I'm not going to tell you yet, but I'll provide some quotations from Paul Krugman, and I want you to see if you can match them up with the respective countries:
I learn from Ezra Klein's interview with Tom Coburn that Sweden, of all places, has become the new right-wing icon. I thought Europe's woes were all about collapsing welfare states? But anyway, the story now is that Sweden has slashed spending and cut taxes, and is doing great; supply-side economics vindicated! . . . But Ezra didn't challenge Coburn on the claim about spending cuts; why don't we look at what Sweden has actually done, as opposed to the official right-wing line? Look, in particular, at actual government consumption “” purchases of stuff. Here's Sweden versus the United States, from Eurostat: Somebody has been practicing harsh spending-side austerity “” and it's not Sweden. OK, so Sweden's not the mystery nation practicing austerity. How about this one: Jonathan Portes is angry, and rightly so. He points out that the Cameron government is systematically starving public investment: There might conceivably be a justification for this policy if Britain were facing an intense cash squeeze. But it isn't “” it's able to borrow very cheaply, with near-zero real interest rates even on very long-term borrowing. And given that public investment is, you know, productive, this is almost surely a case of self-defeating austerity: Yes, tight-fisted Britain must be country B, and socialistic Sweden must be country A. Wrong. Britain had the massive deficit and Sweden is running a surplus. I might add that the data Krugman presented has absolutely no bearing on the claims made by Senator Coburn. He claimed spending cuts were made, and of course in countries like Sweden a big part of spending is transfers, not consumption. Kind of unfair to ridicule someone, and then provide irrelevant evidence to back up your claim. Now I'm sure a million Krugmanites will rush over here and tell me I have the data all wrong. And they'd be right, every source I checked had different numbers. I have no idea whether Sweden's spending went up or down in recent years. (Although I do know their debt to GDP ratio is falling, while those ratios are soaring much higher in the US and UK.) But what difference does it make? In the world of Keynesian economics spending can soar much higher, and they'd still insist that austerity is occurring. If the Keynesians are to be believed we have savage cuts in government spending in America, despite data showing spending levels much higher than before the recession. You can cut the numbers anyway you want, and get whatever result you want. One of their favorite techniques is to explain away the high government spending by pointing to the depressed state of our economies, even though most private forecasters see this as the new normal, RGDP will never recover to the old trend line in either the US or UK.
But if you are not a committed ideologue on either side, just look at the data provided up top. Does Country A real look like savage austerity? Does country B look like a country engaged in fiscal stimulus?
In the post on Sweden Krugman also had this to say:
Ezra points out, rightly, that Sweden has actually benefited a lot from very aggressive monetary policy “” one of the original Princeton zero-lower-bound Group of Four, Lars Svensson, is now deputy governor of the Riksbank. (The others were Mike Woodford, yours truly, and a fellow by the name of Ben Bernanke).
Readers of TheMoneyIllusion were the first to find out about the Swedish monetary stimulus back in 2009. But that begs raises another question. Isn't Britain also outside the euro? If monetary stimulus makes fiscal stimulus unnecessary (and it does), then why would Britain want to do fiscal stimulus? Why not just do monetary stimulus, and avoid the big deficits? After all, just the other day didn't Krugman say that there's no argument at all for fiscal stimulus when monetary stimulus is available? Yes he did. And now he's (correctly) attributing Sweden's relative success to monetary stimulus (it sure wasn't deficit spending!)
Some might argue that the BOE is stubborn like the Fed, they'll refuse to raise their inflation target, or switch to NGDP targeting, and that these are the only routes to success when near the zero bound. But wait, in Britain I thought the target was set by the government, not the BOE? Why not instruct the BOE to set a higher inflation or NGDP target?
Just to be clear, I'm not saying there aren't good arguments for the BOE keeping a 2% inflation target. I don't agree with those who support this target, but it's an intellectually respectable argument. But only a complete lunatic would argue that the Cameron government should refuse to boost the inflation target above 2%, but then engage in fiscal stimulus which can only work by boosting inflation! That's like shifting your car into neutral, than flooring the accelerator. They'd have to be complete masochists; “Let's spend lots of money, run up a huge debt, and then watch the BOE sabotage our policy.”
PS. Krugman acts like he just discovered the growing right-wing love affair with the Nordics. And yet over a year ago the Heritage Foundation rated Denmark more economically free than the US. If Krugman were smart he'd march right down to the Heritage Foundation and demand they join him in calling for Congress to scrap the US economic system and replace it with the Danish system. I'm sure Krugman would go for that idea, but how about the Heritage Foundation?
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on May 17th, 2012 and is filed under Misc.. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
It's award season in college football. Watch lists are trimming down to semifinals.
So it was easy to miss the email last Friday from the Ray Guy Award. It narrowed the 66 candidates to 10 -- run of the mill stuff. And since AL.com doesn't write about these awards until they reach the finalist stage, the email just didn't register.
A second look reveals one of the more surprising omissions in recent memory. The 10 semifinalists include seven of the top 10 in terms of punting average. It even has No. 20 and No. 31 players on that list.
It doesn't include Alabama's JK Scott, No. 2 on the punting average list. Through 10 games, he's getting 48.4 yards a boot -- better than the 48.0 average he had as a Ray Guy Award finalist in 2014.
Of his 36 punts, 20 have traveled more than 50 yards. Seven topped 60 yards including one that went 62 yards in the air Saturday against Mississippi State.
Scott's placed 13 inside the 20-yard line compared to six touchbacks.
Of course, there's more to it than just moonshot punts. Oklahoma State's Zach Sinor made the 10 finalists ranked 31st with an average of 43.0 yards. He's also put 60.4 percent of his punts inside the 20. Scott's percentage is 36.1.
Scott doesn't benefit from playing for an offense that's allowed just 36 punts. That doesn't crack the nation's top 100 in terms of attempts as semifinalist Nick Conte of Virginia has 60 this fall.
Granted, there are far bigger travesties is the world today. And I'm not trying to come off like some homer beat writer carrying the school's water. It's just frankly wild to think there's a list of the nation's top 10 punters that doesn't include JK Scott.
Update: The Ray Guy Award committee responded to a request for comment on the semifinal selection process:
"The list was determined from statistics available through week ten of the current college season. Therefore, statistics from games played after November 5, 2016, were not calculated. Award deadlines are established and announced at the beginning of the season to allow time for voting and preparation for the award show.
The RGA committee deliberated intensely, and JK Scott was strongly considered for our top 10. Alabama, along with JK, have an impressive resume for this season. The RGA committee consistently conducts this award with fair consideration for all nominated players. Our award criteria are the same we utilized when JK was part of the semi-finalists a few years back.
While the RGA committee does look at the gross average, which JK is very high, we review many more statistics and strongly factor into our decision the following statistics: net average, percentage of punts downed inside the 20, number of punts, and percentage of punts not returned. Each year, the RGA committee is challenged with selecting the top 10 nominees reflective of the player for which our award is named, Ray Guy. Every year, the decisions are difficult to determine and while many fans may be disappointed with the outcome, we are confident in our selection process."
Ray Guy Award semifinalists by punting average
1. Mitch Wishnowsky, Utah 48.7
*2. JK Scott 48.4
3. Michael Dickson, Texas 47.8
4. Johnny Townsend, Florida 47.3
5. Cameron Johnston, Ohio State 47.2
7. Joseph Davidson, Bowling Green State, 45.7
8. Austin Barnes, Eastern Michigan 45.1
9. Brandon McKee, South Alabama 45.0
13. Nick Conte, Virginia 44.8
20. Stephen Coutts, Louisiana-Lafayette 44.3
31. Zach Sinor, Oklahoma State 43.0
*Not a semifinalist
Waratahs Are Losing Games At The Breakdown
In recent weeks I've looked at the problems the Waratahs have been creating for themselves at the breakdown by having their support players positioned well away from the ball carrier.
The idea behind that part of the game plan appears to have been to try and create width in the attack and get runners into a better position to receive an offload, rather than being right on top of the ball carrier. The disadvantage is that the ball carrier has been getting isolated too often resulting in slow ball or a turnover.
It appears Michael Cheika has made some adjustments to this aspect of the game plan and the support runners have generally been closer to the ball carrier in the last few matches. However, the forwards have still been too slow getting into the breakdown and in the match against the Hurricanes last week turnovers and disrupted ball at the breakdown robbed the Waratahs of momentum on a number of occasions.
On top of that there has been a lack of accuracy when cleaning out which has allowed the opposition to stay in the contest when they should have been off their feet and out of the game.
It's great to make plans to play a running game where the ball is retained for as many phases as it takes to break down the opposition defence but those plans won't work unless the ball is secured and available cleanly from the breakdown. Unless the Waratahs address these issues they'll continue to lose matches at the breakdown.
Here are some examples from the game against the Hurricanes.
It's not easy being an atheist. In a world that for centuries has been dominated (and divided by) religious affiliations, it's sort of inevitable that the minority group who can't get down with the God thing or who don't subscribe to any particular belief system would find themselves marginalized. As children of no God, it seems that atheists are somehow seen as lesser – less charitable, that is, and more selfish, nihilistic, closed minded, negative and just generally unworthy. Now, however, a group of atheists is fighting back.
Determined to show that those who believe in nothing are just as good as those who believe in something, the faithless are establishing a church of their own, and a mega-church at that. On the surface it seems like a rather brilliant idea. What's not to like about beating the faithful at their own game? Apart from the one small caveat that establishing a place of worship for the faithless, even a godless one, rather negates what atheism is supposed to be all about.
The godless church concept is the brainchild of Pippa Evans and Sanderson Jones, two British comedians, who identified a gap in the faith market that so far non-believers are flocking to fill. The first Sunday Assembly (as the gatherings are being called) took place in a dilapidated church in London on a cold morning this past January. It went down a treat, apparently, and the movement has gained enough momentum in Britain that the comic duo have since embarked on a "40 dates, 40 nights" tour of the United States raising money to build US congregations so godless Americans can become churchgoers too.
This past Sunday, the groups' inaugural assembly in Los Angeles attracted some 400 people. Similar gatherings across the states have also drawn big crowds, bursting to do all the good stuff religious people do, just without the God stuff. As one of those non-believing types – the kind who'd be inclined to tick off the "spiritual but not religious" checkbox on a dating profile – I should fall right into the Sunday Assembly movement's target demographic. If only the central idea of dragging atheists into a church so they can prove they are just as worthy as traditional churchgoers didn't strike me as a bit of joke.
I'm sure Evans and Jones mean well. Although they might want to tone down the "shiny happy people" routine they have going on in their promotional video. It's a little too reminiscent of the bearded, guitar playing priest that used to pay regular visits to the convent school I attended as a child in Ireland, who tried a little too hard to convince us skeptical kids that Catholicism is cool. I don't mean to downplay the human need to find like-minded communities either or to explore the deeper purpose of our existence. I just can't quite embrace the notion that atheists should be under any obligation to prove their worthiness to religious types, or that to do so they should mimic the long established religious practices that non-believers have typically eschewed.
I would have thought the message of atheism (if there needs to be one) is that churches and ritualized worship (whatever the focus of that worship might be) are best left to the people who feel the need to have a God figure in their lives. I say this as someone who has done plenty of Elizabeth Gilbert ("Eat, Pray, Love") style dabbling in various philosophies to find life's bigger meaning, albeit on a lower budget and so far with less satisfying results – no mega movie deals or hot Brazilian husbands have materialized to date, but the journey continues.
Like a lot of people who don't subscribe to any particular faith or belief system, I'm all for exploring the many spiritual adventures that are out there, and there are already plenty of inspirational (and godless) paths to choose from. The thing is, rewarding as these ventures into the spiritual realm often are, be they Buddhist retreats, Hindu meditation sessions or just a good old-fashioned yoga class with some "Om" chanting built in, I know that my true self is an atheist one. No philosophy, full on religion or Sunday Assembly – no matter how enticing, inviting or full of wisdom it may be – is going to win me over in the long term. I'm just not in the market for any man-made belief system – and they are all man-made – because I already have the one I am comfortable with: atheism.
That is why I have a fundamental problem with the so-called atheist mega-church movement that Jones and Evans are spearheading. While they have every right to form congregations and get together with like-minded people and to share hugs and plan good deeds, they don't have the right to co-opt atheism for their cause. I'm sure the Sunday Assemblies have the potential to benefit many people and will fill a void for anyone who likes the idea of being part of a community. But if faithlessness ends up becoming a quasi-religion with its very own church, where are the true atheists – the ones who don't feel the need to join a congregation or to sing and hold hands to show the world we're good and worthy – supposed to call home?
An 8-step plan to deal with the recent wave of terror and unrest in Israel was put forward by the leader of the Likud's Knesset chairman in the form of temporary legislation Wednesday, and it purportedly will allow Israel to crackdown on terrorists, their families and supporters.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The plan, being spearheaded by MK Yariv Levin, who said he formulated the bill at the behest of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, will give the police and security establishment the tools it needs to create "real deterrence."
From revoking the citizenship to baring the Palestinian flag in riots, the bill stipulates eight central moves:
Israeli Arabs caught engaging or cooperating with terror will automatically lose their citizenship - or Palestinian Authority residency, in the case of Palestinians.
After completing their prison term, terrorists will be deported from Israel.
Those killed during their attempt to conduct a terror attack will not receive a funeral.
The body of terrorists will not be transferred to their families, and will be buried in an unknown location, without ceremony and without future access for their families
Terrorists' houses will be destroyed within 24-hours of the attack
Masked stone throwers and those inciting for terror and violence participating in illegal protests in which firebombs or fireworks were thrown will be arrested and held in remand until the completion of legal procedures against them. The same measures will be taken against those who waved an 'enemy flag' during the protests, including the Palestinian flag. Anyone convicted at the end of their remand will lose their social welfare benefits and driving license for a 10 year period.
Families of terrorists will lose their citizenship and will be deported to Gaza should they express support for their relative's deed. Support, according to the bill, can be expressed through public or social media.
The bill also includes a clause that would close businesses and printing presses that print posters that support terror or terrorists.
The bill further stipulates that a business can now request the police to inform them whether anyone of their employers has ever been held in relation to a security related offence and give them the right to fire such an employee.
As the fallout over the resignation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn continues, President Donald Trump is accusing the intelligence community of leaking damaging information to media for political purposes.
"From intelligence, papers are being leaked, things are being leaked. It's a criminal action, criminal act, and it's been going on for a long time. Before me. But now it's really going on, Trump said. "People are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton."
"I think the way it was very unfair the way General Flynn was treated and the documents that were illegally, I stress that, illegally illegally leaked. Very very unfair," Trump continued.
Flynn resigned earlier this week after giving what he called incomplete information to Vice President-elect Mike Pence about the content of his phone calls with the Russian Ambassador in December.
Yesterday White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer argued the resignation came after an irreconcilable breach of trust.
"We got to a point not based on a legal issue, but based on a trust issue with a level of trust between the president and General Flynn had eroded to the point where he felt he had to make a change. The president was very concerned that General Flynn had misled the vice president and others," Spicer said. "The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation in a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for General Flynn's resignation."
The White House has not responded to follow-up questions about what the "series of other questionable instances" were.
Cancer Research UK scientists have for the first time identified that there are five distinct types of prostate cancer and found a way to distinguish between them, according to a landmark study published in EBioMedicine.
"These findings could help doctors decide on the best course of treatment for each individual patient, based on the characteristics of their tumour" - Dr Alastair Lamb
The findings could have important implications for how doctors treat prostate cancer in the future, by identifying tumours that are more likely to grow and spread aggressively through the body.
The researchers, from the Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute and Addenbrooke's Hospital, studied samples of healthy and cancerous prostate tissue from more than 250 men.
By looking for abnormal chromosomes and measuring the activity of 100 different genes linked to the disease they were able to group the tumours into five distinct types, each with a characteristic genetic fingerprint.
This analysis was better at predicting which cancers were likely to be the most aggressive than the tests currently used by doctors – including the PSA test* and Gleason score. But, the findings need to be confirmed in clinical trials with larger groups of men.
Study author Dr Alastair Lamb, from the Cancer Research UK Cambridge Institute, said: “Our exciting results show that prostate cancer can be classified into five genetically-different types. These findings could help doctors decide on the best course of treatment for each individual patient, based on the characteristics of their tumour.
“The next step is to confirm these results in bigger studies and drill down into the molecular 'nuts and bolts' of each specific prostate cancer type. By carrying out more research into how the different diseases behave we might be able to develop more effective ways to treat prostate cancer patients in the future, saving more lives.”
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK, with around 41,700 cases diagnosed every year. There are around 10,800 deaths from the disease each year in the UK.
Professor Malcolm Mason, Cancer Research UK's prostate cancer expert, said: “The challenge in treating prostate cancer is that it can either behave like a pussycat – growing slowly and unlikely to cause problems in a man's lifetime – or a tiger – spreading aggressively and requiring urgent treatment. But at the moment we have no reliable way to distinguish them. This means that some men may get treatment they don't need, causing unnecessary side effects, while others might benefit from more intensive treatment.
“This research could be game-changing if the results hold up in larger clinical trials and could give us better information to guide each man's treatment – even helping us to choose between treatments for men with aggressive cancers. Ultimately this could mean more effective treatment for the men who need it, helping to save more lives and improve the quality of life for many thousands of men with prostate cancer.”
ENDS
For media enquiries contact the Cancer Research UK press office on 020 3469 8300 or, out of hours, on 07050 264 059.
Real Madrid left-back Marcelo saw out 2017 dressed up as a woman on a Brazilian beach together with his son Enzo, family and friends.
The Madrid player is enjoying a few days' holiday back home and is clearly having fun. He shared some entertaining photographs on Instagram of himself wearing a dress, bikini and red lipstick, larking around and laughing with his mates on a beach in Botafogo
Marcelo's first Christmas in Madrid, with Roberto Carlos
During an interview for Real Madrid TV programme Campo de Estrellas, Marcelo spoke about spending his first Christmas in the Spanish capital. He'd not long joined from Fluminese as a promising young full-back, and he was warmly welcomed by the player he had idolised since he was a boy - Roberto Carlos.
Marcelo was proclaimed the player to take over from RC3 as Real Madrid's first choice left-back and the two forged a great friendship: "I was tipped to become Roberto Carlos' successor. And because he knew that, he always treated me, my wife, my brother-in-law and my grandad as though we were his family. I used to watch him play on TV and I'd be in awe, open-mouthed at the things he'd do”, Marcelo remembered.
Roberto Carlos even invited the teenage Marcelo to spend Christmas with his family in Madrid: “He said to me: ‘Look, in the Christmas holidays, you won't have time to go back to Brazil because we only get five days, why don't you come over to mine and spend Christmas with us”.
In May of 1961, President John F. Kennedy made a promise to put a man on the Moon–and return him back safely–by the end of the decade. Somehow, it worked.
Over 50 years later, it's easy to forget how ambitious Kennedy's promise was. We'd gotten our butts kicked in the Cold War space race with Russia. America hadn't launched the first satellite. America hadn't been first off this planet (with a human or an animal). America hadn't been first to the Moon, even, if you count Russia's Luna 2 and 3 satellites. In fact, Kennedy's speech came just 20 days after we'd put our first man, Alan Shepard, into space. Then six years later, our manned quest to the moon would start with the most extreme failure possible, when three astronauts died in a fire during Apollo 1 launchpad testing.
But between 1961 and 1975, NASA's Apollo missions would change the world. Competition would drive America's innovation to extremes, the likeness of which I'm not sure we can say we've seen since. We'd make it to the Moon in 1969, and by 1975, we'd begin cooperating with Russia in the Apollo-Soyuz Test Project. In winning the space race, America took strides to ending the Cold War. Two superpowers fired their rockets into the air rather than at each other, and we're a far more accomplished species for the sentiment.
We've assembled a gallery of our favorite 50 photos from the Apollo missions. Many you will recognize, but just as many will surely be new. Some are silly, some are inspiring and some are just refreshingly candid of normal people doing extraordinary things. And if you find yourself as stunned as we are, maybe you'll agree: It's about damn time we set foot on Mars.
All images and captions credit NASA. Some captions have been edited or expanded upon.
In the end, Zynga may be undone by same thing that made its online games so wildly popular: People seek out the new thing, find it, and then quickly move on to the newer thing. Especially in online gaming.
"One of the riskiest aspects of doing a mobile gaming -- or any gaming -- business is holding the consumer's attention," explained Nikoleta Panteva, an analyst with IBISWorld, a market research firm. "That can sometimes be very unpredictable, given that you can't tell what's going to cause consumers to lose interest in something."
As Zynga announced plans to lay off nearly one-fifth of its workforce on Monday, analysts saw in its troubles the same sort of problem that afflicts pop stars like Rihanna or Justin Bieber: The gaming industry is driven by hits, putting constant pressure on companies to conceive of and quickly develop one runaway success after another.
Companies like Zynga that target casual gamers, who can try new apps for free and without investing in any kind of hardware, must work especially hard to keep these more fickle users' attention. Zynga's massive audience of casual gamers is easily distracted by the company's proliferating competitors, and they have little reason to be loyal to Zynga. These users frequently view its wares as an enjoyable, but disposable, form of entertainment.
"To a large degree, the gaming industry is hit-driven,” said Brian Blau, an analyst with the Gartner Group. “It's not like productivity software that you'll buy and use over a long period of time. You're going to play that game, love it for hours and hours, then you move on to the next one. Game companies have to keep making games to keep you coming back to their brand."
In a move that seems to underscore the difficulty it's had retaining casual gamers' attention, Zynga recently announced that it will attempt to attract a more dedicated group of "midcore" gamers with games that "blend the depth of hardcore games, traditionally played on a PC or console, with the approachability and accessibility of casual games that are mobile, free-to-play and social," according to a Reuters interview with a Zynga executive.
Zynga has gone on an aggressive acquisition spree and embraced a data-driven game development strategy. But like a washed up pop star, the gaming firm has had trouble churning out blockbuster hits the way it used to, even as its competitors have moved quickly to develop their own suite of games aimed at the same audience. In the past year, Zynga's monthly active users dropped by 13 percent.
In part, Zynga's rivals have successfully copied the company's social approach, eroding its lead as one of the first to understand how to meld social media with games.
But Billy Pidgeon, an independent analyst who previously covered the games industry for market research firm M2 Research, blames the recent dearth of hits on Zynga's emphasis on quantity over quality in game development.
Indeed, past Zynga blockbusters have included games that take inspiration from classic board games or game shows, only updated with a social component: Words with Friends borrowed a great deal from Scrabble; Scramble, another word puzzle, bore more than a passing resemblance to Boggle; and What's That Phrase would look familiar to anyone who's ever watched "Wheel of Fortune."
Zynga chief executive Mark Pincus has said that his company takes pride not just in its invention of new games, but in its ability to reinvent old ones.
"We don't define innovation by whether or not our Words With Friends game looks different enough from Scrabble," Pincus said at a conference last fall, according to Business Insider. "For us, innovation is about making games more accessible, more social, more fun, and more free -- giving you more value for your time and money."
Pidgeon argues that this approach to game development has led to applications that appeal to the "lowest common denominator" of gamer. "It's more of a cynical take on gaming: 'What's the minimum we can do and have it work,' which is a bad philosophy for games," he said.
Faithful gamers have similar complaints. In a post published last December, John Sweeney, an avid Zynga player who runs an independent site called the Facebook & Zynga Blog, attributed Zynga's dwindling popularity to its failure to take time to address users' concerns. He also complained that its games were becoming less fun and more work.
"Zynga likes to blame the market for most its problems but in reality it is due to the company not caring about its player base, refusal to repair game issues, listen to the player base and game content overload that forces the players to be more like beggars," wrote Sweeney, who has served as a member of Zynga's Mafia Wars Players Advisory Committee. "They have taken the fun out of playing games and made it so if you want to be competitive and have fun you cant because now the games are more like a job and require too much time to get things done and the player base just refuses to be play the games anymore."
Ultimately, the initial lure of Zynga's games -- their social nature -- amplifies the impact of a user exodus, demonstrating that network effects can work in reverse: Words with Strangers wouldn't have been nearly as appealing as Words with Friends.
"You need other players to play," said Panteva, the IBISWorld analyst. "So if your friends stop playing, you stop playing as well."
AROUND the time of the G20 summit in London on 2 April, the streets of cities across the world were filled with people protesting against the excesses of the banking bosses, among other things. Chances are you agreed with the sentiment. Chances are too that if you had been asked to put your hand in your pocket to fund a campaign to seize their bonuses, even if you wouldn't see any of the money, you'd have been sorely tempted.
If so, congratulations: you have just confounded classical economics, which says that no rational person should ever reduce their own income just to slash someone else's. And yet that's exactly what we do. Classical economics, it turns out, is a pretty terrible predictor of how we actually behave.
But why do we inflict pain for no gain? On the face of it, it is rather a perverse way of going about things. Does spitefulness stem from an affronted sense of fairness? Or something altogether darker: envy, lust for revenge – or perhaps even pure sadism?
It might be all those things. Economists, anthropologists and evolutionary biologists have been teasing out how, used judiciously, spiteful behaviour can be one of our best weapons in maintaining a fair and ordered society. But intentions that are noble in one situation can be malicious in another – making spite a weapon that can all too easily backfire.
Advertisement
Human spite is a complex affair. It is not pure selfishness in the Darwinian sense, like a stag that picks a fight with another. Though it might …
Avicii is retiring from live performing (Picture: Amy Sussman/Invision/AP, file)
If you're a fan of Avicii and want to see him perform live – you'd better snap up tickets to his gigs fast as he is about to retire FOREVER.
The handsome 26-year-old Swede has stunned fans by revealing his current 2016 tour is going to be his last.
Avicii (real name Tim Bergling) has had two Top 10 albums in the UK as well as Number 1 single Wake Me Up but fans have an extremely limited time to go see him live (and will need to book flights as well as tickets).
Making his retirement announcement on his official website, the star wrote: ‘My path has been filled with success but it hasn't come without its bumps.'
Revealing he has ‘become an adult while growing as an artist,' he has decided to retire from live performing in order to explore other passions in life.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘I've decided this 2016 run will be my last tour and last shows. Let's make them go out with a bang!' he said – while promising to continue making music, and adding he would ‘never say never' to performing again (so there's still hope).
He currently has live dates coming up in Duabi in April and Las Vegas in April and May.
But there is one silver lining from this epic shock – and it's that the Swede has said his fans can get in touch with him – AND HE'S GIVEN OUT HIS PHONE NUMBER SO WE CAN ALL TEXT HIM!
Signing out his message with a signature, Avicii adds: ‘P.S. I've got a new phone so you can text me re all this +46769436383. Please bare with me I might not be super quick to reply. X'
Let's hope he has a phone package with unlimited texts for all those replies.
MORE: Jay-Z's Tidal donates $1.5 million to the Black Lives Matter organisations
MORE: Ed Sheeran says Jay-Z called him an alien after hearing a track from his album
This is a continuation of TradeBlock's block chain and network analysis to address the ongoing block size discussions. It is intended for an audience with at least a fundamental comprehension of block chain technology. If you have not yet done so, we recommend first reading:
Part 1: Macro Block Trends
Part 2: Macro Transaction Trends
Part 3: Miner Incentives
Part 4: Simulating Practical Capacity
Part 5: Stress Test Analysis
Part 6 – Data Propagation
The timely propagation of data within the bitcoin network is essential to the functioning of the ecosystem. Propagation speed can be measured by connecting to a large number of nodes in the network and collecting/storing data on a real-time basis. TradeBlock maintains an extensive bitcoin network data architecture with multiple nodes across geographies. With the ability to view and record every message broadcast to the network, including those that are not extensively relayed, unique insights regarding the network may be derived.
The chart above shows the average block propagation speed in 2015. This is measured by tracking when each node on the bitcoin network relays the block data, and then calculating the time between the very first relay and all subsequent relays. In this piece we explore various aspects of data propagation within the network, how it could change with larger block sizes, and the impact on miner incentives and behavior.
Propagation Speed and Orphan Races
When two or more miners solve a block at similar times, the network is presented with two (or more) alternatives to serve as a reference when solving the next block. Since miners focus their hashing power on the chain with the most work, which generally means the longest chain by number of blocks, speed of propagation is vital during such situations. Generally speaking, the block with greater number of node relays has higher chances of “winning the race” when it is built on by the next found block.
Moreover, the block that is rejected, known as ‘orphan block,' is not referenced by following blocks and the miner associated with that block does not receive the coinbase reward. The chart below shows the number of orphan blocks mined each day since mid-April. The average equates to 1.3 blocks per day, which translates to an orphan rate of roughly 1%.
The figure below delves a step further into orphan races observed within the last three months. Notwithstanding a few scenarios, it is evident that unsuccessful blocks typically reach a fewer number of nodes (relative to the winners of an orphan race). While there are roughly 6,000 nodes active in the bitcoin network at a given time, the data suggests reaching 3,000 node relays offers 90% certainty that a particular block will win an orphan race. Lastly, it appears that in most orphan races, the winning block is typically the first to be initially sent to the network, evidenced by the fact that majority of races are in the positive section of the x-axis in the chart below.
Next, we examine the size of confirmed blocks that were involved in an orphan race relative to period averages. The chart below suggests that blocks in an orphan race are, on average, ~100kb / 20% larger than regular blocks that are not part of such races. This is likely the result of larger blocks taking longer to relay.
For each marginal transaction in a block, every node must reconcile its own mempool against the block's transaction list to ultimately validate the block. As a result, each transaction can potentially add more time at each hop through the network, in addition to increased data transfer time. This means other miners are spending more time hashing on the previous block while found blocks are being propagated.
Propagation Speed vs. Block Size and Miner
Given the importance of timely data propagation, we analyzed the relationship between speed of propagation relative to block sizes and miner location. Our data set includes data from April – June 2015. Per the chart below, there appears to be a direct relationship between the size of the block and the time taken to reach the critical 3,000-node relay threshold discussed earlier in this analysis. For instance, a 700kb+ block takes ~17 seconds to propagate, while a 200-300kb block takes only 6 seconds.
We also explored the relationship between individual miners and the average time taken for a block to propagate to 3,000 nodes. With an average time of 9.7 seconds and a median of 7.2 seconds, it appears most miners fall within one standard deviation of the mean. Outliers include BW Pool, a Chinese mining entity on the high-end (21 seconds) and Polmine, a Polish mining company on the low-end (4 seconds).
By tagging each block with the relevant miners' geographic location, we can develop a broader view of propagation time across geographies. Per the second chart below, it appears regional differences account for very minor variations in propagation speeds. Overall, European miners exhibit slightly faster-than-average speeds, while Chinese and US propagation speeds are roughly the same (when adjusting for BW Pool).
It's possible data from the Chinese-mined blocks are only measurable once outside the ‘Great Firewall,' making true propagation times unknown. That said, with TradeBlock connected to low-triple-digit nodes relaying data from Chinese IP addresses, it seems likely that we would observe those blocks in a timely manner from behind the firewall.
Implications for Block Size Debate
The analysis above has important implications for the ongoing block size debate. We have shown that (1) there is a direct relationship between the size of the block and the time taken to propagate through the network and (2) blocks involved in an orphan race are significantly larger, on average, than blocks that are not in a race.
Utilizing the realized propagation speeds for block sizes up to 1MB, we can extrapolate propagation times for larger block sizes. Per the figure below, a best-fit linear regression implies that it would take approximately 137 seconds for a full-sized 8MB block to propagate through the network, assuming technical performance observed to date.
Although our assessment in Part 2 appropriately suggests that one should not expect full 8MB blocks in the near-term, the implication of roughly two additional minutes of propagation time could be viewed as material in the future. Every second of delay further increases the probability of a competing block being mined, which consequently disincentivizes miners to include more transactions. Several solutions to this problem have been proposed, including mining backbone networks, transaction cache updates and Invertible Bloom Lookup Tables; but until these are implemented, large block propagation may pose quantifiable risk to mining returns.
View live block chain data with TradeBlock's Block Chain tools.
This analysis has been prepared in good faith on the basis of information available at the date of publication without any independent verification. Schvey, Inc. does not guarantee or warrant the accuracy, reliability, completeness or currency of the information in this presentation nor its usefulness in achieving any purpose. Readers are responsible for assessing the relevance and accuracy of the content of this publication. Schvey, Inc. will not be liable for any loss, damage, cost or expense incurred or arising by reason of any person using or relying on information in this publication. This analysis may not be duplicated, shared, or reproduced in its entirety or in part for any reason without the expressed written consent of Schvey, Inc.
I've never baked whole Tilapia before tonight! When we lived on the Texas Gulf Coast for many, many years, I usually stuffed flounder, red snapper and sea trout. So this evening's dinner was a learning curve for me AND my husband: me for the cooking of it; him and me both for how to eat whole tilapia, knowing nothing about the bone arrangement in them. They certainly are not as easy to eat as whole flounder, but I didn't find them as difficult to eat (bone-wise) as fresh trout or bluefish, so I can't really complain.
The taste was FANTASTIC! Much better than the frozen filets I usually buy at my regular grocery store. I found these frozen at Sam's yesterday and thought I'd try them out. They came neatly cleaned, already scaled and individually frozen in plastic vacuum sleeves in a larger bag. After thawing and washing well with cold water, I cut the usual “H” pattern down one side, slid the knife along the bones I could feel with the knife and opened them up on one side to stuff, much like I have always done flounder. I had a half package of crawfish tail meat in my freezer, but no shrimp, so crawfish it must be for the stuffing. The final dinner was VERY tasty. My husband said this was so good, to be SURE and post it for my readers! We both found whole tilapia to be ever so much better than the frozen tilapia filets I can usually get here in Central Texas. So I hope Sam's continues to carry this product. For this recipe to be suitable for Atkins Induction, you will need to substitute flax-based bread like the One Minute Muffine in the stuffing. This recipe is acceptable for Keto diets and if a Paleo-Primal bread is used (or it is omitted) this is also suitable for those lifestyles. A quick glance at the nutritional info will sway you to include fish and crawfish into your diets much more often than most of us do. A very healthy meal, this one!
INGREDIENTS:
2 approx 3/4 lb. tilapia, cleaned and scaled (yields about 7-8 oz. per fish after head, tail and bones are removed)
3 T. total, unsalted butter
5″ stalk of celery, chopped
2 oz. red bell pepper, chopped
1 oz. onion, chopped
Dash salt
¼ tsp. my Seafood Spice blend
Dash black pepper
2 slices my Gluten-Free Focaccia Bread, crumbled
6 oz. crawfish tail meat, shelled (I used frozen, already cooked)
DIRECTIONS: Make a knife cut down the center of the fish's side until the knife hits resistance (likely the backbone). Next make a top and bottom crossbar cut to form an “H”. Now, doing one side at a time, slide the knife down the left side gently, resting it on the bones as you go and free the flesh from the bones as best you can. Then slide the knife in a similar manner down the right side. It doesn't have to be perfect, so if this is your first time, messing it up isn't a catastrophe. 🙂 Lay the two flaps of loosened flesh back out of the way (like opening an outdoor cellar door) to form a nice little cavity inside to fill with stuffing. Lay the fish on a silicone or parchment covered pan or a well-greased one (I used a silicone sheet). Set the pan of fish aside while you make the stuffing.
Preheat the oven to 350º. Melt 2 T. of the butter in a skillet. Add the Louisiana Cajun “Trinity” (celery, bell pepper and onion :)) and saute until tender. Add the salt, black pepper and Seafood Spice blend. Stir well to blend the ingredients. Add the crawfish tail meat and saute a minute or so until done (if not already cooked). Remove from heat and add the breadcrumbs. Stir well.
Using a medium spoon, fill each fish with half the stuffing. You will likely have to press it down firmly for it all to stay in the cavity you formed. Fold the flesh back up over the stuffing as best you can and press again. Place the last tablespoon of butter in the pan between the fish and pop into the 350º oven. When the butter has melted, pull out the pan and baste the outside of the fish with it and put back into oven. Bake for about 20-25 minutes or until flesh appears opaque and flaky (not raw). I have a super long blade spatula for lifting fish off pans, but if you do not, I recommend using two small ones to lift the fish out onto your serving platter or dinner plates. I served mine with a lovely green salad. I hope you enjoy this recipe as much as we did. We haven't had whole, stuffed fish in a very long time and we both had forgotten how much we like it.
NUTRITIONAL INFO: Makes two individual stuffed fish, each contains:
575 calories
33 g fat
6.5 g carbs, 2.4 g fiber, 4.1 g NET CARBS
65 g protein
646 mg sodium
Are the mounting allegations of sexual harassment hurting GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain's chances with Republican voters? An Ipsos poll conducted for Reuters says yes, showing his popularity falling from 37 to 32 percent. After a brief period of excitement, the folks playing Intrade prediction market seem to have given up on the candidate entirely. A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll released today, on the other hand, says the accusations haven't hurt him too much. And a just-released Gallup ranking actually puts Cain in the lead for the nomination, tied with Mitt Romney.
Republicans may end up rejecting Cain—if I had to play political prognosticator, which I shouldn't, I would guess that he'll be out of the top slot by Thanksgiving—but right now the effect of the scandal on the GOP electorate is at least somewhat unclear.
One side consequence of the media frenzy around the sex scandal, however, is that it distracts from all the non-scandal-related ways in which Cain is a terrible candidate who has trouble recalling even basic policy details and distinctions.
Take this non-answer that he gave over the weekend at a one on one debate with Newt Gingrich:
Now, most people probably don't spend much time thinking about the difference between "premium support," which, like Paul Ryan's health care plan, offer beneficiaries a fixed subsidy toward the purchase of insurance, and defined benefit health care plans, which, like traditional Medicare, offer beneficiaries guaranteed access to a set of predetermined health benefits regardless of the eventual total cost.*
But Cain doesn't appear to know the difference at all.
There's a lot that Cain doesn't appear to know, or care to know. He famously bragged about not knowing the name of the president of “Ubeki-beki-beki-beki-stan-stan.” (To be sure, I would have to look up the name of the country's president too; but I'm not a foreign policy wonk, and I'm not running for president.) Cain then went on to call for an end to “foggy foreign policy” in a speech last Friday, and declared that his own foreign policy was an “extension of the Reagan philosophy” that he described as “peace through strength and clarity.” How much clarity can there really be if you dismiss the need to know even basic details about a country of substantial strategic importance to American trade?
It's not just foreign policy that confuses Cain either. Cain deferred questions about his own signature economic plan to a policy adviser at an American Enterprise Institute event on Cain's 9-9-9 tax plan and a National Press Club Event last week.
Indeed, Cain seems to have frequent trouble figuring out exactly what he does and doesn't know, even on issues that are presumably chewing up large amounts of his time and attention. When the first details of the sexual harassment scandal broke last week, reports surfaced indicating that the National Restaurant Association, where he was president during the time the incidents were alleged to have taken place, had ended a complaint with a cash settlement. Cain denied knowing about a settlement a first, but later changed his story and said that he did know about a settlement. And then, in response to accusations that he changed his story, Cain declared that, well, he didn't change his story. Gotcha.
On the other hand, he's the only GOP candidate I've heard sing at a press conference.
*Mitt Romney's answer, as I noted this morning, is "both."
Michigan athletic director Dave Brandon has placed his strong support behind coach Brady Hoke, writing in a blog post that Hoke will lead the program "well into the future" despite a disappointing 7-4 season.
Brandon used his blog to quash rumors about Hoke's job status. His comments come a day after Jabrill Peppers, Michigan's top recruit in the 2014 class, said he plans to take official visits elsewhere because of "the rumors about Coach Hoke possibly not being there," Peppers told ESPN.com's Tom VanHaaren.
"Brady Hoke is our coach and will be leading our football program well into the future," Brandon wrote. "There is no question about it. Brady has done a great job rebuilding the program and reshaping the culture to the level it was under coaches Bo Schembechler, Gary Moeller and Lloyd Carr. Anyone making efforts to stir up a coaching controversy at Michigan is ill-informed and is likely promoting a personal agenda that is not in the best interest of Michigan football."
Brandon acknowledged that Michigan hasn't met expectations this season and won't make excuses for falling short. Hoke guided Michigan to an 11-2 record and a Sugar Bowl win in his first year, but the team has gone just 15-9 since as its Big Ten title drought has reached nine seasons.
The Wolverines rose to No. 11 in the Associated Press poll after a Week 2 win against Notre Dame but then began struggling, nearly falling to Akron and Connecticut. They've lost three of their past four Big Ten games.
Brandon urged patience in his blog post, noting that former Stanford coach Jim Harbaugh didn't enjoy great success in his third season. Brandon fired Rich Rodriguez in January 2011 after three seasons and brought in Hoke, a former Michigan assistant under Carr.
"The depth that this program needs to be a consistent winner is coming, but it doesn't happen overnight or in one or two recruiting classes," Brandon wrote. "It takes time and probably a little more time than we all anticipated. However, the only threat to our continued success in recruiting is the same old, tired tactic being used by some who wish to see us fail -- to try and scare young recruits into believing that our coach 'is on the hot seat' -- which simply isn't true."
Hoke has three years remaining on a six-year contract he signed in 2011. Michigan finishes the regular season Saturday at Michigan Stadium against Ohio State, currently No. 3 in the BCS standings.
"I know that Brady Hoke will finish his career at Michigan as one of the most successful coaches in our program's storied history," Brandon wrote.
Going forward it will be more and more difficult to get your money out of the financial system.
The reason for these concerns the actual structure of the financial system. As I've outlined previously, that structure is as follows:
1) The total currency (actual cash in the form of bills and coins) in the US financial system is a little over $1.36 trillion.
2) When you include digital money sitting in short-term accounts and long-term accounts then you're talking about roughly $10 trillion in “money” in the financial system.
3) In contrast, the money in the US stock market (equity shares in publicly traded companies) is over $20 trillion in size.
4) The US bond market (money that has been lent to corporations, municipal Governments, State Governments, and the Federal Government) is almost twice this at $38 trillion.
5) Total Credit Market Instruments (mortgages, collateralized debt obligations, junk bonds, commercial paper and other digitally-based “money” that is based on debt) is even larger $58.7 trillion.
6) Unregulated over the counter derivatives traded between the big banks and corporations is north of $220 trillion.
When looking over these data points, the first thing that jumps out at the viewer is that the vast bulk of “money” in the system is in the form of digital loans or credit (non-physical debt).
Put another way, actual physical money or cash (as in bills or coins you can hold in your hand) comprises less than 1% of the “money” in the financial system. Suffice to say, one of the biggest concerns for the Federal Reserve is what would happen if a significant percentage of investors decided to move into physical cash.
Indeed, this is precisely what happened in 2008 when depositors attempted to pull $500 billion out of money market funds.
A money market fund takes investors' cash and plunks it into short-term highly liquid debt and credit securities. These funds are meant to offer investors a return on their cash, while being extremely liquid (meaning investors can pull their money at any time).
This works great in theory… but when $500 billion in money was being pulled (roughly 24% of the entire market) in the span of four weeks, the truth of the financial system was quickly laid bare: that digital money is not in fact safe .
To use a metaphor, when the money market fund and commercial paper markets collapsed, the oil that kept the financial system working dried up. Almost immediately, the gears of the system began to grind to a halt.
When all of this happened, the global Central Banks realized that their worst nightmare could in fact become a reality: that if a significant percentage of investors/ depositors ever tried to convert their “wealth” into cash (particularly physical cash) the whole system would implode.
As a result of this, the Fed and the regulators are looking to implement moves that would make it much harder to move money into physical cash.
If you find difficulty in taking my word for this, consider the recent regulations implemented by SEC to stop withdrawals from happening should another crisis occur.
The regulation is called Rules Provide Structural and Operational Reform to Address Run Risks in Money Market Funds. It sounds relatively innocuous until you get to the below quote:
Redemption Gates – Under the rules, if a money market fund's level of weekly liquid assets falls below 30 percent, a money market fund's board could in its discretion temporarily suspend redemptions (gate). To impose a gate, the board of directors would find that imposing a gate is in the money market fund's best interests. A money market fund that imposes a gate would be required to lift that gate within 10 business days, although the board of directors could determine to lift the gate earlier. Money market funds would not be able to impose a gate for more than 10 business days in any 90-day period…
Also see…
Government Money Market Funds – Government money market funds would not be subject to the new fees and gates provisions. However, under the proposed rules, these funds could voluntarily opt into them, if previously disclosed to investors.
http://www.sec.gov/News/PressRelease/Detail/PressRelease/1370542347
In simple terms, if the system is ever under duress again, money market funds can lock in capital (meaning you can't get your money out) for up to 10 days. If the financial system was healthy and stable, there is no reason the regulators would be implementing this kind of reform.
This is just the start of a much larger strategy by the Fed to declare War on Cash.
Indeed, we've uncovered a secret document outlining how the Fed plans to incinerate savings to force investors away from cash and into riskier assets.
We detail this paper and outline t hree investment strategies you can implement right now to protect your capital from the Fed's sinister plan in our Special Report Survive the Fed's War on Cash.
We are making 1,000 copies available for FREE the general public.
To pick up yours, swing by….
http://www.phoenixcapitalmarketing.com/cash.html
Best Regards
Phoenix Capital Research
Greek authorities on several islands in the Aegean Sea are raising the alarm over an increasing influx of refugees from Turkey, which has soared since the failed coup, while the EU fears Turkey will not keep to its promises regarding the refugee deal.
The number of migrants risking the hazardous journey to the islands by water only increased since the 15 June failed coup. Lesbos and other islands that have seen large influxes of refugees, are housing 9,240 migrants as of Saturday, according to Greek government figures cited by the Guardian.
According to the governor of North Aegean, Christiana Kalogirou, there is a “constant and apparently increasing flow” to the islands. Some working with migrants compare the situation now to what it had been before a deal with Turkey had been struck.
EU President Jean-Claude Juncker voiced alarm on Friday saying “the risk is big” to the deal and Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has already “hinted several times that he wants to scrap it.”
Read more
In an interview to Austria's Kurier he added that, in the event of Erdoğan not sticking to his promises, “we can expect migrants to start coming to Europe again.”
According to Juncker, “the success so far of the pact is fragile.”
Athens says it has evidence of Turkey falling back on its promises, as Turkish migration monitors are leaving Greece and there is no belief that they will return or will be replaced.
Meanwhile, clashes broke out at the Greek-Turkish border on July 23, as pro-migrant protesters rallied against the Turkish border fence. Police reacted by using tear gas and stun grenades. According to Greek media, over 200 members of the group known as 'No Border Camp' held a rally in Kastanies against the closed-door policy.
There are views from some corners that Turkey is looking to make life difficult for the Greeks in retaliation for the eight Turkish officers who participated in the coup and fled across the border to Greece. Athens has so far refused to hand them back.
Read more
Greek anarchists recently attacked the residence of the Turkish ambassador in Athens Kerim Uras. Uras, for his part, blamed Greece for housing the defectors, saying they were “people who were trying to demolish democracy in Turkey.
They were killing citizens and shelling institutions with laser-guided bombs. They weren't upholding human rights.”
Uras believes they should never have been given shelter in Greece. “They should have been sent back very fast. Now they are clearly exploiting the asylum procedure.”
Meanwhile, in Turkey, Erdoğan is busy reforming his military, shutting academies and making significant cuts to ranks. He is also proposing to give himself more powers, such as being in charge of intelligence and general staff.
WASHINGTON -- During a surprise appearance in the White House Briefing Room on Monday, President Barack Obama responded to Republican challenger Mitt Romney's claim that Obama has "gutted" work requirements for welfare recipients. Obama called the charge "absolutely wrong."
A reporter asked Obama if he was comfortable with the tone of his campaign, pointing to an ad by an Obama-supporting super PAC that implied Romney bore responsibility for a woman's cancer death after her husband lost his job following a buyout by Romney's former company.
"I don't think that Gov. Romney is somehow responsible for the death of the woman that was portrayed in that ad," Obama said. "But keep in mind this is an ad that I didn't approve, I did not produce, and as far as I can tell, has barely run."
The president then pointed out that Romney himself has endorsed attack ads rated false by a plethora of newspapers and fact-checkers. (The Romney camp released the latest such ad earlier on Monday.)
"Now, in contrast you've got Gov. Romney creating as a centerpiece of his campaign this notion that we're taking the work requirement out of welfare, which every single person here who's looked at it says is patently false," Obama said. "What he's arguing is somehow we have changed the welfare requirement, the work requirement in our welfare laws. And, in fact, what's happened was that my administration, responding to the requests of five governors, including two Republican governors, agreed to approve giving them, those states, some flexibility in how they manage their welfare rolls as long as it produced 20 percent increases in the number of people who are getting work."
Nevada and Utah were among the states interested in greater flexibility in the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program, better known as welfare. The Obama administration has not announced that any waivers have gone out.
This pretty cupcake is a fun design to crochet. It's worked using tapestry crochet, and the finishing touches are added to cross stitch and surface crochet.
Skill Level: Experienced
If you'd like to work this pattern but you don't think of yourself as an experienced crocheter, please don't let the skill level rating scare you away.
On the one hand, this pattern isn't complex; it's worked mostly in single crochet, and no complicated shaping is required. However, you do need to know how to do color changes, and you will also be carrying two inactive colors of yarn throughout. If you haven't practiced the tapestry crochet technique yet, you'll find that maintaining a consistent tension throughout the piece can be a bit of a challenge.
If you haven't yet tried tapestry crochet, I'd recommend working a simple checkerboard pattern first -- it's much easier than this cupcake pattern. That practice piece will give you a good feel for the technique. If you can successfully finish the checkerboard, you'll likely achieve success with this cupcake too.
Supply List
Yarn: You'll need four colors of yarn, as follows:
Color A: lighter pink (background color)
Color B: tan (cupcake color)
Color C: darker pink (frosting color)
Color D: red (cherry color) -- This can be scrap yarn. You only need a small amount of it.
This project sample was crocheted using worsted weight yarn. The two pink colors are Cascade 220 wool, the tan is a mill-spun New Zealand wool yarn, and the red yarn is Paton's classic wool.
It could be interesting to try crocheting this pattern in other yarn weights and other fibers; feel free to experiment if you like.
Crochet Hook: You'll need a hook that's compatible with your chosen yarn or fiber.
Tapestry Needle: A tapestry needle is essential for working the cross stitch part of this pattern; it is also handy for weaving in your loose ends when you are finished crocheting.
Finished Size: This sample piece measures approximately 8.5 inches square.
Abbreviations Used in This Pattern
ch = chain
sc = single crochet
sl st = slip stitch
st = stitch
Project Instructions
To crochet the square, you'll be working with three of the four yarn colors. Although the first four rows are worked in color A alone, carrying colors B and C from the beginning and then continuing to carry both your unused colors throughout the pattern is recommended.
This helps with two things: first, it helps you to achieve stitches that are more square than they would be otherwise; the carried yarns add to the height of your stitches. Second, it makes it easier to maintain a consistent tension throughout.
Using color A, ch 29, begin working this cupcake color chart, Do not crochet the red Xes on the chart; ignore them for now. The Xes denote areas that will be cross-stitched, and the cross stitch will be worked over top of the cupcake pattern after you are finished crocheting the square.
When you have finished crocheting the chart, work a round of sc st around the outer perimeter of the square using color A. I worked 2 ch sts to form each corner.
For a bit of extra dimension, you can work around of surface crochet slip stitches in the spot where the border touches the outer edge of the charted design. If you look closely at the photo, you can see this little detail on the sample project. This is optional, and the design would be okay without it.
Stitch the Cherry Motif
Thread your tapestry crochet needle using color D. Use it to cross stitch the cherry onto the top of the cupcake. Each red X on the chart represents a cross stitch on the finished piece.
Finishing the Cupcake
Insert your hook into a spot where colors A, C, and D touch each other. Pull up a loop of color C and use it for working an outline of surface crochet slip stitches around the outer edge of the frosting on the cupcake. You'll be working these sts in the area where colors A and C touch each other.
This is your opportunity to "clean up" the jagged edges and make the cupcake look as appealing as possible. Study the sample carefully; see how the surface crochet stitches are used to outline the piece.
Using color D, work a round of surface crochet slip stitches in a circle over top of the cross stitched area. This makes the cherry motif appear to be round instead of square. End off color D and weave in loose ends.
Insert your hook into a spot where colors A, B, and C touch each other. Pull up a loop of color B and work surface crochet slip stitches around the edge of the cupcake, working around the area where colors A and B touch each other.
End off. Weave in the remaining loose ends. Block the piece if desired.
Ideas for Using This Cupcake Square
Nanotechnology strategy for water-quality testing with artificial 'microfish'
(Nanowerk Spotlight) Advances in micro- and nanoscale engineering have led to various mobile devices that either can move on solids (see: "Nanotechnology reinvents the wheel") or swim in fluids (see: "Self-propelled microrockets detect dangerous bacteria in food, clinical and environmental samples"). Researchers are applying various strategies to designing nanoscale propulsion systems by either using or copying biological systems such as the flagellar motors of bacteria or by employing various chemical reactions. Different practical micromotor applications, ranging from drug delivery, to target isolation and environmental remediation, have thus been reported over the past 2-3 years.
Yet, there are no reports on a nanomachine-based toxicity assay approach, analogous to the use of live aquatic organisms for testing the quality of our water resources.
Until now. In new work, Joseph Wang, a Distinguished Professor in the Department of Nanoengineering at UC San Diego (UCSD), and his team, took advantage of recently developed biocatalytic – enzyme-powered – tubular microengines that offer efficient propulsion in various real-life media and on well established enzyme inhibition processes.
Reporting their work in the December 12, 2012 online edition of ACS Nano ("Artificial Enzyme-Powered Microfish for Water-Quality Testing"), the researchers describe a new simple and cost-effective nanotechnology strategy for water-quality testing based on changes in the propulsion behavior and lifetime of artificial biocatalytic microswimmers in the presence of aquatic pollutants, in a manner analogous to changes in the swimming behavior and survival of natural fish used for toxicity testing.
"Our new micromotor toxicity testing concept mimics live-fish water testing and relies on the toxin-induced inhibition of the enzyme catalase, responsible for the biocatalytic bubble propulsion of tubular microengines," Wang explains to Nanowerk. "The basis for this exciting development is thus the influence of the toxin upon the activity of the enzyme powering the micromotor, and hence upon the propulsion efficiency and survival time of such artificial biocatalytic microswimmers."
The novel nanoswimmer water-toxicity assay strategy addresses drawbacks associated with fish-toxicity assays, including standardization and reproducibility problems, and major ethical concerns associated with live-fish toxicity bioassays (one of the oldest and most widely used approaches for testing the quality of our water resources relies on changes in the swimming behavior and lifetime expectancy of live fish in the presence of toxic substances).
Scheme illustrating the pollutant effect on the microfish locomotion speed through inhibition of the catalase biocatalytic layer (bottom) along with the protocol used for immobilizing the enzyme at the inner gold surface of the tubular microengine through a mixed MUA/MCH self-assembled monolayer (top). (Reprinted with permission from American Chemical Society)
The researchers fabricated their artificial microfish by a template-based electrodeposition of PEDOT/gold bilayer microtubes. These have a defined conical microtube configuration, with a length of ∼8 µm, outer diameters of 2.0 and 1.2 µm, along with inner openings of 1.6 and 0.8 µm.
The microengine-based water toxicity testing developed by the UCSD team relies on changes in the propulsion behavior associated with the inhibition of the catalase biocatalytic layer by common pollutants.
The biocatalytic decomposition of the hydrogen peroxide fuel at the inner enzymatic layer of the microtube generates the oxygen bubble thrust at the tail of the fish and leads to an efficient swimming motion of the microfish. However, if this device encounters chemical stress – for instance heavy metals, pesticides or herbicides – the biocatalytic activity of catalase is inhibited and results in a lower bubble frequency and an impaired locomotion of the artificial microfish.
Wang notes that the optical tracking of the movement of the artificial microfish thus offers a simple and direct real-time visualization of these toxin-induced changes in their swimming performance.
Chris Detrick, The Salt Lake Tribune (AP)
SALT LAKE CITY — Gov. Gary Herbert on Thursday signed into law an anti-discrimination measure that earned the support of the Mormon church amid a crowd that brought smiling clergy members together with LGBT activists draped in rainbow flags.
Hundreds of people packed the rotunda and the staircase behind the governor to witness the unusual public signing ceremony Thursday night. The crowd roared when Herbert proudly held up a freshly inked copy of the bill.
Herbert's signature was the final step for the proposal, which flew through the Legislature after it was unveiled last week with the endorsement of the Utah-based Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Many Utah lawmakers and the Republican governor are members of the church.
The law protects lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender residents from discrimination in housing and employment — a step activists have been pushing for years — while also creating exemptions for religious organizations and protecting religious speech in the workplace.
Article continues below
“I have no doubt that the eyes of the nation are upon us,” Herbert said, calling lawmakers' attempt to strike a balance between religious freedom and LGBT equality a “historic occasion.”
The governor's decision to sign the bill before the legislative session had ended was rare, demonstrating the importance state officials have given a bill they believe could serve as a model for other states grappling with how to reconcile gay rights and religious rights.
His stately introduction was followed by more straightforward comments from one of the bill's sponsors, Republican Sen. Steve Urquhart, who strode to the podium wearing red pants and exclaimed, “How cool is this?”
Urquhart went on to say that religious liberty and LGBT equality are not mutually exclusive but both “pillars in the pantheon of freedom.”
Continue reading →
This Story Filed Under
Jurgen Klopp says Liverpool has the strength in depth to deal with a Carabao Cup run, for now
Jurgen Klopp insists Liverpool will not go to Leicester with "a white flag" as he has the squad to cope in the Carabao Cup.
Liverpool faces the added pressure of a potentially lucrative run in the Champions League this season, having returned to the competition for the first time in three years following their fourth-placed finish in the Premier League.
Klopp is adamant he has the personnel for a Carabao Cup campaign, though, making seven changes to the side that faced Burnley last weekend ahead of their trip to the King Power Stadium on Tuesday, live on Sky Sports Premier League.
"From today's perspective, yes - we will see how it is in January," Klopp said, when asked if Liverpool can deal with multiple competitions.
"What is my alternative? To go to Leicester with a white flag? Or say, 'If you want to go to the semi-finals in January, then do it because we don't want to be part of it'?
Lallana, Clyne take recovery steps Adam Lallana (thigh) and Nathaniel Clyne (back) are making positive steps in their recoveries from injuries, Jurgen Klopp has confirmed, but the pair remain out of first-team action.
Liverpool finished runners-up in the league cup in Klopp's first season in charge at Anfield and were knocked out at the semi-final stage by Southampton in January this year.
Klopp maintains he has fielded strong sides in the competition whenever possible, and will not be changing his approach this time around - as long as it does not impact on their other endeavours.
"We had a few line-ups and everything was good in the last few years when we went through this competition in different games and then, at one point, we didn't have the opportunity to line up the strongest side and [people said I did not] respect the cup competitions," Klopp added.
Klopp insists he is unfazed by the Manchester clubs' strong start to the season Klopp insists he is unfazed by the Manchester clubs' strong start to the season
"That's obviously not so nice. In this moment, we have the players for it and I think the squad is wide enough to play in different competitions and to come as far as possible and that's the plan at the moment.
"We are really there to win the game. It will be difficult enough but this competition is good. The final was good when we played there, the semi-final last year with Southampton [came at] the wrongest possible moment but we couldn't change that.
"We will see how it is in January but, in this moment, I feel quite comfortable when I think about different opportunities to use the players and to bring the players in different games."
Former Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has been banned for 12 months
Former Leeds owner Massimo Cellino has been banned for 12 months and fined £100,000 by the Football Association for breaking rules on football agents during his time at the club.
Cellino, now owner of Serie B side Brescia, twice appealed against the FA's sanctions after being found guilty of breaching regulations over the sale of former Leeds striker Ross McCormack in 2014.
Striker McCormack was sold by Leeds to Fulham for an undisclosed fee, believed to be £11m.
"Former Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino has been suspended from all football activity for a period of 12 months and has been fined £100,000 by an FA Rule K Tribunal sitting as an Appeal Board," the FA said in a statement.
"These sanctions arise from breaches of the FA's Football Agent Regulations relating to the transfer of Ross McCormack from Leeds to Fulham on July 8, 2014.
"Cellino's case was first heard before a Regulatory Commission in December 2016, which found him guilty of bringing the game into disrepute, banned him for 18 months and fined him £250,000.
"Cellino appealed against that decision and his case was heard by an FA Appeal Board in January 2017, which upheld the decision of the Regulatory Commission on liability but reduced the ban to 12 months and the fine to £100,000.
"Cellino challenged this decision by way of an FA Rule K Arbitration on grounds which included an allegation of apparent bias, on the basis that one member of the Appeal Board had been a member of the FA Council.
Highlights from Elland Road as Leeds hosted Sheffield United in the the Sky Bet Championship Highlights from Elland Road as Leeds hosted Sheffield United in the the Sky Bet Championship
"The FA disputed that contention but agreed to compromise the proceedings on the basis that Cellino's appeal would be heard again by the Arbitration Tribunal, sitting as an FA Appeal Board.
"That hearing took place on July 27, 2017. The Tribunal upheld the previous findings of the Regulatory Commission and imposed the sanctions set out above."
Cellino, who owned Cagliari before completing a takeover of Leeds in 2014, sold a 50 per cent stake in the Yorkshire club in January this year to fellow Italian Andrea Radrizzani, who bought the remaining shares in May.
Cellino's three years as owner of Leeds were beset with controversy. He was banned three times in total by England's football authorities and the club had seven managers during his reign.
Devblog#22 Cargo and Refining rework
What's up survivors? We are barely able to contain our excitement about the 0.2 update, and although we'd love to tell you everything about it at once, it would be an incredibly long post.
So, today we bring you another upcoming feature: refining and cargo rework. So you might be wondering: what's wrong with the current system? Or rather, why do we think that a rework is a good idea? Given that some of these changes are rather substantial, we will cover each change in depth and explain the logic behind it as well as how it could affect gameplay.
Up until now players only had two options available to them when it came to obtaining fuel, oxygen and other necessities: mining and stealing. Needless to say, many players weren't exactly happy with this setup. With the new loot distribution system making its debut in 0.2, players will be able to find both raw and refined resource canisters while exploring derelicts and abandoned stations. This will present exploration as a viable alternative to the first two options and make going through the derelicts worth it.
There was a slight problem with this concept however. Lack of available storage space for all those new canisters. This led us to the decision to rework the ship's lower deck and make it look more like an actual cargo hold, instead of an empty room. The new design offers a lot of room when it comes to storing your items, whether they are canisters, equipment or parts and also looks a bit like locations found in some of our favourite sci-fi shows of old.
Stealing from others is also more difficult now because players cannot rob others by simply docking with their ship, since the “traditional” cargo interface was replaced with a new refueling system. Directly transferring resources between the ship and station is now only possible via cargo interaction panel found inside the starting module and the cargo module.
To make these changes a bit more meaningful, we also decided to change refining. Many players noticed that the starting ship was a bit “too powerful”. This is mostly true as the ship provided everything except cryo service. A few clever players also found a workaround for this by grappling the starting module and taking it with them wherever they went. This raised a valid question: What was the purpose of having a base at all? Why bother looking for and connecting different modules if a single ship could easily replace an entire station?
Starting with 0.2 the refining option will be removed from the starting ship and only made possible in modules with a proper cargo interaction interface, such as starting and cargo modules. To further assist players with this, a number of unique stations will serve as refineries, fixed locations where players can go in search of loot, resources and to refine raw resources they obtained by either mining or scavenging.
To summarize: with this new loot distribution system, overhauled cargo design and reworked refining mechanic - exploration should become an honorable alternative to “borrowing” resources from other players,
Lastly, do check out our news section next Wednesday, when we will reveal the exact date for the 0.2 update.
Stay well and until next time,
Posted by Zero Gravity team
Other Related Content Excerpts from UI emails 02182012
In the summer of 2010, the University of Illinois Board of Trustees convened a retreat to build an agenda for the coming years.
Among the many topics they discussed that July afternoon: What could the university do to recruit more underrepresented students and high-achieving students?
At the retreat, board Chair Christopher Kennedy suggested a universitywide "enrollment management" system to enhance diversity recruitment, and newly appointed President Michael Hogan said such as system would pull together registration, financial aid and other functions.
A year and a half later, the proposals and recommendations outlined in a report commissioned by Hogan have set off a fierce debate with faculty leaders, with some criticizing the president for pushing centralization and pressuring chancellors to issues public statements in support of the changes. During the debate, Hogan's chief of staff resigned amid an investigation into anonymous emails sent from her computer. Those emails to faculty revolved around their criticism of the enrollment management report.
Now, from emails obtained under the Freedom of Information Act, The News-Gazette has learned that:
— UI administration envisioned centralizing enrollment management well before hiring external reviewers to examine the university's recruiting and admissions processes.
— The external reviewers' report was edited several times by Lisa Troyer, Hogan's former chief of staff, before it was submitted to faculty and trustees for review.
— And UI trustees also apparently discussed the enrollment management review report last July in executive session, raising questions about the board's use of exemptions outlined in the Illinois Open Meetings Act.
In recent months as faculty have reviewed the report, which proposed 21 different recommendations in enrollment management, Hogan has told faculty members the board endorsed it, prompting many to wonder when the board took formal action on it.
In an email obtained by The News-Gazette, Hogan informed Lee Melvin, who conducted the external review for Hogan last year while Melvin was a vice president at the University of Connecticut, that the board of trustees "discussed the report in executive session last week (July 2011) and is clearly impressed with the work and the vision it embodies. I know they'll also be disappointed that our inability to move more quickly (largely because of a small group of loud and opposing faculty) and to have likely lost out on the opportunity to recruit you."
University spokesman Tom Hardy said he does not discuss what occurs in executive sessions but confirmed trustees met in several closed sessions during the two-day, July 20-21, 2011, retreat and meeting, including two sessions for employment or appointment-related matters. At that time of year, the board typically conducts its annual review of the president.
According to the Illinois Open Meetings Act, public bodies can close a meeting to the public to discuss litigation, employment matters, property acquisition, audits, discipline of employees and other matters. The UI may have discussed the report while conducting an employee review, but that argument's "pretty weak," said Don Craven, whose law practice provides counsel to the Illinois Press Association.
Because more than 60 days has passed since the meeting occurred in July 2011, a request for review with the Illinois attorney general's office cannot be filed.
Hardy said trustees routinely give direction to a president or endorse his actions without discussing the issue publicly, unless it is a matter that requires board action.
'Not privy to ... the discussion'
Hogan sent the message to Melvin, who is now associate vice provost for enrollment at Cornell University, about a week after he shared a draft of the report with the trustees. Members of the University Senates Conference also received a draft copy of the report around that time.
University Senates Conference Chair Don Chambers, a Chicago professor who frequently attends board of trustee meetings, said he does not remember an "organized discussion about the enrollment management document."
It is not unusual for a trustee at a board meeting to share some thoughts related to admissions, "but that's different from saying, 'Here's an enrollment management plan and let's discuss it,'" Chambers said.
"It was said several times the board supported the enrollment management document. Given that, the support couldn't have come from some ether. At some point (trustees) have had to discuss it. We were not privy to the nature of the discussion," Chambers said.
Hardy said the board passed a resolution in March 2011 in which it reiterated support for Hogan's administrative-staffing initiatives. That resolution, which does not mention enrollment management by name, does state the board's endorsement for "other staffing changes that will better integrate administrative services across the university in order to improve the quality of those services, and contribute to cost savings."
Trustee Ed McMillan said the board started discussing improving the UI's recruitment efforts universitywide with interim President Stanley Ikenberry back in 2009 and 2010, shortly after they were first appointed following the Catgory I admissions scandal.
The goal was to help all three campuses attract and retain for the "best and brightest" students in Illinois and around the world, he said. During the board's July 2010 retreat, he said, the goal was defined further to include minority and underrepresented students.
What the board is trying to do is give all entities within the university the tools and support they need — whether it's more financial aid or a combination of on-campus and online courses to attract the best students.
"Unfortunately it's gotten interpreted as centrally we're going to try to tell everybody who they should recruit," he said. "That's not the intent, that never was the intent, and unfortunately it's not getting through. It's frustrating right now, that we're embroiled in mechanics."
Promise broken
Joyce Tolliver, vice chair of the Urbana senate, said the Senates Conference received a draft copy of the enrollment management report on July 26 but was told that it could not be distributed beyond that group. The final version, dated August 2011, was given to the Senates Conference on Sept. 24. It was entitled, "Report of the External Review Team on Enrollment Management and Services at the University of Illinois."
That the trustees saw the report before the campus senates and Senates Conference reviewed it was a violation of a promise Hogan made to members of the Senates Conference, said Urbana Professor Nicholas Burbules.
At a meeting in late February, not long after the president sought the assistance of Melvin and Kedra Ishop, an admissions administrator at the University of Texas at Austin, Hogan told the group that he would share a proposal with the Senates Conference before taking it to the board, according to the group's minutes.
"He took it to the board, got their approval, then told us that because they had approved it, our input didn't really matter any more," Burbules said.
Two months after the board met in its July 2011 retreat and discussed the report, UI board Chair Kennedy sent a memo to Hogan outlining the president's goals for fiscal year 2012. One of those goals was to launch a search to fill the position of executive director of enrollment planning and management, a university administrator who would "oversee enrollment services and related activities across all three campuses, including undergraduate recruitment and retention, admissions, financial aid, registration, record keeping, creation of branding and marketing messages, career development services, first-year programs, transfer arrangements, and development of learning communities."
The goal also called on Hogan to charge the new administrator with implementing the recommendations from the report of the external enrollment management review team.
Drafting the report
Hiring an enrollment administrator was something Hogan envisioned early into his arrival on campus. Back in the fall of 2010, a few months after she joined Hogan at the UI, chief of staff Troyer told Melvin and Dolan Evanovich, a vice president for strategic enrollment at Ohio State University, in an email that she and Hogan were contemplating "moving toward centralization of a very de-centralized enrollment management operation out here. Toward that end, we've culled web sites (including OSU's) to develop a position description. ... I should note that we recognize the challenges the title here might reflect — VP might be better but for a number of different reasons, we probably can't do that now (although we would probably try to do so down the road)," Troyer wrote.
Then in early 2011 she sent Melvin and Kedra Ishop more detailed information outlining what the president would like the review to involve. Originally the review was anticipated to be completed by the end of February.
The president would like the review to include: "examination of opportunities to improve efficiency in recruitment and admissions ... identification of strategies for streamlining and coordinating recruitment and admissions processes across the three campuses ... assessment of opportunities to improve recruitment and enrollment of underrepresented students and non-resident students at all three campuses, evaluation of the relationship between admissions operations and financial aid operations, analysis of strategies to improve retention and graduation rates," Troyer wrote in the email.
Starting in April, emails show, she and Hogan began asking for the final report, and at one point requested the reviewers to be sure to mark it as a draft so the document would not be subject to Freedom of Information Act requests. Over the next month, a series of drafts and edits and revisions were sent back and forth between Troyer and Melvin. Eventually a draft was shared with trustees and faculty in July. The formal report is dated August 2011.
In an email to Melvin on July 24, 2011, Troyer said the board saw a draft copy and "Chris Kennedy said, 'this looks great' and conveyed it's all they need to move forward. I'm not sure if they mean all the recommendations and suggestion of a central office, but we'll know soon and I'll keep you posted."
The final report's recommendations were wide-ranging, calling on campuses to establish strategic enrollment goals, recommending the university should join the common application consortium, developing diversity recruitment plans, easing the transfer of students between the three campuses, adopting a centralized admissions and financial aid processing system, emphasizing the university as a whole when branding the university to students, and more.
Throughout the fall faculty raised a number of questions and concerns about the report and expressed fears about centralization and loss of campus autonomy. In December, the Senates Conference ended up endorsing only three of the recommendations, while calling for additional discussion for some and rejecting others.
Next steps
In response to mounting faculty concerns, Hogan and Kennedy met with the conference in January to review all the recommendations. Since then, Hogan has also taken off the table the proposal regarding branding. A new draft has been in the works since that meeting and just this past week a document was shared with the members of the Senates Conference.
On Tuesday, the Senates Conference will meet with Hogan and Kennedy to review Hogan's revised enrollment management report, drafted in response to concerns raised in recent months.
"I realize until things are clear and understandable, and everybody understands where they are and ... they don't feel a threat, that it's not disenfranchising individuals internally or externally, until that gets satisfied, there's going to be resistance and pushback and questions," UI Trustee McMillan said. "I'm hopeful that we can cooperatively, from the board of trustees to the department head who's worried about recruiting the best and brightest in their department, that we can all work together for that (goal)."
McMillan said he's not sure how that can be accomplished but is hopeful that by the next board meeting in March some issues can be resolved.
"It's a complex issue, but sometimes I think we make it more complicated than it needs to be," he said.
INDIE G ZINE+ UNLOCKED!
ZINE+ is here for everyone (just ignore the + tier rewards and go for the normal ones! More on our latest update). It could get even bigger depending on the final amount of money raised.
This first version includes:
50 artists/games instead of just 30
Small reviews of all the games
Interviews with some of the devs
If we can get even more money, we will include more artists/games! In this first version is possible that we still don't go with the "extra page per piece" gig. In this first version the extra could be included as separate parts of the zine, reducing the total of pages a bit.
With the extra page thing it'd be ~110 pages. But now it'd probably be ~80-100 pages.
"Indie G Zine" and "Indie G Zine+" are the ultimate tribute to awesome indie games!
It is an illustration anthology dedicated to some of the best indie games released or upcoming. It is our way to celebrate both cool art and cool indie games.
We're still figuring out the printing method. We're between printing with a Spanish-based company or with PrintNinja, since they seem the most reliable and experienced regarding Kickstarter projects.
Now, in its "zine" form, it contains illustrations from 30 talented artists worldwide. Each one of them has portrayed a different indie game. It's a marvelous showcase of beauty and pure awesomeness.
The cover art was done by the amazing CARO WARO.
And now, behold the artist roster:
(NOTE: there can be last-minute changes due to incidentals and such. And there's a game -Cave Story- that can actually end up not being part of the zine. more here)
But we want to turn the "INDIE G ZINE" into a true "INDIE G ZINE+". What that means? We want to raise enough money to re-invest in the project and improve it in different ways.
We will include +20-90 artists/games more (depending on stretch goals)
We will include an extra page per piece with some info on the game and the artist
We will also include a small interview to some of the gamedevs
We will include some extra pages where the current artists will be able of including a smaller illustration to present another extra game they love
We want this to be a huge and useful encyclopedia for indie game lovers. Something that let them:
Enjoy beautiful art based on their favorite games
Discover new games
Get to know better the creators of the games they love
We want this to get bigger. There are still lots of games we want to be in here: The Yawhg, Bad Blood, Nidhogg, Aegis Defenders, Risk of Rain, Hollow Knight, etc!
(NOTE: design, composition and structure might change in the final version. Additionally, take into account that not all the perks might be included in the + version at first, but they might be tied to further stretch goals, depending on the cost of adding them)
You might have noticed some of the big ones missing. Undertale, Binding of Isaac... This is because we haven't been able to reach their creators to get consent to include them on here. If we get enough backers we will prepare a cool action to massively contact them! We think this way we could be able of getting their attention!
We love artzines and we love indie games. The project was born from a simple question: "why the f**k there's no artzine focused on indie games?! We want something like that! Damn... Ok, let's create that!"
Yeah, pretty simple, right?
Check all the cool rewards available!
(please, note that the final promotional poster might be a bit different in order to have new little heads of games included in the zine -for instnace The Stanley Parable and The Iconoclasts aren't in the poster now- and to remove some other ones we have no consent to use. The current version was done to convey the concepto, but you can bet it'll be as cool or even cooler in the end!)
Our stretch goals are important, since one of our main goals, as said before, is to turn the "Indie G Zine" into the true "Indie G Zine+". Unlocking the "Indie G Zine+" is a stretch goal hidden among these!
Check our stretch goals here:
SOUTH Australian coach Darren Berry and Port Adelaide counterpart Ken Hinkley today united in collective grief over fallen warriors Phillip Hughes and John McCarthy.
Hughes' devastated Redbacks teammates trained at North Adelaide where the Power were also conducting pre-season sessions.
It was the first Redbacks training since Hughes passed away last Thursday from a head injury sustained two days earlier while batting against New South Wales in Sydney.
Port Adelaide chief executive Keith Thomas has already offered SACA the full gamut of club resources and trauma expertise that saw the club successfully deal with death of McCarthy who died on a post season trip to Las Vegas in 2012.
Hinkley and Berry connected in an early morning session before the Redbacks prepared to depart en masse for Hughes's funeral in Macksville on Wednesday.
For Port Adelaide, it was the full squad's first return to training.
Veteran Kane Cornes blitzed his teammates in the 3km time trial.
The 31-year-old, due to play his 300th match next season, proved he had lost none of his renowned running power with a devastating physical performance.
Young key defender Tom Clurey and half-back Sam Colquhoun — coming off a knee reconstruction — backed up their strong runs when the 1-4 year players returned two weeks ago by finishing second and third.
Originally published as SA coaches united in grief
Now that we're really starting to get settled into these initial “New 52” arcs I'm beginning to enjoy myself much more. The pressure seems to be off; the creative teams are no longer here to awkwardly re-introduce these characters to pre-existing and new fans with sky-high expectations anymore and as such, the books are feeling (at least to me) like they're settling into their respective grooves. I've grown to enjoy some of the books I initially disliked because of a lackluster number one. Of course, Batman was not one of those books… its' first issue was one of the handful of really great New 52 titles and happily, it has only improved since.
Scott Snyder is weaving a nice, tight little mystery here that is managing to take some cliché elements (ancient secret societies, ‘Batman's met his match!', Alfred luckily providing him with the much needed, lynchpin clue, etc.) and make them fascinating. Even constantly hammering home the literal owl connections from the animal kingdom to this new villain seem interesting, even though they shouldn't be. So how is Snyder doing this? Delivery and mood. Sure Alfred drops the necessary tidbit of information to propel Bats along to his next encounter – but the dialog leading up to it is natural and engaging in a way that distracts from the “easy plot device”. Meanwhile, the villain is just vicious and mysterious enough (so far) to make us want to sit up and pay close attention to the details. His hidden thirteenth floor bunkers are a great touch to this end. Something insidious has been living right under Batman's feet, operating in secret and in a way, making him an accomplice – these thirteenth floors are located in buildings he owns, after all. This does slightly grate on me because I find it hard to believe that as prepared and as paranoid as Bruce is he wouldn't have some sort of security or redundancy in place to root out any unauthorized use of his buildings… but it is something I can forgive just because the idea is so damn cool to begin with. Speaking of cool, I enjoyed the bit with the magnet and the gang of thugs wearing the metal masks –
I enjoy it when Batman does something badass with simple devices, without going full-on James bond as it were, and this is a great example of the sort of ingenuity I like Batman to express (although, as one sharp Redditor pointed out to me: if these masks are welded to their heads, how exactly do they eat?).
So while the villain remains very intriguing and the characterization of Bruce and Batman is pretty spot on there are a few odd, slight characterization based incongruities I find a small bit troubling. For instance, I do find myself missing the heightened, methodical Sherlock-like genius of Morrison's Batman, i.e., Bruce would have known how Alan Wayne died and immediately made the connection himself – especially if Morrison's stories are still in active continuity; I'm pretty sure Bruce went over his family history with a very fine-toothed comb during all the R.I.P. events.
I also find myself wishing that the other shoe would drop with the Lincoln character. Maybe I'm just reading my own paranoia into this, but it seems very obvious to me that he is connected with the Court of Owls. He's too knowledgeable and leading during his conversations with Bruce, and if it turns out he is involved, then I think it's a big misstep on Snyder's part making Bruce oblivious to the seemingly apparent subterfuge Lincoln is attempting to sow. It seems like blatant foreshadowing done for the sake of… why exactly, I'm not sure…
Either way though, let's remain in the here and now – the story Snyder has written so far is a great one and is definitely still at the top of the New 52 pile in my mind.
The art is also staying strong and this issue begins to deviate a bit from the norm of the last two issues with some unique paneling:
I've always been a sucker for someone who knows how to effectively use negative space in comics. Greg Capullo is knocking it out of the park on this run so far. All the fight scenes have a nice intensity and the creepiness of the hidden thirteenth floor bunkers is palpable. The only thing I could whine about in regards to Capullo's work is the continued and uncanny resemblance of Lincoln to Bruce – they're nigh indistinguishable, even when they're on the same page… if this is intentional, due to the fact that my other suspicions are correct and he is a sinister bastard waiting to pounce, perhaps even take over Bruce's persona, then I can forgive the identical look for both of these characters… otherwise, what's the deal, Greg?
All in all this is a great issue. Definitely the best Batman book running right now. Go buy it if you haven't already.
Final Score 4 out of 5
Falafel originated in the Middle East and has since become a popular alternative to meat. These days, it makes a regular appearance in fast food trucks and health food outlets all over the western world.
It is typically deep fried, although I've always opted to create a much healthier baked or grilled alternative.
When I developed my original baked falafel recipe I served it on a retreat and a beautiful lady from Israel came over to me me and that it was the best falafel she'd ever tasted. I was completely bowled over, because falafel is widely considered as the national dish of Israel.
I create everything on intuition and since then I've explored different versions.
In this particular recipe here, I decided to make a burger/patty shape to form the perfect thickness for cooking under a grill (a grill in the UK = broiler in the US).
It is so easy!
Chickpeas (garbonzo beans) are one of the main ingredients in this recipe. They are a little treasure trove of nutritional goodness, with high levels of protein, plenty of phytonutrients, folates and an abundance of minerals such as manganese, iron, copper, phosphorous and zinc.
Carrots play an exciting role too, complementing the chickpeas, cumin, coriander and garlic whilst acting to moisten and help bind everything together. The humble carrot also has exceptional vitamin A and antioxidant content along with a refreshing sweetness; well and truly earning their place as the perfect addition to these tasty burgers.
It's full of goodness.
To top it all off I've also posted my coriander tahini sauce recipe for a delicious accompaniment
Click here for : Easy Tahini Sauce for Falafels Grilled 'Carrot Falafel Burger' recipe (glutenfree, vegan) Yield: 10 burgers Prep Time: 10 minutes Cook Time: 20 minutes Total Time: 30 minutes A delicious, grilled alternative to traditional falafel, using carrots, chickpeas, garlic, coriander and cumin. Serves a treat with tahini sauce. Print Ingredients 350g carrots grated (3 medium sized carrots)
3 large cloves of garlic crushed
2 tins of drained chickpeas (or 480g drained weight)
A few small sprigs of of parsley (or use dried)
5 teaspoons ground coriander
2 teaspoons cumin
1 teaspoon celtic sea salt Instructions Grate the carrots. Peel and finely crush the garlic. Drain and rinse the chickpeas. Finely chop the parsley. Blend all ingredients together with a food processor or a blender. You may need to stop the processor several times and scrape down the sides. Blend until the mixture sticks together. Some chunks are fine, as long as it all holds together when you press into a patty shape. Divide into about 10. Form into patty shapes about 1.5cm (half an inch) high. Grill (broil) under a medium temperature for approximately 10 minutes on each side. That should be enough to heat them through thoroughly and give each side a nice, toasty tan. Be careful when you turn them over, they are a little fragile until crisped off on both side... Enjoy with tahini sauce. tahini sauce…
And to top it off nicely, here's a tasty tahini sauce recipe that you can whip up in no time…
Easy Tahini Coriander Sauce Recipe
ADVERTISEMENT
Donald Trump promised on the campaign trail that as president he would hire "the best people." Reporters enjoyed snarking about what that might mean, exactly. But as Trump picks his Cabinet, we are starting to get one message loud and clear: Trump's best people are not in the political class. It is decidedly short of the journalists, wonks, consultants, lobbyists, think-tankers, and politicians that normally staff the executive branch's top tiers.
We shouldn't be so surprised. In many ways, Trump's victory was a victory won over the political class itself. Practically everyone in Washington, D.C., detested him. And Trump was also opposed by almost the entirety of the conservative wing of the political class: the conservative journalists, columnists, and policy experts. One of the Trump campaign's underlying themes was that D.C. was filled with idiots who messed everything up. They're to blame for the financial collapse, and the Iraq War, and the terrible rollout of ObamaCare.
In response, the political class all laughed at Trump's strategy of holding rallies and letting Clinton spend twice as much as him. After the victory, the band of outsiders that got aboard the Trump Train early are laughing now.
Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) looked at the Cabinet and declared it full of "Goldman, Generals, and Gazillionaires." Hedge fund manager Ray Dalio quantified just how much private sector experience Trump's picks have: a cumulative 83 years in the private sector vs. 55 years in either government or military (mostly military). By contrast, Obama's first Cabinet had achieved a cumulative of five years in the private sector vs. 122 years in the government or military (mostly government) before joining his incoming administration. Trump's Cabinet is tilted more toward the private sector than any administration in history, and Dalio predicts this may inject into the economy the "animal spirits" that spurred so much growth in the 1980s.
We could write off Dalio's comments merely as one of affinity. Trump has put people like Dalio in charge. It's not just Goldman Sachs executives, like Steve Mnuchin at treasury, or financial titans, like Wilber Ross at commerce. Linda McMahon, co-founder of the Stamford-based World Wrestling Entertainment, was tapped to run the Small Business Administration. For labor secretary, Trump's choice is Andrew Puzder, CEO of the company that runs Carl's Junior, Hardee's, and other fast food chains. Unsurprisingly, Puzder has been a proponent of low-skilled immigration, although he has indicated his commitment to serve Trump's vision of greater control over the border. And in the prime position, ExxonMobile CEO Rex Tillerson is Trump's pick for secretary of state.
One potential problem is that Trump's Cabinet will find their duties running a giant public bureaucracy boring and unremunerative, leading to a higher than usual rate of turnover. It's not easy to change the culture at a corporate agency where executives can fire people by the thousands. It will be much harder at federal agencies.
On foreign policy, Trump has drawn especially from the ranks of the military. Retired Lt. General Michael Flynn will be national security advisor. John F. Kelly, a four-star Marine general, is to head homeland security. And another Marine Corps general, James Mattis, has been tapped to lead defense. This also isn't a surprise. Much of the foreign policy community publicly rejected Trump during the campaign. That probably suits Trump, who doesn't see the world order the way they do, as based on ideological affinity and the stability of long-term security arrangements. Instead, he sees it as transactional and potentially dangerous. Of course he would draw on men who know how to create some danger on our behalf.
The exile of the political class from the top jobs of the Trump administration may partly explain the emotional resonance of the Russian hacking story. In a great many of his appointments, Trump is effecting something like a coup. Official Washington looks up and simply doesn't recognize the new set of bosses.
Some fear that this new set of corporate and military personnel will likely turn the government into one big scheme to feather their own nests. It's a cute bit of self-flattery to imagine that Washington, D.C., is a place where self-interest is a newcomer.
Rate this post
Yes, it's that time of year of for predictions for what we might see in the next twelve months. Being in the IT business and in a company like IBM, I'm somewhat hamstrung in what I can say regarding the future because of confidentiality, but here's my attempt at some prognostications that won't be giving away anything secret.
These are my personal predictions and not those of IBM.
There will be a huge rush to fill the developing void being left by RIM and Blackberry, and smart enterprise CIOs will focus on security and management issues first. Although there seem to be 1 or 2 new entrants in the mobile device management area every week, potential customers will learn that it takes more than being able to call an API to wipe a device to give you enterprise credibility. The differences between mobile application management and mobile device management will become clear. Companies that develop multiple applications will understand that some will be webbed/HTML5 based, some will be native, and some will be hybrid. You don't need to support just one kind and your application platform vendors shouldn't force you to do so. CIOs will realize that the connection between mobile and cloud is overhyped. CIOs will realize that the connection between mobile and cloud is underhyped. That is, your use of cloud for mobile applications may not be in the way you expect today. Traditional networks that support web applications will need to be reconfigured and re-optimized to support an increasing amount of traffic from mobile devices. The number of interactions will dramatically increase, their length will be shorter, and significantly more asynchronous notifications from the server side will all drive a lot of R&D. While Android fans continue to claim world domination and Apple keeps selling more and more iPhones and iPads, look for Microsoft's relative marketshare to start inching up. WebOS is done, but look for a new smartphone/tablet operating system to arise by late 2012 that will start to challenge RIM and Microsoft for the number 3 and 4 market positions. Amazon will have a serious tablet in the market by mid-2012 that will start to get some enterprise interest. The connection between that and the Amazon cloud will become clearer. The device may not be running Android. Apple will make changes to iOS to make it easier to support both personal and enterprise secure personalities on the same device. Yes, I know you can do this on Android today, but we weren't talking about Android, were we?
Bonus: I will give up my Blackberry and get an Android smartphone for the first time (to complement my personal iPhone and iPad).
The family of Euromillions winner Dolores McNamara had about 40 houses listed for forfeiture by local authorities in the US city of Detroit, Michigan, for non-payment of property taxes, according to public records.
The McNamaras, including Dolores and five of her six adult children, are thought to have spent about $5 million (€4.7 million) on more than 100 homes in poorer parts of the city between 2012 and 2014.
Ms McNamara, from Limerick, won a €115 million Euromillions lottery jackpot in 2005.
The family is understood to have entered the risky Detroit property market by way of connections made through television personality and financial adviser Eddie Hobbs, who has acted as an adviser to Dolores McNamara.
They appear to have suffered heavy losses on their investment.
The majority of the 40 houses listed for forfeiture to Wayne County treasury authorities in the past year, records show, although a handful were seized over the previous two years.
Under Michigan law, the local authorities can forfeit a building from its owner if property taxes are not paid for three years.
The McNamaras appear to have since paid the taxes on the majority of the houses ahead of a February deadline for action, after which the process would have been accelerated.
In addition to the houses that were listed for forfeiture , a further tranche of about 50 are understood to have been sold to an investor from Florida, in a deal agreed in October.
A house on Prevost Street in Detroit – one of the properties bought by the family in Michigan.
While the McNamaras paid an average of about $50,000 for each house, US property records show that a large number were for sale recently at an average of $17,000 each.
Properties taken from other Detroit property investors who fell into arrears on taxes are expected to be sold over the coming months at foreclosure auctions, where investors often pick up abandoned homes for as little as $2,000 or $3,000.
Mr Hobbs does not advise clients on property investments, but he did introduce Ms McNamara to his former business partners at Brendan Investments, Hugh O'Neill and Vincent Regan.
Brendan Investments, which Mr Hobbs co-founded although he is no longer a director, has invested heavily in the Detroit market on behalf of its Irish investors. Mr Regan recently told a meeting of Brendan Investments shareholders that they are likely to lose 90 per cent of their cash.
David Sweeney, a Limerick-based solicitor for Ms McNamara, did not respond to a request for comment.
* This article was amended on July 6th, 2017
ATLANTA — Kenneth Tate toiled for years as a construction worker and corrections officer, and he has no doubt that his last job — working as a $42,000-a-year private security guard at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention — was the best he ever had.
The high point was an afternoon seven weeks ago when he was assigned to accompany President Obama, who was visiting the agency's headquarters here for a briefing on the Ebola epidemic. It was not only that Mr. Tate's bosses had entrusted him with staying close to such an important dignitary. It was that, as an African-American born in Chicago, he was going to meet the nation's first black president, a man he deeply admired.
But by the time Mr. Obama's visit was over, Mr. Tate was on the way to losing his job.
As Mr. Obama's motorcade was preparing to leave the C.D.C., Mr. Tate tried to take a picture on his cellphone as a memento. Angry Secret Service agents told him that he had gotten too close to the Beast, as the presidential limousine is known. When the agents relayed to Mr. Tate's bosses what had happened, they reacted angrily.
“This was unjust and has been a nightmare,” Mr. Tate, 47, said in an interview last week. “I've tried to rationalize it. It won't go away.”
With Blade Runner 2049 still in post-production, Denis Villeneuve has already set his sights on another classic sci-fi property. You may recall that just a few weeks ago, Legendary Entertainment scooped up the rights to Frank Herbert‘s Dune. You may also recall that a few months before that, Villeneuve confessed his longtime desire to make a Dune remake. Well, now it's all coming together nicely as Villeneuve has reportedly entered early talks to direct Dune for Legendary.
UPDATE: Brian Herbert, son of Dune author Frank Herbert, has now confirmed Villeneuve will direct the new Dune movie. See his announcement below.
It's official — Legendary Pictures has signed the very talented Denis Villeneuve to direct the exciting new DUNE series film project. — Brian Herbert (@DuneAuthor) February 1, 2017
Variety reported on the possible Denis Villeneuve Dune project. Keep in mind that Villeneuve is just starting negotiations — this is far from finalized. Legendary's recently closed deal with the Herbert estate gives them the rights to make films and TV shows based on Dune, but the company hasn't said how many big- and small-screen properties they plan to spin from the property. As of right now, Villeneuve is just looking to direct the first feature film to come out of Legendary's pact. Thomas Tull, Mary Parent, and Cale Boyter will produce and Brian Herbert, Byron Merritt, and Kim Herbert will serve as executive producers.
Villeneuve, whose Arrival is one of the best sci-fi movies of 2017 and whose Blade Runner 2049 is one of our most highly anticipated sci-fi movies of 2017, recently gushed about his affection for the genre in general and Dune in particular:
I had been wanting to do sci-fi for a very long time. 2001: A Space Odyssey is a movie that really impressed me as a teenager. And also Blade Runner. And Close Encounters of the Third Kind is also one of my favorites. I'm always looking for sci-fi material, and it's difficult to find original and strong material that's not just about weaponry. A longstanding dream of mine is to adapt “Dune,” but it's a long process to get the rights, and I don't think I will succeed. Also I would love to write something myself. I have two [sci-fi] projects right now that are in very [early] stages. It's too early to talk about them.
Herbert's Dune is set in the very distant future and tells the tale of Paul Atreides, whose family accepts the stewardship of Arrakis. This proves to be a highly coveted post but also a dangerous one, as the desert planet is the only source of an extremely valuable substance. As various factions battle for control, Herbert spins a tale of politics, religion, ecology, technology, and more. It is hard to overstate Dune‘s impact and influence since its publication in 1965. It's one of the best-selling sci-fi novels of all time, and has helped inspire countless other sci-fi works including Star Wars and The Matrix.
Dune was previously turned into a film in 1984 by David Lynch, which bombed hard. Non-fans complained that it was a confusing mess, while fans were annoyed it wasn't faithful enough to the source material, and all in all it made just $30.9 million at the box office. In more recent years, however, Lynch's Dune has attained cult favorite status. Before Lynch, Alejandro Jodorowsky mounted his own attempt to adapt Dune in the 1970s. His version of the movie never came together but his efforts were immortalized in the 2013 documentary Jodorowsky's Dune.
Good Day, Ready Nutrition Readers, and prepare yourselves for an herbal adventure: a chronicle of the wonders of Nepeta cataria, commonly known as Catnip. When you realize the full benefits of the use of this herb, you'll never want to go without it in your herbal medicine chest. You'll also want to consider its use on a regular basis. Without further ado, let's see what all of the cats are raving about!
Actually, that last sentence is only partially correct. The active constituent in Catnip that causes cats to “go goofy” is a ten-carbon compound known as nepetalactone. The thing is that the compound doesn't affect 25% of cats exposed to it. But the other 75%? Well, that is another story, as undoubtedly you have witnessed for yourself. But how does nepetalactone work? And what is its practical use? We will explain.
Nepetalactone has a weak or mild effect on humans, which is a good reason to use it due to an overdose being almost nonexistent.
Medicinal Uses for Catnip
Catnip is a wonderful herb to have in the herbal medical cabinet. Here are some of it's most useful medicinal uses:
It has sedative effects
Is a febrifuge (anti fever)
(anti fever) Has antibacterial effects.
effects. The compound can also be used to repel common insect pests such as mosquitoes and cockroaches. When nepetalactone is distilled, it is more effective than DEET than repelling mosquitoes As a matter of fact, it is up to 10 times more effective in accordance with laboratory experiments conducted by isolating the compound via steam distillation.
such as mosquitoes and cockroaches. When nepetalactone is distilled, it is more effective than DEET than repelling mosquitoes As a matter of fact, it is up to 10 times more effective in accordance with laboratory experiments conducted by isolating the compound via steam distillation. Catnip (also known as catmint) is nervine in its actions, and in herbalism this translates to a substance that works on the nervous system. One of the excellent actions this can be used in is for people suffering from insomnia or restlessness during their sleep.
How to Use Catnip
The catnip can be taken as a tea to help relax the individual and enable much-needed rest. It has no side effects and is not contraindicated in any patients except for pregnant women and nursing mothers. Regarding this nervine perennial, the aerial parts being the ones harvested for medicinal use. The flowers are the best parts used in tea form. Take kitty in the other room and then steep your whole herb or tea bag. The daily dosage is 3 cups per day. Catnip is also available in capsule and tincture form at your local health food store as well as some of your grocery stores and big box stores in the herbal foods sections. Follow the directions of the manufacturer on the container.
Such may be something to bring you relief, as it is estimated that 15 – 17% of the entire U.S. population suffers from chronic (long-term) insomnia. The plant itself is also very easy to grow, the main consideration here being that you don't want to overwater it. Depending upon your geographic locale, you can plant between late March and early April, and it will take 7-10 days to sprout. It doesn't require a lot of maintenance and you can harvest the plants in a couple of months.
Drying Catnip
You can dry the herb and use it as a tea in the recommended dosage (3 cups per day) at a 2-gram amount (about a level tablespoon). Use a tea ball or a strainer and after boiling your water, immerse the tea ball with the catnip in it for about 10 minutes. A word of advice: when making any tisane (that's an herbal tea), you should bring your water to a boil, and then take it off the burner, allowing it to cool down for 1 minute before pouring it over/adding your herb. This will keep the temperature low enough that you're not killing off your active ingredients that are beneficial to you by boiling them.
Making a Catnip Tincture
If you wish to tincture it, you can take a 51% alcohol solution with Grain Alcohol and spring or distilled water. Chop up your catnip and place it in a jar with a tightly fitting screw lid. Then cover your herb completely with the alcohol solution and shake it vigorously about 100 times. Do this 2 times per day for two weeks, and keep the jar in a cool dark place. When the two weeks have elapsed, you can strain off your solid portion of the herb (called the menstrum) and save your solution (your tincture!) in a brown or blue-glass bottle, preferably equipped with an eyedropper to dose conveniently. The ratio gives you 325 mg/ml.
The resulting tincture you can take in juice or water, depending on your preference. 1-2 dosages daily or 1 dose 30 minutes prior to bedtime can allow you to gain the maximum advantage from the herb's effects. For more reading on the subject, you may consult the following reference materials:
So remember, readers, you can find a very cost-effective little gem for your herbal supplies in the form of catnip. To paraphrase Anita Bryant:
“Catnip….it's not just for cats anymore!” Have a great day and enjoy a glass of Catnip tea when you can!
JJ
Disclaimer:
Prior to taking any actions or using any of the information in this article, consult with your happy family doctor for permission and to enable the good doctor to find any possible contraindications or interactions with any current medications you are taking under prescription. The information presented in this article is for informational purposes only and does not prescribe, diagnose, treat, or recommend any action as detailed in the article
An epic showdown is shaping up: Goliath vs. Goliath. Tech giants vs. the intelligence community. Or at least that's one way of looking at joint efforts this week by Silicon Valley leviathans, including Google, Yahoo and Facebook, calling for an end to mass NSA surveillance programs. While agreeing that efforts to rein in the NSA's unbounded data collection are necessary, I'd suggest that even robust reforms to NSA practices would not dismantle the surveillance state. Furthermore, shifting national security practices away from a model of preemptive, dragnet surveillance is not just a practical challenge -- it's an ideological battle.
Eight major tech firms (with a combined value of $1.4 trillion) penned an open letter Monday disavowing the NSA's dragnet spy programs and demanding greater transparency. "This is a major game-changer,” Leslie Harris, president of the Center for Democracy and Technology, an advocacy group, told the Guardian.
Advertisement:
And indeed, the united and powerfully backed push for government surveillance reforms is a "game-changer." But, and this is crucial, what game are we talking about changing? At the crux of the tech giants' demands is an end to dragnet surveillance -- the sort of programs, like PRISM, that collect communications metadata and data without a pinpointed target, to enable the possibility of "connecting the dots" once vast swaths of data have been hoarded. Such programs, as has been noted here and elsewhere, treat every ordinary citizen as a de facto possible threat, always already surveilled. It would take nothing short of a profound ideological shift in the intelligence community to end the predilection for mass surveillance. The sort of preemptive policing theory that undergirds dragnet data collection is definitive of post-9/11 national security.
As the CIA's chief technical officer, Gus Hunt, said in a speech earlier this year “The value of any piece of information is only known when you can connect it with something else that arrives at a future point in time … Since you can't connect dots you don't have, it drives us into a mode of, we fundamentally try to collect everything and hang on to it forever.” This, as Snowden's leaks continue to show, is NSA logic: a prefigurative and preemptive attitude to an ill-defined idea of imminent threat. It's the deep logic of U.S. policing at home and abroad. I have drawn the comparison before between the government's mass surveillance programs, the CIA's approach to drone strikes (particularly signature strikes and "disposition matrices") and the way policing programs like stop-and-frisk operate. They all rely on treating groups, networks and individuals preemptively as threats, watching, searching and killing on flimsy or entirely empty grounds for suspicion.
It's a tall order, indeed, for piecemeal reforms of surveillance programs to entirely shift a state logic of hoarding and "connecting the dots." I'm not suggesting that there's nothing important or fruitful in demanding transparency about these sorts of government operations, or fighting to curtail mass surveillance. I'm simply suggesting that we need to take account of the scope of the problem -- we're talking about the very operation of the national security state.
The powerful cohort of tech firms demanding NSA reforms are the very companies that uphold and enable the surveillance state, the very firms (as Snowden's leaks revealed) that helped spy agencies weaken standard encryption standards, structurally weakening the Internet and enabling government surveillance. Tech giants like Google and Yahoo, as I've pointed out, rely on collecting and holding untold swaths of private communications data. Yes, we agree to give over our private information and personal communications in using these companies' products. But choice is a funny issue here, in a world where using devices to communicate, work and operate in society requires us to tacitly accept tracking devices without necessarily first seeing them as such. Our smartphones, email and social media accounts render us always already primed as surveillable subjects. We're spying on ourselves.
We can be somewhat reassured that the major tech firms are making efforts to reassure their customers that they want to keep our data safe from state surveillance. But for years we've signed up for corporate surveillance without really thinking about it, just by virtue of living on the Internet without caution. And the reform demands of the Silicon Valley giants must be taken with a fistful of salt. Snowden's leaks shed light on the fact that these companies have long cooperated with government mass surveillance programs (sometimes openly, sometimes less so). The NSA revelations have fostered growing distrust in the privacy protections offered by platforms like Google and Facebook, so it's in these companies' shared corporate interest to make a song and dance about their concern for user privacy -- lest their bottom lines are put at risk through consumer distrust. After all, before outrage blossomed over NSA surveillance, it was Google CEO Eric Schmidt who in 2009 said, “If you have something that you don't want anyone to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place.”
A state of surveillance is one wherein our actions, locations, interpersonal networks and communications are trackable and tracked. The intelligence community has been upholding a surveillance state largely without our knowing; tech giants have been operating on and building a surveillance state with our tacit consent. The curtailing of NSA mass surveillance through reforms and greater transparency will not dismantle the general state of surveillance in which we live -- perhaps, though, it will create a state of surveillance (corporate surveillance) that people are willing to accept in order to live online and communicate easily. But to be sure, that is no promise of personal privacy. And furthermore, the national security modus operandi of preemptive and prefigurative targeting and policing will not end with the reform of some NSA programs.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bouncer has been shot in a drive by shooting outside a Newcastle nightclub.
A black-clack motorcycle rider was seen pulling up outside the city's Tup Tup Palace before opening fire at around 10.45pm last night.
It is thought the 24-year-old doorman was hit in the arm, and was seen walking with his black jacket over the wound and a blood soaked white shirt hanging from the waistband of his trousers, to an ambulance.
The area surrounding Tup Tup Palace, on St Nicholas' Street in Newcastle city centre , was cordoned off by police investigators.
Eyewitness Graham Newton, 27, of Bensham, Gateshead, was out for a late night bike ride with a friend when he saw what happened.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
He told the Chronicle : “My mate had gone into Subway to grab a coffee and I was waiting with my bike outside St Nicholas Cathedral, pretty much directly opposite the club.
“I saw a black motorbike pull up outside the coffee shop next door, La Maschera; right by where the kerb comes in for the parking spaces.
“It was a big bike, black all over and with what looked like a body kit on it so that you could not see its marking. But I could see it was a powerful sports bike; a Ducati or something like that.
“The rider was dressed all in black too - black helmet, visor, leather jacket, motorbike boots and blue jeans.
(Image: Sunday Sun)
“It looked quite suspicious because he put his foot down and looked around; he stared right at me for a second.
“Then he started pushing at the handlebars of the bike as if it had stalled and he was trying to get it to start.
“I thought he had stalled.
“There was about 50 people queued up outside the club.
“The bike moved slowly towards Tup Tup and he was just past the kerb when there was a massive bang.
(Image: Sunday Sun)
“I knew it was a gunshot. I used to go shooting with my family and it sounded to me not like a shotgun, but like a big handgun.
“I was on the mobile to my girlfriend and she said ‘What the Hell was that'?
“I thought for a second it was the motorbike backfiring.
“The people outside Tup Tup did not react. but some girls in party dresses stood next to me started to scream.”
Northumbria Police are appealing for information.
A spokesman said: “The incident happened at 10.30pm yesterday evening (Sunday, June 7) outside Tup Tup Palace in Saint Nicholas Street. Police attended after a report that a member of door staff at the premises had been injured.
“It has been established a firearm was discharged by a person travelling on a motorbike which then made off. The man, aged 24, has been taken to hospital for treatment. The extent of his injuries are not known at this stage.
(Image: Newcastle Chronicle)
“A cordon is in place and Saint Nicholas Street is closed to allow the incident to be dealt with.
“Extra officers are in the area to offer reassurance and keep disruption to a minimum.
“Enquiries are being carried out to trace the motorbike.”
Superintendent Chris Sharman said: “We know incidents like this cause concern and I would like to reassure the public that we are doing everything we can to trace the person responsible for this incident.
“Extra officers are in the city centre to help keep disruption to a minimum and offer reassurance to those who are in the city centre.
“If anyone has any information about this incident we would urge them to come forward and speak to us.”
Anyone with information should contact Northumbria Police on 101 ext 69191 quoting reference 1410 060615 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111
MADISON, Wis. – Is the University of Wisconsin-Madison running the risk of having minority students viewed as being coddled and overprotected from “seemingly minor or unintentional” slights?
Is it creating an environment where the slightest statement or action could provoke a finger-pointing witch hunt for students who are accused of insensitivity?
Is it encouraging minority students to become hyper-sensitive to the point where people of different skin colors are afraid to associate openly and freely, without having their speech constantly monitored for words that might upset someone?
The university has announced that it will require about 1,000 incoming students to participate in “cultural competency training” this fall, at a cost ranging between $150,000 and $200,000, according to the Wisconsin State Journal.
The announcement follows a semester of student protests over “racially charged incidents at UW-Madison that officials say may have been driven by ignorance rather than malice,” according to the Wisconsin State Journal.
The training will address “topics such as identity, culture and micro-aggressions,” the newspaper reported.
The State Journal defines the term “microsaggressions” as “seemingly minor or unintentional slights that contribute to a hostile atmosphere for people of color.”
While the training may be limited to about 1,000 students this fall, it will be mandatory for all incoming students by next year, the State Journal reported. The report did not say how much the expanded program might cost in the future.
The university is also reviewing more than 100 suggestions from various people for improving the racial climate on campus, the news story said.
One of the more publicized suggestions is to install a so-called “Stall Seat Journal” on the backs of doors in toilet stalls in campus restrooms, and above urinals. The written message would address racial and cultural diversity on campus, and the perceived need for more sensitivity when it comes to those issues.
It is all parents dream to see his or her child on a graduation march. Likewise, it is also a dream come true for children to see how proud their parents are when they do.
This would have been impossible for a graduating son and his ailing father, if not for the kind-heart of the people around them.
Cameron Brown, 18 years old, was set to graduate high school, but was worried that his terminally ill father would no longer make it to the ceremony. His father Brian Brown was diagnosed with nonalcoholic cirrhosis of the liver in 2011. To make matters worse, he fell off a ladder while helping a neighbor after a storm two years later which left him paralyzed. Doctors told them that Brian did not have long to live.
Kim Page, the principal of West Stanly High School, and her colleagues put together a mock ceremony so Brian could see his son graduate early. Unknown to the family, the school staff put together a graduation program in less than 24 hours.
A lot of people attended the program in the school auditorium, and witnessed Cameron got called on stage to receive his diploma.
Watch the video of the Graduation ceremony
According to his mom Wendy Brown, it was wonderful seeing how proud Brian was and added that the two were very close.
Cameron Brown told ABC News, “Over the years me and my dad have grown to be very, very close — pretty much best friends.”
A few days after the graduation ceremony, Brian Brown passed away, but not without the joy of seeing his son graduate.
At the New York State Department of Conservation's fyke net in Richmond Creek on Staten Island, nightly glass eel catch totals have tapered off. Further north, in the Bronx River, the annual migration of tiny, translucent baby eels will continue for another couple of weeks. And, in Maine, one of only two states to allow a commercial catch, a few hundred licensed elver fishermen are currently sleeping in their cars, some with guns, in order to defend their nets against poachers, while banks are running low on bills as dealers pay up to $2,000 in cash per pound for their harvest.
IMAGE: Elver migration, photograph by Andrew Fahlund. Glass eels metamorphose into elvers, becoming slightly rounder and darker, once they reach the coast.
This annual eel run is “probably the most miraculous example of migratory evolution on the planet,” according to Chris Bowser, the science education specialist charged with recruiting and running the D.E.C.'s American Eel Research Project. All the way along the East Coast, from South Carolina to Maine, writhing ribbons of these two- to three-inch-long transparent worm-like fish are finding their way into estuaries and up to the freshwater rivers they will call home for up to twenty years. They have made their way to the coast from spawning grounds in the Sargasso Sea (the world's only sea without a land boundary), just east of Bermuda, in a migratory pattern that is still a scientific mystery.
IMAGE: Glass eels, via.
Eels migrate in precisely the opposite direction to other homing fish species. In other words, while a salmon or shad spends most of its adult life in the sea, returning to the river it was born in to spawn, the American eel is born at sea, floats to the shore on prevailing currents, and chooses its river home seemingly at random, before heading back to its original spawning ground to reproduce and die.
To add to their mystery, most aspects of the eel lifecycle are still unknown to science. As James Prosek, author of Eels: An Exploration, From New Zealand to the Sargasso, of the World's Most Mysterious Fish, and the director of a new documentary, The Mystery of Eels (which you can watch in full online), explains, no one knows what prompts them to move into freshwater, no one knows how they distribute themselves throughout their range, no one knows what determines their adult gender (although density is correlated to masculinity), and no one has ever witnessed the holy grail of eel research: an adult eel spawning.
Katsumi Tsukamoto, a Japanese scientist featured in Prosek's film, speculates that the adult aggregate into a large ball and spawn simultaneously, in a sort of eel orgy, but this is pure conjecture — after a lifetime's research, he has come tantalisingly close, netting fresh eel eggs (which only last 36 hours), but has now had to retire. Chris Bowser added a similar, historical anecdote of eel frustration: apparently, one of Sigmund Freud's earliest research projects, long before writing The Interpretation of Dreams, was an inconclusive attempt to find the European eel's gonads.
IMAGE: Pier 15, designed by SHoP architects, and photographed (in low-light with an iPhone, sorry) by me.
Prosek and Bowser (present in, he was keen to stress, an entirely unofficial capacity) had come together to share their enthusiasm for the enigmatic eel at a Sunday-evening meeting of artist Natalie Jeremijenko's Cross-Species Adventure Club. We met in the future maritime education center building on Pier 15 in Manhattan, a city-funded effort to re-connect New Yorkers to the waters that surround their urban archipelago. Jeremijenko's own agenda seems, on the surface, similar, but is actually much more radical: the Cross-Species Adventure Club is actually a series of design interaction experiments, intended to transform human relationships with the urban ecosystem into a form of cultivation rather than extraction or damage, or even just straightforward preservation.
“As an environmental mantra, ‘leave no trace,'” Jeremijenko told the assembled Adventurers, “is a bit pathetic. It assumes that we can extract ourselves from our ecosystem — and that we are only capable of negative impact. Can't we interact with our environment in a way that has a positive effect?”
IMAGE: Cross-Species Adventure Club lures; photograph via Natalie Jeremijenko.
Earlier Cross-Species Adventure Club projects demonstrate ways to put this philosophy into action. For example, Jeremijenko has designed a lure made of gin & tonic-flavoured gellan mixed with chelating agents that remove heavy metals from bio-availability, with the idea that, rather than throwing Doritos and bread at fish in ponds, snacking humans could satisfy their urge to feed fish while also engaging in cumulative acts of environment remediation — and, perhaps most importantly, re-thinking their own place in the urban ecosystem.
This particular Cross-Species Adventure, however, was much less tightly resolved. It began with Chris Bowser describing his fantastic citizen science project, which has been recording baby American eel numbers during the Hudson spring migration since 2008. Volunteers count and weigh each night's catch at sites along the length of the river, and then release the eels, in some cases further upstream, past any dams or diversions that might have blocked their journey. Although eels are not yet listed as endangered, access to eighty-four percent of the freshwater tributaries on the Atlantic seaboard — the adult eels' potential homes — has been restricted or cut off altogether.
IMAGE: Images from a report by Chris Bowser's Hudson River Eel Project (pdf), showing a fyke net, students holding up a bag of elvers and glass eels, and students re-setting the net.
A screening of Prosek's film then filled in some context on eel science, as well as human/eel relationships around the world (in addition to American eels, there are a number of other species of freshwater eel, or Anguillidae), from eel-worshiping Pacific Islanders to Tokyo eel slaughterhouses capable of cleaning, skewering, and grilling more than 4,000 eels per day.
Indeed, it is the Japanese hunger for eels (they consume more than 130,000 tons each year), combined with the increasing scarcity of their native eel and an E.U. ban on elver export, that has pushed Maine glass eel prices so high. Dealers sell the baby eels to Japanese fish farms, who have worked out how to raise them in captivity to precisely two times the size of a standard bento box, but not how to reproduce them economically, making them dependent on wild-caught seed stock.
IMAGE: Inside a Tokyo eel slaughterhouse. Photograph by David Doubilet for National Geographic.
Educated and fascinated, we were each then given an eel cocktail — or rather, a glass full of glass eels, with a salt water mixer — and asked to consider the question of what a productive human interaction with an eel could be.
IMAGE: With glass eels working out at about $1 each at today's prices, this was not a cheap cocktail, despite being alcohol free. Photograph by Nicola Twilley.
Jeremijenko had bought half a pound of baby eels from a Maine dealer, diverting them from their sushi fate, and then driven them down to New York City with the intention of offering us the opportunity to release them into the East River.
Bowser was not aware of this plan, and quickly pointed out that not only is it actually illegal to stock fish without a permit, it is also a bad idea: we have no idea what factors made the eels chose Maine, rather than New York, in the first place, and we also don't know whether they might be carrying any diseases (eel conservationists are increasingly concerned about a swim-bladder parasite that is present in aquaculture operations and has now appeared in the wild).
IMAGE: As part of our eel bonding experience, we were asked to name an eel. This was my attempt. Photograph by Nicola Twilley.
“If you ask me, we should put them in a frying pan with some olive oil and garlic for just a second or two,” Bowser said, describing the taste as “like al dente pasta.” No one seemed to be in a hurry to take him up on this advice, and, instead, for the next hour, we held the eels in our hands (they move constantly, in a way that is ticklish rather than slimy), watched their hearts pump and gills flap inside their translucent bodies, marvelled as they propelled themselves up the sides of the glass, and discussed the various roles of eels and humans in the aquatic food chain.
We learned that baby eels are an important food source for all kinds of other fish, that eels are inveterate cannibals, and that they eat anything that's too large to inhale using a drilling technique that involves sinking their teeth into the meat and then rotating up to fifteen times per second, until a smaller chunk breaks off. As we became increasingly attached to our tiny eels with their black button eyes, Bowser noted that he wouldn't recommend keeping an eel as a pet, because “they're famous escape artists. One day you'll come home to an empty aquarium and a dead stinky eel hidden somewhere in your apartment.”
IMAGE: A glass eel on a Cross-Species Adventure Club attendee's hand. Photograph by Nicola Twilley.
IMAGE: Natalie Jeremijenko's glass eel aquarium. Photograph by Nicola Twilley.
Gradually, we “released” our seven or eight eels into the larger aquarium, and went home, newly enchanted by eels and newly frustrated by our inability to imagine a productive interaction with them. Perhaps that was, in itself, the most productive interaction possible.
The Guardian is reporting new details about Donald Trump's connections with Russia, including a source noting "concrete and corroborative evidence of collusion" between them.
The Guardian reports that the ongoing investigation into Donald Trump's campaign and potential cooperation with Russian attempts to influence the election has uncovered more evidence of wrongdoing.
The British paper quotes a source saying, “They now have specific concrete and corroborative evidence of collusion.” The source added, “This is between people in the Trump campaign and agents of [Russian] influence relating to the use of hacked material.”
Trump's campaign is currently being investigated by the FBI and committees in the House and Senate.
Richard Dearlove, the former head of the British Secret Intelligence Service, recently told an interviewer that Trump owes money to Russia, and that has put him in a compromised position that “lingers” over his presidency.
GCHQ, the British intelligence agency that is the equivalent of America's NSA, reportedly became aware of suspicious “interactions” between Trump confidantes and known or suspected Russian agents, according to the paper's reporting, and passed that information on to the United States. One source speaking to the Guardian referred to GCHQ's role in the plot as “principal whistleblower.”
Other European nations became aware of related information, and passed that on as well, including Germany, Estonia and Poland. Australia also sent along intelligence on Trump-Russia contacts.
According to the Guardian's source, the message the agencies were communicating to America was: “There are contacts going on between people close to Mr. Trump and people we believe are Russian intelligence agents. You should be wary of this.”
As part of the Trump administration's ongoing disinformation campaign to detract from Russia revelations, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer recently tried to implicate GCHQ in Trump's made-up and thoroughly debunked story that President Obama wiretapped Trump Tower.
GCHQ's spokesperson slammed Spicer's rumormongering — a story he sourced to Fox News — as “utterly ridiculous” and something that “should be ignored.”
Revelations about Trump and Russia continue to mount, and none of them have put him in an improved light. Trump's attempts to change the subject and move focus, either through spin, military action, or petty whining about President Obama and his administration bluster are not working. He is being exposed.
A Hyattsville woman working as a postal service mail processor was indicted in federal court on Friday on charges she stole mail addressed to charities and containing checks worth $9,000.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the District said Lisa M. Hunter, 40, faces up to five years in prison if convicted of theft of mail by a government employee after she was indicted by a grand jury in U.S. District Court for the District on that charge and two counts of first-degree theft.
Authorities said that on June 2 at about 10:40 a.m., a Postal Service police officer saw Ms. Hunter pushing a mail cart through a turnstile at the employee exit of the Brentwood postal facility in Northeast Washington.
When questioned, she claimed that she had been authorized by a supervisor to remove the mail from the facility. But the man she said gave her permission told investigators he was not her supervisor and that he did not authorize her to take the mail.
Prosecutors said the mail was addressed to two charities and contained more than $9,000 worth of donations in the form of cash and checks. The charities included World Villages for Children, which provides food, care and education for needy children throughout the world, and Help Hospitalized Veterans, which distributes therapeutic arts and crafts to patients at Department of Veterans Affairs centers and encourages volunteers and pen-pal relationships with hospitalized veterans.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Diamond Offshore Confirms No Hydrocarbon Leaks from Rig
Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
Diamond Offshore confirmed that there have been no leaks of hydrocarbons from the semisubmersible drilling rig Ocean Saratoga. The rig is under contract to Taylor Energy Company and engaged in the process of plugging and abandoning wells damaged when a Taylor Energy production platform was toppled during Hurricane Ivan in 2004.
As previously announced by Taylor Energy, Taylor is continuing its ongoing well intervention program, using the Diamond Ocean Saratoga, with full approval from Unified Command. The well intervention program at Mississippi Canyon Block 20 is the result of the destruction of a production platform caused by a mudslide triggered by Hurricane Ivan. The platform was toppled by a subsurface mud slide triggered by storm surges with 100 foot waves.
As reported by Taylor Energy, the wells were covered by more than 100 feet of mud and sediment and only four wells were capable of production without pressure assistance. The associated surface sheen was minimal and never made landfall. As a result of deploying three subsurface containment domes and performing six successful well interventions, the initial average observed sheen volume of nine gallons per day has been substantially reduced.
Unidentified aircraft took photos this weekend that incorrectly reported an oil leak coming from the drilling rig Ocean Saratoga. At the time of these photos, Taylor Energy was actually conducting marine operations on site with a 180 foot dynamically positioned workboat for regularly scheduled subsea containment system drainage. The tanks mistakenly characterized as containing dispersants on the boat's deck, were actually tanks to store and transport the collected oil as it was pumped from the underwater storage system.
"The effort is continuing as directed by the Unified Command," said Will Pecue, President of Taylor Energy. "We have been working consistently and successfully with MMS and the U.S. Coast Guard to address the resulting environmental impacts of one of the ten most intense hurricanes ever recorded by the National Weather Service."
Tweet Emails: Separate multiple email addresses with semi-colon Your Email: Send email to me as well Subject: Comments: 200-character limit.
RELATED COMPANIES
A collection of philosophical and critical essays on the television series True Detective. "Traditionally, the detective genre deals with the problem of epistemology – how to know something that one doesn't know. There are some things we cannot know, and some things we should not know. Sometimes clues just give way to more clues, and epistemic tedium rules the day. These essays reveal knowledge becoming an enigma to itself, revealing the brilliant futility of the epistemological project." – Eugene Thacker, author of In The Dust of This Planet "The television event of the year - I would say many years - is without doubt True Detective. One deserving of forensic, unflinching, and unrelenting philosophical treatment." – Simon Critchley "The most intelligent series in TV history has opened strange crypts for explorers. This excellent essay collection reveals just how far the dark tunnels lead. Let it coax you from the comforts of death and fear, into detection of the guttering nightmare that is life, coldly seen." – Nick Land CONTENTS I. Black Stars Gary J. Shipley – Monster at the End: Pessimism's Locked Rooms and Impossible Crimes Edia Connole – Contemplating the Crucifixion: Cohle and Divine Gloom Nicola Masciandaro – I Am Not Supposed To Be Here: Birth and Mystical Detection II. Separate From Itself Fintan Neylan – The Labour of the Pessimist: Detecting Expiration's Artifice Paul J. Ennis – The Atmospherics of Consciousness Ben Woodard – Nothing Grows in the Right Direction: Scaling the Life of the Negative III. There Was A Videotape Niall McCann – True Detective, Jean-Luc Godard and Our Image Culture: ‘This May Well be Heaven, this Hell Smells the Same' Daniel Fitzpatrick – ‘True Dick' . . . The Accelerated Acceptance and Premature Canonisation of True Detective IV. It's Just One Story Scott Wilson – The Nonsense of Detection: Truth Between Science and the Real Erin K. Stapleton – The Corpse is the Territory: The Body of Dora Kelly Lange in True Detective Caoimhe Doyle & Katherine Foyle – The Flat Devil Net: Mapping Quantum Narratives in True Detective Daniel Colucciello Barber – Affect Has No Story V. And Closure–No, No, No Dominic Fox – koyntly bigyled Charlie Blake, Daniel Colucciello Barber, Edia Connole, Paul J. Ennis, Gary J. Shipley – Bird Trap Edge to Edge Caoimhe Doyle & Katherine Foyle – The Chole Story
Contents
---------------------------------------------------------------[Tutorial Video with ENGLISH SUBTITLES]---------------------------------------------------------------Your favorite friends are playing 'house'! Animal Kingdom Style!A Kemon* Friends Fighting Game!To be ready for the possibility of another giant Ceruleans advent,the professors propose that the friends hone their hunting abilities...An easy to control fighting game recommended even for less skilled friends!With the single press of a button, special flashy primal abilities are released!At the same time, the game system has been balanced such that even highly skilledfighting game masters can enjoy heated and passionate battles with one another!Simple Controls ExplanationA: Consecutively Press for Combination AttackB: Knock Back Attack, Select the direction with the arrow keys.C: Skill. Use the arrows keys for different kinds (Uses Skill Gauge)D: Primal Release. (uses Kemono Gauge)E: Not UsedF: Displays Fighting MovesCounter: Press the opposite direction to your opponent with the arrow keys* Please confirm system compatibility via the trial version.--------------------Japanese Language--------------------* Possible to play online with third party tools.Check out the details via the wiki links below.How to play vs online:* Online Multiplayer Battles! Refer here for more information:Rough English Language Instructions (for StudioS games):Server Info:If the game does not operate on Windows Vista, 7, 8, 10then follow the troubleshooting steps located here:Right Click Language Bar > Settings > Add Services> Add "Microsoft IME" under Japanese Language.Then change your default language setting to "Microsoft IME"In the case of Windows 8.1 / 10, you must enable DirectPlay.Control Panel > Programs and Features > Turn windows features on or off> Legacy Components > DirectPlay Checkbox. Click OK to save and return.FURRY FRIENDS FIGHT! wiki(Perhaps you can help the creator make English versions of the pages?)---------------------------------------------------------
Eight-year-old Erika Andalon recently started treatment for six cavities at an AltaMed dental clinic in eastern Los Angeles near her home. She hadn't been to a dentist for more than a year. Yet her younger sister, Elaine, has visited the dentist regularly since she was six months old.
The difference? Access to coverage.
Erika was brought to the U.S. from Jalisco, Mexico, five years ago. Elaine, on the other hand, was born in California, which makes her a U.S. citizen. Because of her citizenship status, and because of her family's low income, she always has received full benefits under Medi-Cal, the state's version of Medicaid.
Since May 1, a new law (SB 75) has given Erika and other children living in the United States without legal immigration papers full access to Medi-Cal benefits, including dental services.
Use Our Content This story can be republished for free ( details ).
Now Erika gets the same benefits as her little sister — including dental care.
“It's been a huge relief,” Erika's mother, also named Erika, said Wednesday. “Elaine goes to the dentist twice a year, now we can do the same with [Erika].”
Young Erika is one of almost 138,000 undocumented children in California who have gained Medi-Cal coverage under the so-called “Health for All Kids” law, which provides health care for all California children regardless of their immigration status.
Dental coverage under the state's Denti-Cal program is included in the expanded benefits, and there is widespread hope that it will improve pediatric oral care in California. But delivering on that promise could be a stiff challenge for a program in which more than half of children who were covered before the law took effect had not seen a dentist in the previous year.
The lack of access has created an “epidemic of tooth disease in which toddlers by the thousands have mouthfuls of cavities,” according to a searing report by the Little Hoover Commission, an independent oversight agency, released earlier this year. A big reason for Denti-Cal's dysfunction, the report said, are low reimbursement rates that have “thoroughly alienated the dental profession.”
The head of Denti-Cal, Alani Jackson, told California Healthline earlier this year that newly enrolled children should have no problem getting an appointment with a dentist.
But dental professionals said this week that it is still too early to tell how the program will stand up to the new stress of the additional beneficiaries.
Before the new law took effect four months ago, immigrant children qualified only for “emergency” Medi-Cal, which gave them coverage for emergency room care. Some qualified for county-level health programs that did not tap Medi-Cal funding.
Erika Andalon's mom relied heavily on free dental exams offered at school to get baseline dental care for her older daughter.
“But we had no idea” about the six cavities, she said. “It wasn't until she got a proper exam with dental X-rays that we learned about the problem.”
As more children enroll in Medi-Cal and Denti-Cal as a result of the new law, dental offices and clinics are beginning to see more young patients like Erika.
Dr. Rosa Arzu, the dental director at AltaMed, a network of clinics in Los Angeles and Orange counties, said the 24-clinic group has extended hours for patients, including opening on Saturdays.
While the clinics are not tracking the number of new immigrant children needing care, Arzu said the dentists at AltaMed have noted that previously uninsured kids who had not visited in years are now in need of more intensive care.
AltaMed dentists already had seen many of the children before they qualified for Medi-Cal, because of the clinics' “sliding fee” — a payment option in which the cost of services depends on the family's income.
“But even though this payment was low, many families were struggling, so they delayed treatment,” Arzu said. Some patients still don't realize that dental services are included in their newly insured children's benefits, she said.
While all eyes are on the new law, it might be too early to gauge its impact, said Dr. Roseann Mulligan, associate dean of Community Health Programs and Hospital Affairs at the University of Southern California's dental school.
There are still a few “wrinkles,” and newly enrolled families are still figuring out the system, Mulligan said.
As members of the USC dental school's Children's Health and Maintenance Program (CHAMP), Mulligan and other staff visit Head Start child care centers and WIC nutrition offices, where they provide screenings and refer families to nearby dentists.
At those locations, CHAMP staff members have met families who are not aware they are enrolled in an HMO dental plan and therefore can only see certain dentists. If they want a specific dentist, or more options, they must enroll in a fee-for-service plan, and that can take more time, Mulligan explained.
Another 64,500 immigrant children are expected to sign up for full Medi-Cal and Denti-Cal benefits within the next year.
This story was produced by Kaiser Health News, which publishes California Healthline, a service of the California Health Care Foundation.
In keeping with my role as Soothsayer, warning of the Ides of February, today I consider what role Jason Kenney may play in the eventual assassination of Stephen Harper's political career.
Kenney has long been viewed as Harper's right-hand man — a longtime Reformer with solid conservative bona fides and an eerie ability to chorale traditional-suspicious cultural communities into the Tory fold — and has been promoted and advanced as the face of Harper's government for much of the Conservatives' mandate.
That sort of loyalty-buying doesn't come cheap. Kenney, long-touted as a possible leadership contender in a post-Harper era, has become second-only to Finance Minister Jim Flaherty in cabinet. After building up an ethno-cultural fortress around the GTA previously thought to be impossible, Kenney was shuffled into the quixotic new portfolio of Employment, Social Development and Multiculturalism.
Whereas, at one time, Labour or Finance might be considered the department responsible for job creation, that gig now goes to Kenney — a clear carving-out of responsibilities to feed the power-hungry, and young, Calgarian, seemingly at the expense of old-guard Flaherty.
Elevating the ambitious to roles of power is always a risky proposition — the ruins of Chretien and Clark lay testament — yet Kenney has thus far shown remarkable restraint.
The social conservative of deep conviction could no doubt command considerable support from the ornery backbenches of ex-Reformers upset with the muzzles slapped on by Harper. In fact, it seems almost a sure bet that those neglected representatives from the Upright Citizens Brigade are sitting on their hands while they anticipate a change of guard in the PM's chair.
And it's open secret that Kenney is amassing the troops. Rumours of him securing donations for a future leadership bid are rife and not hard to come by. Coupling his behind-the-scenes donation shakedown is a public tempering of his traditionally-held beliefs, which some may consider extremist in our current climate, to make himself palatable to Louis and Philippe, the Quebecois married couple down the street.
So Kenney carries the big stick, and is walking softly. It should be clear to just about any astute Hill-watcher that Harper's management of the chaos unfolding has been less-than-perfect (read: awful.) Why, then, has Kenney kept fiddling while Rome burns? (Apologies Mrs. Beaton, my High School history teacher.)
The easy answer is that he's loyal, and has sheathed his sword until such a time that the Prime Minister considers himself done with the job. But, as Paul Martin can tell you, chomping at the bit eventually gives you a sore jaw.
The second answer is that he's unsure if unseating the boss will endear him to the caucus that he needs to win over. After all, Kenney is going to have a hell of a time winning over the peasants anyway, without being known as the kingslayer.
The third is more salacious: that Kenney is readying for the palace coup. Kenney, like Shakespeare's Brutus (yes, I made a Brutus reference yesterday, cut me some slack) he has heard the whisperings in his ear, telling that he could become king. Just as Cassius convinced Brutus that Caesar's unbecoming behaviour as a king-cum-dictator would destroy all of Rome, Kenney must no-doubt be hearing that Harper's miscalculations have threatened the integrity of the Conservative fortunes — a coalition that Kenney did remarkable work to build.
If Kenney seems skittish to cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war, it is perhaps because he expects that the reclusive Prime Minister may be readying for battle himself. If Kenney is afraid that, at the first whiff of mutiny, Harper will drop the writ, he will hold back.
Yet as the future of another Conservative mandate slips away thanks to the Prime Minister's stubbornness, he cannot lay in wait forever.
Between the acting of a dreadful thing
And the first motion, all the interim is
Like a phantasma, or a hideous dream.
———-
Other articles by Justin Ling
Et tu, Bernier?
The Lament of the Floor-Crosser
Liberal Flipcounters of a Third Kind
Boldly going where many political fundraisers have gone before
The Taming of the Prime Minister
Harper's Lincoln Continental
Follow Justin Ling on Twitter: @Justin_Ling
The boom is over, long live the boom.
Such was the central message at the launch of Malcolm Turnbull's national innovation and science agenda last week. According to the prime minister, “the mining boom inevitably has receded”, but by “unleashing our innovation, unleashing our imagination, being prepared to embrace change, we usher in the ideas boom.”
The constructive tone of the Turnbull statement has been widely celebrated, particularly in contrast to the flag–draped, onion–munching fear–mongering of his predecessor. Having a leader prepared to frame Australia's future with hope and ambition is a very welcome change. But if Australia is really to swap high vis for high res, then we need to take on the entrenched political economy that is holding things back. Dynamic innovation cannot be unleashed in a country that is captured by the vested interests of the fossil fuel mining industry.
Innovation statement: startups 'free to fail' in bid to encourage risk-taking Read more
It was Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter who observed that the “essential point to grasp is that in dealing with capitalism, we are dealing with an evolutionary process.” Turnbull clearly had biological metaphors in mind when he referred to an “ecosystem of innovation right across the economy” this week. But the thing about evolution and ecosystems is that they occur within an environment which conditions how things change and evolve. The same is true of an economy. And the problem we have in Australia is that our economic conditions are being warped by the political dominance of the fossil fuel mining industry that is determinedly inhibiting the potential for innovation.
The hard numbers tell a clear story. The national innovation and science agenda involves the federal government spending commitments of $1.1 bn over four years. This figure is dwarfed by the $18bn in production subsidies to the coal mining industry per annum and the roughly US$30bn or so in fossil fuel subsidies equivalents which Australia gives away every year. And all this for an industry that is shedding jobs by the day.
These subsidies, propping up the worst of the mining industry, are holding back innovation. According to the International Energy Agency, “by keeping prices artificially low, fossil-fuel subsidies encourage wasteful consumption, disadvantage renewable energy, and depress investment in energy efficiency.” The IMF says “it is generally in countries' own interest to move ahead unilaterally with energy subsidy reform”; eliminate them and “the reform gains are large.” Yet it was just this month that Turnbull declined to sign an important fossil fuel subsidy reform communique in Paris, causing some members of the coalition government to loudly celebrate a moment of old–style industry protection.
The cold dead hand of the fossil fuel mining industry can stifle innovation in other ways. If necessity is the mother of invention, then independence of mind and time and space to think are the progenitors of innovation. But as Carol Richards and Robyn Mayes from Queensland University of Technology Business School argued recently, “Australian universities, from all tiers, often have deep-seated links to fossil fuel mining. These range from training agreements, to research centres funded by donations from multi-national mining companies.” The researchers observed that these ties can impact not only on administrative decisions, but also on research integrity and academic freedom. A key plank of Turnbull's agenda is increasing collaboration between businesses and universities, but far from guaranteeing more innovation, the risk is that independence of research will be further frustrated. Freeing universities from the vested interests and accompanying managerial ideology that now plague our higher education sector is an essential step to the kind of bolder intellectual freedom and lateral thinking that leads to new ideas.
To truly unleash innovation, the key is to encourage development in areas where the world really needs it. Australia happens to have a great natural advantage, namely the bright horizon of renewable energy technologies. Innovation will also be crucial to secure the availability of good jobs in new industries to make up for the necessary closure of coal mines and power stations.
Malcolm Turnbull's innovation package offers tax breaks and school focus Read more
The national innovation and science agenda offers no specific solace or encouragement to the sustainability sector at large. Although innovation is one essential part of tackling major environmental challenges, it is an imperative that is not reflected in the agenda. There was nothing in Turnbull's statements to ground the need for innovation in the pressing requirement to decarbonise the economy or respond to other urgent pressures on planetary boundaries. Sustainability was not mentioned once in Turnbull's speech or in the press conference that followed. Investment confidence in the Australian renewables industry in particular has been shattered over the last few years and while commentators have praised the new agenda as providing some practical help to clean energy start-ups – in common with all others – the vandalism of the Abbott government has not been undone.
We already have the technology to make a full transition to renewable energy in Australia, but much more political courage is needed to phase out fossil fuels and commit the country to this necessary change. Moving beyond the language of innovation, the government should demonstrate its commitment to change with more policies to support sustainable industry development, and firm targets for the phase–in of renewables on a state and nationwide basis. The aim should be a regulatory environment which fosters an ecosystem of innovations in sustainability. Some innovation is good for the environment and society; but some is not and government should take an active role in supporting the former at the expense of the latter.
There was international recognition at the UN climate talks in Paris that a global energy system based on renewables is the foundation for climate action going forward. We saw a slew of renewable energy initiatives coming out of Paris, based on the recognition that it is a cost-competitive source of power in many countries already. Australia is now in a position to lead this shift. It is a shame that the science and innovation agenda did not seize that initiative.
Every day, on the hour, almost two-dozen alcoholics line up at a Hamilton facility for a beer, or a glass of wine.
It's not a bar. It's a Wesley Urban Ministries facility, for their managed alcohol program, known as the "Harold E. Ballard Special Care Unit."
It's one of a handful of Canadian programs that gives a regulated, hourly dose of alcohol to alcoholics to help manage their addiction. Controversy follows these kinds of programs, as it seems counter-intuitive to some – but it's a lifeline that helps people get their lives back on track, says Daljit Garry, the Executive Director of Wesley Urban Ministries.
​"It's new to some people, and unfortunately carries some controversy," she said. "But this is a safe place. It's a safe place to start your journey.
"And everyone deserves a home."
Wesley's program is actually one of the oldest of its kind, having opened up ten years ago. Back then, there were only two other managed alcohol programs in the country.
Since then, the unit has flown under the radar — but each year, an average of 42 people move through its doors. "We've been very low key," Garry said.
Wesley is extremely protective of the people who are in the program, and would not allow them to be interviewed. They also asked that the location of the facility not be named.
Helping those on the edge
There are 22 beds in the unit — 16 for men and six for women. All of the people were previously homeless or in shelters. The program is funded by the LHIN (Local Health Integration Network), as well as donor/agency support and participant fees. The Harold E. Ballard Foundation supported the capital costs related to the women's wing.
Wesley provides lodging, food, access to primary health care, and helps teach life skills to the people in the unit. One of those is brewing their own beer — Garry says that it keeps costs down on their end, and also gives the people in the unit a cheaper option for when they leave.
Residents in the Harold E. Ballard Special Care Unit brew their own beer. (CBC)
When in the program, people have to agree to move away from "non-consumables," like rubbing alcohol or mouthwash. Their alcohol also needs to be dosed, and is doled out once an hour, from 7 a.m. until 9 p.m. each day.
The one drink per hour isn't enough to get people drunk, but is enough to level them off. "They need to agree to some level of change, because it's all about stability for them," Garry said.
Some people in the program do quit drinking and reconnect with their families, she says. Others manage to reign in their addictions enough to get a job, or move into other types of care. "We can see people getting healthy," she said.
The unit is one of several blocks in Hamilton's harm reduction strategy, which essentially prioritizes the health and stability of a person above all else. Other examples of local harm reduction programs include the city handing out free, clean crack pipes and a needle exchange, as well as a study on the viability of creating a safer injection site in the city.
Programs catch the eyes of international researchers
Canada's managed alcohol programs have also caught the attention of health care researchers in Australia.
Kate Dolan, a professor at the National Drug and Alcohol Research Centre at the University of New South Wales in Australia, visited similar programs in Ottawa and Vancouver and was impressed.
"We used to lead the world in harm reduction services," Dolan told the fifth estate, but "the alcohol field has not progressed as much as the illicit drug use field."
Research led Dolan to Ottawa's program. She found managed alcohol programs to be cost-effective through reductions in spending on health care and emergency services — which essentially means the same people wouldn't be the subject of 911 calls and cycling through emergency rooms.
Participants also significantly reduce their alcohol consumption and learn a sense of community, Dolan found.
"It's about a continuum," Garry said.
"It's about starting somewhere."
adam.carter@cbc.ca
Yesssssss, we don't get many gray-a headcanons, and we got two this months! Wonderful.
~
Harry can't help but feel as if every time someone calls him “The Boy Who Lived” or reports on his (lack of a) love live that they're making fun of him or slighting him or something. Anytime someone pulls out some random fact about him he wonders how in the hell they even found out. He went from a nobody who was meant to stay out of the way or else be picked on and bullied mercilessly to a hero and a star who can't stay out of the way and still gets picked on. It's all very dizzying. His life is on display. It's unsettling.
But then the war is over and he's not the only hero anymore and people truly can begin to move on with their lives. Harry has time to learn who he is. He's actually got time to come to grips with it, to understand it. Harry has time to just be Harry while everyone is grieving and the world has stuttered to a slow crawl even though there are things that need to be done. When he stands in front of the reporters next time, he feels like Harry James Potter, not just “The Boy Who Lived”.
Harry still doesn't like the attention but he's got Ron and Hermione at his sides. Luna and Neville and Dean and Seamus and all of them have his back. Ginny has his front. He feels loved and protected. He doesn't feel like a freak on display. He feels like himself. He knows it's not his identity on display or in question. He's a symbol to people; he signifies hope for the future. It doesn't matter to them that he's demi-bisexual or gray-aromantic or a demiboy. They'll accept and love him no matter what.
For the first time, Harry really starts to live for just himself. There's something oddly relaxing and healing about that.
~Hufflepuff Mod
Decrease Size Increase Size Print
Many chemical process industries (CPI) operations generate gaseous byproducts that are impure and have low energy densities. Ener-Core Power Inc. (Irvine, Calif.; www.ener-core.com) has introduced a technology to extract valuable energy and heat from gases that would otherwise be wasted by flaring or venting.
“Annually, there are about 65,000 MW of ‘free-energy' available in the U.S. alone, in the form of low-quality methane from landfills, oil-and-gas operations, ethanol plants, chemical production facilities, coal mines and others,” explains John Millard, Ener-Core's director for Europe and the Middle East. “Ener-Core's technology allows companies to capture the energy and reduce pollutants,” he says.
The technology depends on carefully controlling a thermal oxidation reaction such that the reaction remains stable, even with diluted and impure gases. The chemical chain reaction that is characteristic of combustion cannot ordinarily be maintained with such low-quality gases, Millard says. By slowing the reaction and lowering its temperature, the Ener-Core system can quickly oxidize methane without producing pollutants, such as CO, NOx and particulate matter.
In the Ener-Core system (diagram), the raw waste gas is first diluted with air and compressed to 6–7 bars. Then, the compressed gas is fed into a packed-bed reactor at temperatures of 900–1,000°C. All species, including volatile organic compounds (VOCs), are oxidized in the reactor and the heat generated by the reaction is used to power a turbine that can generate electric power.
The company has set up its first 250-kW power station at a landfill in the Netherlands and has pending agreements to install several more systems in the near future, including a larger 2×1.75-MW system at an ethanol-production facility in California.
There are thousands of 3D prints out there for Dungeons & Dragons, usually to represent characters and environments, but this one is a bit more utilitarian.
These printed Greek columns stand 21 centimetres tall and come with slots in the bases to hold onto cheat sheets or any other relevant info for the DM and the players, creating a neat little screen.
The design was created by Michele Allori who was looking for a suitable present birthday present for a friend about to start a campaign. After some searching the only screens available were from from outside the country, so to save time and money importing them Allori simply created something new.
Using printed versions of these great PDFs from a Reddit user, Allori designed the columns in Fusion 360 and sat through 38 hours of printing using a 30% wood PLA filament.
You can see the finished result in the gallery below and you can find the files to make your own over on Thingiverse.
The paper used in this version is a standard A4, but you can always scale the print up or down to suit your needs.
a generous proffer of his baronial estate for the charity gala
proffered his assistance in helping the two sides reach a compromise
He proffered advice on how best to proceed.
Recent Examples on the Web: Verb
The Commander came home that night proffering a bouquet of roses and an apology. Abby Ellin, Marie Claire, "I Almost Married a Con Man," 8 Jan. 2019
Eighteen years ago, at the end of an official visit to North Korea, then-Secretary of State Madeleine Albright brought an unexpected gift, proffering a basketball signed by Michael Jordan for Kim Jong Il, Kim Jong-un's father. Siobhán O'grady, chicagotribune.com, "Dennis Rodman might go to Singapore. Here's the story of his friendship with Kim Jong-un.," 6 June 2018
Tampa Bay will proffer a parrot — and Buffalo will offer a wonder of the world. Erik Brady, USA TODAY, "Buffalo Bills will make two of their draft picks at Niagara Falls," 24 Apr. 2018
Similar promises were proffered in other parts of the country. Ishaan Tharoor, Washington Post, "Egypt's farcical election and the long Arab winter," 28 Mar. 2018
Mary Alice McCarthy, director of the Center on Education and Skills at the New America foundation, has proffered a different approach: apprenticeships. Jeneen Interlandi, New York Times, "Why Are Our Most Important Teachers Paid the Least?," 9 Jan. 2018
No actual invite to Mr. Farrow has been proffered, someone with knowledge of the matter said. Joe Flint, WSJ, "Megyn Kelly and NBC News Begin Exit Negotiations," 25 Oct. 2018
Powell would proffer a wholly new outlook by claiming that Americans needed to listen not only to their hearts, pocketbooks and deep aspirations, but to what the land itself and the climate would tell them. John F. Ross, Smithsonian, "The Visionary John Wesley Powell Had a Plan for Developing the West, But Nobody Listened," 3 July 2018
Markara Man had several charges proffered against him related to Pai's status as a federal official. Glenn Fleishman, Fortune, "FBI Arrests Man Who Threatened to Kill FCC Chair Ajit Pai's Children," 29 June 2018
Recent Examples on the Web: Noun
Prosecutors argued such an informal immunity agreement, known as a proffer, would have been made in writing and no corroborating paperwork has been found. Fox News, "Man who jumped out of freezer and died was cold-case suspect," 6 Aug. 2018
According to the plea agreement, Mr. Cohen's lawyers executed his proffer agreement with Mr. Mueller's office on August 7, two weeks before his guilty plea in Manhattan. Rebecca Ballhaus, WSJ, "Michael Cohen's Lawyers Ask for No Prison Time After Plea," 1 Dec. 2018
Lying during his proffer: Downing also pressed Gates on the specifics of his plea deal with Mueller's team. Andrew Prokop, Vox, "Manafort's defense team goes all out to try to discredit Rick Gates's testimony," 7 Aug. 2018
And that conversation will typically happen through something called a proffer agreement. Jen Kirby, Vox, "How to flip a witness, as explained by a former federal prosecutor," 3 Aug. 2018
In its second act, American Conservatory Theater's production both makes a riot of a slow-motion fight scene and proffers ageless wisdom won from the ravages of war. Chronicle Staff Report, San Francisco Chronicle, "Theater capsule reviews and listings, week of April 22," 19 Apr. 2018
No matter what happens, this thought experiment proffers, someone is going to die. Betsy Morais, Longreads, "The Menace and the Promise of Autonomous Vehicles," 13 June 2018
In its second act, American Conservatory Theater's production both makes a riot of a slow-motion fight scene and proffers ageless wisdom won from the ravages of war. Chronicle Staff Report, San Francisco Chronicle, "Theater capsule reviews and listings, week of April 22," 19 Apr. 2018
In its second act, American Conservatory Theater's production both makes a riot of a slow-motion fight scene and proffers ageless wisdom won from the ravages of war. Chronicle Staff Report, San Francisco Chronicle, "Theater capsule reviews and listings, week of April 22," 19 Apr. 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'proffer.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
Image copyright AFP Image caption King Victor Emmanuel III (second left), seen here with his wife Queen Elena, died in exile in Egypt in 1947
The body of King Victor Emmanuel III has returned to Italy from Egypt, 70 years after he died there in exile.
But the royal reburial has brought back difficult memories for many and caused anger, as the BBC's Sofia Bettiza in Rome reports.
King Victor Emmanuel III was infamously nicknamed Sciaboletta, meaning "little sabre", because of his size: he was 1.53m (5ft) tall.
A special sword had to be forged for him, so it would not scrape the ground when he carried it.
His physical stature may have been small, but Victor Emmanuel's impact on Italian affairs certainly was not.
He is known in Italy as the king whose actions gave rise to the fascist regime of Benito Mussolini and the end of the monarchy.
Now, seven decades after his death, he is causing fresh controversy.
Victor Emmanuel died in exile in Egypt in 1947. He had fled Italy four years earlier, fearing arrest by the German army after declaring an armistice with the Allies during World War Two.
His remains were finally flown back to his homeland on Sunday, amid condemnation and outrage, particularly among Italy's Jewish community.
"This cannot fail to generate deep concern," said Noemi Di Segni, president of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities.
"Victor Emmanuel III was an accomplice of the fascist regime, whose rise he never opposed."
'Mockery'
In 1922, Victor Emmanuel chose not to mobilise the army against Mussolini's fascists and instead asked him to form a government, paving the way for 20 years of dictatorship.
He was later also heavily criticised for signing racial laws in 1938 that legalised the persecution of Jews.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The king (left) and Benito Mussolini attend the celebration of Victory Day in Rome in 1938
Some of Victor Emmanuel's descendants are calling for his remains to be moved to the Pantheon, the ancient Roman monument where Italy's first two Savoy kings lie.
Emanuele Filiberto, his great-grandson, told Italian media that members of his house shouldn't be buried in "just any tomb".
"It's not anachronistic to hope that kings be respected," he said.
But the request was branded as "mockery" by the Jewish community in Rome. Many pointed out that the Pantheon is very close to the ghetto - the city's Jewish neighbourhood where, in 1943, about 1,000 Jews were rounded up and deported to Nazi death camps. Only 16 survived.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Emanuele Filiberto, the king's great-grandson, supports the idea of burying him at the Pantheon
Even the manner in which the king's remains were physically transported to Italy has sparked anger - on a military plane, paid for by the state.
"A disagreeable choice," said Massimo D'Alema, a former Italian prime minister.
"We need to be careful about the symbols we are sending," said Luigi Di Maio, the leader of the Five-Star Movement, who is running in the next election and could become Italy's new prime minister. "We are reopening a wound in our history."
'Adorable'
Three years after the king fled Italy - leaving his homeland, and significantly the Italian army, in chaos - he abdicated in favour of his son.
A month later, in June 1946, Italy voted to become a republic.
It was also decided that all members of the Savoy family would be barred from setting foot in Italy ever again - a ban that was overturned in 2002.
Who was King Victor Emmanuel III?
1900: Victor Emmanuel III becomes King of Italy
Victor Emmanuel III becomes King of Italy 1922: He asks Mussolini to form a new government, paving the way for the fascist regime
He asks Mussolini to form a new government, paving the way for the fascist regime 1938: The king signs laws restricting civil rights of Jews
The king signs laws restricting civil rights of Jews 9 September 1943: Victor Emmanuel III flees Italy
Victor Emmanuel III flees Italy 9 May 1946: The king abdicates in favour of his son
The king abdicates in favour of his son 2 June 1946: Italian referendum, Italy becomes a republic
Italian referendum, Italy becomes a republic 28 December 1947: Victor Emmanuel III dies in exile in Egypt
His remains were returned at the weekend after a formal request by his family in 2011.
On Monday they paid tribute to him at a family mausoleum near Turin in a small private ceremony.
Victor Emmanuel was reburied next to his wife, Elena of Montenegro, a woman who was 1.80m tall and used to call him "mon petit roi" (my small king).
His grandson, Victor Emmanuel, who would be the king if Italy still had a monarchy, says he still hopes his grandfather's body could be moved to the Pantheon - "where kings belong".
Image copyright EPA Image caption The king's tomb at a mausoleum near Turin
His niece Maria Pia says he was "adorable".
"I used to call him little grandpa. He was affected by rickets - his legs were so short that when he stood up from his chair he had to do a little jump, like us children."
The rest of the country will probably remember him in a very different way.
Seven men denied a series of sex crimes against the same underage girl when they appeared before a crown court judge today.
Six of the men, including four from the Wycombe area, are said to have had sex with the girl separately over the course of a year, while another was accused of filming her and making the teenager send nude photos of herself after meeting her online.
The men, all aged between 20 and 24 years, were told they would be tried by a jury later this year after pleading not guilty during a court hearing this afternoon.
It took the clerk of the court more than 10 minutes to put all of the charges to the men, who live across High Wycombe, Flackwell Heath, Wooburn Green, Maidenhead, Wendover and London - see below for full details of names, addresses and charges.
Steven Douglas, Nathan Tilly and Alex Foale all denied two counts of sexual activity with a child, while Charles Merefield and Ryan Squire pleaded not guilty to three counts of the same crime during the hearing at Aylesbury Crown Court.
Ryan Henry denied two counts of sexual activity with a child, one of causing or inciting a child into prostitution or pornography and one of making indecent photos of a child.
The six men are all set to be tried together later this year, with a seventh defendant - 24-year-old Nemanja Meletic - to go on trial separately for offences against the same girl.
Meletic appeared in the same courtroom immediately after the other six men to deny six counts of making indecent photos of a child and another of causing or inciting a child into prostitution or pornography.
The court heard that some of the men accept that they had sex with the girl, who cannot be named for legal reasons, but that they did not know she was underage, while others claim that she is lying about the fact they had sex with her.
The court was told that there is no connection between some of the defendants.
A trial set to last for at least four weeks is due to take place from November 21. However there will be a separate hearing on August 22 to determine whether all six men should be tried together.
Judge Justin Cole released the men on bail and warned them not to miss their trial.
He said: "You must attend trial. If you do not attend trial, there will be a warrant for your arrest and the trial is likely to take place in your absence."
Meanwhile Meletic was told that his trial would last for three to four days and will take place in the fortnight beginning October 24 at Amersham Law Courts.
The charge of causing or inciting a child into prostitution or pornography and one of the counts of making indecent photos of a child relate to the same victim as the other case, the court was told.
The other offences are said to have taken place between May 2012 and February 2015.
Late last month, the Chicago Sun-Times and the Windy City's local ABC affiliate teamed up to produce what amounts to little more than a hit piece targeting the city's food trucks.
The joint reporting (if that's the right term) alleges that the city's food trucks have been ignoring rules Chicago drafted several years ago to regulate the city's mobile-food vending businesses. The Sun-Times and an ABC 7 I-Team Investigation both allege the trucks are parking where they shouldn't and overstaying maximum times at parking meters.
Some of the allegations may be true. Even if they are, though, it's the city's downright awful rules for regulating those trucks that are to blame here. Full stop.
Just how bad are the rules? In a 2012 column, I referred to them as "disgusting" and "nefarious" and noted they carry harsh fines of up to $2,000.
"Food trucks are severely limited in where and how long they can serve customers," wrote Diana Sroka Rickert, in a great Chicago Tribune column this week that pointed out many of the ordinance's glaring flaws. "The trucks cannot be within 200 feet of brick-and-mortar restaurants, and they're not allowed to stay in the same location longer than two hours."
And, notes Rickert, "these rules should never have become law in the first place."
There's another side, of course, and it's no surprise that the Illinois Restaurant Association, whose members are protected from competition by the law, "supports the crackdown," reports CBS Chicago.
The restaurant association claims that it "supports food trucks and was pleased to work with both the Mayor's Office and Chicago's aldermen to ensure that all parties' best interests were represented in the current ordinance." Notably, the restaurant association statement fails to include mention of, say, maybe working with the food trucks themselves, who are after all the key party here, and whose interests the Chicago ordinance flatly fails to take into account.
In November 2012, shortly after the ordinance's passage, the nonprofit Institute for Justice sued Chicago on behalf of a city food truck owner. The suit rightly argues that the city's food truck rules are unconstitutional.
A 1960 Illinois Supreme Court decision, Chicago Title & Trust Co. v. Village of Lombard, struck down as unconstitutional an ordinance that prohibited new gas stations from operating within 650 feet of existing ones.
The court—in a ruling so on-point it hurts—found no such basis existed under rules that served only to protect existing filling stations from competition from new entrants and that failed to have any basis in protecting the health, safety, or welfare of residents.
"Under the police power of the State new burdens may be imposed upon property and new restrictions placed upon its use when the public welfare demands it," the state's high court ruled in Chicago Title & Trust. "The police power is, however, limited to enactments having reference to the public health, safety, comfort and welfare."
"Chicago's food truck rules are some of the worst in the nation," IJ's Robert Frommer, the lead attorney in the case challenging Chicago's rules, told me this week. "They exist not to protect public safety but the bottom line of a few well connected businesses."
A judge is set to hear oral arguments on cross-motions for summary judgment in the food-truck case next month.
Soon after the Sun-Times and ABC7 reports, at the behest of Mayor Rahm Emanuel, the city began handing out $1,000 tickets to food truck operators. The mayor, wrote the author of the Sun-Times article in a follow-up piece, "promise[d] to do what his own administration has failed to do: Issue a blitzkrieg of citations and fines against food truck owners caught thumbing their noses at the city's much-ballyhooed ordinance."
Blitzkriegs and ballyhoos reminds me of a fantastic Echo & the Bunnymen song. But it doesn't make the Chicago ordinance any less awful, or any less unconstitutional.
In speaking with him this week, IJ's Frommer noted something I have as well, namely "that the size of Chicago's food truck industry is dwarfed by those in cities with good laws."
Consider that Chicago, a city that boasts more than 2.7 million residents, has an estimated 60-70 mobile food trucks. That's roughly one food truck for every 42,000 residents.
In a script I recently wrote, I employed a few features of Perl 6 that I'd like to highlight. I'm using Mash to create a distance matrix of samples (usually metagenomes or genomes) to each other, either in a complete pair-wise fashion or some set (like the Pacific Ocean Virome) to some new set of samples.
The output of Mash is a tab-delimited file. The first line contains the column headers, and the first column is the literal string "#query" followed by all the sample/file names which include the relative path information. Here is a sample:
#query fasta/L.Spr.C.1300m.fa fasta/M.Fall.O.105m.fa fasta/L.Win.O.10m.fa fasta/SMS.Spr.C.5m.fa fasta/M.Fall.I.10m.fa fasta/L.Sum.O.2000m.fa fasta/M.Fall.O.1000m.fa fasta/M.Fall.O.4300m.fa fasta/L.Spr.I.2000m.fa fasta/L.Spr.C.1000m.fa fasta/L.Spr.O.2000m.fa fasta/M.Fall.C.10m.fa fasta/L.Spr.O.10m.fa fasta/SFC.Spr.C.5m.fa fasta/SFS.Spr.C.5m.fa fasta/L.Sum.O.500m.fa fasta/L.Spr.I.10m.fa fasta/L.Sum.O.10m.fa fasta/L.Spr.I.500m.fa fasta/L.Spr.C.10m.fa fasta/GD.Spr.C.8m.fa fasta/M.Fall.I.42m.fa fasta/L.Win.O.1000m.fa fasta/L.Win.O.500m.fa fasta/M.Fall.O.10m.fa fasta/SFD.Spr.C.5m.fa fasta/L.Spr.O.1000m.fa fasta/STC.Spr.C.5m.fa fasta/L.Spr.I.1000m.fa fasta/L.Sum.O.1000m.fa fasta/L.Spr.C.500m.fa fasta/L.Win.O.2000m.fa fasta/GF.Spr.C.9m.fa
All the other lines are the reference samples (with relative path information to the index) followed by a value between 0 and 1 indicating the distance (shared genetic content as determined by k-mers in this case) between the samples where "0" indicates identical samples and "1" is completely unrelated:
./HOT/HOT226_1_0500m/HOT226_1_0500m.fastq 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.295981 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.295981 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.295981 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0.295981 1 1
I need to clean up this file a bit to
remove the "#query" -- the comment character can cause problems for some downstream analysis tools, and the presence of anything in that field causes problems for others
use the basenames of the files, preferably without any suffixes like ".gz," ".fasta," ".fastq," etc., because certain visualization tools will use the sample names and they need to be as short as possible
allow for the the substitution of sample names from the user, i.e., a mapping from sample file names to some alias
remove lines where all the values are equal to "1" (there's no shared sequence space)
convert from a "distance" matrix to a "nearness" by subtracting the distance value from 1
Here's the script I wrote to do this:
#!/usr/bin/env perl6 subset File of Str where *.IO.f; sub MAIN ( File :$in!, Str :$out="", Str :$alias-file="", Bool :$nearness=False ) { my %alias; if $alias-file && $alias-file.IO.f { my $fh = open $alias-file; my @hdr = $fh.get.split(/\t/); # name, alias -- not used %alias = $fh.lines.map(*.split(/\t/)).flat; } sub clean-file-name($file) { my $basename = $file.IO.basename; $basename ~~ s/'.' msh $//; $basename ~~ s/'.' gz $//; $basename ~~ s/'.' fn?a(st)? $//; %alias{$basename} || $basename; } my $out-file = $out || do { my $ext = $in.IO.extension; my $basename = $in.IO.basename.subst(/'.' $ext $/, ''); $*SPEC.catfile($in.IO.dirname, $basename ~ '.2.' ~ $ext); }; my $in-fh = open $in, :r; my $out-fh = open $out-file, :w; for $in-fh.lines.kv -> $i, $line { my @flds = $line.split(/\t/); if $i == 0 { my $query = @flds.shift; # literal "#query", not needed my @files = @flds.map(&clean-file-name); $out-fh.put(join("\t", flat "", @files)); } else { my $file = clean-file-name(@flds.shift); next if all(@flds) == 1; if $nearness { @flds = @flds.map(1 - *); } $out-fh.put(join "\t", flat $file, @flds); } } $in-fh.close; $out-fh.close; put "Done, see '$out-file'"; }
In my last post, I wrote about the fabulous MAIN subroutine, so I won't belabor the arguments list. Suffice to say this is the USAGE:
Usage: ./process-dist.pl6 --in= [--out= ] [--alias-file= ] [--nearness (False True)]
I need an --in file argument and optionally an --out filename, and --alias-file name which has the file/name mappings, and a --nearness option to indicate that I want to reverse the numbers.
I will use a hash to handle the alias mapping, if present. I look to see if there is an $alias-file provided and if it is an actual file ( .IO.f ). If so, I open it, read off the first line of column names ("name," "alias"), and then grab all the lines which I map into a code block where I split the whatever/thing on tabs. Finally, I flatten all that (which is a list of 2-member lists) so to populate the %alias hash.
my %alias; if $alias-file && $alias-file.IO.f { my $fh = open $alias-file; my @hdr = $fh.get.split(/\t/); # name, alias -- not used %alias = $fh.lines.map(*.split(/\t/)).flat; }
Next I create a simple closure around the %alias while encapsulating all the logic of how I want to clean up the file names. I can treat any string like an IO::Path object with the IO method so that I can use the basename routine to strip off the directory names. From there I'm using the ~~ operator to apply the s (in-place substitution) to remove a series of offensive suffixes. The third substitution will remove ".fa, ".fna", ".fasta," and ".fastq". Perl will return the last value of a subroutine automatically (like Haskell but unlike Javascript), so I just state the last line is the value of the alias for this (cleaned-up) filename or the cleaned-up name:
sub clean-file-name($file) { my $basename = $file.IO.basename; $basename ~~ s/'.' msh $//; $basename ~~ s/'.' gz $//; $basename ~~ s/'.' fn?a(st)? $//; %alias{$basename} || $basename; }
If the user does not supply an --out file name, then I need to construct one from the existing file plus a "2" before the extension. To do so, I get the basename and subst (substitute) the extension for nothing (I wish there were an easier way!). Then I use the global $*SPEC object's catfile routine to piece back together the path, basename, ".2", and extension for my new filename.
my $out-file = $out || do { my $ext = $in.IO.extension; my $basename = $in.IO.basename.subst(/'.' $ext $/, ''); $*SPEC.catfile($in.IO.dirname, $basename ~ '.2.' ~ $ext); };
Now I'm ready to open my input and output files. The default is to open for "read" ( :r ). It's necessary to open the output for "write" with :w or bad things happen when you try to print things to that handle.
my $in-fh = open $in, :r; my $out-fh = open $out-file, :w;
In another post I write about using kv (key/value) on lists like that returned from "lines." The reason is that I need to know if I'm on the first line (well, zeroth). If so, I want to shift off the first member of the @flds to get rid of that pesky "#query" from Mash. Then I want to process all the rest of the lines with my aforementioned &clean-file-name routine. Note that I preface the subroutine name with the ampersand to indicate a reference and not an directive to execute it. Lastly, I put the new string made of an empty string and the cleaned up filenames (or aliases). It is necessary to use flat because Perl 6 respects lists-of-lists whereas Perl 5 automatically flattened these structures:
if $i == 0 { my $query = @flds.shift; # literal "#query", not needed my @files = @flds.map(&clean-file-name); $out-fh.put(join("\t", flat "", @files)); }
If I'm not on the first line, then I need to clean up the first field and decide how to handle the rest of the values. If the user has indicated that I need to invert the distance matrix into a nearness matrix, I need to subtract the values from 1:
else { my $file = clean-file-name(@flds.shift); next if all(@flds) == 1; if $nearness { @flds = @flds.map(1 - *); } $out-fh.put(join "\t", flat $file, @flds); }
Then I simply close the files and let the user know where to find the output file:
$in-fh.close; $out-fh.close; put "Done, see '$out-file'";
Here's hoping you find something useful in this!
What makes a game stand out in a crowded market and skyrocket to success and popularity? Quality, innovation, timing, PR, marketing, networking, luck? Most likely, it's a combination of factors. Sometimes, however, there is one particular element that stands out in the minds of the developer as key to their success. In the case of the three blockbuster hit games below, the significant factors were social innovation, progressively challenging levels, and getting the most out of the loyalty of a pre-existing market.
Pirate Kings offers players a new way to interact with each other
Being innovative doesn't necessarily mean that a game breaks down all the walls creating a new paradigm or genre. As Scott Rogers once wrote: “Although I am sure there is probably still a completely original idea out there in the galaxy of ideas, the majority of gameplay design works by each game building on its predecessors.” (Level Up! The Guide to Great Video Design, p. 33)
Indie studio Jelly Button made their casual MMO Pirate Kings game unique, and hugely popular, by adding a new social dimension that generated emotion among the player base. Players can interact with their friends even when they're offline, for example, stealing their treasure or attacking their island.
Jelly Button co-founder, Ron Rejwan, believes that this social interaction is a key reason for the game's explosive popularity.
“We've seen amazing growth with an especially engaged audience in SE Asia,” Rejwan says. “Players talk on online communities about how the game has affected their lives and friendships. There are hundreds of reviews with some users even warning not to play the game if your friendships are not strong enough to withstand social pirating. And that's a sign of emotional engagement.”
Pirate Kings has been downloaded over 50 million times, and players get so emotionally involved they even post original videos and songs about their experiences. Download the Jelly Button case study to learn more.
Fruit Bump balances difficulty with complexity in multiple levels
With Fruit Bump, Twimler founder Majid Khosravi set out to create the kind of match 3 game that he himself loved to play. Obviously, there were already a lot of match 3 games out there on the market, so he knew that there was a risk his game would get lost in the masses.
However, Khosravi believes that a key aspect of the game's success derives from the game's multiple levels. Twimler focused on designing precise degrees of difficulty that rise over time yet continue to engage players as they progress through the game's 620 levels.
This repeating cycle of increasing challenge is a phenomenon, which game design expert Jesse Schell has identified as a seemingly natural element of human enjoyment. “Too much tension, and we wear out. Too much relaxation, and we grow bored. When we fluctuate between the two, we enjoy both excitement and relaxation, and this oscillation provides both the pleasure of variety and the pleasure of anticipation.” (The Art of Game Design, 2nd edition, Jesse Schell, CRC Press, 2015, page 142)
Twimler used Unity Analytics to gather the insight they needed to get the difficulty curve just right.
“With Session Length and Average Revenue Per User' metrics, combined with its Custom Reports, you can see straight away if retention drops when something is off,” Khosravi says.
Tweaking an increasing degree of difficulty in just the right way helped make Fruit Bump hugely popular. Fruit Bump's daily average users grew from 500,000 to 800,000 creating 300,000 new daily average users in just two months.
The Walking Dead: No Man's Land taps into an existing brand
In a presentation at Unite Europe 2016, Joonas Laakso of Next Games said that licensing IP rights for the hit AMC show, The Walking Dead, enabled his company to be ambitious. Tapping into the devotion of an existing fan base removed market entry barriers allowing them to take bigger risks in development.
“We believe that the known brand with their own marketing push is going to get us over the barrier of unfamiliarity on the App Store. It helps us stand out from the crowd. We don't have to sell quite so hard. With the brand, you automatically get people who care.”
Laakso says that in order to tap into that emotional attachment to the brand, characters, and story, however, your game has to be high quality and stay close to the brand narrative. It must also balance wide audience appeal with staying true to the game's inherent framework (as dictated by factors such as the studio team's talents, and the chosen genre and platform).
The Walking Dead, No Man's Land is the number one free game in 13 countries and had over one million downloads in its first week alone. To learn about approaching IP based games from a game design perspective, watch Next Game's presentation from Unite Europe 2016.
Little known to most tourists and even Germans, on the edge of Berlin lie the chilling abandoned remains of “Hitler's Olympic village,” built for the so-called Nazi Games of 1936.
Germany won the bid to host the 1936 Summer Olympics two years before the Nazi Party came to power, and Reich Chancellor Adolf Hitler saw this as an opportunity to spread Nazi propaganda and build up Germany's military machine.
Hitler oversaw the construction of the Olympic village in Wustermark, on the outskirts of Berlin. In its heyday the now decaying complex included state-of-the-art dormitories, dining areas, training facilities, a swimming pool and hosted some 4,000 athletes in luxury accommodations the likes of which had rarely been seen. Ironically, it was designed to portray an idyllic, picturesque image of a peaceful Germany to the world (the 1936 Games were the first to be televised) and the Führer even named the complex the “village of peace.” Meanwhile, the intention from the start was for the German army to use the complex once the Games were finished.
Hitler also tried to force anti-semitic politics on the event, lobbying to forbid Jews and black people from participating in the Games, though this hateful ploy failed as other nations threatened to boycott. In fact, despite this attempt to showcase the superiority of the Aryan race, the great American sprinter Jesse Owens won four gold medals that year. (According to displays at the site a fan wrote to Owens urging him not to accept the medal but the letter was intercepted by the Gestapo.)
During World War II, the Olympic complex was used as a hospital for German soldiers, and it was taken over in 1945 and used as a barracks by the Soviet Army, which occupied the complex for almost 50 years until the fall of communism, repurposing the old swimming pool and training facilities for the likes of KGB interrogations. Where the village had once featured a mural of marching German soldiers, a painting of the Red Army was added, depicting Soviet soldiers planting the hammer-and-sickle flag on the German parliament.
After the Soviets, the complex sat abandoned for years and fell into ruins. The old Olympic village has been left largely untouched, and relatively unknown even to citizens in Germany, as its Nazi history made it a source of shame in the country. Recently, however, a few athletic tournaments have been held at the site and efforts are underway to restore the complex into a living museum, though as of 2015 there were also plans to develop the crumbling complex into townhouses and apartments as Berlin's population booms.
Between April and October, daily tours of the site are given to students and visitors, and so far one room has been fully restored: the reconstructed dormitory used by Jesse Owens, a shining superstar in the otherwise dark history of the 1936 Summer Olympics.
A group of scientists from the National Institute of Standards and Technology has recently broken the distance record for quantum teleportation down optical fiber, showing they're successfully able to transfer quantum information over 60 miles. The scientists have shown that they can achieve quantum communication, mostly achieved in free space, over standard fiber-optic lines. It means they've been able to transfer the information down fiber four times further than the previous record, which is an attractive proposal for those pointing to create a quantum internet.
Quantum teleportation isn't somewhat the matter-shifting method of Star Trek, but instead the process of transporting — in fact researchers say ‘remotely reconstructing' — information that's detained in the quantum state of one chunk of matter or light to another, some distance away. The NIST researchers have proved that they can transfer the quantum state from one photon, over the distance of 102 kilometers (60 miles) of spooled optical fiber in the lab, to another photon. The experiment is informed in Optica
It may sound like a reasonable stage to send quantum information down fiber optic cable—after all, it's how much of the world's data is now sent. But it was only made possible at such distances by a new type of single-photon detector developed at NIST. “Only about 1 percent of photons make it all the way through 100 km of fiber,” explains Marty Stevens, a NIST researcher, in a press release. “We never could have done this experiment without these new detectors, which can measure this incredibly weak signal.”
The Kurdish regional government in Iraq says it has evidence that Islamic State militants used a chemical weapon against Kurdish peshmerga forces.
The Kurdistan Region Security Council released a statement Saturday alleging that chlorine was used in a January suicide bombing in northern Iraq.
The statement said a lab analysis found chlorine traces in samples from the scene of the attack. The Kurds said the lab was located in a partner nation in the U.S.-led coalition fighting the Islamic State group, but they did not identify the nation or the lab.
The January 23 suicide bombing took place on a road between the Islamic State-held city of Mosul and the Syrian border, according to the statement.
The Islamic State group has been suspected of using chlorine in previous attacks in Iraq and Syria.
Saturday's allegation by the Kurdish government could not be independently verified.
It came as thousands of Iraqi forces and Iranian-backed Shi'ite militia members paused their push to retake Tikrit from the Islamic State group for a second day. Islamic State snipers, roadside bombs and booby traps have slowed down the offensive, which has already succeeded in seizing several areas.
Military commanders were reportedly planning their strategy for taking final control of the city.
Tikrit, just 140 kilometers northwest of Baghdad, has both symbolic and strategic value. It is the hometown of the late dictator Saddam Hussein and is also seen as a key step toward retaking Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.
At a news conference Saturday in Egypt, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. knows about and "understands" Iran's involvement in the offensive. He said that while the U.S. does not coordinate with Iran, it knows Iran is also opposed to the Islamic State group.
On Friday, the head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency said the militants were well-armed and well-financed but not invincible.
John Brennan told the Council on Foreign Relations in New York that U.S.-led coalition airstrikes had "softened" many of the Islamic State forces and that there were serious signs that the group's "engine is suffering."
"We see there is some dissension in the ranks," he said. Controlling territory and administering it "is not really the strong suit of some of these thugs."
Archaeological school of thought
A map showing the generally defined area of the Fertile Crescent in red
Panbabylonism (also known as Panbabylonianism) is the school of thought that considered the cultures and religions of the Middle East and civilization in general to be ultimately derived from Babylonian myths which in turn they viewed as being based on Babylonian astronomy, often in hidden ways.[1]
Overview [ edit ]
A related school of thought is the Bible-Babel school, which regarded the Hebrew Bible and Judaism to be directly derived from Mesopotamian (Babylonian) mythology; both are forms of hyperdiffusionism in archaeology.[2]
Both theories were popular in Germany, and the height of Panbabylonism was from the late 19th century to World War I. Prominent advocates included Friedrich Delitzsch, Peter Jensen, Alfred Jeremias and Hugo Winckler.[3][4]
Panbabylonist thought largely disappeared from legitimate scholarship after the death of one of its greatest proponents, Hugo Winckler.[2] The claims of the school were largely discredited by astronomical and chronological arguments of Franz Xaver Kugler (a Jesuit priest).[5]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
The Turkish higher board of education has prohibited all academics from traveling abroad, according to local broadcaster TRT.
LIVE UPDATES: #TurkeyPurge: Post-coup crackdown
The ban is a temporary measure to prevent alleged coup plotters in universities from escaping, according to a Turkish government official, cited by Reuters. Some people at the universities were communicating with military cells, the official claimed.
Four university rectors have also been suspended as part of the crackdown, according to broadcaster NTV.
It comes shortly after the government ordered the resignation of all university deans – namely, 1,577 people.
Also, the authorities canceled the licenses of 21,000 private-school teachers, bringing the total number of dismissed professionals to almost 60,000, according to Bloomberg estimates.
READ MORE: ‘Clear attack on academic freedom' – professor behind Turkish crackdown petition (RT INTERVIEW)
Academics around the world have expressed their outrage at the situation, too. Fiona de Londras, professor of Global Legal Studies at the University of Birmingham, has launched an online petition to support academic freedom in Turkey.
The Anonymous hacktivist group has also condemned the crackdown on education and media, urging to pay attention to the upcoming publications on the WikiLeaks whistleblowing website. On Wednesday, access to WikiLeaks was blocked in Turkey after a cache of some 300,000 government emails went online.
The purge comes as the government suspects the academics of links with the US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who denies claims that he was behind the recent attempted coup.
PM Binali Yildirim said the preacher led a "terrorist organization," and pledged in a speech to parliament to “dig them up by their roots."
READ MORE: Turkey blocks access to WikiLeaks after release of 300k govt emails over post-coup purges
Gulen, in his turn, hinted that Erdoğan may have staged it himself; the Turkish president called the claim “nonsensical.”
US Secretary of State John Kerry said that Turkey would need to provide “evidence, not allegations” against the cleric, currently living in Pennsylvania, in order to have him extradited to Turkey.
The primary focus of President Obama's State of the Union was to position his 2014 agenda around wielding the power of the presidency through the use of executive actions.
It's a (perhaps overdue) reflection of political reality and a contrast to the way he's implored Congress to act on his legislative priorities in previous SOTUs -- typically coming up empty-handed. With his own approval ratings down and base-driven midterm elections on the horizon, Obama has disabused himself of the prospects of enacting grand bargains here and bipartisan comprehensive solutions there.
"America does not stand still – and neither will I," Obama declared in the thesis-defining lines of his speech. "So wherever and whenever I can take steps without legislation to expand opportunity for more American families, that's what I'm going to do."
His plan to sidestep congressional opposition by governing through executive action has drawn predictable howls of "tyranny" from the opposition. But if the executive actions the White House is already floating for 2014 are anything to go by, the tyranny will prove to be a modest, benevolent, mostly unnoticed one. If anything, Obama's actions show just how weak the office of the presidency may be -- or at least, in this case, chooses to be.
The most publicized action that the White House unveiled on Tuesday was to raise the minimum wage among federal contract workers to $10.10. The practical effects of this change - how many federal contract workers are earning minimum wage, exactly? - may be minimal. The move does set up a marker for the Democratic midterms, though, on which a legislative proposal to raise the minimum wage for all workers to $10.10 is becoming the banner campaign item - along with immigration reform, the other issue where Democrats hope to box in Republicans.
The president plans to set new fuel efficiency standards for heavy-duty vehicles. That's something. His Treasury department will create new, modest retirement savings accounts available to employees whose employers do not offer such benefits. One retirement analyst doesn't expect much from this, and suggests it's a more tactical maneuver to set "the beginning stages of a debate about retirement issues.”
From there, though, the level of tangible effects on policy decreases dramatically.
Many of the other actions aren't actually ... actions ... so much as considerations of possible, distant further action. In one "action," the president "will host a summit on working families to highlight the policies that will ensure America's global economic competitiveness by supporting working families; showcase companies doing exemplary work in this space; and highlight model laws and policies from cities and states across the country in areas such as discrimination, flexibility and paid leave." To call this little gathering an "executive action" or equate it with the power of the presidency is insulting.
There are other "summits" or meetings disguised as actions as well. In another, "the president will convene a group of CEOs and other leaders around supporting best practices for hiring the long-term unemployed". He will have a photo op with some CEOs and ask them to hire unemployed people. Great, that should do the trick. He will be "asking colleges and universities, non-profits and businesses to work with him on ways to improve students' access to and completion of higher education". And after he asks them and they meet with him, then what? He will also "mobilize business leaders, community colleges, mayors and governors, and labor leaders to increase the number of innovative apprenticeships in America". Mobilize how? Will he give them money to do something, or not?
And then there's the vice-president's review of federal job-training programs, which is about as close to a parody of inefficient, bureaucratic government action as imaginable.
With all of these summits and roundtables, the list of the president's 2014 executive actions sounds less like a governing agenda and more like an itinerary for a three-day bus trip.
The French government has postponed a long-held target to reduce the share of nuclear energy in the country's power production after grid operator RTE warned it risked supply shortages after 2020 and could miss a goal to curb carbon emissions.
Environment Minister Nicolas Hulot said on Tuesday (7 November) it was not realistic to cut nuclear energy's share of electricity production to 50% by 2025 from 75% now and that doing so in a hurry would increase France's CO2 emissions, endanger the security of power supply and put jobs at risk.
“It will be difficult to maintain the target of reducing the share of nuclear to 50% by 2025,” Hulot told reporters following a cabinet meeting.
He later said in an television interview the government would be working towards a 2030 to 2035 timeframe.
Hulot said that while there was a delay, the government would in a year's time have a clear programme on which reactors to close and when.
Report: Nuclear power on the decline Nuclear power seems on its way out, as construction of only one new nuclear reactor was undertaken in 2017, according to the World Nuclear Industry Report 2017. EURACTIV France reports.
In 2015, the previous government of Socialist François Hollande passed an energy transition law setting out the 50% target by 2025. But Hollande took no concrete steps towards closing any reactors.
Centrist President Emmanuel Macron, elected in May, had promised to keep the target and Hulot, France's best-known environmentalist, said in July it might have to close up to 17 of its 58 reactors by 2025 to achieve it.
RTE said in its 2017-2035 Electricity Outlook that if France went ahead with plans to simultaneously shut down four 40-year-old nuclear reactors and all its coal-fired plants as planned, there could be risks of power supply shortages.
For this winter, RTE said electricity demand was expected to be stable, although unplanned nuclear reactor outages and a prolonged cold spell could squeeze supply.
Concerns that nuclear-reliant France could face tight supplies similar to last year have contributed to wholesale power prices touching new highs in recent weeks, as utility EDF announced delays in the restart of several reactors for safety and regulatory reasons.
The prolonged nuclear outages have forced EDF to cut its nuclear output target twice this year, and it issued a profit warning on 27 October.
Poland to treat coal addiction by embracing nuclear power Poland's ongoing large-scale investment in three new coal-fired power plants may be the country's last fossil fuel venture, its energy minister said on Wednesday (6 September), indicating a possible energy shift in the EU's largest eastern member amid revived plans to embrace nuclear power.
Hulot's credentials
Widely seen as the guardian of the Macron government's green policies, the popular Hulot – a former television documentary maker turned environmentalist – had in recent months repeatedly said France needed to close several nuclear plants.
But he received little public support from Macron, a strong supporter of nuclear, or Prime Minister Edouard Philippe, a former employee of state-owned reactor builder Areva.
Two weeks before the government was formed in mid-May, a source close to Macron told Reuters he was considering delaying the target for reducing France's reliance on nuclear, although an official spokesman had later denied it.
State-owned EDF, the world's biggest operator of nuclear plants, has long said it made no sense to shut down functioning reactors and instead wants to extend the lifespan of its nuclear fleet from 40 to at least 50 years.
German nuclear damage shows atomic and renewable power are unhappy bedfellows A Germany nuclear plant was damaged because its operators increased and decreased its output to respond to energy grid fluctuations. The incident supports the theory that nuclear and renewable energy generation are incompatible. EURACTIV's partner Der Tagesspiegel reports.
EDF shares closed up 1.3% after Hulot's announcement, outperforming the French bourse's 0.5% decline.
EDF stock had plunged as much as 7% on the day Hulot was appointed environment minister on the expectation he would push for less nuclear and more renewable energy.
Hulot, who made a failed bid to become the green candidate in the 2012 presidential election, had been courted by both Hollande and his conservative predecessor Nicolas Sarkozy to be environment minister.
Hulot told French daily Le Monde last month he had given himself a year to see whether he could reform French energy and agricultural policies.
Greenpeace said Hulot had already shown weakness in fighting fossil fuels and was now jeopardising France's energy transition.
“He should be a bulwark against the oil and nuclear lobbies,” the campaign group said in a statement.
Archaeologists have discovered a tomb belonging to a powerful pre-Hispanic priestess in Peru, the eighth in more than two decades, confirming that women ruled the region approximately 1,200 years ago.
The burial chamber was found in the Cao religious compound belonging to the Moche civilisation, close to the city of Trujillo, Peru. The highly decorated tomb is made of clay and covered with copper plates in the form of waves and birds. Inside the tomb were the remains of the priestess surrounded by ceramic offerings, a mast and a knife, as well as the bodies of five children and two adults all of whom were sacrificed.
So far, the excavations within the cemetery of the Mochica elite have only turned up tombs with women, indicating the important role that women played in the Moche society. "This find makes it clear that women didn't just run rituals in this area but governed here and were queens of Mochica society," said project director Luis Jaime Castillo.
The Moche was a mysterious civilization who ruled the northern coast of Peru approximately two thousand years ago. They built huge pyramids made of millions of mud bricks and created an extensive network of aqueducts which enabled them to irrigate crops in their dry desert location. They were also pioneers of metal working techniques like gilding and soldering, which enabled them to create extraordinarily intricate jewellery and artefacts.
Little was known about the Moche civilization because they left no written texts to help explain their beliefs and customs. However, the discovery of detailed paintings and murals on pottery work and on temple walls has helped to provide insights into their culture and beliefs.
The artwork, as well as archaeological findings, has indicated that women were held with high esteem. It was the Moche priestesses who used to carry out the gruesome sacrifices. Adorned in gold, they would slit the throats of their victims and catch the blood in a golden goblet for the high priestess to drink. Excavated tombs revealing women buried with weapons and armour also indicate that they were fighting warriors. Still, much knowledge about the structure of Moche society remains to be discovered and understood.
By April Holloway
CoinDesk spoke to Alan Safahi, CEO of cash-to-bitcoins service ZipZap, about its big entry into the Latin American market, bitcoin as a ‘leapfrog technology' in the world's more volatile economies, and whether the company's recent issues with payment processor PayPoint would have any impact in future.
Alan Safahi has just come back from San Francisco's CoinSummit where he says he spent far too much time fending off questions about whether his company would continue operations, after recent media articles.
“Rumors of our death were exaggerated,” he laughs, paraphrasing Mark Twain. “I was surprised at the power of the press.”
On the contrary, ZipZap is looking to expand in many new areas, while maintaining existing ones. Last month's issue was simply one of a payment processor who expected a slow trickle of bitcoin-related business, but instead got a tsunami – too much of a good thing, if you will.
ZipZap is still working with PayPoint to address the processor's concerns about bitcoin's exact legal status in the UK, while at the same time diversifying its options both commercially and geographically.
Into Brazil
ZipZap already operates in five countries, and has just quietly slipped into a sixth and major one: Brazil. Having run first a closed, and then open, beta there for a few weeks, the service went live last week, with a Portuguese language site inviting locals to try it out.
The company has also worked as a payment option supporting exchange partners in the country for about two years, including the now-defunct BitInstant.
All without doing much marketing to promote it – yet.
ZipZap decided to move out of the background and promote its services under its own name, doing its own KYC (know your customer) procedures and allowing consumers to buy bitcoin directly. Exchanges often just aren't in the business of new customer acquisition, Safahi indicates.
“We talked to exchanges and a lot of them really didn't want to go after Latin America,” he said. “Everybody's focused on Europe and Asia.”
“We have a very aggressive plan to educate and acquire new customers. We thought Brazil would be a good market for that, it's a huge powerhouse in Latin America,” he added.
“Brazil has a bitcoin-friendly environment, with banking and so forth,” Safahi continued. “And we think there's a lot of good potential use cases with remittances for Latin America that Brazil could help us get into.”
As is often the case with bitcoin, much of the promise lies in weaknesses with current financial and economic structures: instability, poverty, and lack of access to banking services – including credit cards, even for large sections of the middle class.
“I see a lot more potential in Latin America,” he said. “Eighty-five per cent in some countries are unbanked. In these unbanked economies, people will just jump over the existing payment options, like Visa and MasterCard, and just go to the next generation: digital currency.”
Said Safahi:
“It's just like in Kenya and other places where they don't have landline phones. But they have a lot of mobile phones; it's easier for them to just leapfrog one technology, go to the next one. So I think that's what's going to happen in Latin America.”
What volatility?
There's no point talking about the risks of bitcoin's volatility to the people of Latin America, as most of them have experienced far worse with their own national currencies.
“We see a lot of pent-up demand for bitcoin in Argentina.” said Safahi. “I was there a couple of months ago – people in the streets come up to you and try to convert your dollars into bitcoin. They say ‘cambio, cambio'; they know how to do currency conversion with bitcoin.”
“Taxi drivers there know about bitcoin,” he added. “I've never seen a country where people are so in tune with financial services as they are in Argentina.”
Then there are countries like Venezuela and Nicaragua, with their closed economies and strict financial controls that do nothing to encourage real commerce or small businesses.
“Those are the markets where bitcoin volatility actually looks really good!” said Safahi. “At the conference, people kept asking ‘What can we do to manage the volatility of bitcoin?' and I said, ‘just take bitcoin to markets where volatility doesn't look bad'.”
He added:
“There are probably about 60-70% of countries in the world you could go to right now, where bitcoin actually looks stable.”
First-world problems
The problem with developed countries is that there often doesn't seem to be any urgent need for a new payment system. The average consumer doesn't understand the economic case for sound, non-government controlled money and local fiat currencies have been stable enough to provide a sense of security.
It's difficult to get consumers in the developed world to switch to bitcoin, Safahi said, because they're not particularly inconvenienced now. People may complain sometimes, but they're generally satisfied with credit cards, both in-store and online.
Even merchants, who may gripe about chargeback fraud and processing fees, seem more comfortable in the current system and aren't rushing en masse to adopt or encourage bitcoin use. Few offer discounts for digital currency, treating it almost as a favor to enthusiasts or a gimmick to attract a bit more business and attention.
Safahi said:
“Libertarians, die-hard fans, will flock to a store that accepts bitcoin. But that novelty wears off. So what are you going to do, two months later, when another competitor comes in?”
Remittances and micropayments
Safahi sees remittances and micropayments as being far more significant bitcoin use cases to consider than regular e-commerce in developed countries.
“While everyone here is into e-commerce and they get all excited about Overstock.com,” he said, “we're looking at building railways that can get rid of Moneygram and Western Union.”
Explained Safahi:
“Globally there's $540bn in remittances, and $70bn in fees. If we could get rid of that, and just do it through bitcoin, […] then we'd add about $70bn in cash to those countries.”
Even though affordable remittances is one of the more obvious applications for digital currencies, and one that could help humanity, it too is riddled with regulatory pitfalls that have prevented several efforts so far, thanks to money laundering and terrorism financing concerns.
Then there is regular e-commerce on a smaller, yet international, scale. Bitcoin allows small amounts of money to be sent anywhere at almost no cost, which could be a boon for anyone in the developing world with something to sell – whether it's a manufactured product, creative work or service that can be arranged or delivered online. Even a few more dollars here and there could lift a lot of people out of poverty.
ZipZap's role
For payments like those above to work, especially remittances, there needs to be reliable on and off ramps at each end. ZipZap aims to be the facilitator for this, working not just with bitcoin, but also Ripple and other digital currencies.
“ZipZap is currently focused only on the on-ramp,” said Safahi, “but in the next few months we have plans to offer cash-out options, in 90-plus countries.”
There's also a need for education. Money-changers and taxi drivers on the streets of Buenos Aires might love bitcoin, but there's still a lot of curious people who need to be guided gently into what sometimes looks like a daunting new system.
“When I got into the Internet in the early '90s,” Safahi said, “there was a saying that everyone needs a brother-in-law in the Internet business, someone you could go to, to ask all those kinds of beginner questions.”
“Now everyone needs a brother-in-law in the bitcoin business, he continued. “We want to be that person, to educate and teach them. So we're not going after high-frequency traders, we're going after noobs, first-time buyers, making it really easy for them to buy their first $15-$20 worth of bitcoin.”
Added Safahi:
“At the [CoinSummit] conference, Andreas Antonopoulos told me he bought his first bitcoins through ZipZap […] Imagine how many more Andreases we could be cultivating if we were bringing more people into the ecosystem.”
Familiar systems
ZipZap has tapped into an existing payment option that's very popular in Brazil known as Boleto Bancário or just Boleto – a payment ticket system allowing customers to print receipts and pay with cash at over 3000 convenient outlets like post offices, banks, even some stores. You can also transfer funds online from a bank account.
“Familiarity breeds trust, so if we tap into a system they're already used to, it's much easier to gain trust,” Safahi said.
“Brazil's just our first stop in Latin America, in the next few weeks we're adding about eight more countries including Peru, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, and others,” he went on. “Our goal is to really go deep and go heavy into Latin America.
“Our goal is to build a network and encourage people to use it for remittances. Even if we don't go after the remittance market directly, we want other people to build solutions for it on top of our railway.”
Rest of the world
ZipZap is also active in other regions, and is talking to people in places like India and Southeast Asia, to name a few. Safahi says he doesn't subscribe to the notion that you should find one physical location and focus on it. Bitcoin's ever-changing regulatory environment makes it unwise for a company to put all its resources in one place.
“That's what you have to do to build this kind of thing,” said Safahi. “The corridors have to be built on both sides and conditions can turn on a dime. You have to be ready to do business in multiple locations.”
Funding and locations
ZipZap is funded primarily by Blumberg Capital and TriplePoint Ventures. It's undergoing a seed extension round to facilitate growth in these new markets – not just Brazil, but the UK and even the US. It then hopes to go for Series A funding after a few more months.
This means the new international focus isn't going to divert ZipZap's attention away from the UK. On the contrary, it plans to announce a deal with a new payment processor in the coming week and is maintaining its relationship with PayPoint.
On top of that, it's already formed a new entity in nearby e-commerce and gambling haven, the Isle of Man.
“We're not down,” said Safahi. “It's going to take a lot more than that to get us out of the UK. And Isle of Man is really interesting. They're very friendly with bitcoin.”
The company looked at other small jurisdictions, from Gibraltar to Singapore, but settled on the Isle of Man due to its “progressive” approach to technology and banking, as well as its proximity to the UK and Ireland.
“We're doubling down on the UK. We're not going anywhere.”
São Paulo street image via Shutterstock
Most college graduates are looking for the best way to build their careers. Some may find themselves shifting careers once to twice, because they believe that following an unconventional path is the way to success.
Here are some practical tips for young professionals building their careers:
1. Always show gratitude. A gracious way to live is to start by always saying gratitude. Even a little act of kindness from a colleague must be reciprocated thru email or text, or by simply saying Thank You while smiling. A simple handwritten card can go a long way, even if it's old fashioned.
2. Remember this, too, shall pass. This is something very useful to remember most of the time. It is a very humbling experience to always think that whenever something good or something bad happens, it will soon pass. Be grateful when things are good. And be grateful for the things that are good when other things are crumbling around you.
3. Never expect someone else to support your interests or meddle with your own life decisions. The bottom line is that you know yourself and you know what's best for you. Other people can help you but you need to make good decisions based on your judgement.
4. Maintain your professional reputation. Instead of burning bridges with your colleague, you should be able to cultivate your past relationships to your colleagues. Sooner or later you can cross paths with them.
5. Remember three positive things that happened to you during the day, every night before you sleep. This good habit is one of the many proven ways to attract success.
6. Be confident. You have to be confident with the skin you're in. It will spur the same confidence others will have in you.
7. Surround yourself with the right people. The best people to be around are people who bring out the best in you, nurtures and encourages you.
8. Be generous with yourself. Do not take yourself for granted but always be practical. Take your health seriously.
9. Understand that job interviews are a two-way street. Remember that companies don't just choose you, you also choose them. You should consider if there's an opportunity for career growth.
10. Mistakes can be gifts. Don't be afraid to make them. Just try not to make the same one twice.
11. Be your true self. Avoid making decisions out of peer pressure. Be yourself and be confident with your own decisions.
Do you know other helpful career tips for millenials? Do share in the comments below.
Researchers from Hospital de Navarra then examined death rates in the group, with a total of 337 participants dying during the period.
Those drinking coffee regularly had the lowest death rates, with the strongest links found among older participants.
Researchers from Hospital de Navarra then examined death rates in the group, with a total of 337 participants - around 1 in 60 - dying during the period.
Those drinking coffee regularly had the lowest death rates, with the strongest links found among older participants.
Lead author Dr Adela Navarro said she believed the antioxidants in coffee, which come in the form of polyphenols, which caused the effect.
“I would advise drink plenty of coffee, it could be good for your heart. I think it's a good idea to have about four cups a day,” she said.
"I think it's the polyphenols, they have an anti-inflammatory effect.
The study involved those aged between 25 and 60, with a median starting age of 37.
They were tracked for up to 14 years.
10:21:21
HALLSure. So first, on the note that the Alliance for Biking & Walking is a coalition of state and local bike and pedestrian advocacy organizations, we do have some members in Idaho. The reason Idaho is interesting is they have a law that folks like to call the Idaho Stop Law which permits cyclists to treat a red light as a stop sign and a stop sign as a yield sign. And so what that means is if a cyclist comes to a red light, they can stop. If there's no one around, no pedestrians and no cars that would have the right-of-way, they can go through as if it were a stop sign. If they come to a stop sign and it's a similar situation, no one else has the right-of-way, they can treat it as a yield sign.
When we talk about money, we tend to treat the bills in our wallets and the numbers in our accounts like a grandmother might treat a new iPhone: Why ask how it works when it works so well?
It's why those in the know may be a bit confused by all the questions most people have about Bitcoin, the volatile digital currency that is now as ubiquitous as it is misunderstood. Chief among these questions is the most basic: How does it work?
Bitcoin largely works like the U.S. dollar. A central force stymies how much money is in the market and this certain level of scarcity retains its value. In the case of the dollar, it's the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury that decide how many dollar notes are allowed into the ether, which currently stands at roughly $1.2 trillion. With Bitcoin, however, the controlling figure is not a bank but an algorithm.
There are 21 million Bitcoin in existence. There will (if the currency's creator/s Satoshi Nakamoto is to be trusted) always be 21 million Bitcoin. The reason you can still go out and buy Bitcoin today is the way it is “mined.” Without getting too bogged down in the technical details, you can earn Bitcoin by allotting a computer to help find the “address” of Bitcoin; the money isn't so much being created by computers as it is being “found.” The more processing power you have (your graphics card is especially important), the more equations you can solve, the more Bitcoin you can locate and retrieve. Only 11 million Bitcoin have been found and it gets harder and harder to find them everyday.
But why? Why bother hunting for Bitcoin at all? Isn't it just made-up Internet points?
And here's where economists tend to shrug: the money you use everyday is much like Bitcoin. We agree the U.S. dollar has value and accept it as payment for all debts public or private. Bitcoin likewise has value because merchants—from the mundane to the scandalous—are accepting it as payment. So if you believe it has value, it has value.
If that sounds ridiculous, that's because it is. But it's also the way the world economy works.
But Bitcoin—after crashing then recovering bringing down the nation of Cyprus then recovering again—suddenly finds itself not so alone in this brave new world of digital monies. 2013 saw the rise of Bitcoin's two major competitors, Litecoin and Ripples. Both use a similar method of mining and keeping the number of Litecoins and Ripples minimized. The end of 2013 saw the unlikely rise of Dogecoin and 2014 has already brought us Coinye (a cryptocurrency named after Kanye West that hopes to find niche markets) and the Ron Paul Coin, a coin devoted to that lovable, libertarian imp.
OK, so first we just get to “decide” what has value, and now you want me to believe digital coins named after memes and rappers are the future of commerce! That's ridiculous!
And it is!
But it's also how the world economy works!
So if money has value because we accept that it has value to us as individuals and merchants, what happens if/when some of us decide a different kind of money has value instead? What happens when we want to use Bitcoin to pay bills and Dogecoin to wager bets and Coinye to by new music?
Then we have something that looks an awful lot like a market. Monopolizing a market effects currencies differently than it does businesses. If a cable company has a monopoly, it gives them full control of their own pricing without the worry of competitors. If Bitcoin has a monopoly, it becomes a bit useless. It can't raise it's own value because that would mean destroying some Bitcoin, possibly causing a “run” by miners. It can't create more Bitcoin because that will only devalue the currency that's left over. In fact, due to the very nature of how Bitcoin is earned, most people will be priced out of earning it at all sooner rather than later.
And here is where competition actually helps Bitcoin. In the early days, Bitcoin miners could be any script-kiddie with half a brain and an economics textbook. Now, mining Bitcoin requires some significant processing power. The more Bitcoin that is mined overall, the more power needed to reach the remaining Bitcoin. While devoting entire machines to this process may be a reputable investment for some, most people would rather stick with working for a living thank you very much. The more people leave Bitcoin as an operation, the less valuable it becomes.
But if entirely different cryptocurrencies arise with lower exchange rates and easier costs of entry, miners can begin to behave less like prospectors and more like traders. So mining Bitcoin isn't working out for you? Try mining FedoraCoin, which you can slowly trade into the Deutsche eMark, then Earthcoin, then maybe you can turn those coins into the equipment necessary to locate Bitcoin and Litecoin. Smaller currencies get a chance to grow (maybe even take over the larger currencies) while new players get a vehicle to mine the big currencies. Without the benefit (or hamperance) of geography and politics, the only thing that stops any digital currency is simply how popular it can make itself.
Don't get me wrong: the whole thing is still really, really ridiculous. And even Bitcoin is not the safest place to hedge your savings (no market this volatile ever is). All that stands between Bitcoin and obscurity is a strong-enough DDoS attack. But if this is the strange, new world of magical interweb money we choose to live in, let's dance in the glory of its variety. Even Dogecoin points to a future whereby you can actively affect how far a dollar goes.
Illustration by Jason Reed
Turntable is proud to announce our first ever Winter Music Festival, which starts today. We'll be hosting a virtual concert each weekday throughout December. Log on to turntable.fm all throughout december to hang out with the following artists:
12/3, 11 pm EST - 3LAU
12/4, 3 pm EST - Diamond Rings
12/4, 10 pm EST - Paper Diamond
12/5, 4 pm EST - Sirah
12/5, 6 pm EST - Aer
12/5, 8 pm EST - Fareoh
12/6, 4 pm EST - Capital Cities
12/6, 9 pm EST - The White Panda
12/7, 3 pm EST - Sammy Adams
12/7, 4 pm EST - The Mowgli's
12/7, 7 pm EST - Nikki Reed & Paul McDonald
12/10, 3 pm EST - Tech N9ne
12/10, 3 pm EST - Umphrey's McGee
12/10, 5 pm EST - Becky G
12/10, 8 pm EST - The Hood Internet
12/11, 3:30 pm EST - Colbie Caillat
12/11, 6 pm EST - The Ready Set
12/11, 9 pm EST - Lady Antebellum
12/13, 2 pm EST - Owl City
12/13, 4 pm EST - The Jane Doze
12/13, 7 pm EST - Greyson Chance
12/14, 4 pm EST - Wick-It the Instigator
12/14, 6 pm EST - Mimi Page
12/16, 7 pm EST - Boys Like Girls
12/17, 6 pm EST - Matt + Kim
12/17, 8 pm EST - Midi Matilda
12/18, 3 pm EST - Crossfade
12/18, 4 pm EST - Deuce
12/18, 6 pm EST - Bury Me A Lion
12/18, 7 pm EST - Work Drugs
12/19, 6 pm EST - As I Lay Dying
12/19, 8 pm EST - Chester French
12/20, 3 pm EST - Eve
12/20, TBD - Archie and Aylen
12/21, 7 pm EST - Nico Vega
12/21, TBD - Rebelution with The Aggrolites
We have unlimited seating, but the first 200 people to arrive will be able to chat directly with the artist. It'll be a lot of fun! Do us a favor and reblog this post to get the word out! (Also be sure to check back to the original post, as we'll be updating the TBD times as they get filled in.)
As Apple has been removing popular apps in Iran from the App Store, the company has been sharing a message with developers saying that U.S. sanctions are the cause of the issue.
The New York Times reports that a popular app in Iran which was similar to Uber was pulled from App Stores today. In previous weeks shopping and food delivery apps have also been removed. Apple is reportedly now “…moving aggressively to shut down Iranian apps.”
Here's the information that Apple has been sending to affected developers:
Under the U.S. sanctions regulations, the App Store cannot host, distribute or do business with apps or developers connected to certain U.S. embargoed countries.
NYT writes that due to the U.S. sanctions, Apple doesn't operate any official business in Iran or have an Iranian App Store. However, millions of iPhones are smuggled in to the country and developers use other countries' App Store to create and share apps.
One business owner whose app was removed wrote the following:
“We work so hard, and have to fight all the time, and now this,” he said in an interview. “No one with an iPhone can download any of the popular apps any more. Imagine if in the U.S. you wouldn't be able to get Uber on your phone.”
Interestingly, Google interprets the U.S. regulations differently than Apple and is taking the following approach:
Google, which allows Android developers to publish apps in Iran so long as they do not involve purchases, does not appear to have taken a similar action against Iranian apps in its Play store, and its formal Play guidelines allow apps to be distributed in the country.
Earlier in the year Apple removed The New York Times apps in China due to violation of local regulations. Late last month, Apple began removing VPN apps from the China App Store, sharing with developers that it was due to illegal content being contained in the apps.
Our Benjamin Mayo noted:
Apple wants to be a big player in China and staying on the good side of government is in its best interests, as it looks to the emerging middle class as a growth opportunity for iPhone sales. The company announced a new VP position dedicated to managing Apple's operations in China earlier this month.
Apple declined to comment on the issue to The New York Times.
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Windows 10 Fall Creators Update is the next major update that Microsoft is planning to release in September. That's not a mistake, Microsoft is reusing the same "Creators Update" naming for this next update, and it will include a new focus on bringing Windows experiences to iOS and Android devices.
Microsoft is detailing its Fall Creators Update on stage at Build this morning, and the company is demonstrating four key new additions:
Timeline is a new feature that improves the Task View area to provide a list of apps and workspaces that you were using previously or on other devices. Think of it like a time machine for resuming old sessions. Timeline also combines with a new Pickup Where You Left Off feature to let you resume sessions and apps on multiple devices.
This new pick up feature is particularly useful on mobile devices, where Microsoft hopes app developers will start to link their desktop apps to resume experiences on devices like an iPhone or Android handset. Microsoft is also creating a cloud clipboard that will roam across Windows, iOS, and Android to let people copy content from a PC and paste it on a phone. It's very similar to Apple's Universal Clipboard.
Microsoft is also including OneDrive Files On-Demand with the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update. It's not a full return of placeholders, but it will let you easily fetch files from OneDrive without having to sync them or download entire folders.
A new Fluent Design, previously codenamed Project Neon, will be part of the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update. Microsoft has started converting some of its apps to Fluent Design, and it's the company's effort to move beyond its previous Metro user interface. Microsoft isn't revealing all the features in the Fall Creators Update today, so expect to see more surprise additions before its expected release in September.
Bernie Fraser resigns as chairman of Climate Change Authority
Posted
Former Reserve Bank governor Bernie Fraser has resigned as chairman of the Climate Change Authority (CCA).
Mr Fraser was the first person to hold the position when he signed on for a five-year term in 2012.
He leaves the role two years early.
Recently, Mr Fraser criticised the Federal Government's post 2020 emissions reduction targets, saying they fell well short of international benchmarks.
In August, the Federal Government announced plans to cut emissions by 26 to 28 per cent by 2030, based on emissions from the year 2005.
Mr Fraser said in a statement the CCA recommended reductions of 45 to 63 per cent by 2030.
The CCA labelled the Government's emission reduction targets "substantially weaker" than its recommendation and said it believed Australia would "slip further behind the efforts being made by comparable countries".
Environment Minister Greg Hunt thanked Mr Fraser, saying he has had an outstanding career in public service.
Topics: climate-change, environment, australia
The Argentine allegedly hurled verbal abuse at the Malaga defender and, after they squared up, the Barcelona attacker was shoved to the floor via his throat
Malaga centre-back Weligton claims Lionel Messi called him a "son of a wh*re" and that is why he threw him to the ground in Wednesday's 0-0 draw.
Javi Gracia's men were the first team of 2014-15 to deny Barcelona all three points, as last season's La Liga runners-up failed to register a shot on target at La Rosaleda.
Tensions overflowed late in the game when Weligton appeared to grab Messi by the throat, with the Argentine attacker subsequently falling backwards to ground.
Barça players were pleading with the referee to send the Brazilian defender off for his actions, though he only received a booking, but Weligton has hit back by insisting that Messi initiated the confrontation by hurling verbal abuse at him when they squared up in the 81st minute of the game.
"I tried to prevent him from passing the ball and, after the move finished, Messi turned to me and called me a son of a wh*re," the veteran centre-back, 35, told Cope.
As well as Weligton going into the referee's book, Gerard Pique was yellow carded for his over-the-top remonstrations for the Malaga man to see red.
Messi has so far not responded to Weligton's allegations that he insulted the Brazilian.
Barça remain top of La Liga with 13 points after five games, ahead of second-placed Sevilla on goal difference, while Malaga are placed 10th with six points.
From the wild banquets and gory anatomy lessons of Peter the Great, to the fashionistas and nymphomaniac empresses of the 'petticoat period', and to the assassinations of the 19th and 20th centuries, being a member of Russia's ruling dynasty was never for the faint-hearted.
The reign of the Romanovs lasted 304 years—from 1613 until the Russian revolution in 1917—producing rulers like Peter the Great and Catherine the Great, whose names still resonate around the world today.
Simon Sebag Montefiore's new book, The Romanovs, chronicles the lives of these megalomaniacs, monsters and saints, and finds that despite their obvious wealth and power, it was hard being a tsar. In fact, six of the final 12 were murdered.
'This is a family in which fathers killed their sons, sons killed their fathers, wives killed their husbands—and all of those happened in one century,' Montefiore tells Late Night Live.
PETER THE GREAT (1682-1725)
Montefiore describes Peter the Great as essentially a military autocrat, who changed the destiny of Russia with his victory over Sweden at the Battle of Poltava. Another lasting legacy was his construction of St Petersburg.
'He forced people to move there,' Montefiore explains. 'He designed everything. He was into the detail.
'He used to stand at a stand-up desk and used to scrawl in his handwriting orders to do everything. He used to say, "If you don't do this, I'll literally come and punch your face in." He used to take his ministers by the scruff of their neck and beat them.'
Peter was also obsessed with the human body and medical technology. 'When he was in Holland he loved going to see bodies being dissected. He insisted on biting them to see if their texture had changed,' Montefiore says. 'He was fascinated when he beheaded people to see if they stayed sitting up for a long time after their head came off.
'When he had his mistress Mary Hamilton beheaded he lifted up her beautiful head and gave a lecture to the audience, a medical lesson on anatomy, which shocked even the Russian crowd. Then he kissed the head on the lips and dropped it and went back to work.'
He was famous for wild banquets in a clubhouse called the Jolly Company. 'They were forced pleasure. You had to drink so much that you could pass out on the table,' Montefiore says.
'They had naked girls jumping out of pies, they had dwarfs being tossed, they had dwarfs dressed as old men, old men dressed as dwarfs, many of them naked except for a bishop's mitre carrying dildos on a cushion. It was a kind of mock religious ceremony as well.'
Peter is also remembered for his cruelty towards his son Alexei, who had very different ideas for Russia, according to Montefiore. He wanted to move away from St Petersburg, to dismantle Peter's fleet, to not go to war all the time, and to not bring so many westerners into Russia.
'The son was weak and was terrified of his father—rightly as it turned out—so he ran off and fled to Europe,' Montefiore says.
'Peter had him hunted down. He was lured back by promises and then immediately arrested. Then Peter led a Stalin-like case against his son, who was tortured and tortured and tortured until he died, and Peter visited him that day for more torture. He basically killed Alexei.'
ELIZABETH (1741-1762)
Peter was succeeded by his wife, Catherine, whose rule Montefiore describes as chaotic and frivolous. More impressive, he says, was Peter's daughter, Elizabeth, sometimes known by English historians as Elizaveta. She came to power during a century of mostly female Russian rulers, an era that has become known as 'the petticoat period'.
'There was nothing mediocre about her,' Montefiore says of Elizabeth. 'She was known as the Russian Venus, she was so beautiful, but you didn't want to cross her. She was very much Peter the Great's daughter.
'She was an early fashionista. She loved haute couture, and when she died there was something like 6,000 dresses in her cupboard.
'If anyone was a nymphomaniac it was not Catherine the Great, it was the gorgeous Elizaveta, who had multiple lovers—uninhibited.'
CATHERINE THE GREAT (1762-1796)
The best-known female ruler of Russia, of course, is Catherine the Great. She came to power after her husband Peter III was murdered in a coup, and became known as one of the great women of history. According to Montefiore, rumours of her promiscuity were largely exaggerated: though she was 'highly sexed', she was really a serial monogamist whose relationships with men often had a political edge.
'She started off with Grigory Orlov, who helped bring her to power,' he says. 'When he proved rather lazy and rather uninterested in hard work, she found [Grigory] Potemkin, who was 10 years younger than her but was her equal in brilliance, intelligence, statesmanship. Potemkin founded Odessa, Sebastopol, all these southern cities. He took Crimea. They had this amazing love affair as well.
'I think this is the most successful partnership in history between a man and a woman. Forget Antony and Cleopatra or Napoleon and Josephine. This is it.'
It's believed Catherine and Potemkin were married in secret. While the pair effectively ran the government, the empress also had a series of young lovers.
'She spent her time with them teaching them the classics, reading Tacitus together, gardening, inspecting the gardens, they walked beside her,' Montefiore says. 'They were increasingly young. The age difference got bigger and bigger. But they had no power or significance at court. They ran nothing—Potemkin ran the government with Catherine.'
After Potemkin's death, Catherine took up with a man more than 40 years her junior. 'She was in her late 60s. Her lover was 21. So that's a bit of an age difference,' Montefiore says. 'I don't criticise her for it—she did it because she could.'
ALEXANDER I (1801-1825)
Montefiore says Alexander was a beautiful man, blue-eyed, tall and blond, a rock star of his day, with many mistresses.
'Women literally threw themselves at him everywhere. He got very sick of having women throw themselves at him, rather like a rock star. But his mistresses never gained any power or importance at all.'
Alexander was immortalised in Leo Tolstoy's 1869 novel War and Peace and its subsequent adaptations, including a recent TV drama produced by the BBC. But Montefiore worries these representations undersell the emperor's achievements.
'The tsar of War and Peace, especially in the BBC version, is a complete popinjay and a useless character,' he says. 'The real tsar Alexander I had an amazing career.
'He basically colluded in the killing of his own father, Paul the Mad, who was beaten in the face with a huge snuff box and then strangled. He had a particular psychology—the psychology of a man who's killed his father.
'He also fancied himself as a commander in chief, which he wasn't. He was a disaster at the battle of Austerlitz. But he learned, and by the time Napoleon invaded Russia, he'd become an impressive statesman.
'What you don't see in War and Peace is that he put together an army that marched all the way across Europe, defeating Napoleon, and took Paris. He is one of the greatest of the Romanovs and was capable of impressive statesmanship.'
NICHOLAS I (1825-1855)
Alexander was succeeded by his brother, Nicholas, who Montefiore says was a 'pretty talented autocrat really'.
'He's normally regarded as a rigid, slightly monstrous martinet, but actually he was very well suited to being an autocrat.
'He ran everything himself. He wanted to run Russia like Peter the Great did. But in the end his rigidity told and he failed to reform Russia.
'He became deluded by success. He was, after all, the son of Paul the Mad.
'In the end he made a terrible mistake going into the Crimean War against the two great industrial powers of the western world, Britain and France, and he lost and died in misery. But he was a pretty impressive character for much of his reign.'
ALEXANDER II (1855-1881)
In Montefiore's view, one of the most underestimated tsars in Russian history is Alexander II, who survived several assassination attempts before being killed by bombers in St Petersburg.
'Alexander II really used autocracy well to negotiate the freeing of the serfs in 1861,' he says.
'He became the tsar emancipator, the tsar liberator, just at the same time as Lincoln, who was also assassinated.
'He then was overcome by the expectations of more reform, more liberalisation. He stepped back and this outraged liberal opinion and terrorist factions began to hunt him down to kill him.
'They believed that killing the tsar would accelerate liberty and the bringing of reform. But Alexander II really wanted to bring in a constitution. He was, I think, an impressive character.'
NICHOLAS II (1894-1917) and his children
The Romanov dynasty all but ended one night in 1918 when Nicholas II and his entire family—including the small children—were murdered in Yekaterinburg, almost certainly on Lenin's orders.
The tsar had abdicated after the February 1917 revolution, but was later captured by the Bolsheviks. Montefiore says the family were probably expecting to be rescued by the White Army or sent to live in exile somewhere in Europe. Only at the last moment would they have realised they were about to die.
'It's really unbearable reading the story of the massacre, because it was so bungled,' Montefiore says.
'They'd smuggled a huge amount of Romanov jewellery out of St Petersburg with them when they were into exile and they'd sewn these into their underwear. This underwear was incredibly heavy but it was also a sort of diamond-studded bullet-proof vest they were all wearing.
'When they were shot, the bullets bounced off the diamonds. They didn't die. When they were stabbed with bayonets, the bayonets glanced off them. They were finally killed with shots to the head and frantic stabbing.'
Montefiore says he believes this may be the origin of the rumours that some of the Romanov children survived.
Other relatives of the Romanovs are scattered around the world. Until last year, a descendant of Alexander III had been living in the Northern Territory town of Katherine. Montefiore, however, hasn't researched these far-flung branches of the family.
'I stop when power stops.'
Listen to the full interview Tuesday 23 February 2016 Simon Sebag Montefiore joins Late Night Live. More This [series episode segment] has image,
Subscribe to Late Night Live on iTunes, ABC Radio or your favourite podcasting app.
Former White House Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon retains deep admiration for his former boss, President Donald Trump, according to Keith Koffler's new book titled Bannon: Always the Rebel.
“There's a phrase I'm going to use that will shock you, that you never thought anybody would put together: Donald Trump and moral courage,” Bannon explained to Koffler in July 2017. “I have never seen someone I admire … more than Trump.”
Bannon returned to his position as Executive Chairman of Breitbart News after he stepped down in August 2017.
Koffler, a former White House reporter, shares several conversations he had with Bannon in his upcoming book.
Bannon explained that Trump stayed true to most of his agenda, despite pressure from the media and establishment political figures to change.
He said:
“The pressure on Trump right after he won was amazing, intense, and from every different direction—from the business community, from his friends, from the tech community—to moderate, to change, to not do this, to not do that, to go be loved, to do a whole lot of other things…than what he committed to the American people, to the ‘deplorables.'” Trump stuck to the commitments he ran on. “That is the story of this administration. I've had a ringside seat.”
Bannon acknowledged that Trump had a wide variety of advisers from many different backgrounds and political instincts, because he enjoyed hearing the contrasting ideas.
Koffler writes:
As Bannon put it, Trump “comes to his conclusions by the Socratic method.” The opinions he seeks are not just those of the Washington insiders. “What he does is a continual questioning of a wide range of people. He'll ask the experts, but he will get opinions from his friends, from various business colleagues, people he respects.” He's also not bound by conventional thinking. “He'll ask off-the-wall questions about things,” just to probe all the angles and find an original approach. “He doesn't just absorb information by…getting 200- page briefing papers.” Bannon argues that contrary to what Trump's critics think, his manner of gathering information and coming to a conclusion is “very learned and very deep, and par- ticularly learned in the understanding of human nature and of how the world works, which to me, is everything.”
Bannon: Always the Rebel is available for purchase at bookstores and online.
Black women in the District suffer from obesity, diabetes, heart disease and generally poor health in alarmingly high numbers, and white women do not.
That is the finding of a study released early today by the Kaiser Family Foundation. The study said there is a large disparity in the incidence of certain chronic diseases between black and white women.
Kaiser's study was based on data compiled by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the federal Current Population Survey from 2004 to 2006. The study reflected health statistics in the states and the District.
In the District, the study also found wide gaps between black and white women in the incidence of other illnesses such as cancer and HIV and AIDS. According to the study, black women's poor health is tied to low education, poverty, unemployment, stress, bad living conditions and poor health care coverage.
Black women's health in the District also compared unfavorably with that of other minority women. According to the study, 36 percent of black women were overweight or obese, compared with about 10 percent of Hispanic and Asian women in the city. More than 7 percent of black women suffered from diabetes, compared with 2 percent of Hispanic women and 3 percent of Asian women. Fewer than 1 percent of white women suffered from diabetes, and 7 percent were overweight or obese.
"Black women in the District are really struggling," said Cara James, a senior policy analyst at Kaiser and the study's lead author. "This is a chronic condition that we know is related to poverty and the availability of nutritious food and the opportunity to exercise."
Personal responsibility among black women is an issue, but so is the government's responsibility to "make sure that people understand the importance of exercising and doing exercise and also to make sure that neighborhoods are safe to walk," James said.
A quarter of black women in the District live below the poverty line, defined as an income of $19,000 a year for a family of four at the time of the study. About 14 percent of black women in the city had no high school diploma, one of the lowest percentages in the Washington area.
James acknowledged that comparing black women's health with white women's health in the District is somewhat unfair, as the city's white women tend to be among the healthiest and wealthiest in the nation -- "the valedictorians of the class" when it comes to health, James said.
In Maryland and Virginia, disparities between black women and white women were narrower. In Maryland, 37 percent of black women were overweight or obese, compared with 21 percent of white women, according to the study. In Virginia, the rate was 36 percent for black women and 17 percent for white women.
The disparity between black and white women for diabetes was also narrower in the neighboring states than in the District, as was the cancer mortality rate. In the District, the cancer mortality rate was 204 per 100,000 black women and 137 per 100,000 white women. In Maryland, the cancer mortality rate was 191 per 100,000 black women and 166 per 100,000 white women. In Virginia, the cancer mortality disparity was slightly greater than in Maryland.
In the District, the incidence of new HIV/AIDS infections for black women -- 176 per 100,000 -- was far larger than for any other group of women. The rate for Hispanic women was 48 per 100,000, according to the study.
A D.C. government study this year said the city's overall AIDS prevalence rate was 3 percent, the highest in the nation. In Virginia, the rate is 31 per 100,000, and in Maryland, the rate is 68 per 100,000.
The District's health director, Pierre Vigilance, said the city is working to address the disparities.
"We understand that health disparities cut across different lines -- race, socioeconomic status -- and it's unfortunate that we're in a district where the burden of those problems are borne out more," Vigilance said. "We've been doing more to look at how to address access to more health care for women, and especially mothers."
James said the District should be credited with those efforts. "D.C. has done a good job with lowering disparities in health coverage," she said. "But it's not sufficient to eliminate disparities."
That the crowd event necessitates the party is Dean's main point, and there is a lot she has to say in this regard. She moves on from her analysis of crowds to a discussion of Badiou's theory of the subject, connecting it back to her own development on the theory and reinforcing the claim that the party is necessary to provide a political subject for the rebellious crowds. She points out, by engaging with analyses of the Paris Commune, the ways in which theories of the carnivalesque, pure rebellion, the “beautiful moment” of crowd chaos, are all insufficient for a productive politics since, without a party project, these crowd moments are easily absorbed and indeed promoted by what she calls “communicative capitalism.” In her quite brilliant intervention with Kristin Ross's anarcho-communist analysis of the Paris Commune (that, following the Situationists, celebrated the carnivalesque aspects of the rebellion while rejecting the politics of the mature Marx) Dean concludes:
Ross positions the ‘half-real, half-fantastic' crowd as an alternative to a politics rooted in the well-defined interests of the class. It's not an alternative. The beautiful in-between of infinite potentiality can't last forever. People get tired. Some want a little predictability, reliable food sources, shelter, and medical care. Others realize they're doing all the work. Without a politics that targets capitalists as a class, the rest of us continue to be exploited… Common work, knowledge, achievements, and resources are expropriated from us and channeled into the coffers of the very, very few. (Dean, 142)
Hence the party becomes the necessary moment that produces the political subject of the collective, that declares meaning on an event. Without it there is transitory rebellion that lacks revolutionary direction. The party “is a form for the expression and direction of political will. It concentrates disruption in a process in order to produce political power: these acts are connected; they demonstrate the strength of the collective. It endeavors to arrange the intensity unleashed by the crowd, to keep it present as fervent desire.” (Ibid., 158)
But it is here, despite all the excellent arguments Dean has made for the necessity of the party (I particularly like her notion of “enlarging the world”), that we reach an impasse. Indeed, rather than continue with a summarization of Dean's arguments regarding the party's necessity that remain firmly ensconced within theoretical debates about the concept (which admittedly possess their own importance) I want to step outside her discussion of the party's necessity and political subjectivity so as to ask: what does this party look like concretely? This is a question that Dean cannot answer satisfactorily.
First of all, she treats the party's relationship to state power as a non-issue, or at best an issue that is not immediate. Barely dealing with Lenin's arguments in State and Revolution, despite her use of Lenin elsewhere, she claims that “[t]o worry about our seizing the state, then, is a joke, fantasy, and distraction from the task at hand… What matters for us here and now is the galvanization of political will.” (Ibid., 150) But the galvanization of political will without a revolutionary strategy (and a revolutionary strategy always has to do with the question of state power) transforms any party politics into a sequence without a destination. We're catapulted back to the problems caused by her conception of “the communist horizon” and expected to believe that these will solve themselves without a partisan strategy. But as T. Derbent and others have pointed out, any and every revolution movement must think the problematic of revolutionary strategy far in advance or it is disqualified as a revolutionary force.
Which leads to the second problem: without bothering to think through the problem of capturing or not-capturing state power, but instead delaying this problem until a time when we are ready (when we have galvanized the political will), Dean in fact ends up implicitly endorsing the revolutionary strategy of insurrectionism without thinking it through. [This was, of course, my argument in “Quartermasters of Stadiums and Cemeteries” and Dean's Crowds and Party has confirmed my earlier critiques.] We cannot help but be struck by the ways in which she describes the insurrectionary logic imposed on the Paris Commune and derived from the October Revolution as fundamental to her description of crowds necessitating parties and parties giving meaning to crowd rebellions. Indeed, she valorizes the insurrectionary moment where the military sides with the people, as if this is not an option foreclosed in modern capitalist modes of production where the military has become something different. (Ibid., 128–129) The trajectory is linear and its dialectic is one dimensional, a single line snapping back upon itself: crowds emerge, necessitate a party, a party either emerges or a pre-existing party is consummated, and in retrospect the meaning of the crowd event is ordered according to political subjectivity. Party elements might precede a rebellion; they give this insurrection a political dimension and then declare the meaning of the rebellion in fidelity to the event. But what about other movements of crowds that are not found in Occupy and the rebellions touted by the very social media networks Dean problematizes? What about people's wars that can unleash multiple and disparate crowd events, claim still more, double-back, spiral, blossom a growing circumference of counter-hegemony while also growing a party core? But such a strategy is one that ties organization to the capture of state power in a different way than the theory of insurrection, and it is the latter that Dean assumes is normative while simultaneously decrying any discussion of state capture.
The third problem, then, is that Dean's consideration of the party is that it is more idealist than materialist. While it is indeed important to point out the ways in which the party is not about membership, and is in fact a significant theoretical concept (which, to be fair, is what my essay is also about), there are points where Dean seems to imply that the growth of party cadre is less important than the party as an idea: “Marx describes the Commune as a glorious achievement of ‘our Party.' This is not a descriptive empirical claim regarding membership in a political organization. It is the point from which he responds to the subjectivization effected by the Commune event, positioning it within a process oriented to justice.” (Ibid., 149) Although it may be the case that crude empiricism should be avoided, and that the meaning of the party concept should be preserved over and above a role call of party members, in concrete terms there can be no effective party without dedicated party cadre. Unless we are to imagine that the party is just an idea that will impose itself on the collective will of crowds in revolt, party membership is required. Dedication to such political project will make it sustainable beyond each and every revolt; the party (or parties) cannot exist as a one time event or it will collapse the moment the rebellion from which it was imagined also collapsed.
Fourthly, when she does engage with concrete examples, Dean tends to seek justification for the communist party's necessity in the business of revisionist parties. It is in fact truly bizarre that in the fifth chapter of Crowds and Party (Ibid., 209–250) Dean attempts to find the meaning of party political subjectivity in the experience of Communist Party-USA cadre in the 1970s. This was a time when the anti-revisionism of the New Communist Movement temporarily eclipsed the stale party politics of the CPUSA, along with its contemporaries throughout the world, so as to demonstrate that political subjectivity was being mobilized in other party projects. In this period it was not a partisan of the CPUSA, devoted to the peaceful co-existence with capitalism thesis, that was communicating with rebellious crowds but in fact those engaged in projects such as the RU/RCP-USA and other anti-revisionist eruptions. [To be clear, I am not arguing that we should support the RCP-USA now which, in my opinion, has degenerated into a Marxist cult.] In 1977 in the US the meaning of the CPUSA partisan was made clear: an individual outside of struggle, unable to declare meaning upon any crowd event, a depressing fossil. The brief moment of anti-revisionist struggle was in fact a transitory opening of party necessitation because it had penetrated further into the masses by communicating with the crowd struggles unleashed in the 1960s. But maybe Dean's temporary flight back into the arms of a moribund party project is telling; it informs us that, as she herself warned at the outset of her book, she is not necessarily interested in defining the communist party as vanguard. If the qualification of vanguard is unimportant, then one might as well treat the CPUSA as significant in a period where its previous claim to vanguard status was ameliorated: they are no more or less important than those party projects eclipsing them, briefly pulling in the more advanced activists of the working class.
[In fact, Dean seems to be unaware of the New Communist Movement in that she sees “the shift in radical politics” where the concept of the party was replaced with movementism as “marked by ‘1968'.” (162) But the end of the New Left in 1968 actually resulted in nearly twenty years of a return to the party form with the anti-revisionist movement that erupted throughout the world. Indeed Wang Hui recently wrote of the significance of 1968 in terms of the Cultural Revolution and its effect on the worldwide radical movement. Hence, the “turn[ing] away from party politics” happens in the mid-1980s when the NCM collapses, not as early as Dean suggests.]
Fifthly and finally, Dean's refusal to endorse a vanguard conception of the party has to do with an attempt to shoe-horn every disparate struggle into a vague communist project. She complains about a “left realism” that is fragmented into “an ever-expanding array of populist, liberal, progressive, trans, pluralist, green, multiculturalist, anti-racist, radical democratic, feminist, identitarian, anarchist, queer, autonomist, horizontalist, anti-imperialist, insurrectionist, libertarian, socialist, and communist persuasions.” She treats this fragmentation as “symptomatic of such a realism… [that is premised on the assumption] that collectivity is undesirable and that collectivity is impossible.” (Ibid., 67) Her desire, as opposed to this identity politics of difference and separation, is solidarity; but we should ask what this solidarity means. There is, after all, a reason why the revisionist parties were rejected in the 1960s-70s by the anti-revisionist movement: the solidarity they demanded was a solidarity with the peace of capitalism, a refusal to grasp the explosion of new and rebellious movements. Dean is correct to recognize that a politics that begins by focusing on difference rather than solidarity will be doomed to failure, but it is also correct to recognize that a project of solidarity must begin by drawing clear lines of demarcation in the realm of politics and deciding upon what must be excluded from this basis of solidarity. Beginning with a big tent socialism of the 99% will ignore all of these distinctions that will, if forced into a false unity, produce the most cynical form of solidarity: my comrades are not imperialists, racists, homophobes, TERFs, misogynists, etc. And any movement that attempts to enforce a solidarity between all of these contradictions, thereby ignoring the material fact of actual oppression and exploitation, will possess the most cosmetic unity and collapse under the weight of its multiple contradictions, incapable of generating actual solidarity.
John Adams believed Independence Day would become a great anniversary festival. He was right. July fourth is the central holiday of the summer. Post solstice, on this day folks celebrate with pomp parades, sports and games, the cracking of rifles, the blaze of bonfires and the pop, flash and fizzle of fireworks. It is a fun day, a great day — full of cheer and a collective expression of solidarity.
My family and I have developed our own unique tradition to ring in the declaration that officially split American colonies from the British empire: We escape.
We wake early, pack our gear (water, cold beer, fried chicken, cheese and fruits), brew some coffee and with a caffeine high we hop in the family wagon and make our way to a National Park. Theme song of the day? Well, for me, it is of course Born Country, by Alabama: “I was born country and that's what I'll always be, like the rivers and the woodlands wild and free.” We live in Knoxville, Tennessee so we frequent the Great Smoky Mountains. When liberty is the theme of the day, makes sense to us that we should spend said day in wilderness.
In wilderness we live in wildness, that's what I like to say. We live in liberty, absent of control and administration from the hierarchies that organize human civilization. It's nice to forget about the woes of society, instead we respect the territory of the black bear. It is interesting every year, the bears authority always seems legitimate — I thank them for reminding me of freedom.
I love wild lands. I am fortunate enough, in my 31 years, to have traveled the political boundaries of the United States six times. The great American road trips! Coast to coast, across mountains, deltas, deserts, rolling hills covered in sage brush, the wide open prairie, scab lands and bad lands, big horns and big sky, mighty sequoia's, majestic redwoods, canopied poplars the mighty Pacific and the growing Atlantic — I've never met a wild land I didn't admire.
I admire wild lands because of their refuge. They remind us of what makes life worth living: Liberty. Among the mixed deciduous forest, under the canopy of poplar, oak, hemlock and spruce, a rich, harmonious chorus of leaves, wind, insects, small mammals, larger beasts, trickling springs, roaring rivers and childlike laughter fills the forest. There is excitement, danger, solitude, cheer and a common connection in wild lands. My heart beats proudly for humanity in open spaces. Here we are, traveling around the sun, building our lives with each other on an ancient Earth for just an instant in deep time. I can think of nothing more inspiring or beautiful than that.
So, for me, the old saying from American anarchist and conservationist Ed Abbey rings true: A patriot must always be ready to defend his country against his government.
In protecting country from government, we protect ourselves from tyranny. The greatest gift wild lands provide is the ability to reflect upon our own societies so we may craft a civilization worthy of wilderness — worthy of freedom and the advancement of human liberty.
I've often thought, the National Parks, though under government control, offer a model of liberation. Open spaces anywhere else, be it mountaintop removal coal mining across Appalachia, Resolution Coppers impending assault on holy Apache lands in Tonto National Forest, tar sands mining in the great Boreal forests, oil spills on the coasts, development on wetlands, growth machines on all hinterlands, and so on, are under the extreme archism of the corporate state — modified forever, taken from future generations and lost to the commons. National Parks were secured by a grand preservationist movement. These naturalists did not much care to talk about what governments ought to do, but rather what they ought not do. Environmental achievement was obtained by pronouncing the splendid beauty of natural ecosystems, the challenges facing nature, and the innate need to protect wild spaces.
We have a right to claim our governance, thus we have a right to preserve our common lands. National parks are a reflection of this — one step closer to reclaiming the commons.
Just like our mountains and rivers, our societies need change. Deep-Ecologist Gary Snyder, in his essay, The Etiquette of Freedom, describes, in great detail, the need to reclaim the words nature, wilderness and wildness — and it is in wildness that we will discover untamed liberty.
Nature, of course, is the collective physical world — all landscapes and seascapes, all flora and fauna, free of development. Wilderness is uncultivated land, in a natural state, liberated of human behavior. Wildness, however, is the ultimate practice — a praxis of liberty. Wildness, according to Snyder, is the quality of being wild or untamed. Snyder notes that human beings are indeed wild, but this does not mean disorderly. In fact, he argues that wildness will lead to a highly ordered society where our relationship with nature will be interactive, thus allowing the construction of durable social systems. This is also an idea explored by naturalist anarchist Peter Kropotkin in his book, Mutual Aid – A Factor of Evolution [PDF]:
In the animal world we have seen that the vast majority of species live in societies, and that they find in association the best arms for the struggle for life: understood, of course, in its wide Darwinian sense – not as a struggle for the sheer means of existence, but as a struggle against all natural conditions unfavourable to the species. The animal species[…] in which individual struggle has been reduced to its narrowest limits[…] and the practice of mutual aid has attained the greatest development[…] are invariably the most numerous, the most prosperous, and the most open to further progress. The mutual protection which is obtained in this case, the possibility of attaining old age and of accumulating experience, the higher intellectual development, and the further growth of sociable habits, secure the maintenance of the species, its extension, and its further progressive evolution. The unsociable species, on the contrary, are doomed to decay.
There is indeed mutualism everywhere in nature, just as in human society, but the concept is absent from systems of power and domination. If we are to take preservation of the natural environment seriously, it is our duty to abandon such systems as they represent the unsociable species — they restrict human innovation, exacerbate environmental change and are composed of a ruling caste who seek first and foremost their own preservation. Simply, they are doomed to decay — and thus our message along with them.
Liberty, in its purest form, seeks the elevation of human society along with the natural world. Conservation and sustainable resource use would re-organize our neighborhoods. We would be free to labor in our own communities, craft our own institutions and own the means of our production. We would have a mutual relationship with our surrounding ecology, where we could receive beneficial ecosystem services such as air and water purification, flood control, carbon sequestration, psychological benefits and much more simply by conserving natural areas.
The natural world would benefit from being liberated of sprawl. Complex ecosystems (even in urban areas) would be left intact. In such an order species decline would be mitigated by the protection and restoration of natural habitat. Furthermore, the more decentralized our societies, the more we are liberated from institutions that seek maximum utility of resources. Our communities will flourish when liberated of growth.
On the fourth let's celebrate country, but turn our backs to the state. Love of country and love of community have nothing to do with allegiance to government, but rather faith in an informed conscience in spite of government. Discover the wildness that awaits you — we'll be right behind you, in liberty.
Advertisements
Select Page 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Setup 3 - The Highest Playable Settings High-End 4 - The Highest Playable Settings Midrange 5 - Apples to Apples 6 - SSAA and Snow Performance 7 - Image Quality 8 - Conclusion
Date: Monday , July 22, 2013 Author: Grady McKinney Editor: Brent Justice
Company of Heroes 2 Performance and IQ Review Today we dive into Company of Heroes 2 and examine its real-time strategy graphics. We are using a full lineup of NVIDIA GeForce GTX 700 series video cards, alongside AMD's high-end and midrange video cards. This DX11 game looks to push the fastest hardware on the market to its limit with its demanding SSAA settings.
Introduction
On June 25th, 2013 Company of Heroes 2 was released. Company of Heroes 2 is a real-time strategy game and the sequel to the first Company of Heroes game that was released in 2006. The game is developed by Relic Entertainment and published by SEGA. It received a Metascore of 80/100.
Company of Heroes 2 follows the story of a soviet army lieutenant, Lev Abramovich Isakovich about his experiences in World War 2. The game begins in Russia, with us defending against the German soldiers who are trying to invade Moscow. After combating them during the campaign, we begin pushing German soldiers back into their country. We continue to follow history until the end of the game where the Russian forces are taking over the Reichstag building in Berlin, Germany.
Relic Entertainment designed Company of Heroes 2 using the Essence Engine 3.0. It is the first game to be designed using the Essence 3.0 Engine. This is also a big step forward compared to Company of Heroes 1 which utilized the Essence Engine 1.0. The Essence Engine 2.0 was used for designing Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War II back in 2009. Essence Engine 3.0 features DirectX 11 support. There are also improvements made to the line-of-sight technology which allows for a more accurate display of a units visibility range depending on the type of unit and weather conditions. Essence Engine 3.0 also brings a new type of technology called ColdTech to the table. This is a weather-simulating technology that creates more realistic obstacles and destructible environments. One of the key features to this technology is that units will create unique tracks in the snow, which stay for the entire map. No other real time strategy game has incorporated this technology.
Unfortunately our multi-GPU enthusiasts will be disappointed to note that Company of Heroes 2 does not currently support either SLI or CrossFire. This is a direct explanation from Relic:
"We're basically doing GPU calculations for the snow to allow unlimited 3D deformation of footprints/tank traps anywhere you walk that are persistent for the entire match and the overhead of transferring data from one GPU to the other basically negates the benefit of a 2nd GPU."
This isn't to say that multi-GPU may never be available, but at the current time and for the foreseeable future, do not expect to use CrossFire or SLI in
Company of Heroes 2 Graphics Settings
The graphics options in Company of Heroes 2 are short, sweet, and to the point.
Anti-Aliasing : AA is going to be our number one most demanding graphics option in Company of Heroes 2. It can be enabled at low, medium, and high, and can also be disabled completely. Enabling low AA will provide users FXAA. This is relatively free of performance solution to AA. When we turn medium AA on, we are receiving both FXAA and 2X SSAA. With 2X SSAA everything is being rendered at 225% the selected resolution and being resized back down to the selected resolution. Enabling high AA effectively turns on 4X SSAA alongside FXAA. This will render the image at 400% the selected resolution and then resize it. To be explicit, 1920x1080 will become 2880x1620 with AA set to medium and 3840x2160 with AA set to high.
There will be a patch sometime this week that will update the tool tip to better explain the games anti-aliasing. Relic also let us know that patch will not have any impact on the performance of the game or the image quality.
Image Quality : This setting has many options. It can be enabled at minimum, low, medium, high, higher, and maximum. This setting effects the overall quality of the game, with higher settings adding more features such as shadows to make the game look better. We never had to decrease image quality off of maximum.
Texture Detail : This setting has four options. Low, medium, high, and higher. Texture detail reduces the blurriness when zooming in on units, because it loads the units with larger textures. This setting will weigh more on video cards that do not have a lot of video memory.
Snow Detail : This option can be set to low, medium, or high. It selects the method for displaying snow tracks. Low and medium determine the detail of the tracks being made by units in the snow. Enabling high snow detail will allow deformation of the terrain. High is only available for DX11 capable video cards. This setting is the second most demanding graphics option behind AA.
Physics : This setting can be enabled at low, medium, and high. It can also be disabled. Physics (not to be confused with NVIDIA's PhysX) will determine how realistic the simulation of dying units is. This option also takes a larger performance hit on the CPU than on the GPU.
Game Resolution : This option can be set to 50%, 66%, and 100%. By default it is set to 100%. This allows less powerful GPUs to render the game at either 66% or 50% of the display resolution, and then stretch it to fit while still having a 1080p HUD with clear text. This is specifically for older GPUs, we leave this setting at 100%.
Testing Company of Heroes 2
To test Company of Heroes 2 we first played through the entire game. We looked for scenes, levels, or areas which produced lower framerates than others. Our run-through takes place on the level "Panzer Hunting," which is the 8th mission out of 14 total missions. Our testing procedure takes place in the middle of the level. After we march north with our forces chasing the Tiger tank to the airstrip. After commandeering the Tiger, we start our testing procedure. We have to fight off an ambush from several enemies while we repair the tank. After getting our tank to full health, we head out. We are immediately engaged by 3 tanks, meaning lots of explosions, fire, and smoke. The army is also constantly moving through snow, which means more and more tracks and more demanding performance. We proceed through the town in the middle of the map, killing off another 2 tanks and destroying surrounding buildings. We finish our run-through after fighting off remaining forces and running some of our ground troops across a mine field, which creates several explosions and simulates lots of dying units.
The entire run through takes between 5 and 6 minutes to complete. While users can control a free camera by holding ALT button and moving the mouse, we used the default camera angle and scrolled out to the farthest distance, which allows us to see more of the map and play the game how most players will play it. Zooming all the way in to fires or smoke will bring down the performance no matter what GPU set up you are running. We also kept our entire army on screen as we moved through the level, to stress the performance as much as the game will allow. We found that most video cards became playable and smooth in when averaging around 45 FPS. There are a few instances where slightly lower framerates were playable, but require certain video settings in order to be considered thus.
German Chancellor Angel Merkel attends debates at the Bundestag that centered on Germany's refugee policy | Getty Merkel faces grassroots mutiny on refugees The normally popular chancellor is told her refugee policy is failing Germany.
Angela Merkel heads to Brussels Thursday under increasing pressure from her own conservative base to take drastic measures to limit the flow of refugees into the country.
At a meeting of her Christian Democratic Union in Saxony late Wednesday, the German chancellor came under fire as local officials implored her to reinforce Germany's borders.
"Your party is no longer our CDU," Michael Weickert, a Leipzig city council member, told the chancellor.
The comment was a reference to Merkel's pronouncement last month that a Germany that didn't welcome refugees would "no longer be my country." One dissident held up a sign demanding that Merkel be "dethroned." Other participants called her refugee strategy a failure and questioned her commitment to serving Germany.
"My service to Germany is that I try to give honest answers," Merkel countered.
The heated meeting, ostensibly held to discuss ways to modernize the CDU's program, was dominated by the refugee question, reflecting the deep political challenge Merkel faces in her own camp to win support for her refugee policy.
Bavarian state premier Horst Seehofer, Merkel's conservative ally and her most prominent critic on the refugee question, renewed his critique of government's handling of the crisis on Thursday.
"What people need is action," not reassurances and warm words, he said in Munich. He warned that Germany and Europe faced a "grandiose failure" if they didn't find ways to limit the number of refugees.
Merkel, speaking to the Bundestag Thursday morning before heading to Brussels, reiterated her conviction that the crisis could only be confronted through international cooperation in what she called a "historic test" for the EU. She also stressed Turkey's "key role" in finding a solution. She is due to travel to Istanbul for talks with Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Sunday.
Other measures to secure the EU's external borders should include staffing up the EU border service Frontex and the introduction of so-called "hotspots" where arriving refugees can be housed, registered and their claims for asylum assessed.
At the same time, Merkel said, one shouldn't make the mistake of focusing exclusively on movement between Turkey and Greece, stressing the importance of cooperating with all transit countries, including North African states, which will be on the agenda of a special EU summit on migration to be held in Malta in November.
Once more, the chancellor indirectly criticised EU countries which have been hesitant to help deal with the influx of refugees. "I expect from this Council that everyone will contribute something," she said, to applause from parliament.
This article was updated to correct the destination of Merkel's Turkish trip to Istanbul, rather than Ankara.
Do yourselves a favor and immediately click on the 15-second teaser above to make your Wednesday infinitely more incredible. It's a Sarah vs. Rachel face-off and, like all episodes, our money will always be on Sarah.
After entering a pristine office with a gun in hand, it's clear that Sarah is not there to play nice with the pro-clone. "Good you made it," Rachel taunts. "You're not going to shoot me, Sarah." So what does our most kickass clone do? Sarah smacks the crap out of her, of course!
Once Rachel is firmly pinned to the ground, she threatens, "Nobody lays hands on me!" With the gun pressed firmly against Rachel's temple, Sarah quietly tells the smug blonde exactly what she doesn't want to hear: "You don't own us."
The Rt. Hon. David Cameron
Prime Minister of the United Kingdom
10 Downing Street
London SW1A 2AA
Great Britain
Via facsimile: (+44) 2079250918
April 2, 2013
Dear Prime Minister Cameron,
You recently spoke out in defense of press freedom in Africa by raising the case of an imprisoned Somali journalist when you met with Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud. The journalist was subsequently released. The moral authority of a British prime minister to mount such a defense stems in part from Britain's history of nearly 300 years without government regulation of the press.
The deal your government has struck with the opposition, in the wake of the Leveson report, to introduce a royal charter establishing the details of press regulation could erode that authority.
Britain has been a beacon of press freedom globally, particularly in those Commonwealth countries that inherited the British parliamentary and legal models. Any attempt, no matter how well-intentioned, to embed press regulation in law has far-reaching implications for press freedom across much of the world.
It is the job of journalists to hold governments to account and thus ensure the full participation of citizens. A natural antagonism therefore exists between the press and those in power--but in some instances, governments seek to pass legislation to restrict the media and even criminalize investigative reporting. It would be highly regrettable if such leaders could point to the British parliament as precedent for introducing statutory media controls or regulations.
For example, the African National Congress has proposed statutory measures, including a media tribunal, to control a South African press it accuses of being incapable of managing "irresponsible" members through self-regulation. Any move by Britain toward legislation can only be a source of encouragement to South Africa's would-be media regulators and of deep concern to its independent journalists.
Journalists in other African countries, including Botswana, Tanzania, and Uganda, have voiced similar fears that Britain is sending the wrong signal to political leaders who would like nothing better than to rein in irksome reporters. Within the European Union, the leaders of Hungary, who have been roundly condemned for their repressive 2011 Media Act, would doubtless take heart from British lawmakers taking a first step down the path of media regulation.
At least one Russian lawmaker has already seized on the British example to propose the creation of a Russian media regulator. Aleksey Mitrofanov, head of the information policy, technology, and communications committee in parliament, told journalists last month that Russia should delegate a commission with powers to censure, fine, and even close down news outlets, bypassing the judicial system.
The proposals in Britain are nowhere near as draconian as this, but they send the wrong message. Many responsible journalists in Britain acknowledge the sins of Fleet Street, but most argue that these can be addressed through existing legislation. Use the criminal law to prosecute criminal behavior; make the civil law more accessible to the victims of unscrupulous newspapers; and do not try to impose standards of fairness and accuracy in newsrooms through statute.
The proposed arbitration mechanism has also been widely criticized. Those news organizations that opt out of the mechanism face the prospect of "exemplary damages," a concept that reminds us of Hungary's unpalatable media law in its potential to foster self-censorship and chill investigative journalism.
We understand that reform of libel laws in England and Wales is close to being enacted after years of parliamentary work and public campaigning. As you have rightly stressed, political maneuvering around the post-Leveson press regulation ought not to jeopardize a much-needed Defamation Bill that would end Britain's invidious reputation as the libel tourism capital of the world.
Lord Justice Leveson acknowledges that self-regulation is the best option for a truly independent press. The so-called statutory underpinning that he proposes to enable self-regulation does not necessarily violate international standards on press freedom, but runs counter to bedrock principles of a democracy.
Prime Minister, we urge you to take a step back from the current proposals, which do not take into account the implications for press freedom beyond Fleet Street. Online journalists and bloggers and those outside the London-based, national newspaper establishment need to have their voices heard too. The haste with which this deal has been put together leaves too many unanswered questions.
Journalists, especially those working under authoritarian regimes, are watching and hoping that their colleagues in Britain can find a better solution than regulation anchored in law. Mr. Cameron, we think that in the interests of global press freedom, you should allow them the opportunity to do so.
Sincerely,
Joel Simon
Executive Director
CC List:
The Rt. Hon. Nick Clegg MP, Deputy Prime Minister
The Rt. Hon. Maria Miller MP, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport, Minister for Women and Equalities
The Rt. Hon. William Hague MP, First Secretary of State and Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs
The Rt. Hon. Hugo Swire MP, Minister of State at the Foreign & Commonwealth Office
The Rt. Hon. Chris Grayling MP, Secretary of State for Justice
The Rt. Hon. Edward Miliband MP
The Rt. Hon. Harriet Harman QC MP
The Rt. Hon. John Whittingdale MP
Neelie Kroes, Vice-President of the European Commission (digital agenda)
Viviane Reding, Vice-President of the European Commission (Justice, Fundamental Rights and Citizenship)
Nils Muižnieks, Council of Europe Commissioner for Human Rights
Dunja Mijatovic, OSCE Representative on Freedom of the Media
Baroness Catherine Ashton, EU External Relations Commissioner
(CNN) As President Donald Trump announced on Thursday that America is leaving the Paris climate accord, CNN's Fareed Zakaria had something to say.
"[T]his will be the day that the United States resigned as the leader of the free world," the host of "Fareed Zakaria GPS" asserted.
Fareed Zakaria on Trump and climate accord: This could be the day the US resigns as leader of the free world https://t.co/TTwMoMjqEn — CNN (@CNN) June 1, 2017
Zakaria continued, telling "The Lead" anchor Jake Tapper: "The irresponsibility of this act is breathtaking, because the Paris climate accords are actually extraordinarily flexible. They do not dilute American sovereignty. They allow every country to make its own plans. That's why countries that have jealously guarded their sovereignty -- like China, like India, like Russia -- have all signed on."
Vogue might want to take a lesson in drumming up buzz from its younger sister, Teen Vogue.
While Vogue is getting all sorts of flack from the left for heralding Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid as the poster children for gender fluidity (ha), Teen Vogue has infuriated the right with a candid, health-oriented guide to safe anal sex.
Related: “Teen Vogue” published an exhaustive guide to anal sex, and the Internet is having a tizzy
Among those outraged over Teen Vogue's sex ed piece is “The Activist Mommy,” who filmed a video of herself burning the magazine in a campfire while decrying that the editors' brains are “in the gutter.”
Now that's good marketing!
Related: Mother-of-ten burns a copy of Teen Vogue's anal sex guide in amazing video meltdown
One of those gutter-brained editors, out Digital Editorial Director Phillip Picardi, recently went off on a Tweet storm about the backlash, and it is definitely worth a read.
Scroll down to see what he has to say:
If it's ok with you guys, I'm gonna TALK ABOUT ANAL SEX FOR A WEE LIL THREAD. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
We published a 411 on Anal Sex story on @TeenVogue as a continued part of our sex education coverage. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
I monitor the webmaster email and have been inundated with hate mail saying we promote sodomy and want teens to get AIDS. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
It's funny, because I went to Catholic high school and had 0 sex education. I also had a teacher tell me gay sex was a sin in God's eyes. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
Fast forward to frosh year of NYU, me crying at Callen-Lorde Community Health Center, bc I'd just slept w someone who I found out was HIV+. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
The kind folks at Callen-Lorde taught me about HIV/AIDS, what it is, and how it's contracted. They also told me to get tested regularly. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
They also explained the concept of HIV stigma, and that HIV and AIDS are two different things. And that HIV is not a death sentence. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
Then they taught me the importance of safer sex, and what I needed to know in particular as a gay man. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
I left a 40-minute doctor's appointment with more life-saving information than I ever received in all my years of private school education. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
You see, my Catholic school was guilty of endangering all of us by sheer omission of FACTS. EDUCATION doesn't equal ENCOURAGEMENT. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
Multiple studies have shown abstinence-only sex-ed is linked to higher rates of STIs and teen pregnancies. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
TBH, it is IRRESPONSIBLE. How can you possibly expect teenagers to practice safe sex if they don't know what's at risk? — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
How can you expect young women to not get pregnant without access to reproductive health care? — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
The backlash to this article is rooted in homophobia. It's also laced in arcane delusion about what it means to be a young person today. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
If I had today's @TeenVogue and @VeraPapisova when I was a teen, I would have been so much safer and better off. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
Instead, I made mistakes that consisted of quite a few doctor's appointments! But I'm ok!! — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
But until queer sex, love, and families are included in education, we're doing a dangerous and potentially lethal disservice… — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
to a growing population. Gen Z will be our queerest and most fearless generation yet. — Phillip Picardi (@pfpicardi) July 14, 2017
FAIRFIELD, Alabama -- Mayor Kenneth Coachman said today he wants the Alabama Ethics Commission to look into whether votes by members of the City Council giving themselves and city residents amnesty on delinquent garbage bills represented a conflict of interest.
"We've got to get to the bottom of this," Coachman said. "How can you do this with no conscience?"
The council voted 4-1 at a called meeting Wednesday night to forgive about $806,000 in delinquent garbage bills owed by about 2,500 residents.
The households of five council members were listed as behind on their garbage bills, including those of Ves Marable, Frederick Scott and Ronald Strothers. All three voted for the amnesty and accounts for Scott and Marable appear to be years in the arrears.
Two others, William Murray and Jerry Yarbrough, owed money but abstained from voting.
Scott, who had the highest household bill at $693, said Thursday he had spoken with officials with the League of Municipalities and felt confident there is no conflict.
"It is not an ethics violation," Scott said. "This is not a situation that involved only the council, it involved 50 percent of the city."
Councilman Primus Mack first raised the issue at the meeting and questioned whether council members should vote on amnesty if they owed money. "I don't think it's fair that you should be able to vote and you owe," Mack said.
Accounts for Mack and council President Eldridge Turner were current.
The monthly garbage bill in Fairfield is $12, but is paid quarterly at $36. There is a $5 late fee.
Marable, who records show owed $472, made the motion for a vote on the amnesty. He said beforehand the council should give residents relief before it decides to increase fees or privatize garbage service. Such a move would encourage them to pay in the future, he said.
Coachman said residents and business have been calling City Hall to complain over the council's action.
"People who have paid are complaining and want to know how the city can give amnesty in the financial shape it is in," Coachman said. "How can you justify this?"
While defending the Medicare GP co-payment, PM Tony Abbott calls Labor the 'most irresponsible opposition in Australia'.
EXCLUSIVE: Patients will face a $45 gap fee to see a doctor within three years and there is nothing the Senate can do to stop it.
Health Minister Peter Dutton has found a way of bypassing the parliament to implement one of the biggest of his planned cuts to Medicare.
The freeze on the indexation of the Medicare rebate is estimated to save the government $1 billion of the $3.5 billion it wants to save from Medicare by 2017-18.
Unlike the other measures the government has outlined — the $5 cut to the Medicare rebate and the requirement of a doctor see the patient for at least 10 minutes — indexation needs no regulation or legislation.
REVAMPED GP POLICY: AMA predicts a $10 co-payment, not $5
MEDICARE CO-PAYMENT: The Prime Minister's changes to $7 plan
This means there is no way the Senate can block the move and the savings are locked in for the government.
The government was last week forced to ditch its unpopular $7 GP fee because it could not get it through the Senate where Labor, the Greens and the Palmer United Party opposed it.
Mr Dutton outlined the indexation freeze, the $5 cut to the Medicare rebate (estimated $1 billion saving) and the 10 minute minimum time limit (estimated $1 billion saving) on a GP visit last week to make up the lost savings when the fee was killed.
These measures are all being opposed by the Senate but Mr Dutton has found a way around it.
“If you are pausing indexation then no change is made to the existing schedule. So no action is taken or required. No amendment is made to the existing schedule,” a spokesman for Health Minister Peter Dutton told News Corp Australia.
COMMENT BELOW: Do you back freezing the Medicare rebate to save money?
Australian Medical Association president Dr Brian Owler whose organisation is also opposing the cuts to Medicare stressed his discontent in an email to doctors on Wednesday.
“The AMA is strongly opposed to all three measures in the Government's package that attack general practice”.
“This is a triple blow that will hit general practice like a wrecking ball. The AMA will do all it can to stop these destructive changes,” he said.
He earlier issued this warning: “What we do know is that the Senate is unable to block one of the key parts of the new policy — that being the freeze on all Medicare rebates,” he said.
The consequence for patients is that while their Medicare rebate is frozen for three years their doctor's fee will continue to rise by an average 2.5 per cent a year to cover rising wages and rents.
The AMA's recommended fee for doctors now worth $75 will rise to around $82 by 2018.
The Medicare rebate will, however, remain static at $37 leaving patients with a gap fee of around $45.
If the government is successful in getting its $5 rebate cut through the Senate the hip pocket hit will be even larger for patients.
Then the Medicare rebate will cut from $37 to $32 and frozen at that level leaving patients with a $50 gap.
If the indexation had not been cut or frozen the Medicare rebate would have been worth $40 in 2018 (rising from $37 because of inflation).
Pensioners and children aged under 16 are quarantined from the $5 cut to the Medicare rebate but the indexation freeze still applies to their Medicare rebate.
Professor Owler says the four year freeze on indexation follows a previous freeze imposed by Labor and means the Medicare rebate is “becoming meaningless in terms of the value of providing a service”.
“The only way GPs can cope is to pass the gap on to patients in the way of private billing and people need to be prepared for that,” he said.
Pensioners and children would not be immune from a copayment in time either because the freeze on the Medicare payments would eventually “put pressure on doctors to charge the patient something,” Professor Owler said.
Professor Owler has also taken a swipe at the government for its plans to slash the amount Medicare pays for shorter doctors consultations from January 19 when many doctors will still be on holidays.
“For a government that says is about small business this is a strange way to support small business,' he said.
“The Minister who stood up at the George Institute two weeks before the federal budget and said he wanted to build up general practice is now tearing it down,” he said.
Opposition health spokeswoman Catherine King said the imposition of the Medicare rebate freeze without parliamentary approval was “mean and tricky”.
“Tony Abbott doesn't have the courage to take his GP Tax to the voters or the parliament, so he is sneaking it through the back door,” she said.
Consumer's Health Forum chief Adam Stankevicius said with its freeze on rebate rates for Medicare services the government was “slowly twisting the knife that it plunged into the back of universal health care via its $5 GP rebate cut”.
“The rebate freeze extends beyond GPs, to specialists, allied health professionals, midwives and dental surgeons, which will result in compounding hip pocket pain for many consumers with a chronic illness.,” he said.
The title of this post kind of says it all. As pointed out by blockzuck.com, you can block anyone on Facebook except CEO Mark Zuckerberg. If you try to do it (we did), you'll get a message saying “General Block failed error: Block failed.”
This kind of thing is funny, and adds a little personality to the site. But Facebook is getting way too big and culturally important for things like this to continue. In 2005 it was cool for Zuckerberg to have a business card that said “I'm CEO…Bitch.” And we can forgive early Facebook engineers from perusing confidential user data in their leisure time. But it's time for this company to go through puberty and start acting more like a teenager than a fifth grader. If you want to block Zuckerberg, you should be able to block Zuckerberg.
I used DRA Labs' MLSSA system and a calibrated DPA 4006 microphone to measure the Dynaudio Focus 200 XD's frequency response in the farfield; and, for the nearfield frequency responses, an Earthworks QTC-40, which has a ¼" capsule and thus doesn't present a significant obstacle to the sound.
I measured the Dynaudio at its analog input. As the Focus 200 XD is a powered speaker, my estimate of its voltage sensitivity can't be directly compared with those I publish for conventional speakers. But with a pink-noise input at 115mV RMS, the 200 XD's rotary Speaker Position knob set to Neutral, its Treble switch set to 0dB, its sensitivity switch set to its central, 0dB position, and the volume control set to its maximum with the wireless remote control, the SPL at 1m was 88.5dB(C). This increased and decreased by 5.6dB when this last switch was set to +6dB and 6dB, respectively.
The 200 XD's enclosure was extremely inert with the knuckle-rap test, and when I examined the individual panels' vibrational behavior with a plastic-tape accelerometer, all I could find was a low-level mode at 59Hz (fig.1). Though this is suspiciously close to the AC mains frequency, I couldn't find any grounding problem that might give rise to humand I heard none.
Fig.1 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, cumulative spectral-decay plot calculated from output of accelerometer fastened to center of side panel (measurement bandwidth, 2kHz).
The black trace below 300Hz in fig.2 shows the complex sum of the nearfield responses of the woofer (blue) and rear-panel port (red), taking into account acoustic phase and the different distances of each from a nominal farfield microphone position. The sharply defined notch in the woofer's output at 42Hz suggests that this is the port's tuning frequency; the port's output peaks sharply between 30 and 70Hz, and though there are a couple of resonant modes evident between 400Hz and 1kHz, these are well down in level and shouldn't have audible consequences. Some of the boost in the upper bass in the summed response (black trace) will be due to the nearfield measurement technique, which assumes that the woofer and port are mounted in a flat baffle that extends to infinity in both planes. But the shape of the curve, and the >12dB/octave rolloff of both woofer and port below the port resonance frequency, imply that the Focus 200 XD's bass alignment is actually assisted with some bass boost.
Fig.2 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, anechoic response on tweeter axis at 50", averaged across 30° horizontal window and corrected for microphone response, with nearfield responses of port (red) and woofer (blue) plotted in the ratios of their radiating diameters, and the complex sum of the nearfield responses, respectively plotted below 1kHz, 300Hz, 300Hz.
The black trace above 300Hz in fig.2 shows the Dynaudio's farfield anechoic response averaged across a 30° horizontal window centered on the tweeter axis. Other than a slight lift in the mid-treble, the response is superbly flat, meeting limits of +2.3/1.8dB from 300Hz to 30kHz. This graph was taken with the Treble switch set to 0dB. The +1dB position raised the level above 2kHz by 0.5dB, and the 1dB position lowered the level by 1dB.
The 200 XD's horizontal dispersion (fig.3) is textbook in nature, with an even, well-controlled radiation pattern up to 10kHz or so, above which the speaker's output falls off more rapidly to the sides, as is typical of a 1" dome tweeter. In the vertical plane (fig.4), a suckout at the crossover frequency begins to develop 10° below and 20° above the tweeter axis, suggesting that listeners should sit with their ears close to or on the tweeter axis.
Fig.3 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, lateral response family at 50", normalized to response on tweeter axis, from back to front: differences in response 905° off axis, reference response, differences in response 590° off axis.
Fig.4 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, vertical response family at 50", normalized to response on tweeter axis, from back to front: differences in response 455° above axis, reference response, differences in response 545° below axis.
As I measured the Dynaudio at its analog input, which is subsequently digitized, I wasn't surprised to discover a latency of some 4ms between input and output. This can be seen in the speaker's step response at 50" (fig.5), where, instead of starting at around the 3.5ms mark, this corresponding to the distance divided by the speed of sound, the step begins closer to 7.5ms. But note the step's perfect right-triangle shapeto produce time-coincident arrivals of the drivers' outputs, the Dynaudio corrects for the fact that its tweeter's acoustic center is closer to the microphone than its woofer's. The cumulative spectral-decay plot (fig.6) features a superbly clean initial decay.
Fig.5 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, step response on tweeter axis at 50" (5ms time window, 30kHz bandwidth).
Fig.6 Dynaudio Focus 200 XD, cumulative spectral-decay plot on tweeter axis at 50" (0.15ms risetime).
To optimize its acoustic performance in both time- and frequency-domains, Dynaudio has made use of the fact that the Focus 200 XD is a powered speaker with both digital and analog inputs and DSP. Its measured performance is, in a word, superb.John Atkinson
On 1 September 2015, St. Paul's Lutheran Church, a congregation of the German Evangelical Lutheran Church in Ukraine (DELKU), in Odessa opened a kindergarten class. The school is name Theophil Richter. This is the first “Lutheran” school since the communist revolution in Ukraine. The Ukrainian government granted permission to begin a church based school on 12 July 2015. This is one of the few places in the former Soviet Union that has the freedom to begin a church based school. All of the school teachers are members of the Lutheran church.
Bishop Serge Maschewski of the German Evangelical Lutheran Church in Ukraine (DELKU) dedicated and opened the school with a Scripture reading and prayer.
Parents brought their children to the opening and dedication of the school
The children sang a song based off the old school songs from Prussia, which were appropriated for use by the Soviet Union. The song translated goes something like this:
Study is a hard word, discipline, no fun or excitement at all
Hard work
One must be a model citizen of the state
It was a great privilege to attend the opening of the Lutheran school in Odessa.
— Rev. Albert B. Collver, Ph.D., Director of Church Relations
With Alberta laid low by the oil price shock, British Columbia has fast become the economic promised land.
Vancouver, in particular. If you can afford to live there.
The latest Bay Street forecasts call for Canada's westernmost province to lead the country in economic growth.
Now, a new report from the Conference Board of Canada suggests Vancouver will lead all cities.
The group now projects that B.C.'s economy will lead all of the provinces both this year and next, with growth of 2.8 per cent in 2015 and 3.4 per cent in 2016, driven by solid gains in manufacturing and service industries.
Unemployment in the province, it added, will ease to 5.9 per cent by the end of next year, well below the projected national average of 6.9 per cent.
“Healthy advances in wages and salaries will provide support for consumer spending,” the group said.
“High housing prices, historically low interest rates, and steady demand for housing will be behind the elevated levels of buying and selling activity this year, lifting the financial services sector.”
Vancouver, in particular, is in for heady times, according to the study, poised for economic growth of 3.4 per cent this year and 3.5 per cent in 2016, which mean it will have eclipsed the 3-per-cent mark six times in seven years.
Personal per-capita income is projected to rise steadily, to almost $48,000 in 2019 from less than $42,000 last year.
Take that, Economist magazine, which recently labelled the city as boring.
Victoria's economy is also projected to grow, but by a lesser 1.4 per cent this year and 2.6 per cent next.
Of course, Vancouver's home prices are in the stratosphere, with some observers seeing an affordability crisis.
As The Globe and Mail's Brent Jang reports, the average price of a detached home in Greater Vancouver now stands at a record of almost $1.5-million, up 20 per cent in a year.
Even in the suburbs, valuations are topping $1-million.
LITHGOW'S famous Zig Zag Railway is one of our most important and internationally famous heritage tourism attractions. But it is facing serious problems, including a possible suspension of operations, unless funding can be found quickly for the first significant maintenance work on the basic infrastructure in more than 141 years.
The potential is so serious the tourist railway might have to be mothballed within 18 months.
“Unless some government department comes up with some funding we are going to be in trouble,” Zig Zag's Business Development Manager, Michael Forbes said yesterday.
To keep the Zig Zag tourist trains on the rails an injection of around $1.5 million is needed.
Mr Forbes said there is no danger to the public but the government's rail safety regulator has instructed the Zig Zag that maintenance work is needed on the number one viaduct and on the two tunnels.
He said that after 150 years exposed to the elements there was some weathering in the sandstone building blocks which need ‘surfacing and re-pointing'.
‘The reality is they need routine maintenance after all these years,” he said.
“But, having said that, like all tourist and mainline rail operations we need some relief from crippling demands made by the government's rail regulator.”
Mr Forbes said it was hoped to be able to carry out the required work on the tunnels within the next six to eight months but this would largely depend on the outcome of an application for funding to the Heritage Council of NSW.
The Zig Zag will know what the future holds in this regard when the next round of grants is announced in early December.
“If we don't get a grant then we have a big problem,” he said.
The even bigger problem is the estimated $1.5 million needed for the work on the actual viaducts.
Around a third of that is needed just for the hire of scaffolding.
Mr Forbes said the Office of Rail Heritage was spending most of its available budget on the Thirlmere Rail Museum and claimed the Zig Zag was the responsibility of the Lands Department.
http://www.lithgowmercury.com.au/news/local/news/general/crisis-time-at-zig-zag/2000433.aspx
Professional Clippers abound in the Emerald Triangle
Legalizing marijuana has become a question not if when (probably not in the next year but, almost certainly in the next twenty). The problem for Humboldt and the Emerald Arena is societal acceptance in the form of laws means economic breakdown. Or does it? Can this area capitalize on its marijuana expertise? According to an editorial in the Ukiah Daily Journal, it can.
The author, Janie Sheppard, speculates that economic laws as stated by Nobel Prize winner, Paul Krugman, indicate that areas of production center around areas of expertize i.e. the Netherlands and Tulips. In other words, the North Coast, long a center for illegal grows could become a center for legal production of marijuana if it capitalizes on the specialized knowledge of its people. One commenter to the editorial speculated, …”a million different opportunities will rise from the end of prohibition, everything from coffee-shops, head shops, delivery services, bakeries, hydro stores, etc. The taxes generated could be used to build our state into a self reliant super-economy.”
Our counties already have a base of knowledgeable marijuana professionals (yes, the word applies) these folks could start or man small businesses. Tourist industries, already a staple in this region could expand and small “winery” type grows that specialize in certain flavors or certain medicinal strains could become legal and licensed.
Taxes, licensing, following regulations and other legitimate debts will take a bite out of profits. Costs will drop but probably not precipitously as long as other states maintain laws against production (Worldwide legalization is ideal but not imminent.) Conversely, though, expenses associated with illegality i.e. money used to conceal production, lawyer fees, etc. will drop.
If we start a conversation now on how to work within the probable new laws (and even work to ensure the new laws don't result in financial catastrophe for areas of the Emerald Arena), we might not just survive the change, we might flourish.
A mistake in the rule that says you can't deduct State income tax prepaid in 2017 [updated 1/3/2019]
Victor Thuronyi Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 17, 2017
[As explained below, there was a technical error in the 2017 Republican tax bill relating to the limitation on the deduction for State income tax. The loophole created by this error allowed individuals to prepay 2018 tax in 2017 and take a deduction in 2017. The Tax Technical and Clerical Corrections Act Discussion Draft, as published by outgoing Ways and Means chair Brady on Jan. 2, 2019, fixes the mistake identified by this article. However, the question remains whether this technical correction will be included in any technical corrections legislation to be enacted in the new Congress. Anyone who prepaid 2018 State income tax in 2017 and took a deduction on their 2017 return might want to contact their member of Congress. Please note that this issue is unrelated to deductions for property tax prepaid in 2017, which raise different concerns.]
The intent of the conferees seems pretty clear: the writers of the Republican tax bill don't want taxpayers taking a deduction in 2017 for state income tax that is not due until 2018. Otherwise, taxpayers could make payments before Dec. 31, 2017, and claim a deduction in 2017, thereby avoiding the limitation that would apply in 2018. Here is how the conference report explains it:
“The conference agreement also provides that, in the case of an amount paid in a taxable year beginning before January 1, 2018, with respect to a State or local income tax imposed for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, the payment shall be treated as paid on the last day of the taxable year for which such tax is so imposed for purposes of applying the provision limiting the dollar amount of the deduction. Thus, under the provision, an individual may not claim an itemized deduction in 2017 on a pre-payment of income tax for a future taxable year in order to avoid the dollar limitation applicable for taxable years beginning after 2017.”
The only problem is that the statutory language does not correspond with the above explanation of the conference report. Here is the statutory language:
SEC. 11042. LIMITATION ON DEDUCTION FOR STATE AND LOCAL, ETC. TAXES.
(a) IN GENERAL. — Subsection (b) of section 164 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph:
‘‘(6) LIMITATION ON INDIVIDUAL DEDUCTIONS 2 FOR TAXABLE YEARS 2018 THROUGH 2025. — In the case of an individual and a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026–
‘‘(A) foreign real property taxes shall not be taken into account under subsection (a)(1), and
‘‘(B) the aggregate amount of taxes taken into account under paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) of subsection (a) and paragraph (5) of this subsection for any taxable year shall not exceed $10,000 ($5,000 in the case of a married indi vidual filing a separate return). The preceding sentence shall not apply to any foreign taxes described in subsection (a)(3) or to any taxes described in paragraph (1) and (2) of subsection (a) which are paid or accrued in carrying on a trade or business or an activity described in section 212. For purposes of subparagraph (B), an amount paid in a taxable year beginning before Jan uary 1, 2018, with respect to a State or local income tax imposed for a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, shall be treated as paid on the last day of the taxable year for which such tax is so imposed.''.
(b) EFFECTIVE DATE. — The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2016.”
I bolded the language that is supposed to implement the rule that you can't take a deduction in 2017 for 2018 taxes prepaid in 2017. I could spend a lot of time parsing through this confusingly drafted provision, but let's just focus on one thing. Notice that the bolded language is part of a new paragraph (6) of section 164. Read the introductory language of that new paragraph (6). It says: “ In the case of an individual and a taxable year beginning after December 31, 2017, and before January 1, 2026”. What this means is that, by its terms, the provision applies only for taxable years beginning after 2017. Whatever the bolded language means (its meaning is not clear to me), it applies to 2018, not 2017. So despite what the explanatory statement in the conference report hopefully says, the provision by its terms does not apply to 2017. This is also clear from the bolded language which, by its terms, applies only “for purposes of subparagraph (B).” In other words, the rule in the bolded language does not apply for any other purpose, such as denying a deduction for 2017, as the conference report explanation would have it. (The fix would be pretty simple. Change “subparagraph (B)” to “this section” so that the bolded language would read: “For purposes of this section,…”) Maybe the conferees can scribble this in by hand.
Absent such scribbling, what can taxpayers do? Can you take a deduction in 2017 for taxes you prepay in 2017? Perhaps, if the conference report is passed as is. (There are a couple of issues. First, your state has to let you pay 2018 estimated tax in 2017. This may not be the case for all states; it is not the case for all jurisdictions in the case of property tax. Second, there is an issue as to whether the deduction is allowed. The conferees' explanation of the TCJA certainly seems to assume that a deduction would be allowed. There does not seem to be much authority on this, the general principle being that a deduction for estimated tax is allowed if the estimated tax is paid in good faith, as this would be as long as the amount is a reasonable estimate for 2018. But some may question whether one can go into the next taxable year. Is this truly a payment of a tax, or is this just a deposit?) Also, a technical corrections act passed in 2018 might fix this mistake (with retroactive effect) — or not. On the other hand, despite the uncertainty, one approach may be to make the payment and take the deduction on the basis that there is not much to lose. If the deduction is denied, then that will be the result anyway if the payment were made in 2018. On this analysis, there is little to be lost as long as one is open to the possibility of the deduction ultimately not being allowed.
Caveat: Suppose that someone prepays 2018 tax in 2017, takes a deduction, and the drafting error identified here is not fixed in a technical corrections bill. If the IRS challenges the deduction and the matter is litigated, how would it turn out? Impossible to say. A court could either rule that the words of the statute should be followed as written, or it could interpret the provision to implement congressional intent. Either outcome is conceivable.
Update (Dec. 23, 2017): The tax act as passed did not fix the technical error identified in this article.
Panasonic retakes the lead in the advanced compact competition with its LX100. Really good photo and video quality, a great set of features and (for the most part) class-leading performance, result in one of my favorite compact cameras ever.
Despite a full auto mode, however, newbies might face a steep climb up the learning curve. At $900 (£800, AU$1,200), it's also pretty expensive if you're just looking for an upgrade to better photo and video than whatever you're using now.
As a companion for a dSLR or an alternative to a midrange interchangeable-lens model, though, it's definitely worth considering.
Image quality
The combination of a great lens and large -- for its class -- sensor yield extremely good photo quality. JPEG images look clean as high as ISO 800 and good through ISO 1600; by ISO 3200 the JPEGs display noise reduction smearing. If you shoot raw, though, you can eke out more detail resolution as high as ISO 12800.
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
However, there isn't a lot of recoverable detail in the highlights and shadows of the raw files, which is a typical problem in this class. Shadow detail starts to disappear at ISO 800 and dark colors start to become indistinguishable from each other at around ISO 3200 and whites/light colors at around ISO 400. Also fairly typical.
Even in its default color settings, the LX100 delivers reasonably neutral results, at least up through ISO 1600. At ISO 3200 and above the white balance gets a little inconsistent, developing a slight red cast. However, most of these cameras have a pinkish cast, at least in the JPEGs, across all or part of their ISO sensitivity range.
Its 4K video is unsurprisingly great given that it uses the same imaging engine as the GH4. There are few artifacts, and the video is sharp with a reasonable dynamic range -- it looks better than HD even when viewed on a non-4K display. At midrange ISO sensitivities (like ISO 3200), there's none of the sparkling caused by noise in motion, though like many cameras it clips the tonal range. The audio sounds fine, but this isn't the camera to buy if you're picky about sound, as there's no support for an external mic and the lens operation is a bit noisy. Keep in mind that 4K recording does require a UHS-II SD card.
There's a also a 4K Photo mode that allows you to pull decent 8MP stills from video (it differs from standard recording because it increases the frame rate off the sensor so that it can stop action better, but it also increases battery drain). It seems like an effective way to shoot action when continuous-shooting is difficult.
Analysis samples
(Unless you view the samples at their full 770-pixel width they won't look right.)
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
Enlarge Image Lori Grunin/CNET
Performance
For an enthusiast compact, the LX100 performs quite well. Its only drawback is slow startup: 2.5 seconds to power on, focus and shoot. That's due in part to the leisurely pace at which the lens extends. Otherwise, the camera focuses and shoots in about 0.2 second, in both bright or dim conditions; it takes about 0.4 second to shoot two sequential JPEGs (0.5 second for raw), and enabling flash bumps that to 1.5 seconds. Those are all very good times.
My continuous-shooting performance results are tentative. A lot has been made of this camera's ability to shoot 6.5 frames per second with autofocus and autoexposure (AF/AE), but I was only able to achieve 4fps under our standard test conditions (as well as all sorts of other conditions). The only way I could get the camera to shoot faster with AF/AE was, oddly, at f1.7, and even then it only made it to to 6fps. I generally find tested performance matches the manufacturer's specifications, so I'm not confident of these results, and am I waiting back to hear from a stumped Panasonic. Frankly, it doesn't affect my rating, since even 4fps for over 30 raw or JPEG shots with AF/AE is quite good for its class.
With focus and exposure fixed on the first frame, it hits 11fps, and if you don't care about mechanical vs. electronic shutter, its Super high-speed mode runs at 40fps. You can use those modes to create stop-motion animations in-camera.
While the autofocus system is fast, Panasonic's full auto suffers from the same problems as everyone else's: it focuses on the closest object in the scene, which is usually wrong. The tracking autofocus is pretty typical -- sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't -- and like most other contrast AF systems, there's a slight pulse using continuous AF while shooting video. However, the camera's Custom Multi option lets you configure an autofocus area array any way you want, such as a clump of areas in the center or even discontiguous areas. The center-area autofocus and pinpoint autofocus work quickly and accurately. Thanks to the viewfinder, focus peaking and the smooth control ring, manually focusing works well.
Typical for this type of camera, the battery life is pretty meh, especially if you use the viewfinder and Wi-Fi a lot. I had no issues with visibility of the back LCD.
A row has broken out in Angela Merkel's government after the environment minister banned meat at official functions.
Barbara Hendricks claims eating meat is damaging to the environment and has ordered only vegetarian food to be served.
A rival minister has accused her of “nanny-statism” and trying to force vegetarianism on people “by the back door”.
With elections only months away and Mrs Merkel's Christian Democrats (CDU) lagging behind their junior coalition partner in the polls, it was only a matter of time before tempers started to fray.
But no one expected the first falling-out to be over vegetarian vol-au-vents.
Ms Hendricks is a member of the Social Democrats (SPD), who have surged ahead of Mrs Merkel's CDU in the polls under their new leader, Martin Schulz, the former European parliament president.
Senior figures in Mrs Merkel's party have pounced on the vegetarian catering policy as evidence the centre-left SPD will interfere in citizens' private lives on ideological grounds.
Winners
Pat Riley and Mitch Kupchak
Chris Ryan: What sorcery is this? You can draw up as many sets of blueprints as you want, you can embroider “Best Player Available” onto all of your throw pillows. Collect your assets. Play for the future. In the end, only two things count in this life: warm weather and rings. You want a rebuilding plan? Here's a rebuilding plan:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n18m1scIFF8
Somehow Mitch Kupchak, the general manager of the Lakers, and Pat Riley, the Sun Tzu of the Miami Heat, won the draft.
Over the last week, the jalopy Lakers went through the rumor mill car wash and came out like a gleaming Rolls-Royce — a symbol of NBA luxury. Sixty-one losses, coach Byron Scott, and shadow coach Kobe be damned; through media machinations or the simple fact that they have a lot of cap space and they wear purple and gold, the Lakers reclaimed a place in the conversation.
This week they've been linked with DeMarcus Cousins, LaMarcus Aldridge, Dwyane Wade, and Kevin Love. They looked like a dust bowl at the end of the season, but now their cup runneth over. The conventional wisdom was that they would take Jahlil Okafor, because the Lakers … big men … But when Adam Silver welcomed D'Angelo Russell to the stage, it was like a great poker hand being laid out. Of course it was Russell. His game is Hollywood.
Down in Miami, Riley had been taking a beating this offseason. Goran Dragic is an unrestricted free agent, and the most iconic player in the history of his franchise has been flirting with leaving. Things looked dark. What could Riley do on draft night to get things turned around? Turns out nothing. All he had to do was let other people screw up.
Justise Winslow, one of the best players in this draft, fell right into Miami's lap at no. 10. Did other teams just outthink themselves here? This dude plays like he was shot out of a cannon. All of a sudden, the Heat have a Luol Deng replacement. They get younger, faster, stronger, and feistier. He's provocative. He gets the people going. Just look at how he makes Okafor feel!
Assuming Miami returns its backcourt, we're looking at a starting five of Dragic-Wade-Winslow-Bosh-Whiteside. They are projected to have a NetRtg of AIIRRRRHORRRRN. Will that catapult the Heat past Cleveland, Atlanta, or even D.C.? Probably not. Will the Lakers even be playing in the postseason next year? It's hard to imagine in that Western Conference.
What we're talking about goes beyond wins. Whether it's institutional power, smarts, luck, or a combination of all three, Pat Riley and Mitch Kupchak returned their franchises to relevance last night. Neither team will win it all next year. But both clubs matter right now.
Mario and the Magic
Andrew Sharp: Here's the litmus test for Mario Hezonja as a draft pick: How many other lottery fan bases secretly wish their team had drafted him? Wolves and Lakers fans are happy, but the Knicks, Sixers, Pistons, Nuggets … deep down, everyone wanted some Super Mario in their life. You can't say no to Croatian J.R. Smith. Just last week, he was bombing his way through the Spanish League Finals.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAUzdKZUSPo
It's still unclear whether he'll explode or flame out once he gets to the NBA, but let's all grab a front row seat for either outcome. The Magic are a better fit than any of those other teams would have been. The only thing missing Thursday was ESPN beaming him in on satellite phone to talk shit about Kristaps Porzingis.
M.Hezonja "I should be the first pick at the NBA draft". I agree :) pic.twitter.com/dF0RJn7odJ — Alen Alibasic (@AlenAlibasicCRO) March 23, 2015
As for the Orlando side of things, sometimes the smartest draft picks don't actually make sense on a basketball court. You can draft the best players available, year after year, but if their skills don't click as a team, you're nowhere. That's where the Magic have been. They've had Victor Oladipo (speed), Elfrid Payton (defense), Nik Vucevic and Aaron Gordon (rebounding). But they still needed shooting. They needed Croatian J.R. Smith.
Minnesota Timberwolves
Welcome to the Family @KarlTowns ! — andrew wiggins (@22wiggins) June 25, 2015
Ryan: It seems weird to shower Flip Saunders with praise just because he drafted the consensus no. 1 pick. But think about it: He could have gotten fancy and taken Russell, lived dangerously and taken Porzingis, or been seduced by Okafor's offensive polish. Instead he did what he was supposed to do, and for Flip and the Wolves, that's enough. Adding Tyus Jones as a backup to Ricky Rubio is a nice bit of late-first-round business as well. Does any team in the NBA have a brighter future than Minnesota?
The Kings
Sharp: It's been a long week for Kings fans, but Thursday brought some much-needed relief. The Kings landed the best defensive weapon in the draft, Willie Cauley-Stein. He's the rim protector that Boogie Cousins has always needed. Will they actually play together? That remains to be seen. Worst-case scenario, the Kings trade Boogie to L.A., Cauley-Stein covers Julius Randle's defensive weaknesses, and they get to build around Russell in the backcourt. Either way — Boogie or not — Cauley-Stein makes the immediate future a lot brighter than three years of developing Emmanuel Mudiay.
Willie Cauley-Stein's Jeweler
The Willie Cauley-Stein Custom Medallion, in all its sparkling glory pic.twitter.com/ak92pBxSMD — Luke Winn (@lukewinn) June 26, 2015
Sharp: Yeah, this pays for summer vacation. A nice summer vacation.
The Goddamn Bulls
Surprised Bobby Portis fell. Does everything well. No huge holes. Amazing motor. Love the pick for the Bulls. — Chad Ford (@chadfordinsider) June 26, 2015
Sharp: You know how the Ravens manage to get one of the best defensive players on the board in basically every NFL draft? That's what the Bulls have been doing in the NBA for the past five or six years. They just snatch great rotation players out of thin air. Bobby Portis may have dropped 10 spots, but he also went to the place where he will best be able to haunt every team that passed on him. The goddamn Bulls always do this.
Rondae Hollis-Jefferson's Pants
These pants correspond perfectly to Rondae Hollis-Jefferson's new team. pic.twitter.com/omv3xUpBTd — SB Nation NBA (@SBNationNBA) June 26, 2015
Sharp: And then he got traded to the Nets about 30 minutes later. Smarten up, Rondae. Only Terry Stotts can rock that look.
The Color Maroon
Terry Rozier
Just hung up with Terry Rozier. Had no idea he was being picked by the Celtics. Jumped in a pool in a suit at his draft party after picked. — Adam Himmelsbach (@AdamHimmelsbach) June 26, 2015
This is how you do draft night right.
We should all live life like Terry Rozier. Just don't eat like him.
Terry Rozier (@GodsGift_3) said he's evolved to making spaghetti, ranch and sugar sandwiches. When mom makes a big pot = sandwiches for days — Jeff Greer (@jeffgreer_cj) February 25, 2014
Losers
The Process
[protected-iframe id=”676fc6c3056935007c8e593c019a3879-60203239-64539598″ info=”http://player.theplatform.com/p/C_ZQDC/philly/embed/select/TIvr9Ml_9nhA?params=zone%3Dcsnvideo&autoPlay=false” width=”480″ height=”270″ frameborder=”0″ allowfullscreen=””]
Ryan: Welcome to Philadelphia, Jah. Try to contain your enthusiasm.
Indiana Pacers
Sharp: The Pacers came into this draft with dreams of stealing Cauley-Stein, a big man who would have allowed them to seamlessly transition from Roy Hibbert's rim protection to something a little more, um, undead. Sacramento killed that dream. So, next option: Cam Payne? A quick point guard who could help speed things up and inject some life into the offense?
Nope. They went with Myles Turner, a center with plenty of upsides but someone who'll probably take a few years to get there, assuming he ever does. For a team that has pieces to get competitive right away, that's a bummer.
Boston Celtics
Jim Davis/The Boston Globe via Getty Images
Ryan: Rozier is well on his way to being a cult hero, but he seems awfully similar to his new teammate Marcus Smart — a tough, defensive-minded guard who can't shoot. So similar that Chad Ford listed Smart as Rozier's comp. This would lend credence to some of the rumors about Smart being available for a trade. This, despite the enormous amount of time the Celtics apparently spent scouting him.
Guys like Danny Ainge rarely seem flustered — everything is part of a greater plan — but he must have felt like he was dying by 1,000 cuts (or picks) last night, as he watched Winslow, Devin Booker, and Kelly Oubre go just out of his grasp. He has to be asking himself two things: First, what good is asset collection if no one is buying what you're selling? The second one is also being asked by some notable fans: How valuable is making the playoffs if it's the difference between Justise Winslow and Terry Rozier?
Utah Jazz
Sharp: They came into this draft with the chance to trade for a veteran or draft an impact guard. They left with Trey Lyles, a stretch 4 who can't hit 3s and probably isn't big enough to even play the 4.
Washington Wizards
Sharp: Did the Wizards just ignore every pressing need they had to end up with another Nick Young? What could go wrong?
American Culture
A Mother's Concern for Another
Have any of you ever taken a moment to notice how much is going on even in this brief scene?
This is just after Elsa accidentally reveals her magic to the people in the ballroom. She runs all the way outside, where the waiting people of Arendelle clap and cheer because they are happy to see her. However, through all of the cheering, Elsa remains scared and just keeps running…and then she comes upon this woman who asks her if she is all right.
What really gets my attention here is that the citizens are so busy wrapped up in cheering for their queen that they don't notice how unhappy she looks. But then she stumbles upon this lady, and while the lady is happy like everyone else, she is the only one who senses that something is amiss with Elsa.
Not to mention the lady is a mother, so it is likely her motherly instinct sets in and she can't help but show concern for Elsa.
And look carefully at Elsa: after being asked if she is all right, she honestly answers because she shakes her head slightly and even quietly answers “No.”
What is heartbreaking in this moment is not that Elsa is scared, but what is really going on with her when she reacts to the question. Since she sees that this woman is a mother, it gets to her because she misses her own mother (and father). In this short, quick scene, Elsa is briefly reduced to a child again and feels that, based on this new turn of events, she still needs a parent's care and guidance to help her get through it.
But even after she runs away and believes everyone is against her, there still is one person she can count on: Anna.
In the summer of 1980, Richard Pryor and his friend Rashan Khan were drinking 151 and watching old footage of Buddhists monks self-immolating as a protest to the actions in Vietnam. Khan said to Pryor, “Look at that commitment.” Pryor said, “Fuck commitment. He didn't even flinch.” Khan got up and went to the kitchen. The next thing he saw was a ball of fire flying past him down the hall. The bottle of 151 was nearly empty. Richard Pryor was burning alive.
The new documentary Richard Pryor: Omit the Logic, which premiered recently at the Tribeca Film Festival, picks up right there. Expertly edited news footage reveals the aftermath of Pryor's infamous alcohol-fueled suicide attempt when the funny man suffered horrific third degree burns over much of his body and many didn't think he would live.
From there Marina Zenovich's work takes us back to the early 1960s when Pryor first appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show and to his disastrous foray into the Vegas scene, where he believed he made a fool of himself in front of none other than Dean Martin. Thrown out of the Aladdin due to questionable behavior, he lost his Vegas gig and with it the dream of his name appearing with Vegas royalty.
Although Pryor was embarrassed, he was undeterred. Omit the Logic tracks his reemergence in San Francisco amidst the cacophony of racial and Vietnam-induced tension of the late ‘60s. It was there that Pryor became the Pryor of legend, crafting a routine that mixed no-hold-barred racial commentary with profanity.
“This is my favorite part of the show: after intermission, when white folks come back to find niggas done stole their seats,” he told his audience once.
Yes, there's that word.
His use of profanity and, in particular, the word “nigger,” was at one time indispensable to his routine. And Zenovich hilariously documents how contentious those six letters can be. In 1975 Pryor released his third comedy album That Nigger's Crazy, which caused one white interviewer to balk at saying the word. Pryor replied that he knew a lot of white people had a problem with the word “crazy.” Notably the word did leave his comedic vocabulary four years later.
Told from interviews with dozens business associates, collaborators, fellow comics, friends, wives (he had more than a few), Omit the Logic presents the darkest sides of the comedian as well. The irony is that for all its laughs, his act was forged in the fires of Greek tragedy: growing up in his family-run brothel, becoming a father at fifteen with a woman who was also sleeping with his own dad, and the obscene drug use.
While the documentary doesn't shy from these topics, it finds itself more comfortable focusing on Pryor's professional struggles and drug use rather than the man as a man. Was he nice? A jerk? What about his personal relationships? Clues abound, but there's very little analysis or reflection away from show business. The camera turns only briefly to one of his six children, Richard Pryor Jr. Yet the viewer learns next to nothing of the man as a father. The one personal relationship that gets the most attention in the documentary is that of his grandmother, who the viewers soon learn, through her attitude and actions, was anything but grandmotherly.
The candid photographs are at times haunting, and scenes from his act provide enough material on their own to fill this 84-minute documentary. Their masterful use by Zanovich drives the plot: the rise, the fall, the rise again, and the ultimate fade at the hands of debilitating disease of one of the country's best stand-up comedians.
[iframe: width=”560″ height=”315″ src=”http://www.youtube.com/embed/nUKpmvsg76o” frameborder=”0″ allowfullscreen>]
Well Met! Episode 58: Enerf is Enerf.
by kickedtripod - 3 years ago
Well Met! As always, your hosts John, J.R., and Kevin get together every week to discuss all things Hearthstone – news, esports, and more. We look forward to producing a show that keeps you up to speed on all the biggest things happening in Hearthstone, its awesome communities, and its incredible tournaments. Join us live on Sunday evenings for the video stream, or download the audio podcast on Mondays!
Standard is almost here and in this week's episode, the guys discuss all of the major changes that hit or are about to hit Hearthstone. A new patch has implemented the nerfs announced by Blizzard earlier in the week. After discussing these changes, the Well Met! crew dives into the most influential cards announced last week (Spoiler List).
Much of what we're able to do on the show is made possible by the generous support of our Patrons over on Patreon. You can check out our live streams and other BlizzPro shows on Twitch, hit up our subreddit, or even pick up your own cool Well Met merchandise.
As always, special thanks to our Friends of the Show – Martin Z, Shawn G, and Albert – as well as Jake Butineau for our incredible intro and outro and Dredscythe for our graphic design work.
Stay connected with us! We love answering your e-mails, chatting with you on Twitter (John, J.R., Kevin), and seeing those 5-star iTunes reviews.
Paterson, NJ: Ingenuity's Ruins Rising Up
Written by NJ Historian
The Great Falls, circa 1850.
Colt Gun Mill, circa 1850
Rogers Locomotive Works
The Colt Gun Mill ruins, 2012.
Additional photos of my trip to Paterson on Pinterest Pinterest
For More Information:
Three American students have been shot to death at a residential complex of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a suspect has been arrested over the incident, according to local police.
Chapel Hill police told local news outlets that Craig Stephen Hicks, 46, was arrested and charged with killing the three Muslim students.
Hicks made a brief court appearance on Wednesday morning, saying he understood the charges, according to the Associated Press. His probable because hearing was set for March 4 and he is being held without bond.
In a statement posted online, Chapel Hill police said that "preliminary investigation indicates that the crime was motivated by an ongoing neighbour dispute over parking."
"We understand the concerns about the possibility that this was hate-motivated and we will exhaust every lead to determine if that is the case," the statement said quoting Police Chief Chris Blue.
Hicks turned himself in after the shooting on Tuesday in Chapel Hill, just outside the campus of the University of North Carolina, AFP news agency reported.
Police officers responded to a report of shooting at around 5:15pm on Tuesday, and found three people who were pronounced dead at the scene.
The police website released a statement confirming the three deaths and saying the department is "questioning a person of interest in the crime and has reason to believe that there is no ongoing threat to the public".
'Hateful' neighbour
The victims were identified as 23-year-old Deah Shaddy Barakat, his 21-year-old wife, Yusor Mohammad, and her sister, 19-year-old Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha, police said.
A local TV station in North Carolina quoted the father of the slain women, Mohammed Abu-Salha, as saying that his daughter had told him several times that they had a neighbour who was "hateful". His daughter also reported that the man had a gun in his waistband more than once.
"They lived a clean life, never gave us a bad day," Abu-Salha was quoted as saying. "We raised them in our faith. We raised them to love their country and their people, and everybody's heart is broken. Everybody. All walks of life. The whole city did not sleep last night."
Read more: Chapel Hill shooting and Western media bigotry
"I'm kind of in shock. I'm really confused and I have been since 5:30," said Kristen Boling, who lived in the complex where the shooting occurred.
The university said that Barakat was a second-year student at its dentistry school, his wife was planning on starting there in autumn, while her sister was a student at North Carolina State University.
Whatever emerges from the #ChapelHillShooting, pray for the families of Deah Barakat and Yusor and Razan Abu-Salha. pic.twitter.com/BMn9kwOpks — Joe Catron (@jncatron) February 11, 2015
Residents told local media that the complex was a peaceful place.
"It's a very quiet community," Bethany Boring, who lives in the complex, told television station WRAL.
"It's a lot of graduate and professional students. You know, professionals' families."
Friends and family and the online community shared photos of the victims via social media after the incident.
The hashtag #ChapelHillShooting went viral after the incident was reported, many of the tweets criticising the US and other Western media for not covering the shooting.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Financial institution Wachovia Mortgage attempted to foreclose on the property late last year, when the property's trustee issued two notices that it would be sold to the highest bidder at a public auction in Phoenix, Maricopa County court records show. But the public auctions were cancelled.
But it lost 34 per cent of its value since 2004 and was put on the market for US$550,000, according to county assessment records and online listings.
In 2004, Katz and his ex-wife bought a five-bedroom home in the affluent Phoenix suburb of Scottsdale for US$837,500, according to Maricopa County assessment records. The home in the gated community of Stonegate has three bathrooms, three gas fireplaces, a pool, a jetted tub and a three-car garage, according to online real-estate listings.
MAYOR Sam Katz is in the process of selling a Phoenix-area home once slated to be auctioned off after his mortgage holder tried to foreclose on it.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 14/5/2010 (3209 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 14/5/2010 (3209 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
MAYOR Sam Katz is in the process of selling a Phoenix-area home once slated to be auctioned off after his mortgage holder tried to foreclose on it.
In 2004, Katz and his ex-wife bought a five-bedroom home in the affluent Phoenix suburb of Scottsdale for US$837,500, according to Maricopa County assessment records. The home in the gated community of Stonegate has three bathrooms, three gas fireplaces, a pool, a jetted tub and a three-car garage, according to online real-estate listings.
But it lost 34 per cent of its value since 2004 and was put on the market for US$550,000, according to county assessment records and online listings.
Financial institution Wachovia Mortgage attempted to foreclose on the property late last year, when the property's trustee issued two notices that it would be sold to the highest bidder at a public auction in Phoenix, Maricopa County court records show. But the public auctions were cancelled.
The original loan on the property was $749,000, the records show. That means Winnipeg's mayor found himself in the same boat as the vast majority of Phoenix-area homeowners — saddled with a steep decline in property values as well as a mortgage.
According to Maricopa County records, the house was assessed at $729,000 in 2009, but the full cash value was reassessed at $588,100 this year. Next year, the projected value will be $554,000, the records show.
The 3,800-square-foot property, built in 1992, was at one point listed on buyphoenixforeclosure.com. Auction notices were issued and cancelled in November and December 2009, according to Maricopa Country court records.
Foreclosure is a process that allows the holder of a mortgage to take control of a property when the owner falls behind in their mortgage payments.
The records also show Katz received a deed of release in February 2010, which means there were no longer any claims against the property. Online listings state a sale of the home is pending but do not list the new owner or the sale price.
Katz declined an interview request to discuss his former property.
The mayor's primary residence is a home in south Tuxedo.
The collapse of the U.S. housing bubble led property values to decline up to 58 per cent in some Phoenix-area neighbourhoods between the peak of the Arizona market in 2006 and April 2010, the Arizona Republic reported earlier this month.
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
Thousands of Arizona residents have walked away from their homes since the U.S. recession worsened in 2008, as their outstanding mortgage balances suddenly exceeded the value of their homes.
Across the United States, the housing collapse left 10.7 million families owing more than their homes are worth, the New York Times reported in January.
Foreclosure sales in the once-booming Phoenix metropolitan area remain common. Billboards along freeways advertise cheap real estate for prospective home-buyers — while banners on apartment buildings advertise cheap rent, presumably to people who were forced to walk away from their properties or chose to do so.
Dozens, if not hundreds, of Winnipeg residents, meanwhile, have taken advantage of the misery-induced bargains in the Phoenix area, according to real estate agents.
bartley.kives@freepress.mb.ca
I was diagnosed with keratoconus when I was 21, in 2008, but my doctor at the time did not really explain any proper care or future problems I might face. I left his office with a prescription that suited me fine but immediately went home to google more about it. I got scared that I would need a cornea transplant and was 100% sure I was going to go blind. My prescription didn't change for a few years, but in 2013 I saw a doctor that recommended I see a specialist. I didn't have the money or insurance coverage at the time so I just got a new prescription help me see.I noticed my vision was getting progressively worse and I was having a hard time driving at night, to the point where I wasn't even feeling safe to drive at night. I switched doctors in October of 2014 and was recommended that I switch to contact lenses. My vision in my left eye was very poor that they even recommended a hard lens. I was hesitant, but it was to the point where I wouldn't even drive at night. I had to do trial lenses for 5 months before they found a pair that was the right fit and I could actually see with.I hated my contacts, they were dry, the itched all the time and I was constantly blinking and rolling my eyes to the point where people thought I was annoyed with them. I started doing research on corneal cross linking and consulted with my primary eye doctor on the different procedures. I found a doctor in California that was doing a trial for epi-on corneal crosslinking. I read that there were very minor side effects and the results could cause some vision repair, but usually caused the deterioration of the cornea to stop.In November of 2015 I had the procedure in both of my eyes. They said it would hurt that night but should be fine by morning, when morning came my left eye was hurting more than it had been the night before, we went back for my check up and they said I had gotten a corneal abrasion during the procedure, due to the UV light they shine on the eye. They said it should heal within two weeks but I should refrain from wearing my contact and possibly wear an eye patch to shield it from the light. Unfortunately my eye keeps having reoccurring corneal abrasions but I have been refitted 3 times now with my contact and seem to have them less frequently. In November 2016 I had my one year follow up and it seems my vision hasn't changed, which is a good thing.I can't see much with my glasses or with nothing but my vision is pretty good with my contacts. I struggle less with them than I did two years ago and although my keratoconus has been a struggle in the last few years, I have tried to be an advocate and have found others that struggle so they know they aren't alone. I am very thankful for the really great group of doctors and friends I have met on my journey!Brittany Eason ( @brit_ta_née
Maine Sec. of State, AG, and Treasurer engaged in prohibited fundraising
For obvious reasons, Constitutional Officers in Maine are prohibited from engaging in most political activities, including fundraising for others or political organizations (5 MRSA §7056-A.2.).
But as the invite below indicates, Secretary of State Charlie Summers, Attorney General William Schneider, and Treasurer Bruce Poliquin, did just that: participated in a fund raiser for the House Republican Majority Fund.
And what an event it was, with a policy briefing by Treasurer Poliquin ($1,000), a cruise on Casco Bay ($1,500), morning golf for the gents and shopping for the ladies, a lobster bake ($2,000) and skeet shooting in the gravel pit owned by AG Schneider ($1,000).
For $3,000 one could enjoy the entire program at this event – including hotel accommodations!
If Maine House Democrats were to schedule such an event (without the fundraising), I wonder if Sec. Summers, AG Schneider and Treasurer Poliquin would provide the same briefings (and skeet shooting) to those attending as they did for the House Republicans. Since they are ostensibly apolitical, I see no reason why they would decline such an invitation.
As Congress considers major criminal justice reforms to address the devastating impact of gross sentencing disparities that have devastated minority communities, the Koch machine is seeking changes to the law that would benefit Koch Industries and other corporations by limiting their criminal liability, as the Center for Media and Democracy documented in 2015.
But that's not the only part of the agenda of the billionaire Koch brothers' network that is in play.
Few policymakers understand the role the Koch-funded "think tanks" like the Texas Public Policy Foundation and its "Right on Crime" operation have played and are playing in the privatization of the criminal justice system, including in the area of "re-entry," a term of art for how people who have served their sentence re-enter society.
In the Koch world of free market fundamentalism, there is always a way for corporations (and academics) to get a piece of pie; that is revenue flowing from American tax dollars to enrich private interests.
Charles Koch's oft-deployed rhetorical device of railing against "crony capitalism" as a foil distracts from the real world impacts of the long-standing Koch privatization push, which is grounded in hostility to government and born of the anarcho-capitalism he first embraced more than five decades ago.
No matter what name they artfully deploy, what Charles Koch has schemed for half a century to accomplish, what his brother David Koch ran on in 1980, and what they continue to pursue through an array of front groups is anarcho-capitalist policies dressed up as "freedom" or "prosperity," as with the latest part of their multi-million dollar PR volley, which asserts that the divisive Koch billionaires are unifiers who want to "end the divide."
Though their army of doctrinaire politicians and acolytes invoke the phrase "limited government," the means is almost always the same: taking away power from public institutions—that is, from the institutions created through a democratic process to serve the public—to private entities that are not democratically accountable and whose core objective is not providing the public with services but rather is profiting from public dollars. The flip side of the Koch brand of limited government is almost unlimited corporate power.
Reentry is just one more venue for the redistribution of wealth from shared public institutions to outsourcing yet another component of the criminal justice system to the private sector from the public sector.
If the advent of the private, for-profit prison system is any guide, public tax dollars will be subverted to enrich corporations putting profits over the people in the system and to use to lobby for more of the same.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Prison privatization is yet another free marketeer scheme embraced by the Kochs' Citizens for a Sound Economy, the predecessor of their Americans for Prosperity arm, as well as the Koch-fueled American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), the pay-to-play stealth lobby group that operationalized it through the state legislatures.
If there is money to be made keeping people under surveillance after they finish their prison sentence is there any doubt there will be more lobbying for more funding, under the guise of public safety?
After all, that's part of the reason the American Bail Coalition (ABC) stuck with ALEC and its reinvented "Public Safety and Elections Task Force" that was redubbed the "Justice Performance Project" after ALEC disbanded the task force in the wake of CMD connecting the dots between it and the proliferation of so-called "Stand Your Ground" laws and efforts to make it harder for Americans to vote in elections.
ABC and its allies in sureties, which help lead ALEC's American City County Exchange (ACCE), appear to see opportunities in funding ALEC, with its "reforms" like the "Right on Crime" package with its support for the privatization of probation and parole, through "re-entry" programs and more.
So, it is with deep appreciation that CMD is publishing a new Special Report by Ralph Wilson, which examines the expansion of privatized re-entry through the lens of tracking Florida's very small and Koch-connected world of "reformers."
It is unclear what true reforms would prevent the kinds of corruption that privatization of key elements of the criminal justice system has spawned.
What is clear is that policymakers who want to redress the crisis of over-incarceration should be considering how best to preserve the public interest in criminal justice reform that strengthens publicly accountable institutions.
More caution is warranted where so-called criminal justice reforms fuel personal or corporation profits through advancing the privatization agenda in reentry.
We should be mindful that needed reforms not be used as a vehicle to redirect precious tax dollars away from government institutions in ways that fuel new and powerful special interests that then push for more of the public's tax dollars to be redirected to create enormous revenue streams for both for-profit and non-profit entities in ways that ultimately do not put the interests of the public first.
Warner Bros Television has done a really good job of introducing characters into the Arrowverse over five years that now it seems like anybody could be added and it would work. But each of the series have a different tone, meaning that certain characters would make more sense on certain series. Here is a look at fan-favorite character I think not only should be brought into the Arrowverse, but which show they should appear on.
My choice for Supergirl may seem like a character better suited for The Flash, being that he is involved in time travel. But I honestly think that Booster Gold makes more sense going up against the Girl of Steel and I think the Flash has done enough with time travel for a while. Booster Gold is a character created by Dan Jurgens and while he does have the heart of a hero, he also wants to have the wallet of a billionaire. The story of Michael Jon Carter and how to escape his poor and dead-end life, he stole items from a superhero exhibit in a museum he was working security at and traveled back in time to make his fortune as a celebrity superhero. Dropping this character into National City and having him start stealing the thunder from Supergirl would be an interesting storyline for both the hero and the reporter side of her. She looks at Superman as the way to be a hero, that is not Booster. The two would butt heads but it could also be a good thing for her to see that deep down, Booster is a hero.
Casting wise I'd go with Austin Butler (The Shannara Chronicles) who has proven that he can play both arrogant and heroic. His series shoots off schedule from most regular series and his co-star, Manu Bennett, can convince him it's a good thing to be part of the Arrowverse. Plus it would be another reference to the Legion of Superheroes flights ring that has been teased in the Arrowverse. Plus being on an alternate Earth, having Rip Hunter's son is till possible.
About Dan Wickline Has quietly been working at Bleeding Cool for over three years. He has written comics for Image, Top Cow, Shadowline, Avatar, IDW, Dynamite, Moonstone, Humanoids and Zenescope. He is the author of the Lucius Fogg series of novels and a published photographer.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Monday got into a testy exchange with CNN's Jim Acosta and other reporters over erroneous media reports about the Trump administration over the past week, accusing the media of "purposefully misleading the American people."
A reporter brought up a saga from over the weekend where Washington Post reporter David Weigel sent an erroneous tweet about the crowd size at President Donald Trump's Friday rally in Pensacola, Florida. Weigel apologized for the tweet, which suggested there were scores of empty seats at the rally, and deleted it, but Trump soon after called Weigel out by name and said he should be fired.
Asked if Trump saw a distinction between Weigel's mistake and the purposeful disinformation campaign by the Russians during the 2016 election, Sanders said it was Trump calling out a "very direct and false accusation lodged against him."
"There was nothing more than an individual trying to put their bias into their reporting and something that, frankly, has gotten a little bit out of control," Sanders said. "We've seen it time and time again over the last couple of weeks. A number of outlets have had to retract and change and re-write and make editor's notes to a number of different stories, some of them with major impacts including moving markets. This is a big problem and we think it's something that should be taken seriously."
Sanders said she hadn't spoken with Trump about the Russia comparison specifically. Acosta, whose network reeled Friday from a retracted report that the Trump campaign got advance knowledge of hacked WikiLeaks documents last September, then cut in.
"I would just say, Sarah, that journalists make honest mistakes and that doesn't make them fake news, but the question that I have—" Acosta started.
"When journalists make honest mistakes they should own up to them," Sanders said. "Sometimes, and a lot of times you don't."
"I'm sorry. I'm not finished," she said, her voice rising as she and the press spoke over each other. "There's a very big difference between making honest mistakes and purposefully misleading the American people. Something that happens regularly. You can't say—I'm not done."
"You cannot say that it's an honest mistake when you are purposely putting out information that you know to be false or when you're taking information that hasn't been validated, that hasn't been offered any credibility, and that has been continually denied by a number of people including people with direct knowledge of an instance," she said.
Acosta said it wasn't his original line of questioning, but he wanted Sanders to give him an example of an "intentional" mistake by the press. Sanders cited Brian Ross' ABC News report where he initially reported that Trump, as a presidential candidate, directed Michael Flynn to contact the Russians.
The report caused the financial markets to briefly freefall, but Ross later corrected the report to say that President-elect Trump issued the directive to Flynn, not candidate Trump. ABC News suspended Ross for four weeks for the false report.
Acosta tried to get in his original question about sexual harassment accusations made against Trump, but Sanders closed him off, saying she was moving onto another reporter.
"I'm not going to respond to your question," she said.
The Denver Broncos running game has finally shown signs of life in recent weeks, and much of that can be attributed to Ronnie Hillman.
As a result, beat writer Jeff Legwold of ESPN predicts the Broncos will operate practices with Hillman being their primary back instead of C.J. Anderson. Hillman has more than 100 yards on the ground in two of his last three games, and touched the ball 23 times to Anderson's 17. Legwold added that Hillman may not technically "start" for the Broncos, but should see more touches going forward.
Fantasy impact: What was once a clear-cut situation at the beginning of the season has only gotten worse for fantasy owners. Denver having a lead back, to having a committee approach, to having an ambiguous committee approach, is not what fantasy owners who have stock in Anderson were hoping for when they drafted him.
For now, both backs must be viewed as flex options, although Hillman has shown that he is the one with more upside over the course of the season. Against the Green Bay Packers in Week 8, that mindset should be no different.
0 U.S. Steel to build world headquarters at old Civic Arena site
PITTSBURGH - United States Steel Corp. announced Monday it will build its new world headquarters in Pittsburgh as part of the ongoing redevelopment of the former Civic Arena site by the NHL's Penguins.
Company, team, local and state officials made the announcement at the Consol Energy Center, the hockey arena which opened in 2010 across the street from the site where a team-controlled subsidiary will break ground in August or September.
https://twitter.com/WPXITarget11/status/536915002561949696
U.S. Steel Chief Executive Officer Mario Longhi said the new headquarters will open by September 2017, by which time the company's 50-year lease will expire at the 64-story U.S. Steel Tower downtown, the city's tallest building.
The new headquarters "will serve as a cornerstone in the revitalization of this community and our company," Longhi said. The new five-story building will house U.S. Steel's 800 headquarters employees for at least 18 years, with an option to extend the lease beyond that.
The plan solves several interlocking problems for U.S. Steel, the Penguins and Pittsburgh.
The steel giant sold its skyscraping headquarters building for $250 million to a New York investment firm in April 2011 and a year later, U.S. Steel announced it would likely move out of the building.
What concerned Pittsburghers is whether U.S. Steel would follow Alcoa out of town or greatly reduce its presence, as happened when ketchup-maker H.J. Heinz Co. was sold to Berkshire Hathaway and 3G Capital last year. The new owners moved production out of Pittsburgh, though Heinz's headquarters remain.
When he took office earlier this year, Mayor Bill Peduto met Longhi and said, "I will not be the mayor that lost U.S. Steel."
Enter the Penguins, who have been trying to redevelop the former Civic Arena site a few hundred yards up the hill from U.S. Steel's downtown headquarters, but a world away economically.
The Penguins didn't exist when the arena was built in 1961, but the team, which moved into the building as an expansion franchise in 1967, has borne the negative legacy of that development. Some 8,000 black residents were relocated to build the arena, which effectively cut off the rest of the predominantly black Hill District from the city's downtown economic engine. The resulting blight became the sad inspiration for the TV drama "Hill Street Blues."
The Penguins finally reached a deal in the fall on a $440 redevelopment plan that will include retail shops, housing and office space on the former arena site. The development will be partially funded by more than $30 million in state grants and a local tax incentive program that will funnel some development revenue to infrastructure improvements, job training and other programs to benefit the Hill District. A fixed percentage of the new housing spawned by the development will be affordable, too.
"Development of the former Civic Arena site is truly a transformational opportunity for U.S. Steel, the city of Pittsburgh, the Hill District and the Pittsburgh Penguins," Longhi said.
"We usually say it's a great day for hockey," Penguins president and CEO David Morehouse said, referring to one of the team's marketing slogans, "but today I want to say it's a great day for Pittsburgh."
Longhi and the others won't say how much the new headquarters will cost, but it will occupy 250,000 square feet in a 268,000 square-foot building, the rest being retail shops, Morehouse said. The site will also include a steel museum, to chronicle the company and city's role in the industry worldwide.
James Craft, a business professor at the University of Pittsburgh, said U.S. Steel's decision is a "very excellent statement" as the city continues its transition from a manufacturing giant to a medical, high-tech and service-oriented economy.
"It gives a statement of where we were and remain in part now," Craft said. "And it shows Pittsburgh has an ability to serve a large, international corporation even as we're emerging in this new economy."
> >
It's Technical, Dear Watson
The “Jeopardy!” playing computer's feeds and speeds
You've seen the TV commercials and heard about the “Jeopardy!” challenge, but the more technical among you might be wondering about Watson's feeds and speeds. Here's a rundown of Watson's more technical specs.
Watson is made up of a cluster of 90 IBM Power 750 servers (plus additional I/O, network and cluster controller nodes)
Watson has 10 racks, nine for the servers and one for the associated I/O, network and cluster controller nodes
The Power 750 server was not specially designed for Watson. It's commercially available and used by thousands of companies today.
The Power 750 uses a 3.5 GHz POWER7 eight-core processor, with four threads per core
Watson has a total of 2,880 POWER7 cores
The POWER7 processor's massively parallel processing capability is ideal for Watson's DeepQA software, which is 'embarrassingly parallel' (that is a computer science term used to describe a workload that executes multiple threads in parallel)
The cluster has a total of 16 Terabytes of RAM. The file system containing all of Watson's data is on 4 Terabytes of disk.
When Watson starts up, much of the data on the disk is loaded into memory and replicated across many servers in the cluster.
In order to be fast, all of Watson's knowledge must be loaded into memory.
Watson can operate at more than 80 Teraflops—that's 80 trillion operations per second
Watson uses Apache UIMA (which originated at IBM) to provide interoperability between its large number of different analysis programs, as well as to scale out the computation across the cluster
UIMA does not answer questions, but supports building and scaling applications like Watson, providing standards for interoperability and scale-out of deep text and multi-modal (speech, image, video) analytics
Watson's Power 750 servers are clustered over a 10 Gb Ethernet network
Watson exploits POWER7 processors ultra-fast 500 gigabytes per second on-chip bandwidth
Watson has two I/O nodes that attach SAS disk drawers with a total of 4 Terabytes of disk
Like many other high performance computing workloads, Watson's DeepQA software runs on Power Linux
Watson receives the question in text form at the same time the human contestants receive them in voice/text.
Watson is not connected to the Internet or any outside source of information
Watson cannot see or hear, but does press the buzzer and speaks to answer the questions
Tweet
Tami Deedrick is the former managing editor of IBM Systems Magazine, Power Systems edition. More Articles From Tami Deedrick
Like what you just read? To receive technical tips and articles directly in your inbox twice per month, sign up for the EXTRA e-newsletter here.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Matt Kim By Matt KimNews Editor
In September 2015, Japanese video game developer Kotori Yoshimura asked for a 1000 retweets so that she could start working on a follow-up to Star Cruiser, a cult first-person action RPG shooter released for the PC-88. The 1000 retweets came two years later, driven by a global network of video game lovers on Twitter. It's a feel-good story sure, but it was a long journey for Star Cruiser and Yoshimura to get there.
Kotori Yoshimura (née Katsunori Yoshimura) is the co-founder of the Japanese video game company Technosoft which was best known for Thunder Force, a franchiseHardcore Gaming 101 said stood out among its many shmup compatriots back in the 80s Japanese video game scene.
From there, Yoshimura went on to find Arsys Software where the company started developing games that incorporated early 3D graphics. Some of these games include WiBArM and Reviver for the PC-88. But it was Star Cruiser in 1988 that became the company's most highly-regarded success. Star Cruiser was an action RPG noted for featuring fully 3D polygonal graphics and unique gameplay that switched between first-person shooting gameplay to occasionally playing as a space flight simulator.
Star Cruiser predated 3D graphics in the industry by years, and won several awards from Japanese computer magazines like Best Adventure Game (POPCOM) and Best Special Effects (Oh!X). Star Cruiser also placed third runner-up for Game of the Year (Tetris won that year). Apparently, PlatinumGames' Hideki Kamiya lists Star Cruiser as one of his favorite games.
Star Cruiser
Unfortunately Star Cruiser never received a proper release abroad. Namco licensed and planned on releasing a North American rendition of the Mega Drive version of Star Cruiser (renamed Star Quest) for the Sega Genesis, but it never actually came out. Funny enough, an English translated ROM hack came out in November 2016, and you can buy a reproduced Star Cruiser Genesis cartridge on Etsy.
Basically, Star Cruiser still lives 30 years after it first came out on the PC-88, but until last month I had never heard of the game or its developer Kotori Yoshimura. It was first brought to my attention after Necrosoft Games' Brandon Sheffield found Yoshimura's 2015 Tweet asking for 1000 retweets to get back into the Star Cruiser development cockpit.
"I found the tweet while working here in Krakow... whenever I get flown out to a conference like this one (this time it was Digital Dragons in Poland), I get the rest of my team together at an Airbnb and we do a bunch of work in the same place," wrote Sheffield in an email. "Usually while working I just put on some YouTube playlists, and this guy, Dustin Odell, has a great series of Sega Genesis/Mega Drive recordings. While listening to these, I kept coming back to the Star Cruiser soundtrack, because it had such a great vibe to it. I knew Star Cruiser, but I hadn't really looked into the history behind it until I kept looping the soundtrack."
Incidentally, the soundtrack for Star Cruiser and its sequel Star Cruiser II were both composed by musician Toshiya Yamanaka. The music, like today, was well received, coming in third for best Theme Music in Oh!X's 1989 video game awards.
"I wound up doing some research about the game, then the company Arsys that made it, and through the process wound up reading about Yoshimura and her story. I went to see if she was on Twitter, because the last Wikipedia entry says 'she joined another company in 2008.' Then I saw her pinned tweet from 2015 saying if she got 1000 RTs she'd start working on a new Star Cruiser-like. I figured I had to make it happen, if she had had such an illustrious yet troubled career. So I basically wrote the whole story down in a series of tweets, and I guess it succeeded!"
After retweeting Yoshimura's original Tweet, Sheffield started a thread translating Yoshimura's career using her Japanese wikipedia page, as well as the Arsys and Technosoft wiki. In the time following Yoshimura's work on 3D games at Arsys, she went on to work with Polyphony Digital to help create the first Gran Turismo for the PlayStation as co-developer (Arsys was renamed Cyberhead at this point).
It was around this time that Yoshimura discovered the had Gender Dysphoria. She was fired from several game development companies like Treasure as related to "health problems." Despite the setbacks, Yoshimura still ended up working on the MPEG/DVD format and doing optimization work on Intel's Pentium 4 processor.
Sheffield outlines much of these details in his thread, but what about Kotori Yoshimura? What happened after that 1000th retweet that finally arrived two years after the initial tweet?
"Honestly I thought 1000 [retweets] was the bare minimum I needed in order to keep going with this," said Yoshimura in a brief email interview Sheffield helped arrange. "When at first I didn't get anywhere near this number, I was terribly disappointed. But now, I am feeling like I should finally be getting started on this, making new art, music, designs, and some sort of prototype sample, with the feeling that I can now get greater support."
"Being such an experienced developer she sure doesn't need development help from me," said Sheffield who reached out to Yoshimura through Twitter DM shortly after retweeting her. Luckily, even though Yoshimura said she was very busy right now, she agreed to answer some of my questions as long as they weren't too long.
Star Cruiser 1988 Logo
The first question on my mind though was why she decided to revive Star Cruiser nearly 30 years after the game first came out.
"There were two main triggers. One is that people kept making me offers like "hey, don't you want to revive Star Cruiser?" And one of those was quite recent. The other thing is I've been writing a novel called Kouchuu Senchou [lit: "Aircraft Captain"], which I uploaded to [the free novel-sharing site] Shōsetsuka ni Narō [lit: Let's Become a Novelist]. I sort of wrote it with the intention of it becoming a game, and I thought I could connect these two worlds. The world of Star Cruiser, with the new world I've been making in this novel."
Considering an English translation for Star Cruiser only surfaced seven months ago, it's easy to understand why Star Cruiser is still fresh in the memories of gamers. Really, Star Cruiser was ahead of the curve in terms of early 3D gameplay, it just seems more of a shame that Namco's planned Star Cruiser port never made it outside Japan.
"Even at this point, I haven't come across another game I feel is a true analog to Star Cruiser," said Yoshimura. "The shooting part may be similar to an FPS, but when you take the game as a whole, I don't think there's anything that matches the entire image."
Naturally, that made me wonder what kind of games Yoshimura comes across these days. "Well, I see the rising cost of development for those who want to make huge projects, and on the other hand there's the rise of indies as well, whose quality is increasing," she answered. "Recently in Japan, 'social games' are the thing, but it's 'social' only in name. It feels like most of them are tilted toward just taking money from the customers. Those kinds of games are growing, which is really sad... I'd like to make games that pursue the 'make players happy' angle first and foremost."
BLOCKED BY THE VOID
As video game companies continue to pursue trends where video games are considered services, it's hard not to look at Star Cruiser and the classic games of those eras as a kind of craft industry, rather than the behemoth size of modern video game production. In a way, the rise of social media is a return to those early offline days.
When Yoshimura first started programming 40 years ago, she says there was no network communication infrastructure for computers, so she relied mainly on magazine articles and reader's columns for new information. "I was active in these offline communities as a general reader, and when I joined the industry I responded to interviews in magazines as much as possible, wrote articles myself, and contributed programs [games] to them," explained Yoshimura.
"When it comes to Star Cruiser, I'd tried this sort of thing many times. For example, at Comic Market [A popular comic convention] in Japan, there aren't so many people selling [games]. So I actually tried to do that myself, several times. But I really didn't have so much time then, and I felt I was really losing sight of what it was I wanted to be doing, so it didn't go too well. I announced a few [games] there. In the current era with Facebook, Twitter, and the like, there are more ways people can see what they want to see, but the basic idea is unchanged."
RIP Freddy
Yet the thing that's changed the most for Yoshimura isn't necessarily tied to any video game cultural shift or technological trend or advancement. Rather it's the personal changes in her own life. While some of the details are too difficult to discuss, there have been many changes for her since her Comiket and Arsys days.
"For me, the biggest difference is really that I have a partner in my life now, named @marinyan. She helps me in my work, and has really become a strong power in my life," says Yoshimura. "I believe that anything that one person can't do alone, two people can somehow figure out how to do it. This is really why I thought about challenging something like [Star Cruiser] again."
As of currently, Yoshimura is a freelance programmer. While the sudden attention brought on by the resurfacing of a two year old tweet out of the blue has thrust her Star Cruiser project back into focus, she says she's looking for a financial buffer and some free time if she wants to fully embark on the project. She's still updating her game project with the hashtag #スタクルっぽいものつくる (lit. Make Something Like Star Cruiser, Google Translate says: Make stuff things). Either way, now's a good a time as any for interested parties to reach out to her for work.
As it stands, Kotori Yoshimura's story reminds me a lot about a video game history class I took in college. The class focused a lot on the technological history, often brushing aside the community and culture that helped shaped it, and continues to change and be changed by it. This would have been a much shorter piece if it focused solely on Star Cruiser, but like my bogus video game history course, we risk losing out on history if we only focus on the nuts and bolts, and not the living people behind them.
Credit to Brandon Sheffield who helped research and translate the story.
Author's Notes: Heyyy there, yeah I remember this story still exist even though it's been some time since it was published, also I already realize "Truly Relieving Tensions" isn't my best work but if yall don't leave comments on it I can't make it better. ANYWAY, excluding that train wreck, I hope this story if more to everyone's satisfaction, normally I would ask yall to leave comments or suggestions at this point but I have it asked in a totally subtle way somewhere in the story and it might be hard to find, but please, just enjoy.
Glynda was teaching class seemingly normally, with Yang doing her seemingly normal thing of having her head face down into her crossed arms. Normally, this meant that she was trying to sleep. But in truth, while this was their normal routine, it wasn't the normal it looked like.
Glynda was controlling two vibrators in Yang's pussy with her telekinetic semblance all the while still looking like all she was doing was teaching and boring Yang.
She was moving them in and out opposite to each other so that there was always one filling Yang's soaked and wanting pussy. For any normal girl, this may have caused them to cum rather quickly, but Yang had been given a special command by her mistress Glynda. She was not allowed to cum until near the end of class.
The specific order was given to Yang because Glynda loves to use Yang's moderately loud and lustful moan as she cums as an excuse to call Yang out to meet her in her office after class. To others in the class, it would seem as Glynda was going to punish Yang for being disruptive. While Yang was undoubtedly going to receive punishment, it wasn't in the normal way people thought.
.
.
.
Glynda was in her office grading papers, not to long ago, it would have normally been a very boring and unpleasant activity for Glynda.
However, with Yang now regularly beneath her desk, giving her a blowjob, it was far more enjoyable, as it was now.
Yang was sucking on Glynda's length lovingly, trying to taste as much of Glynda's cock as possible.
"Mhmm… you're doing very well Yang" Glynda said bringing one hand down to rest on top of Yang's head easing her to take more into her throat.
"I'll tell you what, I have your test in front of me and thanks to our new routine during my lectures, it turned out as well as it could have, but if you can get me to cum in two minutes I'll give you an A" Glynda said all this as she looked down at Yang while slowly stroking her hair.
Yang immediately sped up her bobbing along Glynda's cock, before she was slowly savoring the taste, but now she was happily taking Glynda's length deep into her throat in quick succession, it helped that she also loved the feeling of Glynda's cock on her tongue.
30 seconds had already passed and the hand of Glynda's that was slowly stroking Yang's hair now had a firm grip of the beautiful blonde's locks, pulling Yang to the base of Glynda's cock, not that she needed the encouragement to do so.
After a minute, Yang was happily swallowing all of Glynda's pre-cum. It was so unbelievably tasty to Yang that she wished Raven and Glynda had forced her be their cum-dump sooner so she could have been sucking them off before. At this point, Glynda was also letting out small moans here and there from Yang rapidly taking deep throating her.
After a minute and a half, Glynda had both her hands on Yang's head gripping her hair and forcing Yang to go deeper faster and Yang loved when Glynda skullfucked her so, Yang was even leaking arousal herself from said skullfucking.
As they approached the two minute mark Glynda made sure to peek at her stopwatch on the table. She handled being a mistress just as efficiently as being a teacher.
Just as Glynda was about to unload her cum down Yang's throat, she peeked one more time at her stopwatch to see that they had just passed the two minute mark. "Oh well, no point in stopping now" Glynda thought to herself
Glynda continued to force Yang's head all the way along her length for a few more seconds, while Yang herself was continuing to soak her own panties with arousal, obviously nearing her own orgasm from the throat fucking.
Glynda pulled back and finally let loose into Yang's mouth, before forcing her cock back down the younger huntress's throat.
As trained, Yang immediately orgasmed when Glynda came down throat. Some cum spilled out Yang's mouth from Glynda letting loose in her mouth before going back into her throat however.
"Ohh yah… that was very nice Yang, though we passed the two minute time, I'll give you a B+ for trying so hard." Glynda said reeling from her orgasm looking down at Yang with the younger blonde's eyes attempting to roll up into her head.
As Glynda enjoyed the view, a red and black portal opened across her desk and out walked Raven.
"So how well has my cum-dump of a daughter been serving you Glynda?" Raven asked just before she placed a kiss on Glynda's cheek
Glynda blushed at the affection from her past and now present girlfriend
"She's been just marvelous Raven, she does her best to swallow all my loads, but since she has your looks it's hard to not let huge loads go and some is bound to fall from her mouth" Glynda said still admiring Yang licking up the excess cum off the ground
"Oh it's not your fault Glynda, we just need to train her better." Raven said rubbing Glynda's shoulders
"I can tell you want to have some fun and I just put new sheets on my bed. ~" Glynda said with no true sorrow
Raven then opened a portal for the three of them,
"Here's her leash sweetie" Raven said handing Glynda said collar
Glynda attached the collar around Yang's neck and walked to the portal with Yang on all fours right next to her
The portal transported them to Glynda's bedroom and they all immediately proceeded to get undressed.
"So how about we start with some nice cuddling?" Raven suggested
"That sounds wonderful! What do you think Yang?" Glynda asked already knowing her answer
"Oh yes mommy please." Yang said knowing Glynda and Raven loved it when she interchanged between calling them mistress and mommy, both of which were sufficiently dirty for the Dom pair
The now naked Glynda and Raven proceeded to use their combined strength to easily lift Yang off the ground from opposite sides, allowing Glynda's cock to enter Yang's pussy and Raven conversely enters her daughter's ass
… their form of cuddling.
"Oh damn! Yang, I gave you a seriously nice and tight ass" Raven says as she rams upwards into her daughter
"Oh mommy you say that every time you take my butt" Yang said sounding slightly upset
Raven then slowed down her pounding to kiss the back of Yang's neck slowly and sensually before whispering in her ear, "Only because it's true"
Yang blushed from Raven's words and mumbled something Raven didn't make out
"What was that my little slut?" Raven asked slowly speeding up her pounding
"Then please use it harder mistress." Yang said looking at her mother lovingly
Of course Raven sped up her assault on Yang's ass and Glynda made to match her speed.
The pair of dominatrices was pounding into Yang so deep at such speeds, forcing Yang to lose focus of anything that wasn't either of her lower holes, leading her to a second orgasm and her tongue hanging out and flopping wildly. Her legs were still being held up by Raven and Glynda stopping them from flinging about.
The high ramming speed into Yang's wonderful holes inevitably resulted in both Raven and Glynda orgasming and unleashing torrents of cum into their little cum-dump while the younger blonde was still experiencing her second orgasm continuously as her mommies only now stopped pounding her.
While Yang may have been okay with stopping and recovering from her orgasm, her mommies had a different idea.
Raven and Glynda looked at each other as they finished shooting their cum into Yang and both saw that the other was still reeling to go.
The two older lovers then lowered Yang's body so they were holding her horizontally on the bed.
Raven proceeded to enter Yang's slit while it was still oozing Glynda's seed and finding her girlfriend's warm cum in her daughter's slit pleasing around her cock
Glynda re-claimed Yang's mouth, her favorite hole, and hurriedly took Yang to the base of her cock and relished in the familiar feeling of her cock being in Yang's throat
Yang immediately orgasmed again from her pussy getting rammed and subsequently filled with Raven's cock and thanks to the dreamy feeling of Glynda's cock in her throat restricting her air in the best way while also bringing a great taste into her mouth.
Glynda and Raven immediately began pounding away into Yang's pussy and throat at the same time, in effect, helping each other press deeper into Yang which helped her already begin to near her fourth orgasm
"You know Glynda *hhnn* I think a vacation away from here...oh yah Yang take it…. I think it would be really nice for all of us...damn Yang your pussy is craving mommies cock isn't it?" Raven said while still forcefully pounding into Yang
"I think your… oh my god Yang your fucking tongue… I think that's a great idea Raven" Glynda said with one hand on Yang's head again
"What do you think Yang?" Raven asked while leaning down to plant a solitary kiss on Yang's back
Yang orgasmed yet again from the wonderful rough fucking her mommies were giving her combined with the sweet solitary kiss Raven placed on her back and the pair of dominatrixs took that as a yes.
Yang's spasming from her orgasm helped Raven reach her limit and hearing Raven's moans as she fucked her daughter very much helped Glynda reach her own orgasm.
"Oh that's right Yang, your pussy wants all the cum it can get" Raven said shooting her cum right into her daughter's cunt
"Damn Raven, your daughter was definitely born to suck cock" Glynda said coming down from her orgasming into Yang's mouth
"Well she was born to suck your cock, isn't that right sweetie?"
Yang muffled out happy noises around Glynda's cock as she also swallowed as much cum as she could
Eventually, Raven and Glynda pulled out of Yang and they see her plop onto the bed with cum oozing from her quivering pussy and some excess cum drooling out of her mouth.
"Well that was nice" Glynda said with a satisfied smile looking down at Yang with her eyes attempting to roll into the back of her head
"Yah, my daughter is a pretty good fuck, but how about you fuck me for once. I still got that pussy you loved to pound back then.
"You're right, I have wanted to pound you again for some time so… get on your hands and knees, now." Glynda said in a commanding tone
Some time ago, Raven may have played to have some attitude with Glynda for dominance, but she was still apologizing to Glynda for leaving for so long and decided just to be submissive
… for now.
The pair got off the bed, not wanting to work around Yang's passed out body and Raven got on her hands and knees on the carpet followed by Glynda lining up her cock with Raven's pussy.
Raven wiggled her ass a bit to tease her girlfriend and in response Glynda grabbed a hold of Raven's thighs, holding her steady.
Not a moment later, Glynda thrusted forward and speared Raven's pussy on her cock.
"Oh god…it's been way too long since you fucked me" Raven said letting out a lustful moan
"Agreed Raven *hnn!* your slit feels just as nice as I remember it, we'll have to do this more often, maybe when Yang's off in her other classes." Glynda says pounding into her girlfriend's pussy.
While the pair of dominatrixs are fucking roughly on the carpet just off the bed, Raven's submissive and lustful moans wake Yang from her unconsciousness
"….M-Mommy... You make such beautiful sounds" Yang said crawling over to Raven
"Heh... o-oh god Glynda" Raven squeaked out as Glynda continued to pound her
Yang had now crawled right in front of Raven and was pulled into a heated and lustful kiss by her mother with Yang returning passion in kind
Seeing the hot mother and daughter couple sloppily making out, combined with Raven's amazing cunt, put Glynda right on the edge of cumming
"Oh damn I'm about to cum!"
Raven immediately pulled herself away from Glynda's cock and before Glynda could ask what was going on, she found her cock now hilted in Raven's throat with Yang fervently licking Glynda's balls.
The dual stimulation sent Glynda over the edge and she came right into Raven's mouth.
After she had finished blowing her load into Raven mouth, Glynda was treated to the sight of Raven sharing that same cum with Yang in a sloppy make out with both taking obvious pleasure in their tongues wrestling for her cum.
.
.
.
The three of them unspokenly agreed to lay there on the ground with sheets pulled off of Glynda's bed covering them.
Raven was stroking Yang's beautiful hair while said blonde and Glynda were passionately making out,
After watching Yang and Glynda explore each other's mouths with their tongues, Raven said
"So my clan was able to secure us a nice place on the shores of Mistral and I have plenty of ideas for things we could try out there all secluded from society and all alone, but if you have any COMMENTS or SUGGESTIONS I'd love to hear them." Raven said breaking the fourth wall subtly to help the author talk with the audience as the story ends…
…..
…..
…
..
.
.
.
.
Now.
by Joseph Mahmoud
Mar Louis Sako calls on the faithful not to celebrate Christmas and New Year in a "worldly" fashion, with pomp and abundance, out of solidarity with the people who fled the Nineveh plains, persecuted by the Islamic Army. AsiaNews is joining the fast proposed by the Patriarch and calls on all readers to give what they would have otherwise spent in support of the campaign 'Adopt a Christian from Mosul'.
Erbil (AsiaNews) - The Chaldean Patriarch of Baghdad Raphael Louis Sako calls on Iraqi Christians to fast on Christmas Eve in order to implore the Lord for the return of refugees in Mosul and the Nineveh plains. At the same time, he asks the faithful not to organise "any worldly celebration" for Christmas and New Year as "a sign of solidarity with their displaced brothers and sisters, who are going through indescribable suffering."
Speaking about his recent visits to "refugee camps in Ankawa and Alqosh as well as the villages of Amadiya and Aqra," the Chaldean patriarch noted that in such places, "I met the priests in Zakho, and I experienced how heavy and painful their cross is."
The locations mentioned are in Kurdistan, where more than 120,000 Christians have found refuge after they fled Mosul and the Nineveh plains fearing for their life, hunted and hounded by the Islamic Army.
In his message of best wishes for the upcoming Christmas, the prelate suggests to all Christians to live Advent "by fasting, prayer, reflection and charity."
For this reason, he urges them to fast from Monday 22 December until night on 24 December, not touching food or drink until noon, as "in the days of Ba'utha". The Fast of Ba'utha commemorates what the prophet Jonah brought to the people of Nineveh for their conversion.
"We fast," the Patriarch said, "for the liberation of Mosul and the villages of the Nineveh plains, so that peace and security will return to these areas, and everyone will be able to return to his or her home, job and school."
Indeed, "Let us remember what Christ said, 'But this kind (the demon) does not come out except by prayer and fasting' (Mt, 17:21). We are certain that the birth of Christ, who shared our personal history and that of humanity, will listen to our prayers and will accept our fasting and realise our hope and desire to return to our homes and live our lives as normal as before."
In view of this, Mar Sako urges "all Christians not to organise any kind of worldly celebration at Christmas or New Year, given such bitter circumstances, as a sign of solidarity with their displaced brothers and sisters who are going through indescribable suffering."
Wishing you a Merry Christmas "in our hearts and in our refugee camps," the patriarch calls for "fasting and giving a hand to the needy, visiting them and consoling them."
As Christmas approaches, AsiaNews urges its readers to fast as Patriarch Sako suggests, asking them to contribute what they would have otherwise spent to the campaign 'Adopt a Christian from Mosul,' following the usual procedures.
Design features
Size
Approximately 132mm x 69mm.
Main denomination colours
Brown / Orange.
Denomination numeral
The large number 10 and £ symbol in the top left corner of the front of the note help you easily see its value. There is also a number 10 in the top right corner and in the bottom right corner.
Unique numbering
A unique serial number is printed horizontally and vertically on the back of the note. The horizontal numbers are in the bottom right corner. It is made up of multi-coloured letters and numbers, which increase in height from left to right. The vertical number runs down the left-hand side and the numbers and letters are the same height and colour.
Tactile feature
On the front of the note there are two clusters of raised dots in the top left hand corner. This tactile feature helps blind and partially sighted people identify the value of the note.
Copyright symbols
The international copyright symbol is included on the front and back of the note, below the ‘Ten pounds' text.
Design
Collaborative design work by De La Rue, CCL Secure and the Bank of England.
Historical character: Jane Austen
Jane Austen's novels have a universal appeal and speak as powerfully today as they did when they were first published. Her books have been translated into over 40 languages of which there have been countless film and television adaptations. She used wit and satire to provide insights into everyday life among the landed gentry at the end of the 18th century. She rejected the sentimental style of many contemporary writers in favour of irony and cynicism, which she used to highlight the social conventions that constrained women.
Jane began to write when she was just 11 years old, and by the age of 23 she had already drafted early versions of some of her most famous novels, including Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. All of Jane's work was published anonymously so, despite the fact her work was generally well received and even became fashionable in some circles, she achieved little recognition until after her death.
The note was issued in 2017 which coincides with the 200th anniversary of Jane Austen's death. She is buried at Winchester Cathedral, which appears on the new £10 note.
Beginning January 1, 2013, Croatia will no longer criminally prosecute citizens caught with small amounts of marijuana and other drugs. Possession for personal use is being downgraded to a minor offense in the former Yugoslavian republic.
But growing cannabis, even for personal or medical consumption, will remain a criminal offense, and those growing it will still risk facing a fine and up to three years in prison, reports the
A working group from Croatia's Ministry of Justice suggested that the possession of small amounts of drugs should be decriminalized, the the group hasn't yet proposed regulations regarding the production of marijuana for those with chronic health problems.
Croatia's Justice Minister passed the buck to the Ministry of Health on the medical marijuana issue.
“We cannot regulate criminal law, because it is not up to the Ministry of Justice to decide which substances, when it comes to medical purposes, should be prohibited, and which should not,” said Justice Minister Orsat Miljenic.
“The decision on whether a drug is a medicine or not is up to the Ministry of Health,” Miljenic said. “Everything that a is on the list of banned substances shall be punished in some way.”
Last year, Prime Minister Jadranka Kosor, the first female prime minister of Croatia, said that her party, the conservative Christian Democratic Union, would not support decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana.
“A decriminalization of the possession of quantities of any sort of drugs has never been acceptable to our party,” Kosor said.
No distinction is made in Croatian law between marijuana and other illegal substances. According to current law, growing or sale of cannabis (or any other illegal drug) is considered a felony punishable by a mandatory three-year prison sentence.
The possession of any amount in Croatia is currently a felony with either a fine or a one-year prison sentence, depending on the circumstances of the case, although people arrested with smaller amounts of cannabis are typically just fined.
The possibility of decriminalizing small amounts of drugs was mentioned in October 2010 by then-Minister of Justice Drazen Bošnjaković, who said such reforms were “a trend everywhere in Europe.”
Iranians celebrate US payment as 'ransom money,' but Obama claims simply that 'the time was right to resolve old disputes.'
According to briefings of US and European officials, the Obama administrations secretly funneled 400 million dollars in cash to the Iranians back in January, as reported by The Wall Street Journal.
The revelation was particularly notable in that it coincided with the release of four American prisoners being held by the Iranians, leading to speculation that the payment was, indeed, a ransom payment.
In turn, if this is true, the entire foundation of the Iran Nuclear Deal, which presumes an already friendlier relationship with Iran, is thrown into question.
Obama dismissed the claims of a ransom payment, claiming it was simply the right time to pay off an old debt from a decades-old failed arms deal: “with the nuclear deal done, and prisoners released, the time was right to resolve this dispute as well,” he said.
State Department spokesman John Kirby also dismissed claims of a connection between the release of the prisoners and the payment: "As we've made clear, the negotiations over the settlement of an outstanding claim…were completely separate from the discussions about returning our American citizens home," he said. “Not only were the two negotiations separate, they were conducted by different teams on each side."
Nevertheless, US officials have acknowledged that the Iranian negotiators had said that they wanted something tangible to show for the prisoner release. Further, according to Iranian press reports, Iranian defense officials have portrayed the cash shipment as a ransom payment, as reported by WSJ.
THE mother of a three-year-old Aboriginal girl who was racially attacked at a Melbourne shopping centre says she is overwhelmed with the outpouring of public support she's received.
Rachel Muir took her daughter Samara to a Disney-themed event at Watergardens shopping centre in Taylor Lakes last month.
Dressed as Elsa from the hit animated film Frozen, Samara was waiting in line for the snow pit when another woman and her two daughters started throwing racial slurs.
“The lady in front of us turned around to Samara and said ‘I don't know why you're dressed up for because Queen Elsa isn't black',” Ms Muir, from Ballarat, told The Courier.
“I asked the woman what she meant by the comment and then one of the woman's young daughters screwed up her face, she pointed at Samara and said ‘you're black and black is ugly'.”
Ms Muir said Samara burst into tears and covered her face.
“I looked around the line and there were little girls of all different races lining up dressed as their favourite Disney characters,” she said.
“We were in Melbourne, one of the most multicultural places in the world. I couldn't believe it.”
In a Facebook post which has now been shared thousands of times, Ms Muir vented her frustration.
“My daughter was in tears when we were at Watergardens for the Frozen activities as a mother & her 2 daughters told my daughter don't know why you dressed up for coz Anna & Elisa aren't Black & Black is ugly & your [sic] Black,” she wrote.
“Not nice. Still Racism is alive & well in the next generation.”
The incident made Samara feel ashamed about her skin colour and reluctant to attend her weekly Aboriginal dance class.
“When I asked why she didn't want to go, she pointed at the skin on her arm and asked why she was black,” Ms Muir said.
“I told her ‘because God gave you that skin colour, because you're a proud blackfella like mum'.”
Since speaking to the media, Samara and Rachel have received hundreds of messages of support online. Samara has been invited to perform in the Disney on Ice Dare to Dream show and indigenous rapper Adam Briggs has invited her to star in his new music video — she will play a young Cathy Freeman.
“We are very overwhelmed and shocked by the kindness of people. I didn't think people would care so much,” Ms Muir told The Courier.
“I can't express how much it has meant to us. I just thought it would be a story people would click past and forget. To know that she has touched so many people … that they see her how I see her, is just incredible.”
Ms Muir said she reads all the messages to her daughter.
“After every message Samara smiles and says ‘thankyou your majesty',” Ms Muir said.
“She is back to her proud, beautiful Aboriginal self.”
When it comes to chucking 3s in the NBA, quantity is the name of the game — but what about consistency?
When it comes to chucking 3s in the NBA, quantity is the name of the game — but what about consistency?
Last season, the Miami Heat had some guys throwing real knuckleballs from downtown. James Johnson's 3-point shot is said to still be completing its first rotation. However, Miami did have one guy on the other end of the spectrum in particular--Wayne Ellington, journeyman, and sharpshooter.
Ellington averaged six 3s per game and knocked down nearly 38 percent of them — he was one of 16 NBA players to do so in 2017.
Ellington didn't just have a good season from deep, though; he had a consistent one as well. Ellington's 3-point shooting yielded a standard deviation of .219 (a measure of how far Ellington's variances are from the mean for his 3-point percentage for 2016-17).
For context, in 2017, James Johnson's 3-point shooting yielded a standard deviation of .302. Stephen Curry's was .173, similar to 2007-08 Ray Allen's mark of .174 when the Boston Celtics won the title, which is crazy when you consider these guys shoot around 40 percent from 3.
Ellington not only takes and makes the most 3s in South Beach, but he is also very reliable game to game and shot to shot.
Goran Dragic (40.5), Dion Waiters (39.5) and Luke Babbitt (41.1) shot a better percentage from 3 than Ellington last year. However, they all had higher standard deviations than Ellington — considerably so in the cases of Dragic and Babbitt. Though they all enjoyed a higher shooting percentage in the aggregate, they weren't as true to their season-long shooting percentages as Ellington, game to game, shot to shot.
Graham Carroll in the bedroom he converted for sim racing. He quit the real thing because he lacked the cash to match his talent David Cheskin/ The Times
When Graham Carroll climbed into his parents' loft and sat down in front of a car racing computer game he could never have imagined that it would lead to a $1 million prize race in Las Vegas.
Now the former champion racing driver, who was forced to give up his dream of turning professional because of the sport's sky-high costs, is in pole position to win the world's biggest sim racing championship.
He won an unprecedented five British and Scottish national racing car championships in 2008 in an 18-year-old car.
He had the motorsport world at his feet, offers to drive in professional teams across Europe flooded in and the path to Formula One greatness lay before him if he could only achieve his potential.
Years of patina are being removed as restoration work continues on the memorial to Gen. Ulysses S. Grant outside the U.S. Capitol. Restoration work will include cleaning, waxing, repairing the existing bronze and providing new bronze castings of missing or broken items.
Aug. 20, 2015 Years of patina are being removed as restoration work continues on the memorial to Gen. Ulysses S. Grant outside the U.S. Capitol. Restoration work will include cleaning, waxing, repairing the existing bronze and providing new bronze castings of missing or broken items. Pete Marovich/For The Washington Post
The memorial, which overlooks the Capitol reflecting pool, is as much a tribute to its sculptor, Henry Merwin Shrady, as it is to Grant.
The memorial, which overlooks the Capitol Reflecting Pool, is as much a tribute to its sculptor, Henry Merwin Shrady, as it is to Gen. Ulysses S. Grant.
The memorial, which overlooks the Capitol Reflecting Pool, is as much a tribute to its sculptor, Henry Merwin Shrady, as it is to Gen. Ulysses S. Grant.
The bronze face looks etched with worry, the brow creased, the eyes sunken from overwork.
It is not the face of a soldier about to be trampled by charging cavalry horses. But that is how the sculptor, Henry Merwin Shrady, chose to depict himself in a corner of his memorial to Gen. Ulysses S. Grant outside the U.S. Capitol.
Weary. Sick. Beleaguered.
Shrady gave his life to the creation of the Grant Memorial in Union Square, just west of the Capitol. He spent 20 years executing it. In the making, parts of it were twice almost destroyed by fire. And he died two weeks before its dedication in 1922.
Now, 93 years later, the little-known but majestic sculpture — tattered, stained and corroded — is undergoing a months-long restoration by the Architect of the Capitol.
A worker is seen at the Grant Memorial in front of the Capitol during construction of the memorial. (Library of Congress)
[Union Square goes to the Architect of the Capitol.]
Scaffolding has surrounded the memorial since spring. And experts have been scouring the surface and working to replace some of the 60 swords, scabbards and other items that have been pilfered over time.
The memorial's eight bronze lampposts vanished long ago, officials said. They will not be replaced.
The memorial, which overlooks the Capitol Reflecting Pool at the opposite end of the Mall from the Lincoln Memorial, is as much a tribute to Shrady as to Grant, wrote Washington historian James M. Goode in his book “The Outdoor Sculpture of Washington, D.C.”
And it is haunted by stories of the great Civil War general and president as well as of the tormented sculptor.
[Remembering the Civil War]
The three-part memorial depicts Grant, the solitary commander, on horseback, swathed in cloak and hat as if on the battlefield. He is flanked on the south by a galloping horse artillery unit and on the north by a charging cavalry group.
Restoration work continues on the Grant Memorial located in Union Square in Washington. (Pete Marovich/For The Washington Post)
The cavalry and artillery elements are dynamic, with plunging horses and riders shouting orders, with a sword raised and flags flying.
“You can sit on a bench and almost be in the action,” said Architect of the Capitol curator Michele Cohen. “It's so dramatic. I almost think of it as cinematographic. It's as if you're sitting in the front row of a movie.
“You can almost hear the roar of the cavalry charging,” she said.
Shrady, who was a native of New York, went to extreme lengths to capture the drama.
He studied and dissected horses to capture their structure precisely. He borrowed the prized stallion of the New York Police Department's mounted division to study in his studio.
He also borrowed Civil War-era uniforms and equipment from the Army. He modeled the artillery soldiers on three West Point cadets and the cavalry on friends, such as artists Maxfield Parrish and Edward Penfield, according to Goode.
And he used a mirror to sculpt himself as the fallen cavalry rider.
[Where are these 15 lesser-known memorials of Washington?]
He sketched on notepaper, on letters, on a wedding invitation. He modeled the lead horse in the cavalry group nine times before he got it right, and his thumbprints are captured in the bronze, according to Goode's book.
Shrady also requested — and was given — 10 deadline extensions, underwent at least one surgery during the project and had several hospital stays related to overwork.
He was under intense pressure from officials in Washington to finish the work that had taken almost 20 years of effort. The original contract was for five years, Cohen said. He was supposed to be finished in 1908.
“Steps must be taken at once to insure the entire completion of this memorial,” Lt. Col. C.O. Sherrill, of the Army's Corps of Engineers and the Office of Public Buildings and Grounds, wrote him on June 20, 1921.
Sherrill demanded to know when the memorial would be finished and threatened to urge that Shrady's contract be canceled, according to old letters provided by the Architect of the Capitol.
Shrady died 10 months later at the age of 50.
He had made headlines when he landed the $250,000 commission for the Grant Memorial in 1902 as an inexperienced, 31-year-old sculptor.
But the jury liked his concept for the memorial. And it may not have hurt that his father, George Frederick Shrady Sr., was the one of the lead physicians who treated Grant as he was dying from throat cancer 17 years earlier.
The younger Shrady studied Grant's death mask and “had some understanding of Grant, the man, based on his father's observations and interactions,” Cohen said.
Indeed, hidden on the base of the Grant statue is a small, weathered plaque dedicating the statue to the elder Shrady, who had died in 1907.
Grant had been extremely popular after the war and his presidency. His funeral in New York City in 1885 was enormous.
For the young sculptor, the job of memorializing him was overwhelming.
“I was a boy when I won the competition, and never realized the great task before me,” Shrady wrote in 1921, requesting one final extension. “The cost of this work has been so great . . . [but] I have not neglected to give my best efforts . . . to make the statue worthy of my country.”
In the end, it did him in.
“It was an enormous struggle,” Cohen said in a recent interview. “Yes, this was a labor of love, but it literally did kill him.”
The elements of the memorial were cast in Brooklyn and arrived piece by piece in Washington over the years — the artillery group in 1912, the cavalry group in 1916 and finally the 10,000-pound-plus Grant statue in 1921, according to news reports at the time.
At the memorial last Thursday, T. Scott Kreilick, whose Oreland, Pa., firm is doing the work, said that his crew is removing corrosion with a micro-abrasive power spray of water and limestone.
Missing or broken elements are being recast, and some will be replaced.
The memorial statues, now light green in color, will be returned close to their original light brown through the application of a new patina and a coating of lacquer and wax, Kreilick said.
And the part of the cavalry sculpture depicting Shrady's worried face? “I would guess he may have felt that way after this project,” he said.
The memorial, still incomplete, was dedicated before Vice President Calvin Coolidge and a large crowd on April 27, 1922, the 100th anniversary of Grant's birth.
Shrady had died in a New York hospital on April 12.
At some point later, a small plaque was placed on the artillery group identifying the sculptor and the West Point soldiers who were models.
But Shrady's middle name was spelled “Marvin,” instead of Merwin.
It has never been corrected.
A man threw ink at the Sahara chief Subrata Roy on Tuesday as he was brought to the Supreme Court days after he was arrested for failing to appear in connection with a case in which his company was directed to return Rs 20,000 crore to investors.
Reports said that the protester was detained and taken away by the police. Roy's face with ink was visible as he was being taken inside the court.
Watch video: Subrata Roy gets ink thrown at him
"Yeh gareebon ka chor hai," said the man outside the Supreme Court.
He said his name is Manoj Sharma and claimed that he is a lawyer from Gwalior, reports said.
Roy was arrested on Friday after failing to appear at a Supreme Court hearing which he says he missed attending to his ailing mother.
Roy and unlisted Sahara have long been subjects of mystery. Roy is prone to public shows of patriotism and full-page newspaper ads defending Sahara against the authorities, and is often photographed with Bollywood stars and cricketers.
Sahara itself is best known as the former main sponsor of the national cricket team, as well as owner of New York's Plaza Hotel and London's Grosvenor House. It has a net worth of $11 billion and more than 36,000 acres of real estate, according to its website.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) says Sahara failed to comply with a 2012 court order to repay billions of dollars to investors. Sahara says it repaid most investors and that its remaining liability was less than the Rs. 51.2 billion it deposited with Sebi.
"The question is money. Where is the money and when will it be paid," said Dushyant Dave, a Supreme Court lawyer who has represented Sahara in the past.
The Supreme Court, which has expressed frustration at Sahara's conduct, had ordered Sahara to disclose the details and source of funds from which it said it repaid investors, but a lawyer for the regulator told the court in late January that Sahara had not given the details.
Sahara had offered to give Sebi title deeds of properties it said were worth Rs. 200 billion as security, but the regulator said the properties were far over-valued. The court also ordered that Sahara not sell any of its property.
Read:Sahara likely to suffer if Roy remains out of action for long
Sebi declined to comment on the case on Monday and a Sahara spokesman did not reply to calls and emails seeking comment.
Sahara's core business includes selling financial products, largely to small investors in towns and rural areas. It was two such products, later ruled illegal, that drew SEBI's attention.
Critics, including activist groups, argue Sahara's investment products are designed to evade regulatory oversight and that the company lacks transparency on the source and use of funds.
Police went looking for Roy on Thursday at his sprawling Sahara Shaher estate in Lucknow.
Roy turned himself in on Friday and denied he had been "absconding," saying he was meeting doctors over the condition of his 92-year-old mother, as well as a lawyer, and was taken to a government guest house in a forested area on the outskirts of Lucknow.
Man of Mystery
Roy started out from Gorakhpur in the hardscrabble east of Uttar Pradesh and styles himself a man of the people, though he also makes a show of opulent living and is often photographed with celebrities.
Like many Indian business leaders, he is perceived to be close to politicians.
He is often described in the media as a billionaire, but last year said his assets were less than $1 million.
Read:Sahara chief taken by road for SC appearance
His titles at the Sahara are chairman and managing worker, and he refers to himself as "guardian of the world's largest family" of more than one million employees and agents.
In interview with Reuters last May, he seemed relaxed, asking a visitor about his family and whether he's had lunch.
"I'm a very happy person. I am never in tension," he said.
Roy, who often wears a white shirt, black waistcoat and black tie bearing a Sahara logo, last May dismissed the suggestion that he was relishing his headline-making dispute with Sebi.
"Nobody relishes battle," he said in May.
"But I have learned one thing from my father right from childhood: that if somebody's good this much to you, be good double to him. If somebody's bad this much, be bad to them double. And he has very clearly taught us, don't accept injustice."
(With Reuters inputs)
First Published: Mar 04, 2014 11:42 IST
Canadians are feeling to spread thin this month. Two in every five people can't afford the extra costs that come with the holiday season but feel pressured to take part anyway, especially when it comes to spending on gifts.
And shopping budgets are rising in tandem, a new Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce survey finds, up 8 per cent this year to an average of $643 across Canada; other spending, on expenses such as decor, entertaining, and boxing-day sales, averages $291. Consumers, in turn, are stressed. Nearly two-thirds of the survey's 1,512 respondents called holiday spending "out of control." Slightly over half already expect to go over budget.
Three-quarters of Canadians would rather save more money during the Christmas season. It might be time, the bank says, for Canadians to "reset expectations" when it comes to the holidays, and to be more open with loved ones about the financial stress the season can bring. "Your family and friends may be feeling it as well," says Kathleen Woodard, CIBC's senior vice-president and regional head for Ontario.
Story continues below advertisement
So this is an opportunity, she continues, to have honest conversations "about how you choose to spend that holiday time in a way that is meaningful to you, and reflects your shared values."
While half of consumers will use cash or debit to cover costs, 59 per cent said they will use credit – up from 46 per cent last year, though most credit card users expect to pay off their balances quickly. And rewards points and gift cards are becoming more popular, the survey found – especially among women, millennials and people living in Atlantic Canada.
Scott Terrio, an insolvency expert and president of Debt Savvy in Toronto, says he doesn't see many insolvency filings in December "because people are really busy getting into trouble." Then, in mid-January, his four busiest months of the year begin. He has a ready-made list of suggestions for people looking to curb their spending in the Christmas season.
"Cash hurts," Mr. Terrio says, since handing it over feels like so much more of a tangible loss than tapping a card. Separate that cash into envelopes for each person on your gift list, he continues; that'll let you realize just how finite your budget is. Letting yourself browse malls is a trigger to spend, too: "Go and buy – don't shop." And save extra money by hitting a dollar store for anything you're going to throw out anyway, such as wrapping paper and tape, he says.
Some consumers are adapting how they handle the season to curb stress and overspending: 38 per cent said they've already changed a tradition; 43 per cent put hard limits on gift spending; and one in five Canadians are turning to a single gift exchange, like a Secret Santa.
A quarter of respondents said they're turning away from gift exchanges altogether, while 14 per cent said they spend money on a shared experience with loved ones.
The Atlantic region had the biggest budgets among all age groups, at $827, while Quebec had the lowest, at $479. Consumers aged 35-to-54 expect to be the biggest spenders this year, with average shopping budgets of $669 – roughly the same as last year. Millennials, meanwhile, are planning for a 39-per-cent jump in holiday shopping spending this year, at $555 on average.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Especially for younger consumers, there can be a pressure to spend and shop at the same rate as parents or grandparents – but that doesn't mean they should spend beyond their resources, says Andrea Thompson, a senior financial planner with Raymond James Ltd.'s Coleman Wealth in Toronto. "There's a lot of pressure from a lot of sources to maintain appearances," she says.
On top of sticking to a dedicated budget, she recommends starting to set aside money for the holidays as far ahead as January to have a cash-flow reserve ready. And what family often wants most, she points out, is simply to spend time together. "If you give them the gift of having everyone over for a lovely meal," Ms. Thompson says, "that probably goes a lot further than a $25 gift certificate to Apple."
*(Editor's note: An earlier version of this story had an incorrect place of employment for Mr. Terrio. It has since been changed.)
The sweeping election victory of Justin Trudeau's Liberal Party has thrust Canada's economic woes into the global spotlight.
The commodity-based economy is technically in a recession, owing in part to this year's fall in oil prices. But the country is also suffering from deeper structural problems. Addressing these challenges and building an economy for the 21st century are among the key challenges facing Canada's new prime minister.
Reliance on crude oil
Canada's economy, ranked 11th in the world by GDP, has focused on resource extraction in recent years. While crude oil, Canada's big commodity export, helped the country get through the global financial crisis relatively unscathed, the low oil price is now putting the economy under severe strain. This year, Canada's economic performance has been the worst among a small group of developed economies that depend heavily on resources, such as Norway and Australia. Between June 2014 and July 2015, revenue from Canadian energy exports decreased 34.6%, forcing producers to cut back on jobs and investments.
Structural problems
The drop in global energy prices is not the only reason for Canada's sluggish economy. There is much hand-wringing over Canada's lack of innovative, globally competitive companies at a time when its traditional manufacturing industries are being eroded. Canada trails other developed economies in areas including corporate research and development, information technology investments, patents and productivity.
Debt and overvalued housing
There are concerns that ultra-low interest rates, currently at 0.5%, have been driving unsustainable housing booms, particularly in Toronto and Vancouver.
Consumer debt is at a record 165% of disposable income, with most of the borrowing going into buying houses. Bank of Canada Governor Stephen Poloz said that increasing levels of household debt represent “a key vulnerability for the financial system”.
Budget deficits and spending
Canada's recession made stimulating economic growth a key topic in the election. Conservative leader Stephen Harper, who stepped down after almost a decade in power, pledged to run a balanced budget. In contrast, Trudeau said he would tackle the economic downturn by running budget deficits of $25 billion over the next three years to fund infrastructure. The incoming prime minister has also pledged to cut income taxes for middle-class Canadians while increasing them for the wealthy.
The Keystone oil pipeline
Mr Trudeau plans to address environmental concerns over proposals for the controversial Keystone oil pipeline, which has put relations between the US and Canada under strain. Mr Harper had hoped the pipeline, which would carry crude from Alberta to Texas, would create jobs, but President Obama vetoed the plan.
To keep up with the Agenda subscribe to our weekly newsletter.
Author: Rosamond Hutt is a Senior Producer at Formative Content.
Image: A view of downtown Montreal from the Kondiaronk Belvedere mountain top lookout and the Chalet du Mont Royal, August 12, 2009. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier
Thank you to everyone who uses and supports this price guide. The goal is for this to be a community guide, and I need your help to keep this as accurate and up to date as possible. Please PM me on forums or leave a comment if you think anything needs an update. Thanks!
Changelog (last 2 updates):
3/3
- Changed agate from 7-9 to 8-9.
- Astral and elder down to 13-16 from 14-16.
- Put lower ranges on the sucky exa rings (vit/wis/att/dex/spd).
- Increased exa hp from 10-12 to 11-12.
- Lowered the range of EP from 30-35 to 25-35.
- Cstaff down to 2-3 from 3-4.
3/2
- Astral and Elder seem to be deflating a bit. Dropping it to 14-16 from 15-16 for now.
- Moved cwand up to 35+ from 30+. Still really unstable.
READ THIS FIRST:
*****
The following is a price guide. Use it as a suggestion for the approximate value of a RotMG item in a trade. Please note however that there is no such thing as a "correct" price. Items do not have some sort of inherent price, and these prices aren't determined by me or any other one person. Also remember that prices change, and can change very quickly (which is why I try to keep this guide updated daily).
So who determines these prices? The answer is... everyone. These prices are the result of the basic laws of economics: supply and demand. Most people understand the supply part of this equation: the rarer and more hard to find an item is, the more it's worth. However, what's just as important as supply is demand: if no one wants an item, no matter how rare it is, its price will be low. If everyone wants an item, the item can be extremely common and yet still have a relatively high price.
For example, let's take a look at 2 changes from Build 121 and their effect on prices. First, Build 121 made crystals much rarer. This decreased the supply of crystal weapons, and thus the value of crystal weapons went up. Second, Build 121 disabled teleportation to cloaked rogues. This may seem like a small change, but it was a buff nonetheless and increased the popularity of rogues. As a result, the demand for rogue weapons went up and increased the price of agates, griffs, and endless twilights (among other things).
*****
I am aware Sent has a price guide here, and it's a great one. It can't hurt to get another set of opinions out there on the average prices. There is no such thing as an “official” price guide. After all, there is not one correct price for any item, and prices are not determined by any one person or group - prices are generated simply via the basic laws of supply and demand. I hope people can use both this price guide and Sent's price guide to make an informed decision or judgment for themselves.
Also note that this is a community guide, so please comment if you see something that looks inaccurate and I'll update the guide accordingly if it's reasonable. Enjoy!
Potions
Pots are used as the currency of RotMG, with defense pots as the base unit. Most of the items in this guide will be priced by def pots.
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Speed spd 0.25 def (4:1 spd:def) Recent inflation due to build 121 and lag issues causing more deaths. I'm putting this at 4:1 now since that seems to be the most commonly traded value. Note that occasionally you'll see 3:1 or 5:1 trades though, depending on the buyer/seller of course. Dexterity dex 0.33 def (3:1 dex:def) See comments for spd. I still see 7:2 trades or even the occasional 4:1 trade but 3:1 is the most common. Attack att, atk 0.4 def (5:2 att:def) See comments for spd. 2:1 and 3:1 are still seen occasionally as well. Wisdom wis 0.5 def (2:1 wis:def) Vitality vit 1.25 def (4:5 vit:def) Demand for vit has fallen, no one really buys vit for 2:3 vit:def anymore. 3:4 and 4:5 are common trades. Life 5.5 def Price of life pots seem to be dropping back down a bit, between 5.5-6.
Tier 8 Weapons/Armors and Tier 4 Abilities
While some people believe that all T8/T4 items are worth 1 spd, it's not really true since although they are all fairly common, the demand for them vary greatly. This faulty logic (all T8/T4's are worth 1 spd) is why sometimes horrors are still traded at 1 spd, even though they are worth a bit more (such as a dex or att). On the other hand, some T8/T4's such as ravens and dscales have such a small demand that they aren't even really worth 1 spd. But since there's nothing worth less than 1 spd, when they are traded, they are still traded for 1 spd. This is what I mean when I put the price as “< 1.”
Everything lower than T8 weapons/armors and T4 abilities is worthless, with the exceptions being the T3 skull (since some necros prefer its lower MP cost), and the T7 staff and robe (which can sometimes be traded for 1 spd since the value of T8 staff and robe is greater than 1 spd).
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Staff of Horror horror 1-2 spd Golden Bow gbow 1 spd Fire Dagger fdagger 1 spd Wand of Death death, death wand 1 spd Ravenheart Sword raven < 1 spd Robe of the Master master 1-2 spd Drake Hide Armor drake, dhide 1 spd Dragonscale Armor dscale < 1 spd Destruction Sphere Spell dsphere 1-2 spd Tome of Renewing renewing 1-2 spd Essence Tap Skull ess tap, etap 1-2 spd Cloak of the Red Agent 1-2 spd Magesteel Quiver magesteel 1 spd Seal of the Divine divine seal < 1 spd Golden Shield gshield < 1 spd Steel Helm < 1 spd Demonhunter Trap demonhunter < 1 spd Cloudflash Scepter cloudflash < 1 spd Felwasp Toxin felwasp < 1 spd Timelock Orb timelock < 1 spd Prism of Figments < 1 spd
Tier 9 Weapons/Armors
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Staff of Necrotic Arcana necrotic, necro staff 1.5-2 def Verdant Bow vbow 0.4-1 def (1att-1def) Ragetalon Dagger rage 0.4-1 def (1att-1def) Wand of Deep Sorcery dsorc 1-2 spd Dragonsoul Sword dsoul 1-2 spd Robe of the Shadow Magus magus 1.5-2 def Roc Leather Armor roc 1 def Desolation Armor deso 1-2 spd
Tier 10 Weapons/Armors
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Staff of Diabolical Secrets dia 4 def Bow of Fey Magic fbow, fey 1.5-2 def Emeraldshard Dagger emmy 2 def Wand of Shadow shadow, shadow wand 0.5-1 def Archon Sword archon 0.5-1 def Robe of the Moon Wizard moon 4 def Hippogriff Hide Armor hippo 2-3 def Recent inflation from 2 def to sometimes 3 now. Vengeance Armor veng 0.5-1 def
Tier 11 Weapons/Armors “Old Tops”
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Staff of Astral Knowledge astral 13-16 def Bow of Innocent Blood bbow 5-6 def Agateclaw Dagger agate 8-9 def Value is currently increasing and a bit unstable. Wand of Ancient Warning ancient, ancient wand 3-4 def Slight increase due to cwands becoming really hard to get. Skysplitter Sword sky 3-4 def Melee classes seem to be getting a tad more popular lately, and I've seen sky/aby go for 4 now. Robe of the Elder Warlock elder 13-16 def Griffon Hide Armor griff 7-8 def Recent inflation due to increase in popularity of rogues. Abyssal Armor aby 3-4 def Melee classes seem to be a tad more popular lately, and I've seen sky/aby go for 4 now.
Tier 5 Abilities
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Magic Nova Spell mnova 14-16 def The price of this has steadily been going up for the past month or so. Tome of Divine Favor divine 8-10 def Golden Quiver gquiver 5-6 def Cloak of Endless Twilight twi, twilight 11-12 def Recent inflation due to Build 121's Rogue buff. Value is still increasing. Lifedrinker Skull lifedrink 3-4 def Mithril Shield mith shield 4-5 def Nightwing Venom nightwing 4-5 def Golden Helm ghelm 2-3 def Seal of the Holy Warrior zseal 2-3 def Scepter of Skybolts skybolt 2-3 def Dragonstalker Trap dragonstalker, dtrap 0.5-1 def Banishment Orb 1-3 spd Prism of Phantoms 1-3 spd
Rings
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Ring of Superior Defense sup def 1 spd Ring of Superior Health sup hp 1 spd Ring of Paramount Defense para def 1.5-2 def Ring of Paramount Health para hp 1-1.5 def Ring of Paramount Magic para mp 1 spd Ring of Paramount Dexterity para dex 1 spd Ring of Paramount Attack para att 1 spd Ring of Paramount Wisdom para wis < 1 spd Ring of Paramount Vitality para vit < 1 spd Ring of Paramount Speed para spd < 1 spd Ring of Exalted Defense exa def 12 def Ring of Exalted Health exa hp 11-12 def Seems like exa HP has started to become more popular than exa defs, and the price of this is slightly increasing. Ring of Exalted Magic exa mp 2-3 def Ring of Exalted Dexterity exa dex 1-2 def Ring of Exalted Attack exa att 1-2 def Ring of Exalted Wisdom exa wis 0.5-1 def Ring of Exalted Vitality exa vit 0.5-1 def Ring of Exalted Speed exa spd 0.5-1 def
Tier 12 Weapons/Armors and Tier 6 Abilities “WC Tops”
These items are among the rarest in the game, so it's still common for these items to be traded at prices that differ greatly from these “average” prices.
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Staff of the Cosmic Whole cosmic 60-75 def Bow of Covert Havens cbow, covert 35-45 def Dagger of Foul Malevolence foul 35-45 def Wand of Recompense recomp 15-30 def Sword of Acclaim acclaim 20-35 def Increasing a little due to sword buff next build. Robe of the Grand Sorcerer gsorc 70-85 def Hydra Skin Armor hydra 35-45 def Acropolis Armor acrop 20-30 def Elemental Detonation Spell ele det, deto, detonation 90-110 def Tome of Holy Guidance guidance 60-80 def Bloodsucker Skull bloodsucker 20-30 def Cloak of Ghostly Concealment ghostly 30-40 def Quiver of Elvish Mastery elvish 40-50 def Seal of the Blessed Champion golden cookie 25-35 def Colossus Shield colossus 35-45 def Helm of the Great General 25-35 def Giantcatcher Trap giantcatcher 10-20 def Scepter of Storms 10-20 def Baneserpent Poison baneserpent, milk 20-30 def Planefetter Orb planefetter 10-20 def Prism of Apparitions apparition 10-20 def
Untiereds
Item Nicknames Picture Price Trends/Comments Wine Cellar Incantation inc 40-45 def Inflated a bit recently, 40 def seems to be the average price. Amulet of Resurrection ammy 140-200 def The value of these things just keep going up. Seems like when trading WC tops the price usually is around 180-200, while trading pots and other more easily tradeable items the price is around 140-160. Crystal Sword csword 8-10 def Inflation due to Build 121 making crystals much rarer, but price still unstable. Also sword range buff next patch. Crystal Wand cwand 35+ def Inflation due to Build 121 making crystals much rarer, but price still unstable. This is quickly becoming a priceless item. People are paying a LOT for this, and now trying to pinpoint a value or even a price range is futile. Wand of the Bulwark bulwark 45-55 def Staff of Extreme Prejudice EP 25-35 def Doom Bow doom, dbow 120-140 def Demon Blade dblade 130-160 def Ancient Stone Sword ass 40-60 def This thing is getting some sort of buff in the next patch so price has suddenly jumped up. Dirk of Cronus cronus, cdirk 150-180 def Finally starting to go down a bit. Cloak of the Planewalker plane 20-30 def Price is unstable at the moment just like most other rogue items, so I've increased the range up to 30. Tome of Purification purification tome 200+ def Price of this has finally dropped a bit. Shield of Ogmur ogmur 50-80 def Quiver of Thunder QoT 50-80 def Helm of the Juggernaut jugger, jug 60-80 def Seems like prices for this and other similar UTs from Build 121 have stabilized a bit, and are no longer decreasing. Seal of Blasphemous Prayer oreo 15-20 def Orb of Conflict 25-40 def Ring of the Nile nile ring 25-30 def Ring of the Sphinx sphinx ring 30-50 def Ring of the Pyramid pyra ring 50-70 def Snake Skin Shield < 1 spd Snake Skin Armor < 1 spd Sprite Wand sprite < 1 spd
Build 122 New Items
Obviously since all of these items are new the prices are still extremely unstable. Use this as a very very very rough guide. Please.
Ratification of the new three-year WGA film and TV contract has been overwhelmingly — almost unanimously — approved by members of the WGA East and West, bringing to a close Hollywood's most contentious contract struggle in a decade. Of the 3,647 valid votes cast there were 3,617 “yes” votes (99.2%) and 30 “no” votes (.8%). There were 9,441 eligible voters. The term of the agreement is from May 2, 2017 through May 1, 2020.
“Our success in these negotiations was due to a highly engaged and dedicated membership, working in tandem with a tireless and informed Negotiating Committee and an extraordinary Guild staff. We achieved new and significant gains that will help today's writers even as they benefit the next generation,” said WGAW President Howard A. Rodman and WGAE President Michael Winship. “Our thanks go out to all of those who contributed to the process and to the thousands of our fellow writers who participated in the strike authorization and ratification votes.”
Conducted amidst a blizzard of news coverage despite a so-called “media blackout,” the negotiations had all the drama of a well-written potboiler, with the industry bracing for a threatened strike as negotiations came down to the wire on May 1. A deal was reached and a strike averted, however, just after the midnight expiration of the old contract. Guild leaders unanimously recommended ratification, and now have an agreement that's widely seen as a win-win for both sides.
Getting there was no cakewalk, however, with each side tossing around dubious numbers to support their bargaining positions. Going into the talks, WGA leaders rallied their troops by accusing the major companies of stingily holding onto $49 billion in annual operating profits they'd made off the sweat of writers – monies that included profits from news operations, Disney Cruises and a host of other ancillary businesses that have nothing to do with film and TV writers or their contract.
For their part, the companies warned that the last WGA strike – a 100-day walkout in 2007-08 – cost writers $287 million in compensation “that was never recovered” – a claim that isn't supported by the WGA's earnings data. Crying poor, the guild claimed that the average income of TV writers has been in decline over the last decade – a claim that's also not supported by the WGA's earnings data.
When the talks stalled after two weeks of bargaining, the guilds asked for and received strike authorization from their members, which was granted near-unanimously after a series of raucous and unifying membership meetings.
When the talks resumed, both sides vowed to do everything in their power to avert a strike, and they did. In the end, the WGA got most of what it wanted going into the talks: a rescue of its ailing health plan; new provisions to address inequities in the new norm of short-order television seasons; a 15% increase in residuals from pay TV; some $15 million more in residuals from high-budget SVOD shows; across the board increases in minimums, and for the first time ever, residuals for comedy writers employed on pay TV comedy-variety shows.
“Did we get everything we wanted? No,” guild leaders told their members shortly after the deal was reached. “Everything we deserve? Certainly not. But because we had the near-unanimous backing of you and your fellow writers, we were able to achieve a deal that will net this guild's members $130 million more, over the life of the contract, than the pattern we were expected to accept.”
The clear implication is that the WGA pact is worth $130 million more than the recent DGA contract, which set the pattern of bargaining for both the WGA's negotiations and for SAG-AFTRA's upcoming contract talks.
The WGA has since declined to provide any breakdown of that $130 million figure, telling Deadline that “It was calculated by costing out the non-pattern parts of the deal over three years.”
Knowledgeable sources familiar with the DGA and WGA deals, however, tell Deadline that that number is wildly inflated, and that while the WGA got a “good deal,” it's really no better than the deal reached by the DGA last December.
Indeed, they say that directors got a better deal than writers in numerous areas that the two contracts have in common, including: the overall increase in minimums, for which the WGA had to defer a good portion to bail out its health plan; the initial compensation and residuals for high-budget SVOD series and made-for SVOD movies, and pay TV residuals – for which the WGA is still straddled with an inferior flat-rate deal it got after an ill-advised strike in the 1980s instead of the DGA's more forward-thinking and lucrative deal based on the number of subscribers.
Boasting of a deal that's $130 million better than the deal the DGA got may look good in news accounts – and to the WGA's members – but it's not a real number, and could threaten to skew the expectations of SAG-AFTRA, which is already in preliminary talks with management's AMPTP in advance of full-blown negotiations that are set to begin one week from today.
Americans Oppose Entitlement Cuts, Support Raising Taxes On “The Rich”
According to a new poll, the American public still isn't sold on the idea of cutting entitlements to cut the budget deficit.
Doug Mataconis · · 70 comments
According to a new Marist Poll, Americans don't seem to be convinced that the Ryan Plan's approach to deficit reduction is the way to go:
WASHINGTON — Alarmed by rising national debt and increasingly downbeat about their country's course, Americans are clear about how they want to attack the government's runway budget deficits: raise taxes on the wealthy and keep hands off of Medicare and Medicaid. At the same time, they say that the government should not raise the legal debt ceiling, which the government must do soon to borrow more money, despite warnings that failing to do so would force the government into default, credit markets into turmoil and the economy into a tailspin. (…) On tackling the deficit, voters by a margin of 2-to-1 support raising taxes on incomes above $250,000, with 64 percent in favor and 33 percent opposed. Independents supported higher taxes on the wealthy by 63-34 percent; Democrats by 83-15 percent; and Republicans opposed by 43-54 percent. Support for higher taxes rose by 5 percentage points after Obama called for that as one element of his deficit-reduction strategy last week. Opposition dropped by 6 points. The poll was conducted before and after the speech.
When it comes to spending cuts, though, the public is far less enthusiastic:
Voters oppose cuts to [Medicare and Medicaid] by 80-18 percent. Even among conservatives, only 29 percent supported cuts, and 68 percent opposed them. Public views are more mixed on cutting defense spending, with 44 percent supporting cuts and 54 percent opposed. (…) No matter how the government tackles its deficits and debt, Americans don't want it to borrow any more. By 69-24 percent, voters oppose raising the legal ceiling for debt. That includes Democrats, who oppose it by 53-36 percent, independents, who oppose it by 74-22 percent, and Republicans, who oppose it by 79-16 percent.
Another polling caveat is worth nothing here. In the poll, Marist asked respondents this question regarding Medicare/Medicaid:
Do you support or oppose doing each of the following to deal with the federal budget deficit: Cut Medicare and Medicaid?
The Ryan Plan doesn't call for cuts in Medicaid. Instead, it proposes turning the federal portion of Medicaid funding into a series of block grants to the states, who would have more discretion over how to spend the funds on Medicaid related programming. With respect to Medicare funding, the plan provides that nobody who is currently receiving Medicare would receive a reduction in benefits and that none of the changes to benefits would begin to kick in until 2023, and then only for people who begin turning 65 in that year. So, in many ways, the Marist Poll isn't really polling on the Ryan Plan, but on what the Democrats and President Obama have said the Ryan Plan would do.
Nonetheless, these results are significant for two reasons. First of all, President Obama has wide public support for his position that taxes on high income earners should be allowed to go up when the Bush tax cuts expire in December 2012. That was true back in December 2010 when we debated this issue, and there were many people who wondered why the White House decided to give up so easily on that issue. Second, notwithstanding the questionable way the poll was worded, it's clear that the public is skeptical about changes to entitlement programs. If the GOP is going to win the public relations battle on that one, they've got some work cut out for them.
Doug Rauch, the former CEO of Trader Joe's (not to be confused with Carlos Santana's bassist of the same name), has a really good idea for the expired or nearly expired food supermarkets throw out every single day. He wants to open a supermarket in a poor neighborhood and sell the expired food there. He'd theoretically like to open several such outfits, but at present, his plans involve a 10,000-square-foot store in Boston's lower-income Dorchester neighborhood.
What a mensch.
After all, if this food is perfectly good — not so good that people who can afford better will eat it, but still entirely edible — it might as well find a home. And that home might as well be in a poor neighborhood, which may have historically had trouble attracting a conventional supermarket. But this supermarket has a business model that might actually work, because it's a business model where you sell stuff no one else wants anyway!
OK, not to be a total commie douche. Supermarkets do throw out a lot of food, somewhere around $2,300 a day per supermarket. And they should probably do something with it. And we already do this with clothes. So what's the big deal if we do it with food? Is it because wearing last season's J Brands is somewhat less horrifying, especially since sometimes they are cuter than this season's, whereas old apples and sausages are NOT EVER cuter than new ones?
Rauch came up with this idea — it's called the Urban Food Initiative — at Harvard University, which is a very good school (though of course no stranger to unapologetic criminality). Who the hell knows, maybe the guy is a visionary. In promoting his plan, Rauch discusses the 50 million Americans who are “food insecure” (which is not like starving but not exactly like going to Whole Foods all the time and just throwing shit in a basket and buying it) and how this will help them eat the “healthy meals” that will help tackle problems like obesity and diabetes and McFlurgencies. And the place is a nonprofit. So one guesses that Apta Capital, which brought on Rauch in 2010 “to invest in or acquire companies in the specialty retailer, packaged goods and service provider sectors” has no involvement with the Urban Food Initiative? Hmmm. Could it be that the Urban Food Initiative might become a good way for food companies that Apta Capital invests in to guard against losing profits to waste? Bears further investigation. Though for 1,000 bags of peanut butter pretzels, I could be persuaded to drop the whole thing.
Cape Town - Springbok coach Allister Coetzee has made 10 changes to the match-23 for Saturday's second Test in the Outgoing Tour against France in Paris, which include starts for experienced No 8 Duane Vermeulen and flyhalf Handré Pollard.
READ: RWC 2023 mess makes for spicy France v Boks Test
Coetzee also handed a first Test start to prop Wilco Louw, while Francois Venter has been selected at inside centre.
The Springbok coach also made several positional changes to the match day squad that lost to Ireland in Dublin last weekend.
Upfront, Louw is set to make his starting debut in place of Coenie Oosthuizen, who suffered a serious knee injury in Dublin. And with Pieter-Steph du Toit ruled out with concussion, Vermeulen starts at No 8 in a revamped loose trio combination which sees Francois Louw moving to flank where he will join Siya Kolisi on the side of the scrum.
In the backline, Pollard is in line to make his first start for South Africa since the 2015 Rugby World Cup bronze medal playoff match against Argentina in London, in place of Elton Jantjies. Venter, who made his Test debut in 2016, comes in at No 12 for Damian de Allende.
Jantjies and De Allende are included amongst the replacements, where they will be joined by prop forward Trevor Nyakane and uncapped loose forward Dan du Preez.
Coetzee said Vermeulen brings a lot of experience to the team: “Duane is very experienced and fits in well with our plan for Saturday. He is a great lineout and ball-carrying option to fill the void left by Pieter-Steph, while his leadership and experience will offer great support to Eben Etzebeth.
“His presence and knowledge of the French is also a huge benefit for us. Duane has made good contributions since joining us at the beginning of the week, and I am looking forward to his combination with Siya and Francois,” said Coetzee.
Pollard's playing opportunities over the past two years has been halted by a series of injuries.
“Handré has trained exceptionally hard the past few months and he is looking forward to the opportunity to once more start in the Springbok jersey,” said Coetzee.
“Elton has started in all 10 Tests so far this season and has made good contributions and I am pleased with his development. However, both flyhalves need playing time to continuously work on their game management in different conditions.”
Louw made a good impression last week in what was only his second Test, and this week he will make his starting debut in Paris.
“Wilco did very well last Saturday and gained valuable experience when he came on as an early replacement for Coenie. He deserves the opportunity to start against a strong French pack of forwards,” said Coetzee.
“Francois is also rewarded for continued good performances. He is a leader is his own right with an exceptional high work rate.”
Kick-off on Saturday is at 22:00 SA time.
Teams:
France
15 Nans Ducuing, 14 Teddy Thomas, 13 Geoffrey Doumayrou, 12 Mathieu Bastareaud, 11 Yoann Huget, 10 Anthony Belleau, 9 Antoine Dupont, 8 Louis Picamoles, 7 Kevin Gourdon, 6 Judicael Cancoriet, 5 Paul Gabrillagues, 4 Sebastien Vahaamahina, 3 Rabah Slimani, 2 Guilhem Guirado (captain), 1 Jefferson Poirot
Substitutes: 16 Clement Maynadier, 17 Sebastien Taofifenua, 18 Daniel Kotze, 19 Paul Jedrasiak, 20 Anthony Jelonch, 21 Baptiste Serin, 22 Francois Trinh-Duc, 23 Damian Penaud
South Africa
15 Andries Coetzee, 14 Dillyn Leyds, 13 Jesse Kriel, 12 Francois Venter, 11 Courtnall Skosan, 10 Handre Pollard, 9 Ross Cronje, 8 Duane Vermeulen, 7 Siya Kolisi, 6 Francois Louw, 5 Lood de Jager, 4 Eben Etzebeth (captain), 3 Wilco Louw 2 Malcolm Marx, 1 Tendai Mtawarira
Substitutes: 16 Bongi Mbonambi, 17 Steven Kitshoff, 18 Trevor Nyakane, 19 Franco Mostert, 20 Dan du Preez, 21 Rudy Paige, 22 Elton Jantjies, 23 Damian de Allende
Capitalism Defines Success
This article is brought to you by Capitalism.
Andrew Larsson Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 28, 2016
I have a platform to promote Capitalism, and you have a platform to whine about Capitalism, because of Capitalism. My MacBook, your iPhone, the Internet, Medium, Facebook, and Twitter — all thanks to Capitalism.
I recently read a quote by R. Buckminster Fuller that caught my attention. To paraphrase, he claims that we live in a world where just 1/10,000 people can innovate and provide for the other 9,999. I don't disagree with his statement; but his implied premise is flawed. Who decides who gets the “honor” of being that 1? What incentive, what motivation, does anyone have for becoming that 1? What entitles the other 9,999 to a work-free life?
Your comforts and your leisures are what draw you toward Socialism and other similar systems. You don't want to work hard, because you'd rather stay at home and watch Netflix. Your ideal life is to eat for free and play Call of Duty for free using your free Internet inside your free house. The problem is that your food, your games, your services, and your dwellings were all built on Capitalism. Without Capitalism, in a magical society where everything is free and nobody works, you would be eating raw potatoes and living in a straw hut; the Internet, television, video games — never existed. How can anyone reject the system that gave them the comforts and leisures they so long for?
You're sitting there sipping your coffee at your local Starbucks. You think it's delicious, you think it's the best. But how did it ever become one of the top coffee chains? No government tasked Jerry Baldwin, Gordon Bowker, and Zev Siegl to make Starbucks. What incentive would a government even have at tasking anyone with making Starbucks? What gain would Starbucks even bring to a government? You want coffee in your magical society where everything is free? If you're lucky and you petition your government to provide it, you'd get plain, watery coffee once per day, and you'd only get 25ml of milk and 5g of sugar to put in it — just like everyone else. Is that what you really want?
You claim the 1% aren't paying their fair share. Do you even understand that the 1% run the economy — the ever-growing, rapidly-evolving, massively-innovative economy? The 1% have already contributed their fair share. You're using your iPhone to read this article. The 1% sold that to you at a fair price, and then they paid their employees, and their manufacturers, and even their taxes. They are the 1% because they worked so much harder than you to get where they are. They risked everything, they put themselves out there, and they devoted their lives to bring you that iPhone. Is that not fair? What incentive, what motivation, do the 1% have at delivering you yet another iPhone next year if you're going to make the government take away everything they worked for—everything they earned? That is the thanks you give to Tim Cook, all his employees, all his engineers, and all his designers? How do you have the gall?
Capitalism is the fair system. Society decides who becomes successful, so convince them that you are! Fight your way! Work hard! Invent! Innovate! Engineer! Architect! Do something useful! When you get your job at McDonald's, in a call center, in a sales office, don't stop there! Your journey only begins at minimum wage. Use that money to put yourself through college, go to technical school, take online classes. Do you think anyone was ever successful by sitting there doing nothing?
Why should you work less and get more? What entitles you to such a backwards system? Capitalism and Socialism cannot live together. And if you still don't like Capitalism, move to China, North Korea, anywhere but here. I don't need you and your worthless whining to get in the way of my own success. I am going to be part of the 1% some day because of Capitalism. I will fight my way, work hard, invent, innovate, engineer, and architect every day, every moment.
I will earn my place at the top of society. And to the opposer of Capitalism, know yours — at the bottom.
In the promotional material for Alexandra Kleeman's remarkable debut You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine, the novel is described as “reminiscent of The Crying of Lot 49, White Noise, and City of Glass.” In some ways, these are accurate comparisons—Kleeman's book features similar postmodern elements: absurd happenings, satirical commentary, philosophical tangents. One could even add Generation X, White Teeth, Only Cowgirls Get the Blues, and The Broom of the System (the postmodern novel YTCHABLM most resembles, in my opinion) to the list of comparable titles.
As I read Kleeman's novel, however, I began to notice something different about her… intent, for lack of a better word. Her project as a novelist includes something that many other postmodern works don't possess: feeling. Real human emotion. Now by this I do not mean an emphasis on character; rather, Kleeman uses the techniques of the postmodern for something postmodernism usually doesn't concern itself with. Think about the great postmodern novelists: Pynchon, Barth, Bartheleme, DeLillo, Robbins, Vonnegut, Gass, Gaddis, Ellis—these are not sentimental writers. There may be moments in their fictions in which emotion is central, but the general project of each book steers more to intellect—to ideas—than to emotional and genuine feeling.
But Kleeman's novel, despite characters named A, B, and C, and despite long descriptions of commercials for something called Kandy Kake, still manages to exude a humanity ordinarily pushed out by satirical jabs and heady investigations. Her prose is populated by lines like, “A woman's body never really belongs to herself,” and passages like:
If you were a person, you were supposed to want to be a better person. Better people had a surplus of themselves that they were willing to give away, something they could separate out and detach. In me the portions only separated, pulling apart and waiting there for something to happen. I could see what it was that I could give B, but I couldn't really give it. In fact, I wanted to keep it for myself, to take it and run. All around me, people were giving feelings and help to one another all the time, as if it were the only thing to do. And I watched these exchanges like a dead thing, a thing sealed off perfectly, a room with no holes in or out.
Article continues after advertisement
Throughout the novel, A, the narrator, emerged as a character with an emotional core—deeper in its rendering than, say, Tyrone Slothrop or Jack Gladney or Patrick Bateman or Daniel Quinn. I mean this not as a criticism of these great novels, since such emotions aren't part of their aesthetic interest. They never have been.
More recently—say, in the last 20 years or so—numerous so-called postmodern novels have contained this distinctly non-postmodern quality—not that the characters feel so much as the reader. The cumulative effect isn't necessarily a fully fleshed-out character but a fully emotional experience. Think of Jonathan Safran Foer's strong sentiments in the face of the Holocaust and 9/11; think of the alligator-wrestling family at the heart of Karen Russell's Swamplandia!; think of the way Ali Smith works her linguistic magic in order to convey the complexities of love and relationships; or the heart-breaking wallop of David Levithan's The Lover's Dictionary; think of Reif Larsen's I am Radar, of Zadie Smith's NW, of Téa Obreht's The Tiger's Wife. Can these books truly be considered postmodern when the most prevalent aspect is emotion rather than thought?
Consider the way even genre fiction has been infiltrated by humanity and feeling. Science fiction is no longer merely speculative, adventurous and pure fabulism. Now we have Emily St. John Mandel's Station Eleven, Cormac McCarthy's The Road, and myriad others. Fantasy is no longer characterized simply by lengthily described worlds and political intrigue; now we have Karen Thompson Walker's The Age of Miracles and almost everything David Mitchell has written. These so-called genre books now aspire to human heights.
In fact, these books have less in common with postmodernism and more with modernism. Modernist novelists, remember, rebelled, sometimes deliberately, sometimes not, against the formal, story-driven novels of the Victorian era by incorporating idiosyncratic voices, human rhythms, inner consciousness, and plotlessness into their fiction. Most of all, these books communicated a sense of a felt life and are filled with emotions: the Ramsey family trip to the lighthouse, years too late; Proust's seven-volume study of memory and experience, inspired by cake; Faulkner's rich Yoknapatawpha County; or the connection made between Stephen Dedalus and Leopold Bloom (not to mention Molly's beautiful and true climactic monologue). A melancholy thread of disappointment, of disillusionment, runs through modernist literature. The whole movement can be summed up by the final line of Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises: “Isn't it pretty to think so?”
Now fiction has returned to this ambition. It aspires to emotional evocation, to feeling, to humanity. We have Karl Ove Knausgaard's My Struggle for Proust's In Search of Lost Time. We have Ben Lerner, Karen Thompson Walker, Emily St. John Mandel and Eleanor Catton. Even the more recent publications from Thomas Pynchon—Against the Day and Inherent Vice—carry more emotional weight than his quintessential early novels.
Article continues after advertisement
New Modernism encompasses magical realism, fabulism, fantasy, sci-fi, and other genres, but it also includes literary fiction. What makes New Modernism its own category is its re-appropriation of postmodernist tropes. Donald Bartheleme, for instance, is a titan of postmodern short stories, but for all of his linguistic dexterity and ingenious formal experimentation, Barthleme's fiction was about stretching the form to its elastic limits, finding what can be done—not about engendering an emotional response or effectively rendering a character's psychological nuances. (One could also say similar things of proto-postmodernists Mark Leyner and John Barth.) But George Saunders's stories—which are similarly inventive, absurd, surreal and steeped in contemporary references—stimulate intellectual vitality and deep (and even harrowing) emotions.
In his remarkable story “Sea Oak” from Pastoralia, Saunders turns an utterly odd story about an aging aunt who dies and then comes back from the dead into a mournful meditation on life's capricious unfairness. Aunt Bernie, in life, was an impossibly positive pushover. “You know what I do if something bad happens?” she says. “I don't think about it. Don't take it seriously. It ain't the end of the world.” Her nephew dismisses her as irrelevant:
My feeling is, Bernie, I love you, but where are you? You work at DrugTown for minimum. You're sixty and own nothing. You were basically a slave to your father and never had a date in your life.
But when she dies and mysteriously comes back to life, Bernie's no longer fucking around. She starts barking orders to her ungrateful family, cursing, and filled with a dark cynicism about life, which frees her from her former deference: “Maybe you kids don't know this,” she spits, “but I died a freaking virgin. No babies, no lovers. Nothing went in, nothing came out. Ha ha! Dry as a bone… well I am going to have lovers now, you fuck!”
The absolute strangeness of the premise disguises what Saunders is really up to, which is ultimately empathy—real, considered empathy—for Bernie, her unlived life. By the end, after Bernie dies for real, the narrator says that he sometimes sees Bernie in his dreams:
But every time it's the same thing.
“Some people get everything and I got nothing,” she says. “Why? Why did that happen?”
Every time I say I don't know.
And I don't.
This is the New Moderism: locating humanity, truth, and revelation in everything. As artists, they leave no emotional stone unturned. Because all fiction is artifice, the New Modernists see that even artifice can house meaning and beauty.
And into this league of writers comes Alexandra Kleeman. Her debut is a brilliant feat of storytelling, a weird tale about what it feels like to be in a woman's body, about what it means to even have a body. But the key word is feel. Kleeman manages to be whip-smart (even smart-alecky) and wholly original while still keeping her eye on the spot postmodernism so often overlooks: the gross, odd and completely idiosyncratic mash of flesh that makes up the self, all its thoughts, all its feelings.
I am reminded of passage from Jonathan Franzen's The Corrections, a book that contains some examples of New Modernism. When Chip goes to college, his father buys him “a set of heavy-duty thermal curtains” that Chip is utterly ashamed of. Years later, upon graduation, Chip rediscovers the curtains in a box in his dorm:
He had nothing against the curtains personally. They were simply curtains and they wanted no more than what any curtains wanted—to hang well, to exclude light to the best of their ability, to be neither too small nor too large for the window that it was their task in life to cover; to be pulled this way in the evening and that way in the morning; to stir in the breezes that came before rain on a summer night; to be much used and little noticed. There were numberless hospitals and retirement homes and budget motels, not just in the Midwest but in the East as well, where these particular brown rubber-backed curtains could have had a long and useful life. It wasn't their fault that they didn't belong in a dorm room. They'd betrayed no urge to rise above their station; their material and patterning contained not a hint of unseemly ambition. They were what they were. If anything, when he finally dug them out of the eve of graduation, their virginal pinkish folds turned out to be rather less plasticized and homely and Sears-like than he remembered. They were nowhere near as shameful as he'd thought.
So too have we shifted our views of postmodern techniques. We used to view them as flashy, overly clever for their own sake. Now we see those same tropes as useful, as available to real human emotion as any other fictional device. The New Modernists have circled back to the past, but they carry with them new lessons of contemporary art. They have rescued fiction from an insular, esoteric realm and brought it out into the open. Postmodernism has been seen as shameful as those curtains, but now, seeing these techniques anew, we realize they were nowhere near as shameful as we thought. In fact, we should be proud and excited: a new era is announcing itself, and we're here to witness it.
Azure Cloud Functions vs. AWS Lambda What you Need to Know Tom Maiaroto Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 3, 2016
Photo by Olivier Miche.
Microsoft announced their answer to AWS Lambda at their Build 2016 conference. Brace yourself for the next cloud hosting change; because, it now seems like everyone is going “serverless.” Amazon Web Service's Lambda, Google's Cloud Functions, IBM's OpenWhisk, and now Azure's Functions. There's too much to compare in one article, so I'll write about the differences in a series of articles. I've had the opportunity to play with some. Google's Cloud Functions are in private alpha, so I can't share much about them, but Microsoft's are in public preview. I've been using Lambda a lot lately and it's been a game changer. While Azure's cloud function usage is billed the same way, the service is radically different than Lambda under the hood. Before you make any major decisions, keep in mind that these services are evolving. Supported Languages This will change over time for every cloud function service. Azure Functions supports Node.js, C#, F#, Python and PHP. They also list Java, bash, and batch but it's not clear how to use these (again, it's in preview). AWS Lambda supports Node.js, Python, and Java for now. I think PHP support is a very strategic choice given its popularity, but I wish one of these services would better support Go. Why Go? Because it runs fast and its code is easy to read. It is a language of brevity and therefore fits well for the cloud and (micro)services. Add Rust and Swift to the list too. It's important to note that you can execute binaries in both services through one of these languages. This is the method in which Go works in Lambda. Both Apex and also Sparta are serverless frameworks that let you use Go in Lambda as well. It would be great for a cloud function service to support Go natively. Swift for mobile developers who often need simple back-end services would also be a smart move. Web Dashboard No amount of fancy devops tricks or tooling will save you from having to use the web dashboard at least every now and then. Azure's Function usage charts are still being developed, but they will be there and at least on par with Lambda's. Azure's new dashboard is beautiful. Once you understand the organizational structure of Azure Function it becomes a little easier. The same can be said for AWS Lambda too. One important difference is the editor. Both are on par when it comes to the function's settings screen. However, Azure has the more robust Visual Studio Online which can also be used.
Azure Functions can be authored with Visual Studio Online.
Visual Studio Online is found under the Function's App Service's tools section. It's worth noting that there are some other cool tools here too, including a console. Most of your development time should be outside of dashboards anyway. I don't consider them a huge factor in my decision making process but they can offer convenience. System Structure Let's dive into the architecture of Azure Functions compared to Lambda. An “App Service” is a container, or environment, for a set of Azure Functions. This is much different than Lambda. In fact, the two services couldn't be more different. Lambdas are organizationally independent, where Azure Functions are grouped logically into an “application.” This App Service can either by “dynamic” or “classic.” The dynamic option is where you pay only for the time and memory your functions use. This is the biggest similarity between Lambda and Azure Functions. It's important to note that the memory you allocate is per app service (with potentially many functions), not per function like Lambda. I think of the “classic” App Service more like Amazon ECS where you have EC2 instances running to handle the tasks or functions. The pricing model for this is then like EC2. Azure is actually more like a blend between ECS Tasks and Lambda. For example, you can set environment variables on App Services which are then available for your Azure Functions. AWS Lambda cannot persist environment variables, but ECS Tasks can (correction/update: Lambda now can as pointed out by Jeremy Axmacher, thank you). The entire container architecture is different. Lambdas provision a brand new one and deploys your code (from a zip file) on a cold request. Subsequent requests can be subject to container re-use and be handled much faster. However, you need to understand there is no persistence and with Node.js Lambdas you need to watch your variable scope because the container can be re-used. However, Azure Functions are less subject to the cold/warm request effects. Azure still provisions resources as needed, but your files aren't “frozen” somewhere in a zip file. They run on top of Azure's WebJobs. Azure Functions are also supposed to be accessible via FTP by connecting to the App Service's FTP. Though I couldn't get it to work so far during my review (no matter how many times I reset my credentials). Azure Functions of course is a Windows system (32bit for dynamic services) while Lambda is a Linux system. Though I do hope that changes since Ubuntu can now run on Windows. In fact, that would put Azure in a good position with cloud hosting. Continuous Deployment Speaking of working with the files, you can deploy your Azure Functions in a variety of ways: Git (you can connect GitHub, Bitbucket, etc.)
Dropbox
OneDrive
Visual Studio Team Services
Visual Studio Online editor
Cloud function's own editor under it's settings area (limited to just the code and the function.json) You have many more inherent options than AWS Lambda, but I didn't explore any sort of CLI deployment. Lambda has some great 3rd party tools for deploying Lambdas and both cloud services have SDKs to make just about anything possible. I do have to hand it to Microsoft here though. You can hook up GitHub, even with your favorite CI tool, and easily deploy your cloud functions to Azure. Release managers rejoice. Though it's important to note that Lambdas can be versioned whereas Azure Functions can not (at least not yet). So if you wanted to roll back, you'll need to rely on Git or some other version control system. Run Your Functions Anywhere One challenge with Lambda is development workflow. People have created tools to test your Lambda locally so you can write code, run, and then even deploy if all looks good. There are also several “serverless frameworks” that help with this process too. Regardless, Lambda is closed source. However, Azure Function's runtime is open-source. I would expect some clever CI integrations in the future. Function Triggers & Integrations I also have to concede that Azure Functions make things a bit easier in this department too. Every function automatically maps to an HTTP endpoint if enabled. Whereas with Lambda, you must configure API Gateway separately. API Gateway is fine, but complex and time consuming. Again, some serverless frameworks ease this pain point by automatically setting up an API for Lambdas. Microsoft gets points for UX because you have a lot less to configure. I'm not sure you can run Azure Functions from multiple triggers though. It doesn't appear that way, but maybe by editing the function.json directly you can. I would say that AWS Lambda has a slight edge in flexibility here, but both services are constantly changing. The Azure app and function names are reflected in the URLs to trigger the cloud functions. This helps avoid confusion, but might also be limiting. Apparently all HTTP methods are supported (GET, POST, etc.) through the endpoint assigned to each cloud function. With API Gateway, you need to configure each method manually. One thing I don't see is path variables. It seems that everything must be passed as a querystring or in the request body. To be fair, it's called an “HTTP trigger” so when thinking about it in those terms, it makes sense. If you need more robust settings, then you're talking about “API configuration and management.” Azure Functions also have super easy authentication. You can protect the cloud function endpoints with 3rd party authentication; this includes Facebook, Twitter, Google, and of course Microsoft's auth. I've never setup Facebook auths for an HTTP endpoint so quickly and easily before in my life. You can configure CORS and you can also manage your own domain name for the endpoints. Though I couldn't see if there was a way to limit the HTTP request methods. I imagine with Azure's API management service more will be possible, but then you're going through as much work as API Gateway. I don't think there's a clear “winner” here. Both Microsoft and Amazon have powerful features for triggering cloud functions with HTTP requests. Though I definitely think Amazon could learn a thing or two about UX from Microsoft. Azure Solves a Few Pain Points I was thoroughly impressed by Azure and I think it's in part due to its new dashboard. The new dashboard and the process of setting up cloud functions in a logical group called an “app” makes complete sense. To illustrate how obvious this pain point is, look no further than Serverless (formerly JAWS) and Apex. These are two serverless frameworks that address this specific organizational concern. They help a developer logically group functions. Another pain point with Lambda is the maximum execution time limit. It wasn't always clear and many people never thought their functions would run that long (at least in my experience). The time limit used to be 1 minute for Lambda, but increased to 5 to help with “ETL” operations according to Amazon. I'm happy for the time limit increase, but even 5 minutes may not be sufficient for all operations. Iron.io pointed out that their workers had no time limits in a comparison with Lambda. ironworkers are another option, though I stayed the course with AWS Lambda. I even found a way to re-purpose your Lambda code as ECS Tasks to cope with the 5 minute limit. While that solved my own problems with the time limit, I understand that it's not a solution for everyone. It also requires EC2 instances which are billed in a different fashion. So it's not a perfect solution if “pay as you go” is a top priority. Azure's Functions really are the perfect blend of Lambdas and ECS Tasks. You can write and execute the same exact code regardless of the environment and billing model. There are apparently no time limits either(so long as your function is not idle).
“Always On” will change the billing model.
On the other hand, I imagine there could be some surprises in billing too. Lambda's 5 minute execution time limit does serve to protect you from expense. Will Microsoft keep billing you for some accidental loop in a cloud function? Assuming the same amount of resources were used, will the cost work out to be about the same regardless of billing models? It's perhaps too early to say since it's still in preview and there is no pricing information available yet. There is some chatter about this concern though if you follow the GitHub issue. Other Observations As I explored Azure Functions and it's underlying architecture (as best I could), I realized a few other things of note. First, since there is persistence and no execution time limits, working with large files and ETL is easier. Just watch out for how cost effective this ends up being or not being. With Lambda + API Gateway, the content-type of the response is set via API Gateway. With Azure Functions, the content-type is set by the code. This can be very useful, but could also lead to some bloated functions. Remember, your goal is not to build a complete application within a cloud function. It's not really possible to do with Lambda's limitations, but it is with Azure. So be careful not to fall into any bad practices. Watch out for Azure Function's limitation — only 10 concurrent executions per function. Again, Azure Functions run on a server with a persistent filesystem and webroot. It's just not accessible to the outside world. However, it is accessible to you while logged in. All of your code and assets can be seen via a URL like this: https://yourAppName.scm.azurewebsites.net/dev/api/files/wwwroot/HttpTriggerNodeJS1/index.js This maps this location on disk: /home/site/wwwroot/HttpTriggerNodeJS1 Is there a cost to request these files this way? Can you somehow open this to the public? I don't know. It definitely might raise an eye-brow or two though. You have more insight, access to and control over the environment running your cloud function than you do with AWS Lambda…For better or worse. Speaking of insight, when listing the directory of D:\home\site\wwwroot where your files are, it indicates that there is over 5 terabytes of disk space available! This is much more than Lambda's default ephemeral disk space of 500MB. There isn't as much info about Azure's Cloud Functions limitations just yet, but it is important to note that the instance limit is 10 while using “dynamic” service apps (up from 4). The concurrent execution limit per instance is a bit unknown. Lambda's limit is 100 concurrent executions total (which is a soft limit).
Your Azure Functions are but a drop in a very large bucket.
As I've said before, I have the biggest sweet tooth of any vegan I know, so whenever I hear there's a new vegan treat out there, I'm thrilled!
Starbucks just debuted their new Toffee Almond Milk Hot Cocoa, and if you leave off the whipped cream, it's 100% vegan!
And here's another treat for us vegans: you don't have to pay extra for the non-dairy milk! Since the beverage is already made with almond milk, there's no extra 60 cents charge. Sweet!
It goes without saying, but, all that sugar isn't very healthy. I know that; you know that; we ALL know that. However, if you're going to enjoy a cup of hot cocoa this holiday season, it's nice to know this one is low in fat, and has ZERO cholesterol.
It also doesn't harm the animals.
Dairy farmers have no use for most baby male calves – after all, they can't give milk – so within 24 to 48 hours of birth, most are torn away from their mothers and sold off to the veal industry. Once confined to small closed crates, they can't move so they won't develop muscles.
They live in the dark, and are fed a liquid diet too, all of which keeps their flesh pale pink and soft, just the way those who eat veal want it.
It's heartbreaking beyond words.
So, be good to yourself, the environment and the animals, too.
If you want a cup of hot cocoa while you're out and about, try Starbucks' new Toffee Almond Milk Hot Cocoa (and hold the whip!).
Tis' the season to be merry, and kind. Peace and compassion for ALL.
Jackie Day has been vegan for over 30 years and is the author of the new book The Vegan Way: 21 Days to a Happier, Healthier Plant-Based Lifestyle That Will Transform Your Home, Your Diet, and You (St. Martin's Press / Macmillan)
Leaders of the United Methodist Church have rejected the One Church Plan, a measure that would have eased restrictions on gay clergy and same-sex marriages, with delegates voting against it at a special session of the church's General Conference.
On Tuesday afternoon, delegates from around the world voted 438 to 384 to pass what was called the Traditional Plan, which maintains the church's rules.
The Traditional Plan prevailed, despite impassioned warnings from delegates like the Rev. Tom Berlin of Virginia — who compared it to a virus that would cause a dire sickness in America's Methodist community.
Jeffrey Warren, a young gay delegate from the Upper New York Conference, told fellow conference attendees on Monday that he evangelizes on his college campus — and that he has success in reaching people for an important reason.
U.S. President Barack Obama pledged to a public crowd Sunday in Prague that the United States was ready to take the lead in battling climate change after some prodding by EU leaders to adopt their ambitious goals to combat global warming.
“To protect our planet, now is the time to change the way that we use energy. Together, we must confront climate change by ending the world's dependence on fossil fuels, by tapping the power of new sources of energy like the wind and sun, and calling upon all nations to do their part,” Obama said to the crowd gathered outside the medieval Prague Castle .
“I pledge to you that in this global effort, the United States is now ready to lead,” he said as cheers erupted from the crowd of tens of thousands of people.
The Europeans seem to be taking well to the latest position on climate change that Obama layed out. The change of policy from the stance of his predecessor, former President George W. Bush, is something that the EU was looking to see. The EU has been waiting for the U.S. to make substantial commitments toward cutting its greenhouse gas emissions.
“We welcome the steps taken by the new American administration and the increasing convergence between the European and U.S. position on that matter,” European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said.
“Only together we can convince others to join our common effort to fight climate change.”
EU nations have agreed to cut their greenhouse gas emissions by 20 percent by 2020 from 1990 levels, rising to 30 percent if the rest of the developed world — mainly the United States and Japan — agrees to do so.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy wants Obama to lead by example and cause other developing powerhouse nations to follow suit.
“While we're happy that the Americans want to take the lead in the fight against climate change, they have to convince more than just the Europeans,” Sarkozy said in comments to AFP.
“I told President Obama that it was very important that the United States does more so it would persuade the world, notably China and India, to follow suit.”
Child care costs are increasingly unmanageable for American families.
According to the Washington Post, “The average annual cost of infant-center-based care is virtually the same as the average cost of tuition and fees at a four-year public college.”
And it's not only infant care that is straining the pocketbooks of Americans – childcare in general is downright expensive.
“Over the past 30 years, average weekly child-care expenses for families with working mothers who paid for the service surged more than 70 percent — from $87 to $148, based on data from the Census Bureau.”
How are parents handling this strain?
“More than three-quarters of mothers and half of fathers in the United States say they've passed up work opportunities, switched jobs or quit to tend to their kids, according to a new Washington Post poll.”
One has to wonder: Is the solution to this growing problem more government funding for childcare or government mandates which demand employer flexibility for parents? Or, is it simply time to recognize that a two-parent working culture might not always be the most cost-effective option for American families any more?
Image Credit
And less than 12 hours after that deadly shooting, police had their suspect identified and a warrant out for his arrest.
He's 19-year old Jamee Husband, and he's charged with homicide, aggravated assault, recklessly endangering another person, and possessing instruments of crime.
Erie police say he shot and killed his own cousin, 23-year old Vante Husband, also of Erie.
It happened right around 12:30 Friday morning at the Up the Way Bar and Grill in the 700 block east 26th street.
Erie police say Jamee Husband fired one shot through the open doorway of the bar, shooting Vante once in the chest. He died at the scene, and the coroner has ruled his death a homicide.
Police were able to name a suspect so quickly because of surveillance video that police say caught the shooting incident on video, in its entirety.
Police recognized Jamee right away from the video, and a witness is cooperating with the investigation, "We had a quick response by the officers," said Erie Police Chief Randy Bowers. "Their street knowledge in recognition of the images, along with witness cooperation was all key in the development of the information to obtain this warrant," Bowers added.
Erie police say they're familiar both the suspect and the victim, as both have criminal histories, "Jamee Husband is known to our department, and that was part of the identification process here, he was seen and identified in the video," Said Bowers.
Vante Husband had two warrants out for his arrest at the time of his death, "The victim was wanted on charges filed by our department at the time of his death," Bowers said.
Police wouldn't comment on a possible motive for the shooting. According to the criminal complaint, there were several other people inside the bar at the time of the shooting, and three people in close proximity to the victim when he was shot.
Rock star Bruce Springsteen accompanies himself on the guitar while singing the hit song "Born in the U.S.A." as he completed his world tour at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum in late September 1985. (AP Photo/Lennox McLendon)
It's Fourth of July weekend, and if you're not at a barbecue where The Boss is blasting on the stereo, you're: 1. Definitely not in New Jersey and 2. At the wrong party.
Now, before we go full throttle into a Bruce Springsteen love fest, let's get one thing out of the way. While "Born In The U.S.A." may sound like a patriotic ode to 'Merica, it's actually much darker than that. Springsteen wrote the song about a working-class Vietnam veteran who feels isolated from the government and his fellow countrymen. In a 1984 Rolling Stone interview, Springsteen revealed that he thought "the country took advantage of their [Vietnam Veterans'] selflessness."
Buuuuut that's pretty heavy for a July Fourth celebration, so let's resume with 10 times Bruce made us feel proud to be born in the U.S.A:
When he absolutely crushed his performance at our nation's favorite unofficial holiday, the Super Bowl, in 2009:
And did a full on knee-slide into the camera, because he just doesn't care:
When he bestowed upon us the hottest Americana album cover this world has ever seen in 1984:
And again with the hottest Rolling Stone cover, on which he was named the voice of the decade:
When he casually chilled with President Obama and Jay-Z like it was no biggie before a rally in Columbus:
When he carried the weight of a child on his shoulders (no, really):
When he most literally inspired this girl's entire life:
When he auctioned the shirt and guitar off his back and raised $160,000 for injured veterans:
When he proved he's still got it by crowd surfing into the audience:
And then chugging a fan's beer because, well, he can:
You could call it “scoremeggedon” or you could call it #cbOMG!” Either way, the Congressional Budget Office dropped a giant, 24-million-person bomb on Republicans' Obamacare repeal effort Monday.
The agency found that the GOP's leading legislation, the House's American Health Care Act, would prompt 14 million people to lose their coverage next year, and by 2026, there would 24 million more people uninsured compared to the current projections under the Affordable Care Act.
The much-anticipated report sent the bill's cheerleaders scrambling to defend it and prompted Republicans skeptical of the legislation to reposition themselves to potentially change it. Democrats — who will offer Republicans no help in dismantling President Obama's signature achievement — meanwhile got a new round of ammo with which to take aim at the bill.
Here's what the new numbers mean for the repeal efforts' political dynamics:
CBO bashing will be Republicans' first line of defense.
In anticipation of a bad score, Republicans spent the last few days planting the seeds for a delegitimization of the CBO and with Monday's score, that delegitimization was in full bloom.
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price – a former House Republican whose past health care proposals provided some of the basis for the House bill –said the report was “not believable” even though he admitted he hadn't read it yet.
“The fact of the matter is, if you look at that, it's virtually impossible to have that number occur,” Price said, in reference to the jaw-dropping number of people who it was predicted would lose coverage.
Sen. John Thune (R-SD), Republican's No. 3 in the Senate, called the CBO's findings a “guess-timate.”
“I think that it is highly likely that the take-up rate will be a lot higher than what they're estimating,” Thune said, referring to the drop in coverage in the nongroup market after the individual mandate is repealed.
GOP lawmakers are also arguing that the CBO is missing the bigger picture, because its report did not take into account the regulatory changes they intend to make through the HHS, or the additional health care reform legislation they plan to introduce that will require Democratic support.
“They can only score one-third of what we're doing,” Sen. Mike Rounds (R-SD) said Monday evening.
The CBO report gives GOP senators more cover to say they're going to rework the House bill.
Not all Republicans were willing to brush off the CBO report. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC) said there were some “fair criticisms” of the agency, but also urged his fellow Republicans to at least consider some of the its findings in order to make improvements to the bill.
“Let's say the CBO is half right, that should be cause for concern,” Graham said. “So rather than attacking the CBO as a way of moving forward, I think the prudent thing for the party to do is to look at the CBO report and see if we can address the concerns raised.”
While a handful of GOP senators had been critical of the House bill even before the CBO report came out, most of the Republicans in the upper chamber held their fire while House leaders hashed out a bill that could pass their conference. Monday's score gave senators more cover to indicate explicitly that they think the bill needs work.
“There are some folks within the Senate that are looking for reasons not for vote it, and then there are some of us who say, ‘We're going to get to yes, when we do it we want to make it as good as possible,'” Rounds said.
Sen. John Kennedy (R-LA) stressed that “this is the first step in a long process.”
”Once it gets to the Senate my guess is a few senators' gonna have some ideas of their own,” Kennedy.
Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-LA), who has his own Obamacare replacement plan, was a little less diplomatic and called the score “awful.”
“I would like to think [the legislation] would be corrected by amendment,” he said.
Its findings on the deficit might smooth tensions with conservatives.
Republicans got at least a little bit of good news from the CBO: Their legislation would reduce the deficit by $337 billion, a finding that was quickly highlighted by House GOP leadership.
“Well, actually, I think if you read this entire report, I'm pretty encouraged by it and it actually exceeded my expectations,” House Speaker Paul Ryan said on Fox News soon after it came out.
The savings the CBO was able to find in the Republican plan are key because how the bill affects the deficit will determine whether it can be passed in the Senate with only 50 votes, under the special process known as reconciliation. It is also an argument GOP leaders can use to appeal to conservatives who so far have been resisting the bill.
Medicaid expansion Republicans have some numbers to back up their concerns
Republicans who represent Medicaid expansion states, particularly in the Senate, have been among the most worried about the direction lawmakers were going with repeal. The CBO score did little to assuage those concerns. It found that, even with a phase-out period, the drop-off in Medicaid expansion coverage would be harsh.
“I am very worried about what the House bill would do to Arizona and especially since it expanded Medicaid,” said Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), who has largely stayed out of the fray of the repeal fight.
Part of the problem is that, due to the churn of eligibility, those who are grandfathered into Medicaid expansion under a freeze in enrollment beginning in 2020 wouldn't stay there very long. The CBO predicted fewer than a third of enrollees would remain in the program two years after it was frozen, and only five percent of them by the end of 2024.
Democrats are now the CBO's biggest fans
Democratic opposition to the repeal of Obamacare was reinvigorated with a CBO score that put a number on how high the stakes are.
“If this legislation is passed, and millions of people are thrown off of their health insurance, not able to get to a doctor when they must, thousands of Americans will die,” Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) told reporters on Capitol Hill.
Beyond the effects on expansion the CBO found, it also predicted that premiums would go up for older people under Republicans' plan, which would allow insurers to charge them more when compared to what they charge their younger consumers.
“If you're older, you get hurt. If you're [on] the expansion, it's not there, and then the opioid addiction,” Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) said. “They hit me with all three.”
“Then they put on top of that the tax cuts. You have got to have a moral compass inside of you,” he added.
“He is there, he is steadfast, you can count on him,” Mrs. Romney told the women. “He won't abandon you in the hardest times.”
The message was not lost on the voters in the room.
“It says a lot about his character,” said Connie Schmett, who attended the event. “If he is not going to abandon his wife, he is not going to abandon his country.”
Photo
Mrs. Romney insists that she is not comparing her husband's personal life with that of Mr. Gingrich, who is now married to his third wife, Callista.
“I have fond feelings for both Newt and Callista,” Mrs. Romney said. “And I am not going to make any judgment or any — I am never going to make any statement about that, on a personal level.”
Yet she conceded that her steady — and by all accounts, adoring — marriage could influence voters “if that matters to them,” adding: ”We are just who we are. We present who we are.”
Advisers to Mr. Romney, a former Massachusetts governor, say privately that they believe that one of Mr. Gingrich's biggest vulnerabilities is his marital history. He has acknowledged having had extramarital affairs, including with Callista, a chapter in his life that several Romney supporters said had colored their view of him.
“That's the problem with Newt a little bit for me — infidelity,” said Ellen Thibodeau, 44, who showed up at a rally for Mr. Romney in Hudson, N.H., on Sunday. “My husband and I take our commitment to each other very seriously.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mrs. Romney's newly higher profile, those close to her said, is the natural extension of the private role she has long played as her husband's inseparable partner and essential touchstone. (Aides tell tales of Mr. Romney walking into a crowded room and seeming unsettled until he can locate his wife. “Where's Ann?” he asks.)
Mrs. Romney, the daughter of a self-made businessman from Wales , began dating Mr. Romney during high school in Michigan , converted to Mormonism and married him at age 20.
Photo
His need to have her present has even trumped her dislike for the presidential debates . During commercial breaks at one in Des Moines on Saturday, Mr. Romney stepped down from the stage and walked into the audience to speak with his wife.
While she insists that she is not involved in day-to-day operations of the campaign, she acknowledges heavily influencing Mr. Romney's biggest political decisions — especially to run for president this year.
Mr. Romney, she said, “was the one who was reluctant, much more reluctant, this time.”
“He was just thinking with his head,” she recalled. “This is what is involved, this is the process. This could happen, that could happen.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Her advice to him, she said, was to set aside all those practical considerations and focus on his qualifications. “What we can figure out,” she told him, “is that you have the preparation, the skill set and everything else to do the job.”
Even as Mrs. Romney expressed distaste for politics, calling it “a very difficult game,” she made it clear that she had begun thinking about how she might occupy the role of first lady should her husband win.
She expressed admiration for the wives of three former Republican presidents: Mamie Eisenhower (“adorable, sweet, grandmotherly”), Barbara Bush (“I adore her; she is outspoken and frank”); and Nancy Reagan (“just how much she loved her husband”).
Asked how she envisioned the role of first lady, she spoke of offering “steadfast” private support for her husband and of public advocacy, for disadvantaged children and those with multiple sclerosis. She learned she had the disease in 1998.
Photo
Throughout much of the campaign, Mr. Romney has seemed averse to discussing the details of his own biography, avoiding interviews and sticking to stump speeches in which he points to his credentials as a businessman and lashes out at the performance of President Obama .
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mrs. Romney seems determined to fill in the gap, as storyteller and character witness. During the interview, she divulged that Mr. Romney is obsessed with chocolate milk and anything coated in peanut butter, and that he has developed the peculiar habit of singing while riding horses with her. (Mrs. Romney rides as treatment for multiple sclerosis.)
“We have had the most fun times in the world, literally, on horseback, in the mountains, with Mitt singing at the top of his lungs,” she said.
She admitted that she chafes at the popular image of her family — the five handsome sons, all married to pretty wives, the family's financial fortune — as a tableau of domestic perfection.
“We are not perfect,” she said, referring to her own illness, which at times made it impossible for her to do even basic tasks like grocery shopping and cooking. “I think that maybe by being out there, people can see we've had struggles.”
Mrs. Romney, who was once mocked for telling a reporter in 1994 that she and her husband had never argued seriously in their marriage, said they disagreed on a variety of political matters, although she would not say which.
“I shouldn't have to say that we agree on everything,” she said. “It's not like we are of the same mind. There are things that we differ on.”
Mrs. Romney made little secret of how miserable she was by the end of her husband's previous run for the White House. This time, she has resolved to take a different approach: “Enjoying it,” she said, even if it does require sitting through those debates.
Tony Harris, Morris Dees and Heidi Beirich
Investigation Discovery presented a press conference about the series, "Hate in America" during the 2016 TV Winter Press Tour. Appearing were host Tony Harris, from left, Morris Dees, co-founder of the Southern Poverty Law Center and Intelligence Project Director, Southern Poverty Law Center, Heidi Beirich.
(Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP)
PASADENA, California -- A session at the Television Critics Association Winter 2016 Press Tour here took a turn toward the serious during a press conference discussing the Investigation Discovery series, "Hate in America."
The series is hosted by Tony Harris, of Al Jazeera America, and features Harris working with the Southern Poverty Law Center and Morris Dees, its co- founder, to explore cases from the SPLC archives.
Its website describes the Southern Poverty Law Center as "the premiere U.S. non-profit organization monitoring the activities of domestic hate groups and other extremists - including the Ku Klux Klan, the neo-Nazi movement, neo-Confederates, racist skinheads, black separatists, antigovernment militias, Christian Identity adherents and others."
While "Hate in America" will focus on past cases that saw the SPLC going to court, working with law enforcement and taking other measures in support of civil rights, the conversation on Thursday turned briefly to the standoff in Oregon, where a group of anti-government armed militants are occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.
The standoff in Oregon is reflective of the growth in self-styled militias, said Heidi Beirich, director of the SPLC's Intelligence Project, which tracks extremist groups. Beirich referred to the recent SPLC annual count of militias, which showed that SPLC-defined far-right, anti-government militia groups numbered 276, a jump over 202 in 2014. The growth represents a 37 percent increase.
In an interview after the TV Press Tour panel, Beirich and Dees said that the Oregon situation wasn't surprising, in light of the federal government not holding members of the Bundy family accountable after another standoff between rancher Cliven Bundy and his supporters in 2014. Leaders of the Oregon confrontation include two of Bundy's sons.
"It's a really dangerous situation," Beirich said of the group occupying the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. "They've got a person up in a tower, with a rifle."
Federal officials holding off on making aggressive moves against the militants has a lot to do with a reluctance to put federal agents in the line of fire, said Dees.
The Investigation Discovery series, "Hate in America," premieres February 23.
-- Kristi Turnquist
kturnquist@oregonian.com
503-221-8227
@Kristiturnquist
Bill Nye will be debating Ken Ham in a week's time–inexplicably, on Ham's home turf, where he controls the terms and the crowd.
Nye is either going to get destroyed by Ken Ham or at least grow extremely frustrated with Ham's tactics.
I hope I'm wrong, but I'm not (unless I am, but we'll need to wait and see).
Nye seems to think he is walking into a debate of some sort over science, and that presenting the data will, if not prove victorious, at least put a dent into Ham's armor.
It won't. Nye is strolling into a well-tuned, battle-tested, apologetic war machine.
Nye and Ham won't even be able to agree on what the data are, what science is, and what it means to interpret evidence. Ham will make sure of that.
This is a debate over worldviews, and they get nasty quickly and go nowhere.
Ham is a master of crowd manipulation, with a long and documented track record of interpreting his opponents in the worst possible light, twisting data and logic, and other passive-aggressive debate tactics (praise God).
Ham can't and won't give one square inch on his science because if he does his finely tuned worldview will crumble to the ground–a worldview that includes deeply held (and erroneous) views of God and the Bible.
No one who thinks he has a handle on reality as Ham feels he does is actually capable of debate. Such types only lecture, declare, and prophesy.
Ham needs his theology just the way it is in order to maintain his strong grip on his understanding of reality. His theology requires a science that supports biblical literalism. Failure in this regard is not an option for Ham.
If Nye wants to debate, he's got a week to study theology and hermeneutics so he can address Ham's unexamined and faulty premises that allow him to handle science as he does.
Nye is clear that he has no delusions of convincing Ham. The debate presumably is aimed at dissuading those who listen to Ham. That may work, for a small number who are already questioning Ham's agenda, and that alone may be worth the effort.
That being said, this debate strikes me not simply as a general waste of time, but a win-win for Ham.
Ham is an immovable force. He will not in any conceivable universe “lose” the debate, and simply being debated by Nye will give Ham credibility in the eyes of those who might otherwise have successfully navigated past Ham's treacherous port and found a true and living faith elsewhere.
The ideal opponent, if a debate were unavoidable, would be (1) a theistic evolutionist, who (2) doesn't lose his/her cool, but (3) isn't above giving hard punches to the gut, and who (4) knows his/her way around theology, hermeneutics, and the history of Christian thought to expose to a larger crowd was is self-evident to most everyone else:
Ham is not capable of true debate, and his views are not worth debating to begin with.
EXCLUSIVE: Steubenville rape victim asks for input in Brad Pitt's movie of her ordeal as Anonymous hacker who inspired the film breaks his silence
Brad Pitt's production company Plan B has bought rights to 'Rolling Stone' article 'Anonymous vs Steubenville'
Movie will tell the story of Hactivist, Deric Lostutter and his fight for justice for 'Jane Doe'
Lostutter told MailOnline that she wants to be a 'consultant' on the film
High School Football stars Ma'lik Richmond and Trent Mays were convicted of raping the drunk 16-year-old in a night of parties in August 2012
Rape case scandalised America and tore Ohio town apart as thousands protested authorites' 'cover up,' victim blaming and vile social media
Lostutter launched Op RollRedRoll under alter ego KYAnonymous
Hacktivist was raided by FBI last April and could face 25 years jail while one rapist is free and the other could be released next year
The teenage victim of the Steubenville rape wants to work with Brad Pitt on his movie of the now notorious Ohio scandal, MailOnline can reveal.
The girl, who has never spoken publicly about her ordeal at the hands of High School football stars, Ma'lik Richmond and Trent Mays, has asked for ‘input' into the movie which will chronicle the crime and the role played by Anonymous hacker, Deric Lotstutter in exposing it and the cover up that followed.
Oscar winning Pitt's production company Plan B is to base the movie on a Rolling Stones profile of Lostutter, ‘Anonymous vs Steubenville,' by journalist David Kushner.
Speaking exclusively to MailOnline, Lostutter said: ‘Who better to tell her story than her? If her lawyer approves it we're going to make Jane Doe a consultant to the movie.
Hollywood Hacktivist: 'Twelve Years A Slave' producer Brad Pitt arriving at LAX Wednesday. The actor has bought rights to tell the story of Hacktivist Deric Lostutter and the notorious Steubenviille rape case
Computer screen to big screen: Deric Lotstutter's campaign as KYAnonymous has attracted the attention of Pitt's Plan B production company and 'Jane Doe' wants to be involved
‘Her best friend told me that she was sitting right next to her when she found out [about the movie] and that she trusts me and thanks me for getting involved.'
It is almost two years since the now infamous night in August 2012 which the girl, then 16, was raped across a series of back to back football parties. Catastrophically drunk she was dragged from one party ‘like a rag doll,' digitally penetrated, stripped naked, abused and photographed face down on a basement floor.
The full horror of that night only came to light when pictures were shared via social media in a crime that appalled America. In texts and tweets exchanged between the attackers and their friends Steubenville High School's revered athletes crowed over the girl, denigraded her online and made her a victim twice over.
Trial by social media: The messages over Twitter, Instagram and texts that were exchanged on a night of back to back parties in August 2012 and the next day were central to the original case - and to the outrage it caused nationwide
Video footage posted on Youtube showed former High School student Michael Nodianos on the night the crimes took place, laughing hysterically as he referred to the victim as ‘so raped right now.' In a tweet posted that night he wrote, ‘Song of the night is definitely “Rape Me” by Nirvana.'
Quarterback Mays and wide-receiver Richmond were convicted of rape and, in Mays's case an additional charge of dissemination of nude images of a minor, last March.
They were tried as juveniles and though both were classified as Tier II sex offenders – the State's second highest category - Mays was sentenced to two years detention and Richmond to just one year.
Reformed character? Less than one year after his conviction Ma'lik Richmond is back in Steubenville, back at High School and back playing football
Today that ‘justice' and the recognition his fight for it has brought is bittersweet for Lostutter.
Richmond was released in January and has resumed his studies at Steubenville High School.
He plans to play football again this Fall. With good behaviour Mays will be released next year. Both can apply to have their Tier II status, and the obligation to sign the Sex Offender register weekly, lifted.
According to Lostutter, ‘If they stay in Steubenville their lives will probably just go on like before. They're going to have a team of supporters who are rape apologists.'
But Lostutter's life has changed irrevocably since he was exposed last June as ‘KYAnonymous,' the face behind the Guy Fawkes mask and the orchestrator of the chaotic collective's Op RollRedRoll.
To the thousands of masked demonstrators who congregated on the steps of Steubenville courthouse as the ‘voice of Jane Doe,' Lostutter is a hero.
To the FBI Lostutter's online leaks, videos and posts may well constitute criminal activity that could see Lostutter face more jailtime than the rapists he sought to expose. His Kentucky home was raided by FBI agents in April last year.
Hacktivist: Deric Lostutter, a 26-year-old hacker and security consultant, has come forward as the man, right, in a December video which threatened to publish personal information of those involved in the Steubenville rape case
Under threat: Lostutter, 26, has received death threats since he was revealed as KYAnonymous. He has moved, struggles to find employment and faces a possible 25 years in jail
He admitted: ‘The case against me has taken a turn for the negative. I'm awaiting indictment. I'm supposed to hear something mid April, early May.'
He has been told he could face a maximum of 25 years jailtime. He regularly receives death threats and has moved from his home in Winchester to ‘the mountains in east Kentucky.'
He struggles to find employment, he said, because any would-be employer simply googles him and, he said: ‘Deric Lostutter raided by the FBI comes up.'
But, Lostutter insisted, he does not regret his involvement in the case that has, he said, ‘taken over his life.'
He said: ‘It has become my life really but if I hadn't tried to give Jane Doe a voice then I'd be as bad as the people who stood by and did nothing while the rape was happening.'
One of the most shocking aspects of the crime which divided the small blue-collar town was, according to Police Chief William McCafferty, that ‘nobody had the morals to say, “Hey stop it. This isn't right.”' Critics blamed a macho ‘football' culture in which star player were given free rein to run amok.
Ma'lik Richmond (right), pictured with fellow attacker Trent Mays, on the day the pair were convicted
Moment of truth: Trent Mays on the day he and friend Ma'lik Richmond were convicted of raping, degrading and humiliating their 16-year-old victim. Mays could be free next year
Michelle McKee, a sexual abuse survivor and activist and her friend Alexandria Goddard, a crime blogger originally from Steubenville who writes under the name Prinnie had been trying to attract media attention to the case before Anonymous became involved.
Goddard had found a wealth of incriminating tweets and photos including one which became the image of the case – the victim hanging limp between her attackers as they carry her by her wrists and ankles.
But when the family of Cody Saltsman, a player who had partied earlier with the group and posted the picture and derogatory comments on Twitter, tried to silence her with a defamation suit she alerted Anonymous to both the rape and the allegations of cover up being played out in the town and on social media.
Lostutter, explained: ‘I'd just come off my Operation Westboro Baptist Church and had a lot of media following after that. So we kind of steamrolled on into Steubenville.'
Op RollRedRoll: Protesters united under the banner of Anonymous 'steamrolled into Steubenville' to 'give Jane Doe a voice'
It is not a fight he is prepared to give up, he insisted, nor one that is over.
Last week Steubenville YMCA barred Richmond from using its facilities in line with its national policy on sex offenders.
A Facebook site ‘Boycott the YMCA of Steubenville, OH' sprang up in protest and is filled with victim blaming comments and vitriol targeted at Lostutter, the YMCA and even Pitt's movie.
One post reads, ‘This movie..is going to demonize and bash the two boys and the city of Steubenville.' Elsewhere the convicted rapists are repeatedly referred to as ‘alleged rapists' and one post wrongly states that the victim claimed to ‘want to have sex.'
Lostutter said: ‘The YMCA is the only establishment or business which is obeying the law keeping a sex offender away from children and as a result this site is calling for a boycott.'
But a Facebook page in support of the YMCA's stance has so far received just 120 ‘likes,' compared to the vocal supporters' of Richmond's 225. Lostutter said: ‘It's this sort of culture that I'm fighting against and I won't stop fighting against.
'Jane Doe didn't have a voice and I'm told she's thankful for what we've done. '
Shame: Saltsman publicly said that he was deeply sorry for the 'awful comments' he made about the victim but only after his family failed to silence blogger Prinnie who posted his tweets
Different day same attitude: Deric Lostutter describes supporters of this facebook page as 'apologists for rape'
Speaking to MailOnline, the victim's attorney, Bob Fitzsimmons, said: ‘As time goes on it's easier and better for her.
‘She's still in high school and she'll be graduating in May. She's been accepted to college and she intends to go. She still receives a lot of support from friends and family and from time to time she still receives professional counselling.
‘Overall she's made a good recovery.'
Mr Fitzsimmons would not comment directly on how Richmond's return to Steubenville had affected the victim and her family.
But he noted: ‘When somebody's been a victim and the perpetrator returns to the community it creates issues and a situation that I'm sure has to be dealt with.'
Home free: Ma'lik pictured at home on his return in January. His return to Steubenville is a situation his victim has had to 'deal with'
Asked whether he was satisfied that justice had been served Mr Fitzsimmons said: ‘Ma'lik was treated as a juvenile because he was a juvenile and because of the greater propensity for rehabilitation in such cases.
‘I certainly believe that what the system has done is the proper thing. This judge recognised both the seriousness and the ugliness of the crime as well as the juvenile nature of the guilty.'
Mr Fitzsimmons would not be drawn on whether or not the victim's family intend to bring a civil case against her attackers.
But he confirmed that he is currently representing a second victim, understood to be just 14 when she was allegedly attacked by a group of Steubenville High School footballers and athletes known locally as, ‘the rape crew.' That alleged attack took place in April, four months before Jane Doe's ordeal.
Mr Fitzsimmons said: ‘I'm still involved. And it may become a case that we take forward.'
And Lostutter feels vindicated by the fact that six Steubenville officials were indicted by a grand jury convened by Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine last April. Among them was Steubenville High School Superintendent Mike McVey who now faces three felony counts and two misdemeanours for tampering with evidence, obstructing justice, falsification and obstructing official business.
In January elementary School Principal Lynette Gorman, wife of Steubenville High School Vice Principal Ted Gorman, had charges of failure to report child abuse dismissed on condition that she served 40 hours of community service.
Last time, I started exploring whether or not Codensity was necessary to improve the asymptotic performance of free monads.
This time I'll show that the answer is no; we can get by with something smaller.
The Yoneda Lemma
Another form of right Kan extension arises from the Yoneda lemma.
I covered it briefly in my initial article on Kan extensions, but the inestimable Dan Piponi wrote a much nicer article on how it implies in Haskell that given a Functor instance on f, this type
newtype Yoneda f a = Yoneda ( forall r. ( a -> r ) -> f r )
is isomorphic to f a , witnessed by these natural transformations:
liftYoneda :: Functor f => f a -> Yoneda f a liftYoneda a = Yoneda ( \f -> fmap f a ) lowerYoneda :: Yoneda f a -> f a lowerYoneda ( Yoneda f ) = f id
That said, you are not limited to applying Yoneda to types that have Functor instances.
This type and these functions are provided by Data.Functor.Yoneda from the kan-extensions package.
Codensity vs. Yoneda
Note, Yoneda f is in some sense smaller than Codensity f , as Codensity f a is somewhat 'bigger' than f a , despite providing an embedding, while Yoneda f a is isomorphic.
For example, Codensity ((->) s) a is isomorphic to State s a , not to s -> a as shown by:
instance MonadState s ( Codensity ( ( -> ) s ) ) where get = Codensity ( \k s -> k s s ) put s = Codensity ( \k _ -> k ( ) s )
Now, Codensity is a particular form of right Kan extension, which always yields a Monad , without needing anything from f.
Here we aren't so fortunate, but we do have the fact that Yoneda f is always a Functor , regardless of what f is, as shown by:
instance Functor ( Yoneda f ) where fmap f ( Yoneda m ) = Yoneda ( \k -> m ( k . f ) )
which was obtained just by cutting and pasting the appropriate definition from Codensity or ContT , and comes about because Yoneda is a right Kan extension, like all of those.
To get a Monad instance for Yoneda f we need to lean on f somehow.
One way is to just borrow a Monad instance from f, since f a is isomorphic to Yoneda f a , if we have a Functor for f, and if we have a Monad , we can definitely have a Functor .
instance Monad m => Monad ( Yoneda m ) where return a = Yoneda ( \f -> return ( f a ) ) Yoneda m >>= k = Yoneda ( \f -> m id >>= \a -> runYoneda ( k a ) f )
Map Fusion and Reassociating Binds
Unlike Codensity the monad instance above isn't very satisfying, because it uses the >>= of the underlying monad, and as a result the >>= s will wind up in the same order they started.
On the other hand, the Functor instance for Yoneda f is still pretty nice because the (a -> r) part of the type acts as an accumulating parameter fusing together uses of fmap .
This is apparent if you expand lowerYoneda . fmap f . fmap g . liftYoneda , whereupon you can see we only call fmap on the underlying Functor once.
Intuitively, you can view Yoneda as a type level construction that ensures that you get fmap fusion, while Codensity is a type level construction that ensures that you right associate binds. It is important to note that Codensity also effectively accumulates fmap s, as it uses the same definition for fmap as Yoneda !
With this in mind, it doesn't usually make much sense to use Codensity (Codensity m) or Yoneda (Yoneda m) because the purpose being served is redundant.
Less obviously, Codensity (Yoneda m) is also redundant, because as noted above, Codensity also does fmap accumulation.
Other Yoneda-transformed Monads
Now, I said one way to define a Monad for Yoneda f was to borrow an underlying Monad instance for f, but this isn't the only way.
Consider Yoneda Endo . Recall that Endo from Data.Monoid is given by
newtype Endo a = Endo { appEndo :: a -> a }
Clearly Endo is not a Monad , it can't even be a Functor , because a occurs in both positive and negative position.
Nevertheless Yoneda Endo can be made into a monad -- the continuation passing style version of the Maybe monad!
newtype YMaybe a = YMaybe ( forall r. ( a -> r ) -> r -> r )
I leave the rather straightforward derivation of this Monad for the reader. A version of it is present in monad-ran.
This lack of care for capital-F Functor iality also holds for Codensity , Codensity Endo can be used as a two-continuation list monad. It is isomorphic to the non-transformer version of Oleg et al.'s LogicT, which is available on hackage as logict from my coworker, Dan Doel.
The Functor , Applicative , Monad , MonadPlus and many other instances for LogicT can be rederived in their full glory from Codensity (GEndo m) automatically, where
newtype GEndo m r = GEndo ( m r -> m r )
without any need for conscious thought about how the continuations are plumbed through in the Monad .
Bananas in Space
One last digression,
newtype Rec f r = ( f r -> r ) -> r
came up once previously on this blog in Rotten Bananas. In that post, I talked about how Fegaras and Sheard used a free monad (somewhat obliquely) in "Revisiting catamorphisms over datatypes with embedded functions" to extend catamorphisms to deal with strong HOAS, and then talked further about how Stephanie Weirich and Geoffrey Washburn used Rec to replace the free monad used by Fegaras and Sheard. That said, they did so in a more restricted context, where any mapping was done by giving us both an embedding and a projection pair.
Going to Church
We can't just use Rec f a instead of Free f a here, because Free f a is a functor, while Rec f a is emphatically not.
However, if we apply Yoneda to Rec f , we obtain a Church-encoded continuation-passing-style version of Free !
newtype F f a = F { runF :: forall r. ( a -> r ) -> ( f r -> r ) -> r }
Since this is of the form of Yoneda (Rec f) , it is clearly a Functor :
instance Functor ( F f ) where fmap f ( F g ) = F ( \kp -> g ( kp . f ) )
And nicely, without knowing anything about f, we also get a Monad !
instance Monad ( F f ) where return a = F ( \kp _ -> kp a ) F m >>= f = F ( \kp kf -> m ( \a -> runF ( f a ) kp kf ) kf )
But when we >>= all we do is change the continuation for (a -> r) , leaving the f-algebra, (f r -> r) , untouched.
Now, F is a monad transformer:
instance MonadTrans F where lift f = F ( \kp kf -> kf ( liftM kp f ) )
which is unsurprisingly, effectively performing the same operation as lifting did in Free .
Heretofore, we've ignored everything about f entirely.
This has pushed the need for the Functor on f into the wrapping operation:
instance Functor f => MonadFree f ( F f ) where wrap f = F ( \kp kf -> kf ( fmap ( \ ( F m ) -> m kp kf ) f ) )
Now, we can clearly transform from our representation to any other free monad representation:
fromF :: MonadFree f m => F f a -> m a fromF ( F m ) = m return wrap
or to it from our original canonical ADT-based free monad representation:
toF :: Functor f => Free f a -> F f a toF xs = F ( \kp kf -> go kp kf xs ) where go kp _ ( Pure a ) = kp a go kp kf ( Free fma ) = kf ( fmap ( go kp kf ) fma )
So, F f a is isomorphic to Free f a .
So, looking at Codensity (F f) a as Codensity (Yoneda (Rec f)) , it just seems silly.
As we mentioned before, we should be able to go from Codensity (Yoneda (Rec f)) a to Codensity (Rec f) a , since Yoneda was just fusing uses of fmap , while Codensity was fusing fmap while right-associating (>>=) 's.
Swallowing the Bigger Fish
So, the obvious choice is to try to optimize to Codensity (Rec f) a . If you go through the motions of encoding that you get:
newtype CF f a = CF ( forall r. ( a -> ( f r -> r ) -> r ) -> ( f r -> r ) -> r )
which is in some sense larger than F f a , because the first continuation gets both an a and an f-algebra (f r -> r) .
But tellingly, once you write the code, the first continuation never uses the extra f-algebra you supplied it!
So Codensity (Yoneda (Rec f)) a gives us nothing of interest that we don't already have in Yoneda (Rec f) a .
Consequently, in this special case rather than letting Codensity (Yoneda x) a swallow the Yoneda to get Codensity x a can actually let the Yoneda swallow the surrounding Codensity obtaining Yoneda (Rec f) a , the representation we started with.
Scott Free
Finally, you might ask if a Church encoding is as simple as we could go. After all a Scott encoding
newtype ScottFree f a = ScottFree { runScottFree :: forall r. ( a -> r ) -> ( f ( ScottFree f a ) -> r ) -> r }
would admit easier pattern matching, and a nice pun, and seems somewhat conceptually simpler, while remaining isomorphic.
But the Monad instance:
instance Functor f => Monad ( ScottFree f ) where return a = ScottFree ( \kp _ -> kp a ) ScottFree m >>= f = ScottFree ( \kb kf -> m ( \a -> runScottFree ( f a ) kb kf ) ( kf . fmap ( >>= f ) ) )
needs to rely on the underlying bind, and you can show that it won't do the right thing with regards to reassociating.
So, alas, we cannot get away with ScottFree .
Nobody Sells for Less
So, now we can rebuild Voigtländer's improve using our Church-encoded / Yoneda-based free monad F , which is precisely isomorphic to Free , by using
lowerF :: F f a -> Free f a lowerF ( F f ) = f Pure Free
to obtain
improve :: ( forall a. MonadFree f m => m a ) -> Free f a improvement m = lowerF m
And since our Church-encoded free monad is isomorphic to the simple ADT encoding, our new solution is as small as it can get.
Next time, we'll see this construction in action!
Just one night after going batshit insane on Monday Night Raw after losing her match to Paige, Alicia Fox did the same after losing yet another match, this one to Emma, on tonight's (Tues., May 13, 2014) episode of Main Event in Greensboro, North Carolina.
Except this time she took it one step further.
Instead of shaking up a drink and spraying it everywhere before stealing JBL's hat, she professed her love for Tony Chimel while slapping him around, then robbed the commentary team of Tom Phillips and Byron Saxton. She literally grabbed them up and demanded they give her all their money.
When they didn't produce it fast enough, she made them both eat paper, jamming it down their throats. Throughout all of this, she was saying something about being labeled "underrated", as though it's such a bad thing to warrant committing a felony on the WWE Network in an arena full of people.
How amazing is all this?
For complete results and the live blog from Main Event tonight click here.
This article is about the village. For the district municipality, see Municipality of the District of Chester
Village in Nova Scotia, Canada
Chester is a village on the Chester Peninsula, Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia, Canada.
History [ edit ]
French fishermen had built a few houses on the site. The first permanent European-descended settlers was the group of New England Planters from Massachusetts who came to the area in 1761. Chester (formerly known as the Shoreham grant) was officially founded in 1759 during the French and Indian War by Timothy Houghton and Reverend John Seccombe.[2]
During the American Revolution, led by militia captain Jonathan Prescott, the village defended itself against a raid by American privateers. At the end of the engagement, the townswomen, young and old, garbed in cloaks with their red lining worn outwards (to resemble the uniforms of the British soldiers) marched around the blockhouse (now the Wisteria Cottage House) in the early morning of 30 June 1782 to successfully convince American privateers lying offshore to find another place to pillage. The following day the privateers successfully executed the Raid on Lunenburg.
During the War of 1812, the American privateer Young Teazer was trapped off the shores of Chester by HMS Hogue. To avoid capture, a crew member of Young Teazer destroyed his own ship, killing most of the crew.[3]
After World War I, to honour the 54 soldiers from the area that were killed, the famous New York sculptor J. Massey Rhind was commissioned to make the Nova Scotia Highlander soldier cenotaph.[4] After the war the Women's Institute of Nova Scotia established the Zoé Vallé Memorial Library.
The Village [ edit ]
Chester is one of the wealthiest communities in the province as a result of being a holiday and resort destination, with many seasonal and year-round estates and mansions. The nearby waters of Mahone Bay and its numerous islands are well known for yachting and have made the Chester Yacht Club into a cruising destination.[5] A Provincial ferry from the village provides a schedule of daily trips to Big Tancook Island and Little Tancook Island.
Chester was the site of a controversial proposal to change status of the village. A committee had been formed in hopes of changing the status of Chester by incorporating as a town, thereby leaving the Chester Municipal District. Many residents of the village under the banner "Citizens for Fairness" successfully fought the motion on the principle that the majority of citizens, by ballot, should decide such a fundamental change. Some also saw the possibility of higher taxes, costs for a town hall, a mayor, and water and sewage services as reasons to not incorporate. They won the right to a plebiscite in the fall of 2002 from the Nova Scotia Legislature. The motion was defeated in a public plebiscite on February 22, 2003.[6]
Schools [ edit ]
Chester has an elementary school, Chester District School (grades Primary–5) and a middle school, Chester Area Middle School or CAMS as it is known (grades 6–8). Forest Heights Community School brings together students from all of the Municipality of the District of Chester and Tancook Islands for grades 9–12.
Festivals and events [ edit ]
Front Harbour, Chester
William G Ernst, departing the dock at Chester bound for The passenger ferry MV, departing the dock at Chester bound for Big Tancook Island and Little Tancook Island . The ferry is operated by the provincial Department of Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal.
The village is home to the Chester Playhouse one of the best-known community theaters on Nova Scotia's South Shore.
Chester is well known for its annual summer sailing regatta, Chester Race Week, where keelboats from all over the eastern coast of North America compete during the second week of August. In the last weekend of July there is the annual Chester Garden Show and the House and Garden Tour along with harbour tours. Also that weekend is the famous Bonnie Lea Lobster benefit.
The Chester Municipal Heritage Society operates the Lordly House Museum and children's playground, they host an annual Antique Auction in early July,and an Annual House and Boat Tour after Race week,a Christmas Craft Fair and at the Train Station circa 1905 is an Oak Island Display and Visitors Information office. Winter is a time for events including "Sing! Choirs" in December and February's "Coldest Day of the Year", the Chester Drama Society fundraiser.
There are a number of public boat launch sites around Mahone Bay. The waters are fine for kayaking and sailing. For walkers and cyclists there is also the Chester Connector which is a municipal operated section of the previous rail line and which is shared with motorized recreational vehicles.
Chester Golf Club situated along the eastern side of the front harbour boast 18 holes many on the coastal waters where golfers can watch sailing and play golf at the same time! "The Park" The Church Memorial Park is home to the Chester Tennis Club, Eleanor Pew Memorial Rink and Chester Curling Club, home club of curler Mary Fay (2015 Canada Games Silver Medal winner).
TV shows [ edit ]
Haven (TV series) The Syfy original series Haven is mainly filmed in Chester as well as Lunenburg, Mahone Bay and Hubbards.
The Curse of Oak Island Mostly filmed at the Oak Island in Mahone Bay, Nova Scotia. Also features discussions about the treasure at the F'o'c'sle Tavern in Chester, Nova Scotia.
Parks [ edit ]
East River Provincial Park
Graves Island Provincial Park
Notable residents [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A study of Europe's largest banks by Oxfam have concluded that the continent's 20 biggest banks all use jurisdictions with favorable tax and regulatory rules to avoid paying their full liabilities, draining public finances by in the process.
The 52-page report, the first in-depth analysis of the conduct of Europe's 20 largest banks on a country-by-country basis, highlights a clear pattern of tax-dodging, with around €25 billion (US$27,3 billion) siphoned to tax havens annually, rather than the coffers of national exchequers.
Europe's 20 biggest banks are using tax havens on an industrial scale: https://t.co/OFxOq53vQX #endtaxhavens pic.twitter.com/UfWOwdFdSI
— Oxfam International (@Oxfam) March 27, 2017​
Tax havens such as Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and the Isle of Man are key destinations for fleeing bank profits, with the report sardonically noting bank employees working in tax havens appear to be four times more productive than an average full-time bank employee. On average, a bank employee generates a profit for their company of US$50,000 per year, but employees in tax havens make an average US$186,000 per year. An employee of Italian bank Intesa Sanpaolo based in a tax haven appears to be 20 times more "productive" than a worker at the bank's Italian branches.
"These very high profits per employee in tax havens cannot reasonably be a reflection of the skills and efficiency of employees based in tax havens, but rather indicate reported profits are unusually high there," the report says.
Nonetheless, Oxfam makes clear the money also ends up elsewhere within EU member states such as Luxembourg, with banks such as Barclays using the Grand Duchy to pay effective tax rates of around 0.2 percent.
ROI & NI Press Release re new Oxfam report 'Opening the vaults: the use of tax havens by Europe's biggest banks': https://t.co/PH2NU2xUwm — Oxfam Ireland Media (@Media_OxfamIRL) March 27, 2017​
Ireland is another popular destination, as banks can circumvent tax liabilities by basing their European headquarters in the country. While Ireland has headline corporation tax rates of 12.5 percent (the second-lowest in the European Union alongside Cyprus), the country maintains double taxation agreements with a variety of virtual tax havens, which allows firms based there to shift profits to jurisdictions such as Panama, meaning they often don't even pay Ireland's humble rates.
A February 28 Oxfam Ireland report indicated companies route as much as US$100 billion out of Ireland annually via this ruse.
The use of tax havens has even enabled banks such as BBVA, RBS, Santander, Société Générale and UniCredit, to reap profits in excess of their reported annual turnovers.
Top tax havens in terms of reported profits for Europe's largest banks. Hong Kong leads, followed by Luxembourg. @oxfam @TaxJusticeNet pic.twitter.com/9ZdKZJ7kpC — Hera Hussain حرا (@herahussain) March 27, 2017​
In an ironic twist, Oxfam sourced its information from official EU data — since 2015, all banks based in the EU have been obliged to publicly report profits earned and tax paid on a country-by-country basis, the only sector required to do so — perhaps a suggestion the bloc's ongoing push for financial services openness has not been successful in changing the sector's behavior.
"The urgent need now is to extend public country-by-country reporting to all sectors of the economy. If tax transparency is extended to all sectors, it will be easier for governments to clamp down on tax dodging and to repatriate lost tax revenues that could be used to fight inequality through investment in healthcare, education, social protection and job creation," the report said.
However, Oxfam's research suggests the banks aren't all as bad as one another — while all 20 had operations in tax havens, some were much more active in using them to avoid paying tax than others. The charity believes this demonstrates it is quite feasible for a bank to act ethically, despite market pressures.
European banks booked €628 million profits in tax havens where they employ nobody. Time for public #cbcr @EUCouncil https://t.co/XZfhTg6FCL — Markus Meinzer (@markusmeinzer) March 27, 2017​
It also follows revelations in 2016 that European politicians and criminals use Panama to hide their money, with the exposures implicating HSBC, Société Générale, Credit Agricole, BNP Paribas and Santander, also implicated in Oxfam's recent report.
Last April, the EU Commission proposed legislation that requires multinationals to reveal their tax data, although campaigners claim the plan has been significantly diluted, with the proposal excluding up to 90 percent of the business operating in the EU as it only applies to those with annual turnovers of at least €750 million (US$816 million).
Jeremy Corbyn, on current polling, is on course to win Labour's leadership campaign. Conventional wisdom, as recycled by Britain's political class, has put this down to a kind of post-election sulk by Labour's members and supporters. Elect Corbyn now, they insist at increasing volume, and Labour can kiss goodbye to power for a generation or more.
The Westminster bubble was wrong about Corbyn's candidacy, and it's wrong about how the left might win the next general election. It's the left in the party, not the right, that can show a path to Labour's return to power. Supporting Corbyn is not just about principle or ‘self-indulgence'. It's about strategy. Here's how it could work:
1. It's the stupid economy.
The chances of the UK avoiding a financial crisis and recession over the next few years diminish with every day that passes. The only real question is whether the house of cards collapses before, or after, the next general election. With austerity dragging down demand, it's private sector borrowing that is increasingly keeping the show on the road. Borrowing by households, excluding mortgages, is now rising at the fastest level since 2007. The government's own forecasters expect household debt to reach record levels before the end of the decade. Throw in the productivity slump, a yawning current account deficit, and rumblings from Greece to China and you're looking at crash in waiting. If the opposition is organised when it happens, it can win.
2. Austerity will begin to hit those it previously left alone.
George Osborne set out a dangerous political manoeuvre in the summer budget. He is attempting to break the attachment of British society to its welfare state. He's been very clear he's seeking to create a new political consensus around a ‘low tax, low welfare' economy. But until that consensus exists, the cuts he needs to make will hurt and will be seen to hurt. Projections from the budget suggest 13m people will lose an average of £260 a year. 3m households will lose £1k. These are serious cuts across broad swathes of the population. An opposition prepared to actually oppose those cuts would pick up support. The Blairites can't do it.
3. Scotland.
The SNP won't go away. 56 MPs won't vanish overnight – not with the party currently polling at an extraordinary 56%. Either Labour cuts a deal with the SNP or, this side of independence, it will not return to power. Ed Miliband's posturing against the SNP before this year's election fooled precisely no one, and the Tories gleefully exploited the disingenuousness. Better to get over residual unionism and be honest about the situation. The anti-austerity, anti-Trident Labour left is in a far better position to talk to the anti-austerity, anti-Trident SNP than the pro-austerity, pro-Trident Labour right.
4. Where do the Tories go next?
There was no grand swing to the Conservatives in this election. Labour's vote rose by more, despite the loss of Scotland. But the Tories were far sharper in exploiting the collapse of the Lib Dems. That's not a trick that can be repeated twice. So where do they go next? Labour to Tory switchers at the last election were tiny in number, just 2% of voters, and, in a creaking economy with austerity grinding onwards, the Tories will seriously have their work cut out to win over many more.
A better bet for them are Ukip supporters. But Ukip's ambiguities – as the pro-Establishment anti-Establishment party – can, in practice, play left or right. ‘Red Ukip' is a curious thing, but it exists. And the Tories have scarcely settled their own issues on Europe. A Labour party not obviously tied to the Establishment, and able to take a robust line against the neoliberal EU, could win these voters over. The right can't do that.
5. Labour has a generation to win back.
Tony Blair's greatest achievement was not the landslide of 1997. The proverbial donkey in a red rosette could at least have got a majority then, such was the depth of real hatred for the Conservatives. Blair's real achievement was to lose Labour 4m votes in subsequent elections. He won fewer votes in 2001 and 2005 than Neil Kinnock lost the 1992 election with. It was a failure by disenchanted Labour supporters to vote that explains the gap between Labour's opinion poll support and its actual vote this time round. Although more prevalent in Labour's heartlands, those disenchanted former voters and fed-up supporters are spread throughout the country. It won't be Liz Kendall or Andy Burnham that can win them back.
6. Left policies are popular.
On issue after issue, the majority of voters are far to the left of the mainstream, from taxing the rich to renationalising the railways and utilities. Of course, it's a long way from single policies being widely supported to an entire programme of the left being popular. There's no straight line from one to the other. But it's the left who can start to pull such a programme together – not burned-out Blairites.
–
None of this is guarantee. Could win is a very long way from will win. The uncertainties are enormous. There is the small matter of the leadership election itself. But we're already seeing the limits of Blair-style ‘triangulation' in Labour's disarray over what ought to be the simple issue of opposing Conservative welfare cuts.
There's no reason to assume some election-winning magic attaches itself to the right and centre. Reheated Blairism, as now being offered by the Labour right, is an unpalatable mess. Its ‘realism' looks increasingly unreal to anyone outside the whirligig of Westminster. And its failures have opened an extraordinary political opportunity for the left. It's there for the taking.
Keeping the Kotlin reference open, we started to develop the Voter application. Kotlin is a JVM language with 100% Java interoperability, and if you're familiar with Java, learning Kotlin is easy. However, if you want to fully take advantage of the language, understanding functional programming concepts is essential.
Learning Functional Programming takes a while. So be patient.
And Functional Programming is not easy. At least in the beginning. Until it becomes fun. I strongly advise taking a set of courses by Martin Ordersky “Functional Programming in Scala”. Scala can be overwhelming at times, but it gives a great overview of the new functional programming mindset. You can treat Kotlin as a simpler version of Scala.
What made us turn to the Kotlin side
Functional programming style
Kotlin is 100% interoperable with Java. Also, Kotlin is a functional language. And the latter allows writing more elegant, expressive code.
Function purity
The concept of a pure function (a function that does not have side effects) is the most important functional concept which allowed us to greatly reduce code complexity and get rid of most mutable states.
In Imperative Programming Languages such as Javascript, Java, and C#, Side Effects are everywhere. This makes debugging very difficult because a variable can be changed anywhere in your program. So when you have a bug because a variable is changed to the wrong value at the wrong time, where do you look? Everywhere? That's not good.
Note that how we manipulate data without changing its content.
2. Higher-order functions
Higher-order Functions either take functions as parameters, return functions or both.
Higher-order functions are everywhere. You just pass functions to collections to make code easy to read. titles.map { it.toUpperCase()} reads like plain English. Isn't it wonderful?
Let's imagine a situation where we want to count the number of unread messages of different types. A typical approach would be:
As you can see, as new requirements are introduced, the code becomes unreadable and unmanageable. Let's see how we can solve this problem with higher-order functions:
And we can imagine use cases where we would want to parametrize the fold function argument, let's say, for calculating the product of unread messages.
Another example of using higher-order functions is replacing numerous Listeners with simple higher-order function:
BillingView : LinearLayout {
var billingChangeListener: (() -> Unit)? = null
...
}
... // in an activity far, far away
billingView.billingChangeListener { updateUI() }
3. Immutability
Immutability makes it easier to write, use and reason about the code (class invariant is established once and then unchanged). The internal state of your app components will be more consistent. Kotlin enforces immutability by introducing val keyword as well as Kotlin collections, which are immutable by default. Once the val or a collection is initialized, you can be sure about its validity. (See UPD for more accurate definition on val keyword).
data class Address(val line1: String, val city: String)
val items = listOf(Address("242 5th St", "Los Angeles"), Address("Dovzhenka St. 5", "Kiev"))
Null-safety
This language feature made us think carefully about nullability of fields in our model classes. Previously, you were not sure whether field in DTO is initialized or not, @Nullable and @NotNull annotations helped, but not as much. Now, with Kotlin, you precisely know what field can be null, what field is are initialized later (e.g. fields injected by Dagger) and you get strict control over those fields. Result? Almost no NullPointerExceptions . (Internally we call ?. a “goose” operator, because it looks like a goose's neck)
brand?.let { badge.enabled = brand.isNewBadge }
// Can also be written as
badge.enabled = brand?.isNewBadge?:false
Anko
Anko DSL is a great library which significantly simplifies working with views, threads, and android lifecycle. The Github description states that Anko is “Pleasant Android application development” and it truly proved to be so.
Note that when uiThread is called inside Activity, the block will not execute if isFinishing is true . We do not actually use this feature, as RxJava handles all the threading in our apps, but it is a nice feature.
Using Anko instead of XML. Although Anko is not ready to replace standard Android UI building, sometimes it is very handy.
As you can see, Anko DSL allows you to use custom views alongside Android built-in views. This is where it has a great advantage over standard XML.
Kotlin Android extensions: Removing ButterKnife dependency
Bored yet? I bet you scrolled that without reading. In Kotlin, you don't need any of those. You can just reference your view property by its @id XML parameter, those properties would have the same name as declared in your XML file. More info can be found in official docs.
Other neat features
Extension functions & Builders
apply , let , and extension functions can be easily used to create elegant builders.
2. A quick hack for beginners
During the first couple of days, you often stumble upon a problem: you don't know how to write a rather simple Java expression in Kotlin.
A simple trick is to write a piece of code in Java and then paste it into a Kotlin file. Thanks to guys in JetBrains, it gets automatically converted to Kotlin. Hacky, but works like a charm!
3. Getting rid of unnecessary dependencies
Kotlin replaces a lot of third-party libraries, such as ButterKnife, Google Autovalue, Retrolambda, Lombok and some of the RxJava code.
Summary
As a software development team, the main challenge we have is delivering great products and being effective at getting the job done. Although to start developing effectively in Kotlin you need some prerequisite knowledge of functional programming, investing time to learn it really pays off. I believe Kotlin is a major improvement over conventional Android development, which allows us to deliver great apps on time, and with MUCH fewer bugs.
Feel free to ask questions, we will be grad to help others make the transition. Share your thoughts / comments below!
Programming is the most fun you can have with your clothes on.
John Guttag
UPD: val does not actually mean ‘immutable', but rather ‘read only'. See this article for details.
References
Scottish Government: Historic tax contributions could shave more than £30bn from debt.
© STV
An independent Scotland could take on a smaller share of UK debt if historical tax contributions are taken into account, according to the Scottish Government.
An analysis paper estimates a notional share of £92bn, or 62% of gross domestic product (GDP), if debt is allocated by population.
But the figure would be equivalent to £56bn, or 38% of GDP, if contributions to the Treasury over the past 30 years are taken into account, the paper argues.
Both scenarios are based on estimates from 2011-12, putting UK public sector net debt at £1.1 trillion, or 72% of UK GDP.
The paper, Scotland's Balance Sheet, follows earlier Scottish Government analysis on pensions and tax revenues in an attempt to build the economic case for independence.
Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said: "Scotland's share of the UK's public sector debt will obviously be a crucial part of the negotiations following a vote for independence and this analysis shows that Scotland will be in a strong position in these negotiations.
"It is clear that whatever way we look at it, Scotland is in a much better financial position than the UK, including on the issue of national debt.
"Both of the methodologies show that Scotland's estimated share of national debt takes up a smaller proportion of our economy than is the case for the UK, which means that in all circumstances, Scotland will be better off with independence."
Some "hard talking" will be needed in any negotiations over debt, if Scotland votes for independence in the referendum in September next year, she noted.
Earlier this week Finance Secretary John Swinney said Scotland "more than pays her way" in tax to the Treasury.
His paper showed tax revenue was £56.9bn in the last year, equivalent to £10,700 per person in Scotland, compared with £9000 per person for the UK as a whole.
Over the last 30 years, revenue per person has been £1350 a year higher than in the UK as a whole, when adjusted for inflation, the paper stated.
A separate analysis of pensions suggested Scotland is in a better position to provide pension and social welfare than the rest of the UK.
The Scottish Government puts public spending as a share of GDP, with a geographic share of North Sea oil, at 42.7% in Scotland in 2011-12 compared with 45.5% in the UK.
On Wednesday, the House of Lords Select Economic Affairs Committee suggested pension liabilities will be a financial burden to an independent Scotland.
The notional 62% share of public debt would become 123% of GDP if future liabilities are included, the peers concluded.
A Treasury spokesman said: "This is a partial analysis based on favourable assumptions and data from a year when North Sea receipts were particularly high.
"Scotland benefits from spending that is consistently 10% higher per person than the UK average.
"The independent IFS have explained that Scotland would face a much tougher fiscal challenge over the long term than the rest of the UK. The Scottish Government's own internal analysis acknowledges that North Sea receipts will fall dramatically over the coming decades.
"This report doesn't explain how an independent Scotland would fill the black hole it will leave in its finances."
The Shrine of the Grotto of the Redemption is a religious shrine located in West Bend, Iowa, in the Roman Catholic Diocese of Sioux City. A conglomeration of nine grottos depicting scenes in the life of Jesus, the Grotto contains a large collection of minerals and petrifications and is believed to be the largest grotto in the world.[2]
It is also "considered to be the world's most complete man-made collection of minerals, fossils, shells, and petrifications in one place."[3] The total value of all the rocks and minerals which make up the Grotto is over $4,308,000.[4][5] Over 100,000 people visit the Grotto each year.[3][6][7]
The shrine includes a museum with precious and semiprecious stones from throughout the world, and photos and artifacts about the construction of the shrine.
History [ edit ]
Father Paul Dobberstein was a German immigrant ordained in 1897.[8] He became critically ill with pneumonia and promised to build a shrine to the Virgin Mary if she interceded for him.[9][10] After his recovery, he began stockpiling rocks and precious stones.[11] Construction of the grotto began in 1912[11][12] and continued year round for 42 years.
Father Dobberstein used the knowledge and skills gained during construction of his first grotto honoring Our Lady of Lourdes, while training at St. Francis Seminary in St. Francis, Wisconsin. His method was to set fancy rocks and gems into concrete. In 1946, Father Louis Greving began helping Dobberstein with the construction.[12] The grotto covered an area the size of a city block when Dobberstein died in 1954. Matt Szerensce helped work on the grotto until his retirement in 1959.[3][13] Construction still continues and has been maintained by Deacon Gerald Streit since 1994.
Father Dobberstein's works inspired Mathias Wernerus (who also attended St. Francis Seminary) to build the Dickeyville Grotto in Dickeyville, Wisconsin, in 1930,[2][4][14] thus starting the grotto building movement in America.[4][15]
As of August 1, 2015, the grotto has been raised to the status of diocesan shrine by R. Walker Nickless, Bishop of Sioux City. This is the first Catholic religious shrine designated in the diocese.
In popular culture [ edit ]
The Grotto of the Redemption is featured in the David Lynch film The Straight Story.
Gallery [ edit ]
Entrance sign
View of Lower Arcade: Small Stations of the Cross
Station 13
See also [ edit ]
Google's latest update to Maps is all about easing some of the pain points of international travel.
Two features that previously leaked out are now making their way to everyone. You can now flip on a Wi-Fi only mode to ensure you don't rack up any charges on a restrictive data plan. Additionally, you're able to store offline maps to an SD card if you have a phone that supports this feature.
Google Maps blog You can now flip on a Wi-Fi only mode or save maps data to an SD card.
Google says that it's expanding the ride services available in other countries as well. Uber is everywhere, but you can also choose from GO-JEK in Indonesia and Grab in Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, and Thailand. Services from Gett, Hailo, and MyTaxi are also popping up inside of Ireland, Poland, Italy, Austria, Russia, and Israel.
To get in on the latest features, make sure you have the most recent version of Google Maps from the Play Store.
The impact on you: While there are good ways to find cheap data while traveling, it always helps to do some advance planning by saving Maps offline. If you have a hefty SD card, it's wise to save a big batch of your map so you don't have to worry about knowing where you are.
This story, "Google Maps strengthens offline and ride-sharing features" was originally published by Greenbot .
Does the city need ugly buildings? The shabby and unfashionable, the weirdo huts and half-abandoned malls and rundown plazas. Could it be they actually serve a valuable purpose in the life and evolution of the city?
( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR ) ( KEITH BEATY / toronto star ) ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR ) ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR ) ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR ) ( KEITH BEATY / TORONTO STAR )
It's a question raised recently by the imminent demolition of a strip of stores near Yonge and Eglinton that virtually everyone, it seems, agreed were a blight on the neighbourhood. As Joshua Errett, of CBC News, reported this week, even the architect who designed the wheelchair-inaccessible, above-and-below-ground plaza in the 1980s, Lloyd Alter, has long thought it was horrendously ugly. It's a sentiment Alter told me local residents shared with him almost immediately upon its construction. So when it was announced that it would be demolished to make way for a condo tower, everyone was ready to celebrate. Except the family-run businesses that leased space in it, like the Korean Cowboy restaurant and the Hollywood Diamond jewellery shop, whose owners and families have commented that they are sad to be forced out. And except for those who have long visited the two video-gaming shops that had been in that plaza. And except those residents of a neighbourhood recently overwhelmed by the Firkin & Starbucks main-street redevelopment routine who now wonder: Where in their area are these kinds of tiny, independent enterprises likely to fit in? In a city where every new condo development brings a podium filled with banks, big-boxes and chain stores, and where every remaining lovely Victorian century-building attracts a pet spa or a high-end coffee house, the question is: Do unloved, ugly commercial buildings — ones no self-respecting Pottery Barn would consider moving into — serve a purpose by providing viable places for quirky mom-and-pop enterprises to set up shop?
Article Continued Below
Alter ruminated on this for the CBC and in his own blog post at the site Treehugger, and again when I spoke to him on the phone, invoking Jane Jacobs' old maxim, “Old ideas can sometimes use new buildings. New ideas must use old buildings.” When she wrote that, in her 1961 book The Death and Life of Great American Cities, she meant that old buildings, a type synonymous with low-rent at the time, provide a home for riskier and lower-profit types of businesses — the kinds of businesses that might innovate but also provide neighbourhood diversity and character. “As for really new ideas of any kind — no matter how ultimately profitable or otherwise successful some of them might prove to be —” she wrote in the same passage, “there is no leeway for such chancy trial, error and experimentation in the high-overhead economy of new construction.” Considering my experience of recent trips to San Francisco and Manhattan, and looking around downtown Toronto and the rapidly gentrifying south of the city, I had started to think that this concept was outdated. Because in modern urban real estate, old buildings are often as “high-overhead” as new ones, or more so. A former warehouse in the Distillery District or Liberty Village is no longer a cheap place for artists to live or a sketchy bootstrapping startup to house offices — such a brick and beam and stone and wood heritage building is now a prestige address. Old no longer equals undesirable, or cheap. But ugly? Well, perhaps that's a different story.
And, I think, it's not just innovative “new ideas” that require a lower-rent, less desirable home, but all manner of independent businesses — the “record shop, tattoo parlour or video game store” that Alter mentions to the CBC, but also the sari shop, the old family-run diner, the pho counter, the Bollywood film rental store, the two-stool barbershop. The kinds of low-margin, low-prospect, no-chain businesses that make a neighbourhood an interesting place to live. You can wander around in the older parts of the city, the gentrified or gentrifying ones, and notice that it is the tinier and uglier storefronts that tend to house the remaining outposts of eccentricity. Almost more so, you can go to the less-trendy, farther-flung areas of the city and see that while international chains of varying price levels occupy the massive, renovated malls and new-built big-box complexes, the truly interesting independent joints are clustered in ugly old parking-lot strip malls, or in ugly old neighbourhood malls like Agincourt or Galleria.
Article Continued Below
The concept does present a bit of a riddle when it comes to what to do about it. After all, the reason such a place remains low-rent is its undesirability. The quality that makes it a community asset is the same quality that would lead to widespread celebration at its destruction. “Save the eyesores that humiliate even the architects who built them” seems like a misguided kind of rallying cry. Still, you seldom see a neighbourhood's character displayed in the commercial spaces of the buildings that braggarts would say give a neighbourhood its beloved character — the heritage-proud architectural treasures and new-built condos both more often house a less interesting kind of place. I've heard it suggested, for a start, that condo towers should have smaller store spaces in their base, perhaps sold as independent units themselves rather than leased. Perhaps. Whether there's anything to be done or not, perhaps it's a start to just look upon those ugly buildings in your neighbourhood and, before uttering your ritual wish for their erasure, wonder if they're actually doing some good. - Galleria Mall, at Dufferin and Dupont, is also slated for demolition to make way for a new mixed-use condominium complex — years after big chains abandoned it and left it to quirkier neighbourhood businesses. Gerrard and Carlaw plaza When the Riverdale dining institution The Real Jerk lost the lease on its newly gentrified longtime home at Queen and Broadview, it found a new one in an unfashionable, half-abandoned strip mall at Gerrard and Carlaw — one that became fashionable after being featured in a Rihanna and Drake music video. King Palace Restaurant A space apparently custom-built for an out-of-business doughnut shop, sharing a lot with a car wash, provides a home for Indian and Pakistani cuisine at King Palace Restaurant, in the rapidly redeveloping Davenport and Yonge area. Jim's Best Westerns A little hole-in-the-wall adjoining an auto body shop continues to house a diner institution — Jim's “Best Westerns” Restaurant — in Riverside, long after trendier bars and organic butchers moved into the area. Alexandro's gyro shop Captain John's restaurant ship has hauled out of the harbour, but the neighbouring independent takeout institution Alexandro's is still serving gyros from It's strange little hut next door on Queens Quay. Keele Centre warehouse building Directly to the south is the Dundas West strip of the Junction that the New York Times recently called “Toronto's most stylish neighbourhood.” Directly north is a newer set of big-box complexes filled with the likes of Home Depot and Winners. But the aging industrial monstrosity of the Keele Centre at West Toronto St. still stands, home to small businesses such as Fabric Fabric Edward Keenan writes on city issues ekeenan@thestar.ca . Follow: @thekeenanwire
Research found 25-year-olds on short-hours contracts more likely to report poor mental or physical health than other workers
Young people employed on zero-hours contracts are more likely to have worse mental and physical health than peers with more stable positions, a study has found.
The study, conducted by the UCL Institute of Education, found 25-year-olds employed on contracts that do not guarantee a minimum number of work hours were 41% less likely to report having good physical health compared with those with secure contracts.
Young people on zero-hours contracts were also one-and-a-half times more likely to report having a mental health problem compared with someone on a more secure employment contract.
The research, part of wider work looking at young people's experiences of the labour market, has prompted concern among unions and MPs, who are calling for the government to crack down on exploitative employment arrangements.
Has being on a zero-hours contract affected your health? Read more
The Unite union's assistant general secretary, Steve Turner, said that only by banning zero-hours contracts could the “scourge of insecure work” be tackled. He said: “This shocking research points to zero-hours contracts not just harming people's wallets, but harming people's physical and mental health too. Our young people deserve a better future than low-paid, insecure work and the stress of not knowing from one week to the next whether they will be able to pay the bills and eat.”
The Labour MP for Great Grimsby, Melanie Onn, said: “Not knowing how many days you'll be working, or even if you will be working, from day to day, puts huge strain on people trying to balance their household budget.”
The study's lead author, Dr Morag Henderson, said: “Millennials have faced a number of challenges as they entered the world of work. They joined the labour market at the height of the most recent financial crisis and faced higher than ever university fees and student loan debt.”
She said one likely cause for the negative impact of zero-hours contracts on mental health was financial stress or anxiety “associated with having a low-status job”. She added the worry of not having regular work could trigger physical symptoms such as chest pain.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Frances O'Grady said: ‘If you don't know how much work you will have from one day to the next, this is bound to impact on your health and mental wellbeing.' Photograph: Ben Birchall/PA
There were 1.7m zero-hours contracts in the UK in November 2016, making up 6% of all employment contracts. The Resolution Foundation thinktank said the pace of growth for these contracts had slowed in the second half of 2016, to 0.8% from 7.7% in the same period a year earlier.
People on zero-hours contracts do not have set working hours a week, although there can be pressure for them to come in when needed. Companies including Sports Direct and McDonald's have been criticised for using such employment methods.
The Trades Union Congress (TUC) and Unite have urged the government to follow New Zealand's lead and ban zero-hour contracts.
The Institute of Education study followed 7,707 people living in England who were aged between 13 and 14 in 2004. When they reached 25 in 2015 they were asked about their working life and to rate their physical and mental health on a scale from excellent to poor.
Insecure work and zero-hour contracts hit ill women the hardest | Zoë Apostolides Read more
Two-thirds of 25-year-olds researchers spoke to were employed full-time, 12% were employed part-time and 7% were unemployed. About a quarter worked shifts, and 5% had zero-hours contracts. The largest proportion (15%) were in professional roles such as teaching.
Concern about zero-hours contracts prompted Theresa May to hire Matthew Taylor, the former head of Tony Blair's policy unit, to head a review of workers' rights. The response is due in the summer.
The Department of Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy said: “We are committed to building an economy that works for everyone and making sure employment rules and rights keep up to date to reflect new ways of working, that's why we asked Matthew Taylor in October to conduct an independent review into modern working practices. As part of his review, Matthew has been looking at different ways of working and wellbeing, which we expect to be published shortly.”
Frances O'Grady, the general secretary of the TUC, said: “If you don't know how much work you will have from one day to the next, this is bound to impact on your health and mental wellbeing.”
“Employers must not be allowed to get away with treating workers like disposable labour.”
DeMark Thompson, known for The Hunger Games, is still eyeing a Green Lantern role.
Last September saw Thompson release a Green Lantern teaser to show that he's willing to take the oath (watch below).
Now DeMark Thompson has been active again on Instagram as the actor regularly posts images using the hashtag "#greenlantern."
"I'm still in it for the role of John Stewart aka The Green Lantern," Thompson posted.
It's unknown when Green Lantern will first appear in the DCEU. To date, there hasn't been anything official or teased to suggest a Green Lantern could show up in Justice League, but WB did announce a Green Lantern Corps movie thought to have a 2020 release date.
WB did also reveal Green Lantern concept art at last year's Comic-Con, and most recently at the Licensing Expo saw WB release a new Green Lantern Corps logo.
When the tax man comes knocking, you're probably not excited at the prospect of opening the door. But, with a few negotiation tactics in hand, you may be able to get yourself out of a sticky situation and put yourself back on firm footing with the IRS. Here are 8 negotiation tips that could prove helpful when the IRS confronts you about delinquent taxes.
8 Best Negotiation Tips for Delinquent IRS Taxes:
Negotiation Tip #1: Always, Always Tell the Truth
Above all else, you must remember to tell the truth about absolutely everything. As is the case in most situations, lies have a way of coming back to bite you. If you are caught in a lie, no matter how small, you will be considered a suspect. A lie will push an investigation in a whole new direction. If you have delinquent taxes, there are ways to resolve your problems through honest negotiation. Always, always tell the truth.
Negotiation Tip #2: Speak the Language
In addition to telling the truth, make sure you use IRS lingo. Using industry-specific language makes you appear more knowledgeable to IRS agents and garners respect. You will want to use verbiage like the following:
Penalties should be “abated,” not “removed.”
“Currently not collectible” is the industry phrase for not being able to pay tax bills as a result of suffering financial reversals.
The keyword “innocent spouse” signals you believe a spouse should be responsible for the tax matter at hand.
Spend some time researching IRS lingo and learn to speak their language.
Negotiation Tip #3: Keep Your Promises
Going along with the theme of truthfulness, it's important to only make promises you can keep. When negotiating with the IRS, don't ever make promises simply for the sake of appearing cooperative. If you can't afford to make a $400 payment per month, don't promise you will. It looks much better to admit you can only pay $300 than to promise a larger payment and consistently undercut what you said you would pay.
Negotiation Tip #4: Take Advantage of Payment Options
The IRS is not always the beast it's made out to be. In fact, it usually offers friendly installment agreements and compromise to those willing to accept the rules and stipulations. The IRS's “Fresh Start” program changed a couple of years ago to make it easier for taxpayers to qualify if they owe less than $50,000. By educating yourself on how these programs work, you can put yourself in a better position of power.
Negotiation Tip #5: Prove Responsibility
Another way to gain a stronger negotiation stance is to file tax returns before the IRS has a chance to do it themselves. If you ignore your tax returns, the IRS will eventually file them for you. The downside of this is that they often prepare these substitutes in the best interests of the government, not you. If you aren't able to afford your tax bill, it's important to file your most recent return so you have a chance to honestly state what you actually owe.
Negotiation Tip #6: Make an Offer They Can't Refuse
When negotiating with the IRS, nothing beats making an offer they can't refuse. It never hurts to make an offer. In fact, it shows you truly care about paying off your delinquent taxes and are making efforts to settle your debts.
Negotiation Tip #7: Make Your Payments
Once you develop a repayment plan, you must do everything possible to stick to your payments and not violate the prearranged terms. The IRS is doing you a favor by allowing you to repay your debts over time, but it does not take kindly to violations. The IRS can seize your property, take over bank accounts, and mortgage your home if you fail to make payments. IRS representatives don't like surprises and will respond appropriately.
Negotiation Tip #8: Get Help
To make negotiating with the IRS easier and more effective, you will want to seek professional help. Do your research and find an honest, dependable, and experienced professional capable of helping you negotiate your current situation. When looking for a professional, be sure to read reviews and find a reputable source, not someone that makes outrageous claims. Avoid the late night infomercials promising pennies on the dollar. Instead, go with a credible U. S. Treasury Enrolled Agent, Attorney, CPA, or financial professional with extensive experience negotiating with the IRS. If one of the aforementioned professionals is also a Certified Tax Resolution Specialist, choose this route above all others.
Putting it All Together
If you have delinquent taxes and don't know what to do or where to go, remember there is always hope. With proper negotiation skills and experienced help on your side, you can fight your way out of almost any IRS tax situation.
By Theodore Shoebat
The Russian government is telling the Obama administration to stop supporting Islamic “rebels” (who are really terrorists), because it will further destabilize the region. According to the report:
Kremlin denounced Monday the U.S. attempts to provide air cover for Syrian rebels, indicating it will ultimately destabilize the country's situation.
“We have repeatedly stressed that the assistance, especially financial or technical one, to the Syrian opposition would further destabilize the situation in the country,” Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said.
Once implemented, the plans would benefit the so-called Islamic State (IS) terrorists, weakening the counter potential of the Syrian capital Damascus, Peskov said.
“This is a fundamental disagreement between Moscow and Washington over Syria,” he added.
On Sunday, U.S. President Barack Obama reportedly authorized air defense to U.S.-backed Syrian rebels against attacks from terrorists or Syrian government forces.
The Minnesota Vikings appear set to roll into training camp with Jeff Locke as the only punter, but could that decision come back to haunt them?
For a team like the Vikings, field position is the name of the game. Leaning on a dominant defense and a punishing rushing attack, the Vikings play an old-school style of football. Rather than opening up the offense with deep passes and getting into shoot-outs, the team opts to move the ball methodically, control the clock, and trust the defense to make stops.
For that brand of football to work, it is crucial to pin the opponent deep in their territory and start with positive field position for the offense.
Unfortunately, due to the inconsistent leg of punter Jeff Locke, the Vikings couldn't do that with any regularity.
Locke had a truly awful year, consistently displaying poor touch and power on his kicks and apparently proving to be one of the worst— if not the worst— punters in the league. With his gross punting average of 41.6 ranking worst in the NFL and his net punting average of 37.8 ranking third-worst, it seemed abundantly clear that Locke wasn't getting the job done.
Yet despite Locke's terrible numbers, the coaching staff has remained surprisingly confident in the fourth-year punter. After showing only cursory interest in a few undrafted rookies, the Vikings appear ready to go into training camp with Jeff Locke as the only punter on the roster.
Unlike most fans and media experts, special teams coordinator Mike Priefer still sees potential in Locke (via ESPN):
“He's a very good punter. People want to look at the total numbers and the raw numbers from last year, but he punted in TCF for eight regular season games and a playoff game. And if you compare the numbers to the other guys on those certain days, he punted just as good as or better than the rest of them, and his indoor punts were phenomenal last year, the three games indoors. I feel very confident about Jeff going forward.”
On the surface, Priefer appears to have a point. Playing outdoors at TCF Bank Stadium is very difficult, with the cold and windy conditions interfering with punts and kicks. However, Priefer's claims about Jeff Locke's performance don't stand true when examined closer.
Even when looking only at the nine games at TCF bank stadium, Locke's gross average of 41 yards per punt was lower than the opponents' average of 41.6. Furthermore, Locke landed seven fewer punts inside the 20 yard-line than opponents and booted four more touchbacks. While Locke's punting compared slightly more favorably when looking only at TCF games, he was still outperformed by opponents, contrary to Priefer's claims.
Priefer's second point also rings as only a partial truth. While Locke's indoor punts were indeed far better, they weren't exactly phenomenal. Over three indoor games, Locke averaged 46 yards per punt, a mark that would have tied for 13th among punters. Although that mark is far better than Locke's total production, it still only barely puts him in the top half of the league and comes from a very small sample size.
While moving indoors will certainly help Jeff Locke, it's unlikely that it will make him anything more than an average punter.
Even after looking deeper into the statistics, the coaching staff's continued confidence in Locke doesn't really make sense. The only possible explanation is that the coaching staff believes that Locke's problems are largely mental, and that supporting him will help him overcome them.
After three years in the league, however, it certainly seems like Locke is who he is.
While moving indoors should lead to a spike in Locke's production, possibly even making him a league-average punter, it seems like the Vikings are making a mistake by not even bringing in competition.
CHICAGO (AP) The celebration hasn't stopped in Chicago, where throngs of Chicago Cubs fans are expected at a parade honoring the World Series champions.
Events get underway Friday morning at Wrigley Field. The parade will leave the historic ballpark at 10 a.m. The parade downtown starts an hour later and ends in Grant Park for a noon rally.
The city also plans to dye the Chicago River blue to honor the team, similar to how the river goes green annually for St. Patrick's Day.
Chicago estimated that 2 million people attended a parade and rally in 2015 after the Blackhawks won their third Stanley Cup in six years.
But the Cubs' Game 7 victory in Cleveland on Wednesday broke a 108-year drought, so fans have a lot of pent-up celebrating to do.
15User Rating: 1 out of 5
Review title of KayThxDie A two player Local Co-Op Nightmare.
My Friend and I were excited to play this game together! We got it all set up and then.... our screen was split 4 ways, even though it only had 2 players. So instead of seeing 50% of the screen we each had 25%. We checked all the settings and help files available and there is no option for 50/50 split screen. You are just stuck trying to see what is happening on your part of the screen, it is way to small, can't see the icons, it ruined the game for us right then. This needs an update for 50/50 split screen ASAP. However if you're not playing local co-op i'm sure it's a very enjoyable game.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Police have revealed for the first time the full extent of crimes involving Pokémon in response to bizarre freedom of information request.
In one incident, a man out hunting Pokémon in Surrey last July stumbled upon a 30-man punch-up.
The string of offences includes domestic fights in the west Midlands, exposure in west Yorkshire and a number of muggings.
The results came after freedom of information request by the Liberal Democrats. Former party leader Tim Farron said: “Hearing serious crimes are committed using Pokémon is worrying, especially as a dad with kids who love the game.”
“It clearly shows nothing is 100 per cent safe.”
The smartphone version of the popular Nintendo game that first became a craze in the Nineties sparked a global phenomenon when it was released in June last year.
The app was downloaded more than 10 million times in its first week, creating a milestone for Apple as the tech giant's most downloaded app.
Users can chase virtual Pokémon through the real world by superimposing them into real life through their mobile phone.
But despite the app being hailed for encouraging social interaction, the game has been at the centre of controversy after a spike in Pokémon Go-related crimes.
Data released to the BBC in July last year revealed 290 incidents involved Pokémon Go players, including robberies, thefts, assaults and driving offences.
Meanwhile, officers in north Wales discovered a man had invited children back to his home "as he had lots of Pokémon at his address", the BBC reported.
The Pokémon Go game also led to police issuing safety advice to gamers last year, which included being aware of surroundings and not to catch Pokémon while driving.
Of the incident last July, Surrey police said: "Someone who happened to be out Pokémon hunting when they saw an unrelated altercation. The incident did not involve people hunting Pikachu, Charizard, Squirtle, or any other fictional collectable pocket monster."
Sooke council is prohibiting ocean-based invasive salmon farming in the wake of the collapse of an aquaculture facility that saw thousands of Atlantic salmon escape in Washington State last month.
The Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife believes 165,000 fish got loose from the fish farm near Cypress Island, about 50 kilometres east of Sooke. Officials believe only 2,700 have been recaptured.
The pens held more than 300,000 salmon.
Fish farm critics worry the non-native breed could out-compete local wild Pacific salmon, or carry disease or sea lice into the wild population.
On Monday, Sooke Coun. Kevin Pearson convinced Sooke council to not endorse any applications for ocean-based invasive fish farming, like Atlantic salmon.
RELATED: Atlantic salmon caught in B.C. waters
“There needs to be an awareness that there's some risk to it,” said Pearson, an avid recreational fisherman.
But Pearson stopped short of a ban on land-based fish farms.
“I encourage land-based aquaculture where possible. There are a number of properties in Sooke that are in close proximity to the ocean that would be ideal,” he said.
Mayor Maja Tait said that if any business came in and wants to build an ocean-based invasive fish farm, they would be told they're not allowed, but it opens the dialogue for other possibilities.
B.C.'s aquaculture industry says there is no evidence that fish farms pose an environmental threat.
The federal government is responsible for fish farm licences and regulation.
The Department of Fisheries and Oceans says rigorous Canadian Pacific Aquaculture regulations have cut down on salmon escapes in the province, and that all farms must be engineered to withstand strong ocean tides and rough weather.
Sooke council hopes to get further support for its ban from other municipal governments, Premier John Horgan and MP Randall Garrison.
editor@sookenewsmirror.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
When you visit a country where life is so different than from where you come from and you're curious to find out more about the local ways but don't speak the language, it's probably a good idea to join a tour and let a local person guide you. I'm not a fan of guided tours in general, those that are too standardized, show people a “manufactured” reality or only a specific selection of what the local life is really all about and make you feel too comfortable, in the sense that things seem too relatable and not completely authentic.
Joining a biking tour around Battambang with Butterfly Day Tours, we experienced the opposite of the above. We got what I like to call “the real deal”. Our guide Sopheap took us just outside Battambang, one of the main cities in Cambodia, to understand how local people in the countryside make a living. This tour, named “Traditional Livelihoods” allowed us an insight into Cambodian's life that we wouldn't have gotten otherwise, as one wouldn't even know where to start!
The tour consists in almost 30Km of fun, around villages, settlements by the river, road-side markets in the suburbs and pedaling along dreamy green paddy fields. This video gives a pretty good idea of what you can expect to see:
The landscapes you bike along would have been enough to make this morning worth it, but all the people we got to meet on route and the conversions with Sopheap, made this tour one of the highlights of our visit to Cambodia.
There's around 10 stops on the countryside, to understand how people make a living, chat with them briefly about past and present life in Cambodia and, in some cases, try the products they manufacture. I was thankful for the fact that, in no case, we felt pressured to buy any of the products people were making, like it's unfortunately common in some other tours. I particularly enjoyed observing how a local lady made rice noodles from scratch, a family business that consists in making rice paper for spring rolls and how they make fish paste in a local open-air factory (amongst other local trades).
Like everywhere else in Cambodia, kids play a major role in making your day positive and flooded with good vibes. If you join this tour in Battambang, get ready to say HELLO to dozens of kids that will wave and smile at you as you bike past them.. at least that was the case with our group – so much laughter, such good fun!
Sopheap is an excellent guide. He's ready to explain everything that has to do with the tour but also talk about life in Cambodia in general. During the (much deserved) fruit break we did mid-morning, we got to learn more about Butterfly Tours and the fact that the company is run by university students. Not only they run the tours with such high spirits and enthusiasm, I'd also much rather go on a tour with a local guide and with a company operated by locals, rather than one run by foreigners – and considering this is a good company, that makes even more sense!
More info: www.butterflytour.asia
booking@butterflytour.asia
Tel: (+855) 89 29 70 70
Battambang, Cambodia
Half-day Traditional Livelihoods Tour costs between $11/$17, depending on size of your group (up to 6 people).
Includes: bikes, pick-up and drop-off by tuk tuk, fruits & drinks.
In the 10 months since the University of Chicago Police Department began publishing data on its daily contacts with community members, UCPD officers have stopped and questioned 166 people on foot. All but 11 of them were African-American.
For community members and activists, the data provide greater evidence for longstanding claims that the private university police department engages in racial profiling.
“I think it is definitive proof that there is some discrepancy in the way UCPD polices,” said Sofia Butnaru, a second-year student at U of C and co-coordinator of the Campaign for Equitable Policing, which has been calling for increased transparency and accountability from UCPD.
UCPD Chief Fountain Walker countered that the data show his officers are primarily responding to community calls for service.
“If you look at the number of interactions that we're having in our area of 65,000 residents and another 40,000 (university) affiliates, I think we're doing good work,” he said.
An agreement with the City of Chicago allows UCPD to patrol a 3.5-square-mile area that extends far beyond the boundaries of U of C's campus, from 65th Street to the south to 37th Street to the north, and from Cottage Grove Avenue to the West to Lake Shore Drive. Approximately 65,000 people live in this area, according to the latest Census data.
African-Americans make up approximately 59 percent of the population in UCPD's patrol area but 93 percent of UCPD's field interviews, as the investigatory stops are called when the person is on foot.
Black residents of the neighborhoods surrounding Hyde Park have long contended that UCPD engages in racial profiling.
Jawanza Malone, executive director of the Kenwood Oakland Community Organization, said he has been stopped or followed multiple times by UCPD over the years. Once, shortly after he moved to the area about 20 years ago, a UCPD officer pulled over his car as he and a co-worker were leaving a friend's house, he said. The officer said they matched the description of suspects in a break-in.
“We said, ‘What is the description?' and he said [the suspects] had on long coats,” Malone said. “How is an officer in a police vehicle going to tell that we had on long coats?”
Malone said he believes that the stop was racially motivated.
Brandy Parker, 20, who grew up near the university and lived in the neighborhood until last winter, said he had his first encounter with university police when he was 14. He and some friends were hanging out on the Midway Plaisance, the wide parkway that connects Washington Park and Jackson Park, near Ellis Avenue, when a UCPD officer came by.
“He said, ‘Y'all don't belong over here,'” Parker said.
By the time Parker moved from the neighborhood, he said, UCPD officers had stopped him so many times that they knew him by name.
Like Parker and Malone, four out of every five people stopped by university police in field interviews since June 2015 have been black men, according to the university's data.
UCPD's Chief Walker, himself a black man, acknowledged that accusations of racial profiling are part of UCPD's past, but said the department has turned over a new leaf in its relationship with the community. He said he hasn't heard any complaints from community members regarding field interviews since he took over the department in August 2015.
“What I see is that what we're doing is working,” he said. “Service is first and foremost.”
He said the data, which show that two-thirds of investigatory stops are initiated by community members, rather than UCPD officers, reflect his personal commitment to policing that responds to the community's needs.
The university has also released data on traffic stops, which Walker noted show a drastic reduction in the number of drivers pulled over by UCPD officers, which was a response to community feedback. In 2014, UCPD officers made more than 500 traffic stops per month; since last June, university police have stopped just 102 drivers total.
Nevertheless, more than 75 percent of the drivers stopped since June were African-American, and an additional 10 percent were Asian or Latino. About 64 percent of drivers in UCPD's patrol area are minorities, according to data released by the Illinois Department of Transportation.
Some data, but transparency still an issue
The data released by the university are an incomplete accounting of UCPD's activities. Crucially, they don't include interactions with U of C's 17,000 undergraduate and graduate students. Walker said incidents with students typically are referred to the dean's office. That option is not available for community members who fall under UCPD's jurisdiction.
“The distinguishing factor is we know who our students are,” he said.
But student activists said the fact that UCPD deals differently with students is problematic, because it leads to a two-tiered system of policing. A student and community member accused of the same infraction have two different outcomes: the former meets with the dean, the latter could land in jail.
“It's a known fact that, as students, they are definitely there to help us not get in trouble,” Butnaru said.
RELATED: More than half of Chicago area universities have armed police departments
As a private university police department, UCPD is not subject to state public records laws. That has been a major focus of student activists, who have been joined by public officials, including State Rep. Barbara Flynn-Currie (D-25th) and State Rep. Christian Mitchell (D-26th), in saying that UCPD and other private police departments like it should be accountable to the public.
Last April the university announced it would begin releasing the limited data on field interviews and traffic stops. Soon after, a bill that would have made UCPD subject to state open records laws died in an Illinois Senate committee after passing unanimously in the House.
Activists with the Campaign for Equitable Policing said that without legislation the university can continue to selectively withhold information.
When The Chicago Reporter tried to test the UCPD's commitment to transparency last August, the university declined to release the police department's policies and procedures, saying it is not a “best practice.”
“If the UCPD polices 65,000 people, why isn't [the department] subject to the Freedom of Information Act?” Butnaru asked.
A university spokeswoman said that U of C “has no comment on legislation that has been proposed on this issue.”
Walker said UCPD still has to work on building relationships with the community, which means continuing to work on transparency and overcoming past animosity. But he said he is optimistic.
“I think we still have some groundwork to do,” he said. “I think we're still dealing with those things that may have happened three or four years ago. But once we get beyond that, I think we'll be OK.”
Reader Adam Powell's picture of a fly-tipped divan bed in a car park on the National Cycle Network near Lambley Viaduct in Northumberland
The beauty spots of Northumberland might make some want to sleep under the stars - and others seek a lovers' lane.
But few would do it on this divan bed illegally dumped on a scenic bike path on the South Tyne.
Reader Adam Powell was cycling from Haltwhistle towards the old Lambley Viaduct when he found it abandoned in a tourist car park.
He said: “It was Sunday and the recycling centre was open in Haltwhistle, so no excuse there.
“I can only hope that any union on the discarded divan was not a bountiful one. We wouldn't want behaviour like this to be passed into the next generation.”
The scenic route follows a reclaimed railway which once ran from Haltwhistle to Alston - and crosses the South Tyne atop the 105-foot-high Lambley Viaduct.
It is part of the National Cycle Network created in the early noughties by charity Sustrans to encourage more people to cycle.
North East network manager Tom Bailey said: “It's hard to understand why someone would want to dump furniture along scenic stretches of the NCN, or any other paths or cycle ways for that matter, especially when local authorities have the facilities to take unwanted household items.
“It's crucial that routes like this remain attractive places if we're going to see growing numbers of people making greener, healthier travel choices.”
He said fly-tipping was unusual along the sections managed directly by the Sustrans, which tend to be in more rural areas, but might be more of a problem for urban routes.
The charity runs volunteer days to clean up the paths by cutting back vegetation, trimming hedges, and picking up litter and broken glass.
A spokesman for Northumberland County Council said: “The council take the issue of fly-tipping seriously and will investigate and prosecute anyone where evidence is gathered – offenders can face a fine of £50,000 and or six months imprisonment on conviction. This particular incident has been reported to the local services team who will go out and remove the mattress.”
He urged anyone who spots fly-tipping while out and about to report it by phoning 0845 600 6400 or using the online report form at tinyurl.com/NEflytip/.
Fly-tipping cost local authorities across the UK £36.4m last year, but only £83,500 in Northumberland.
Everyone knew that the foreclosure fraud crisis was going to spawn a festival of lawsuits, and now it looks like it is already beginning. The New York Federal Reserve Bank is part of a consortium of eight large institutional investment firms that has launched an effort to force Bank of America to repurchase $47 billion worth of mortgages packaged into bonds by its Countrywide Financial unit. It turns out that most mortgage bond contracts explicitly require the repurchase of loans when the quality of the loans falls short of promises made by the sellers. As most of us know by now, many of these mortgages that were packaged together into “AAA rated” securities were actually a bunch of junk. But this is just the beginning. There are going to be hordes of lawsuits stemming from this crisis and it is going to take years and years for this thing to work through the legal system. All of the big players in the U.S. mortgage industry are going to be paralyzed for an extended period of time by this crisis, and that means that buying a home and achieving the American Dream is going to become a lot harder for millions of Americans. Not only that, if mortgage lending institutions end up being forced to take back gigantic mountains of bad mortgages it could end up sinking a whole lot of them. The implications for the U.S. financial system would be staggering.
And it turns out that the effort by the consortium of eight large institutional investment firms to get Bank of America to take back $47 billion in mortgages is not the only action already being taken. An even larger mortgage repurchase initiative involving investors holding a total of more than $500 billion in mortgage debt is being coordinated by Dallas lawyer Talcott Franklin.
The sad reality is that all of this is going to create one of the biggest legal messes in U.S. history and lawyers from coast to coast are salivating.
For example, Peter Ticktin of the Ticktin Law Group in Deerfield Beach, Florida represents approximately 3,000 homeowners and he says that he plans to meet with a number of other prominent attorneys this week to discuss launching a nationwide class action lawsuit against the big mortgage lenders.
Mortgage companies are going to go broke just trying to defend against all the lawsuits that are coming. It is going to be a complete and total mess.
But beyond the problems with bad mortgages, there are now many legal authorities that are even questioning whether it was ever legal to package mortgages together, securitize them, and sell them at lightning speed around the globe.
A recent article in The New York Times is asking this question….
“Was the great securitization machine that made hundreds of billions of dollars in mortgage loans based on a legal foundation of sand?”
It turns out that there are some legitimate questions as to whether or not it was ever proper for the big mortgage lenders to set up and utilize MERS (Mortgage Electronic Registration Systems) to securitize and market mortgages.
The article in the New York Times went on to describe what a “worst case scenario” might look like if courts around the country start finding fundamental legal flaws with MERS….
The worst outcome would be a conclusion that errors by financial institutions had decoupled the payment promises made by borrowers from the mortgages they signed. In that case, the mortgages would be invalid. Homes could be sold without paying off lenders. There also could be heavy tax consequences for lenders, both in terms of federal income taxes and in payment of back fees for mortgage registrations to local governments across the country.
On top of everything else, the Feds are considering going after the major mortgage lenders. On Tuesday, the Obama administration warned lending institutions that it would go after them for any mortgage practices that violated federal law.
Needless to say, things are very tense at the big U.S. mortgage lenders right now, and many investors are wondering if they should start looking for the exit doors.
In fact, there are some analysts that are speculating that this could even set off another big financial crisis like we saw in 2008.
On Tuesday, U.S. stocks had their worst day in two months.
So will things get even worse for the stock market?
Let's certainly hope not, but we had all better buckle up our seat belts because there are some bumpy times ahead for the U.S. financial system.
An Islamic State leader linked to the 2015 attack on the French satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo was killed in a US airstrike in Syria, US military officials said on Friday.
Boubaker al-Hakim was killed in Raqqa on November 26, officials said. He is believed to have played a role in Islamic State attack planning. The officials weren't authorised to discuss the strike publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity.
Al-Hakim, a 33-year-old French Tunisian, was a mentor to the brothers who gunned down cartoonists at the French paper on January 7, 2015.
He was arrested in Syria and sent to France, where he was convicted in 2008 and sentenced to seven years in prison. He was considered at the time to be among the most radicalized of the network of young extremists from the Paris area, which included the brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi.
Proud Boys Sal Cipolla & Jovi Val Need Our Help – Theater Protest Legal Defense Fund
On Sunday, June 18, 2017, Sal Cipolla and Jovi Val, members of the patriotic Proud Boys fraternity, stormed the stage at Shakespeare in the Park's now-notorious performance of “Julius Caesar”, and during his peaceful practice of free expression he was tackled by security guards.
The left is constantly fighting for their right to free expression but whenever the right exercises theirs they are hit with penalties, fines, and arrest.
Assassins and Antifa attempt to take our lives and harm us, and we are forced to sit back quietly because the artistic institutions, the media, and our educational institutions are projecting calls for violence. We have had enough and our demonstrations and acts of civil disobedience should be taken as such and we should not be arrested for attempting to share the truth. Sal and Jovi now face a court date and the precedent that his arrest sets is an important and frightening one. All funds that are contributed to this bounty will be used for the legal defense of Proud Boy Sal Cipolla and financial assistance proceeding therefrom. Click here to help Sal & Jovi!
Want to learn about how laws are created in Hawai‘i and how you can be a part of the process to make your voice heard?
The Public Access Room (PAR) will host a series of free workshops on Hawai‘i Island from Sept. 11 to 14 to help citizens understand and participate in the legislative process.
The workshop series, designed for newcomers and experienced advocates alike, will offer tips and tools that residents can use to effectively communicate with lawmakers. Participants will learn about techniques for effective lobbying, testimony and communication, as well as the legislative process, deadlines and power dynamics at the state capitol. There will be handouts, guides and other resources provided to help attendees navigate the legislative system.
The “Your Voice” workshop presentation series will be held at the following times and locations:
Kailua-Kona
Monday, Sept. 11
6 to 7 p.m.
West Hawai‘i Civic Center – Community Hale
74-5044 Ane Keohokalole Highway
Monday, Sept. 11 6 to 7 p.m. West Hawai‘i Civic Center – Community Hale 74-5044 Ane Keohokalole Highway Waimea
Tuesday, Sept. 12
6 to 7 p.m.
Thelma Parker Memorial Library
67-1209 Mamalahoa Highway
Tuesday, Sept. 12 6 to 7 p.m. Thelma Parker Memorial Library 67-1209 Mamalahoa Highway Pāhoa
Thursday, Sept. 14
5:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Pahoa Community Center
Kauhale Street
Thursday, Sept. 14 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. Pahoa Community Center Kauhale Street Hilo
Wednesday, Sept. 13
5:30 to 6:30 p.m.
Hilo Public Library
300 Waianuenue Avenue
For more information, contact PAR at (808) 587-0478 or email par@capitol.hawaii.gov, or visit LRBhawaii.org/PAR.
PAR is a division of the Hawai‘i State Legislature's nonpartisan Legislative Reference Bureau.
Coronation Street - Text Santa 2015 (video)
Friday 18 December 2015 on ITV
Watch and embed this video on your website. Simply play and click on the embed icon upper right to copy the embed code.
Text Santa Christmas Jumper Day
ITV's annual charity appeal Text Santa is back. This year a host of stars is doing “their bit in a Christmas Knit' in support of Text Santa Christmas Jumper Day, a three-hour star-studded TV spectacular on ITV.
Our all-star cast of presenters Phillip Schofield, Holly Willoughby, Amanda Holden, Paddy McGuinness, Alesha Dixon, Stephen Mulhern, Christine Bleakley, Olly Murs & Caroline Flack will take you through this unmissable night of fundraising with one message - put on a Christmas Jumper, join in the fun and donate to Text Santa!
Coronation Street stars joined by special guest star Sir Richard Branson in time travel themed sketch which saw some of today's stars morph into iconic characters of old including Annie Walker, Elsie Tanner and Albert Tatlock.
The fourth edition of the 2017 College Football Playoff rankings was revealed Tuesday night on ESPN.
Following the 24-17 win over Navy, Notre Dame maintained its No. 8 spot in the College Football Playoff rankings.
The Fighting Irish have an opportunity to move closer to the final four, as they head to Palo Alto, Calif, to take on the No. 21-ranked Stanford Cardinal.
The top four teams in the final ranking, which is released on Dec. 3, will remain in contention for a National Championship.
College Football Playoff rankings (Nov. 21)
1) Alabama
2) Miami
3) Clemson
4) Oklahoma
5) Wisconsin
6) Auburn
7) Georgia
8) Notre Dame
9) Ohio State
10)Penn State
11) USC
12) TCU
13) Washington State
14) Mississippi State
15) UCF
16) Michigan State
17) Washington
18) LSU
19) Oklahoma State
20) Memphis
21) Stanford
22) Northwestern
23) Boise State
24) South Carolina
25) Virginia Tech
Many liberals tag the tea party movement as nativist, potentially racist, and out of step with progressive ideals. But some found themselves giving a nod of approval to tea-party-affiliated members of Congress who voted Tuesday to nix parts of the Patriot Act on grounds that they let the government intrude too much on individual privacy in the name of national security.
"House blocks renewal of Patriot Act. Some of these tea party guys aren't insane after all," tweeted Armon Dadgar, a resident of Kirkland, Wash.
Rep. Ron Paul of Texas and newcomer Rep. Raúl Labrador of Idaho were among eight in the Tea Party Caucus to vote against extending certain surveillance measures contained in the Patriot Act, joining with 18 other Republicans and most House Democrats to prevent their reauthorization – at least for now. Liberal Democratic lawmakers, in particular, have long derided parts of the Patriot Act as sacrificing civil liberties.
RELATED: Michele Bachmann, Rand Paul, and 8 others shaking up the new Congress
Some Washington Democrats painted the upset vote as a failure of the GOP leadership, which seemed unable to corral its members for what ought to have been a routine, slam-dunk vote. Strong national security, after all, has been a Republican mantra since before 9/11. Democrats chuckled, and House Speaker John Boehner (R) lamented, "We can't be perfect every day."
But the vote also shows that some tea-party Republicans are willing to buck GOP orthodoxy to stand up for principles – even if those principles happen to be shared by the likes of liberal Rep. Dennis Kucinich (D) of Ohio, says political scientist Charles Franklin at the University of Wisconsin, Madison. Mr. Kucinich called specifically on the Tea Party Caucus in the House to vote down the Patriot Act measures. As it was, 44 of 52 members of the Tea Party Caucus voted to extend the act's domestic spying provisions.
To tea partyers, "words like liberty mean Second Amendment rights, but also ... something like this [Patriot Act issue] – being opposed to too much government intrusion in a variety of areas in your life," says Mr. Franklin.
Democrats and tea party activists still stand far apart on issues ranging from raising the national debt ceiling, how much to cut government spending, and immigration policy. But their pairing up during Tuesday's vote to produce what some have called a "small uprising" points to the tea party movement's determination to install politicians who will put principle ahead of the party line, says Franklin. Though the Patriot Act provisions, which have President Obama's support, are likely to be renewed eventually, the initial "no" vote indicates that strange political bedfellows may indeed manage to shift policy in some unexpected ways.
"Oh, GOP, you want the Tea Party Republicans to just play ball and pass it? How little you understand them," wrote Allen Shull of Henderson, Tenn., on Twitter.
As House Republicans prepared a do-over vote, possibly as soon as Thursday, several tea-party-leaning Republicans, including Idaho's Representative Labrador, explained the basis of their "no" votes on the Patriot Act, saying it gives too much latitude to the FBI and other law enforcement agencies to investigate Americans without their knowledge.
“While I agree that law enforcement and national security agencies need the tools necessary to keep America safe from terrorism, when crafting policy we need to be sure we are not infringing upon the protections and freedoms guaranteed in the Constitution,” Labrador said in a prepared statement.
Whatever the reason of the nay vote, the stance of some tea-party-affiliated lawmakers perked up ears in the liberal corners of the blogosphere.
"With a political message that relies heavily on 'Don't Tread on Me!' rhetoric – opposing a tyrannical government, insisting on individual liberties, protesting overweening government authority – tea partiers should be surefire opponents of the Patriot Act," wrote Cynthia Tucker, one of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution's liberal columnists. "And, yesterday, a few members of Congress with Tea Party support stood up against its renewal. They allied with Democratic opponents of the Patriot Act to block it, at least temporarily. (How many times do you see civil rights icon John Lewis, D-Ga, and John-Birch-loving Paul Broun, R-Ga., in agreement?)"
RELATED: Michele Bachmann, Rand Paul, and 8 others shaking up the new Congress
A woman who was earning just $900 a month working in a hotel laundry while her then-husband concealed a fortune has been awarded nearly $1.3 million in spousal support.
Quesnel, B.C., businessman Dalbir Singh Sangha is "an admitted forger and perjurer" who fraudulently hid millions of dollars in assets from his ex-wife, Amarjit Kaur Sangha, according to B.C. Supreme Court Justice Warren Milman.
"The fact of the matter is that Ms. Sangha has been deprived of her remedy for many years by virtue of Mr. Sangha's deceit. In my view, she is entitled to receive compensation forthwith, regardless of the tax implications or other inconvenience for Mr. Sangha," Milman wrote in a judgment Tuesday.
The judge's decision awarded Amarjit more than 35 times the modest $35,585 she had asked for when she reopened divorce proceedings in 2012 after learning of her ex's deception.
An arranged marriage
Amarjit had little more than the clothes on her back and some pieces of gold jewelry when she came to Canada in 1996 after an arranged marriage with Dalbir, according to court documents. She was 32 years old and had a 10th-grade education.
Quesnel's Tower Inn is one of the properties owned by a Sangha family holding company. (Google Maps)
While the couple lived in Quesnel, Amarjit worked in the laundry of the Tower Inn, a hotel owned by a holding company incorporated by her husband and his brothers. She testified that she occasionally worked there for free.
The couple was only married about four years. The marriage ended when Amarjit left for India with their young son and fell out of contact with her husband for several months, according to court documents.
Forged documents
After Dalbir filed for divorce with the intention of gaining custody of the boy, he prepared fraudulent documents claiming that his shares in two family holding companies were actually being held in trust for his brother, according to the judgment.
The lie allowed him to negotiate a consent order in 2006 that would see him paying Amarjit just $12,000 in spousal support before ending his obligations to her.
Calgary's Edinburgh House is also owned by the Sanghas. (Google Maps)
Today, Dalbir has admitted in court that his interest in the two holding companies is worth about $9.9 million. The assets include the Town Inn and an apartment building in Quesnel, as well as a mixed-use building in Calgary.
Dalbir's deceit was only uncovered after one of his brothers sued the rest of the family in 2005, and the Sangha finances were laid bare in open court. Dalbir signed an affidavit in 2007 admitting the trust documents were fraudulent, "created for an improper purpose, namely to protect my shares in the two companies from possible claims by my wife."
The evidence uncovered there meant that Amarjit was allowed to reopen the divorce proceedings.
"The misconduct in this case involved more than just an attempt to conceal assets, which is bad enough. It was a conspiracy to commit fraud, including uttering several forged documents, supplemented by repeated lies under oath calculated to sustain the deceit," Milman wrote.
Father retains custody
Dalbir has had sole custody of his son since 1999, when he somehow managed to sneak the boy out of India using a temporary passport, according to the judgment.
Meanwhile, Amarjit returned to Quesnel that same year and went from living in a homeless shelter to earning between $10,000 and $35,000 a year as a cleaner. She now lives in Calgary, where her son attends school.
The judge's decision this week doesn't alter the custody arrangement, but Milman wrote that Dalbir's deceit might have prevented Amarjit from meeting her full potential as a mother.
"It is possible that those outcomes would have been different if Mr. Sangha had allowed for the distribution of Ms. Sangha's share of the family's wealth when she was entitled to it," Milman wrote.
The judge's compensation order granted Amarjit 17 per cent of the value of one holding company and 12 per cent of the other, along with $5,000 in penalties. On top of that, Dalbir will have to pay her special costs in an amount that is yet to be determined.
The order requires immediate payment of $150,000, another $500,000 within six months and the rest within a year.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Relationships of longer than a year were a factor in women's lack of interest in sex
Women are more than twice as likely as men to lack interest in sex when living with a partner, a study of British sexual attitudes suggests.
It found that while men and women lost passion with age, women were often left cold by longer relationships.
Overall, poor health and a lack of emotional closeness affected both men's and women's desire for sex.
The findings are based on the experiences of nearly 5,000 men and 6,700 women, published in BMJ Open.
The UK researchers said problems of sexual desire should be treated by looking at the whole person, rather than simply resorting to drugs.
Join the debate on our Facebook page.
'Pain and misery'
Relate sex therapist Ammanda Major said losing interest in sex wasn't necessarily abnormal, and there were many different reasons why men's and women's needs changed.
"For some, it is a natural and normal place to be, but for others it causes pain and misery," she said.
In total, 15% of men and 34% of women surveyed said they had lost interest in sex for three months or more in the previous year.
For men, this lack of interest was highest at the ages of 35-44 while for women it peaked between 55 and 64.
But the researchers, from the University of Southampton and University College London, said there was no evidence that the menopause was a factor for women.
However, they did find that having young children at home was a particular turn-off for women.
Poor physical and mental health, poor communication and a lack of emotional connection during sex were the main reasons why men and women lost interest.
Five tips to rekindling interest in sex
Start talking about the issue early on rather than leaving it to fester - ignoring it can lead to other problems and make you feel resentful. If that doesn't work, confront the reason why you don't want to talk about it
Explore other forms of intimacy such as holding hands, talking gently to each other, cuddling and stroking rather than full-on sex
Feeling as if you are not being heard is a barrier to sex - so make your partner feel respected and important
Get some additional support by going to see a sex therapist, relationship counsellor or your GP
Relax - many relationships work very well when they are non-sexual, if it's an outcome that is reached jointly
In the National Survey of Sexual Attitudes and Lifestyles in Britain, those who found it "always easy to talk about sex" with their partner were less likely to say they lacked interest.
However, those whose partner had had sexual difficulties, and those who were less happy in their relationship, were more likely to say they had lost interest in sex at some stage, the researchers said.
Among women, the study found that "not sharing the same level of sexual interest with a partner, and not sharing the same sexual likes and dislikes" were also a factor in loss of interest in sex.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Is it him or me?
Cynthia Graham, professor of sexual and reproductive health at the University of Southampton, said the findings increased understanding of what lay behind men and women's lack of interest in sex and how to treat it.
"This highlights the need to assess and - if necessary - treat sexual desire problems in a holistic and relationship-specific, as well as gender-specific way."
She added that this was a problem that could not be fixed by a pill alone.
"It is important to look beyond anti-depressants," Prof Graham said.
The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently approved the first-ever drug aimed at boosting female libido, called flibanserin.
Ammanda Major said: "Sex is a very personal thing, and talking about it can be embarrassing. But talking is often the best thing you can do to improve your sex life."
I got my package yesterday. I opened the package. The first bag contained a bracelet. A very beautiful deep ocean colored one. It is really pretty and it goes with a lot of my outfits :) The scarf was packed in a beautiful jute bag with a very pretty red ribbon. The jute pouch and the ribbon together made me feel so happy. As if i am getting some very fancy gift. It indeed was a fancy gift. Inside it was a beautiful silk scarf. The best part is the design on it. It is hand painted and has a really cool design. The scarf is very delicate. Another thing I noticed is the smell. it smells oh so wonderful. Smells of dried flowers and incense.
I want to thank my SS. But i don't know her/his name. SS your gift is amazing and i adore it. :) Thank you.
I've seen quite a few people saying they don't want Rey to be a Skywalker because that would be boring. I've also seen people complaining that JJ screwed Rian Johnson over by not revealing who Rey is in The Force Awakens because now there's no answer for who she could be that would satisfy everyone. I'd like to propose an analogy for why I think who she is isn't the point of the mystery they have created.
Imagine magician takes out a black top hat. He shows you that there is nothing in the hat and nothing up his sleeves. The audience knows they are at a magic show so they are expecting to see a magic trick.
This is The Force Awakens: it's the set up of Rey's situation and the mystery around her, but we know that in good stories there has to be a reason for the mystery so we are waiting for a reveal.
When a magician takes out a top hat many people in the audience expect him to pull a rabbit out of it.
A huge percentage of the audience for The Force Awakens walked out of the theater expecting Rey to be a Skywalker. Daisy Ridley has said that she thinks who Rey is is obvious just from watching The Force Awakens.
Now a magician could just as easily use a kitten or a chinchilla for his trick instead of a rabbit.
The writers for could decide to make Rey a Kenobi or a Palpatine or whatever.
But using a kitten or a chinchilla instead of a rabbit isn't what makes the trick interesting or not because the point of the trick isn't to surprise you with what animal is pulled out of the hat.
The point of the mystery around Rey isn't to set up for some shocking “I am your Father” twist or there wouldn't be all of the hints and teases in the first place. The weirdest answer possible could be the correct answer and someone would have guessed it by now. There's no way for the reveal of her lineage to be shocking purely because everyone is looking for a parental reveal.
The point of the trick is to make you wonder how the rabbit got in the hat.
The point of the mystery around Rey is to make you wonder how she ended up on Jakku.
Now a good magician isn't a good magician because he uses a chinchilla instead of a rabbit. A good magician is a good magician because he does something to the *hat to make how the rabbit got in there an even bigger mystery.*
Bloodline was the beginning of this as it nixed a simple obvious answer (that Kylo left Rey on Jakku after sparing her while massacring his fellow students) by showing that it doesn't fit the timeline. The Aftermath books also showed us that there is more to Jakku than meets the eye. The reveal of who Rey is will likely only serve to deepen the mystery of how and why she was left on Jakku leaving us with still unanswered questions going into IX. (Daisy has said there will be plenty of mystery still to speculate about after The Last Jedi.)
Now if the magician reaches into the hat pulls out a fist and opens it to reveal his hand is empty the audience will laugh at his joke and still be waiting for him to pull something out of the hat
This is why Rey can't be a anybody. If she's a nobody, there's no trick because nothing is where it isn't supposed to be. The audience won't buy it because they're still waiting for a reveal. Even if her parents are revealed to be completely new characters everyone will still be waiting for the reveal that she is someone of importance because more than half the theories require her parents to be new characters. The only people that will accept her being a nobody as the final answer are the people that want that to be the case.
If the magician puts the hat away after pulling out his empty hand and nothing else then the audience is confused and disappointed because they had been led to believe that they were going to see the magician pull something out of the hat.
If the trilogy ends with Rey still as a nobody everyone is going to complain about why they bothered to build up a mystery around who she is in the first place. The speculation also won't ever end because some of the people that still want a reveal will be trying to suggest that she is somehow distantly descended from someone important or a reincarnation or a new Chosen One etc. and Pablo will have to spend all his free time debunking progressively more outlandish theories.
“If it's supposed to be so obvious why didn't they just tell us who she is in The Force Awakens?”
Because they haven't done their magic trick yet. Revealing her identity too soon would be the equivalent of the rabbit getting loose and hopping around on the stage before the magician has the chance to do his trick. It would suck all of the anticipation and drama out of the magician's act.
So if you are worried about Rey's reveal being boring or unsatisfying let me ask you this: Do you think JJ Abrams, Rian Johnson, and the Lucasfilm story group are good “magicians”?
I do.
Conceived to fill the technological gap between Russian and U.S. fighters, the MiG-29 has been one of the last cutting edge fighters produced by the then Soviet Union.
The Fulcrum was sold in large numbers to former Warsaw Pact air forces to replace their ageing MiG-23 Floggers and twenty four of them were also delivered to East Germany. The East German Jagdgeschwader (JG) 3 took delivery of its first MiG-29 in 1988, and on Oct. 4, 1990, the Wing operated 24 Fulcrums, equipping two squadrons.
A follow-on batch was on order, but the aircraft were never delivered. After the end of the Cold War and following the re-unification of Germany, the Luftwaffe inherited some of these fighters making them as much “NATO-compatible” as possible.
Among the pilots that amassed experience at the controls of the Luftwaffe Fulcrums, there was the Oberstleutenant (the Luftwaffe rank equal to Lieutenant Colonel) Johann Koeck who, after flying the F-4 Phantom, became commander of the only Luftwaffe MiG-29 squadron.
Here is what Koeck recalls in Jon Lake's book “How to fly and fight in the MiG-29 (Jane's At the Controls)”:
“With the re-unification JG 3 became Evaluation Wing 29 on 1 April 1991. On 25 July 1991 the decision was taken to keep the aircraft and integrate them into the NATO air defense structure. JG73 was activated in June 1993, and the MiG-29s assumed a National (Day Only) QRA(l) commitment over the former East Germany. The MiG-29s moved to Laage in December 1993 and on 1 February 1994 the unit gained a NATO QRA(l) commitment.”
Being an experienced Fulcrum driver, Koeck can tell which were the weak and the strength points of the MiG-29.
The most obvious limitation of the MiG-29 was the aircraft's limited internal fuel capacity of 3,500 kg (4,400 kg with a centerline tank). The MiG-29 had no air-to-air refueling capability, and its external tank was both speed and maneuver limited.
If a mission started with 4400 kg of fuel, start-up, taxy and take off took 400 kg, 1,000 kg were required for diversion to an alternate airfield 50 nm away, and 500 kg for the engagement, including one minute in afterburner, leaving only 2,500 kg of fuel.
Koeck explains that “If we need 15 minutes on station at 420 kts that requires another 1000 kg, leaving 1500 kg for transit. At FL 200 (20,000 ft) that gives us a radius of 150 nm, and at FL 100 (10,000 ft) we have a radius of only 100 nm.”
The Fulcrum's limited range conditioned also how the aircraft could perform a specific mission: in fact the MiG-29s didn't possess the range to conduct HVAA (High Value Airborne Asset) attack missions, and they were effectively limited from crossing the FLOT (Front Line of Own Troops).
This limited station time and lack of air-to-air refueling capability ruled the MiG-29s out of meaningful air defense missions.
Another limitation of the aircraft was its radar that, as Koeck explained, was at least a generation behind the/APG-65, and was not line-repairable: if a MiG-29 experienced a radar problem, the aircraft went back into the hangar.
The radar had a poor display, giving poor situational awareness, and this was compounded by the cockpit ergonomics. The radar had reliability and lookdown/shootdown problems, hence its poor discrimination between targets flying in formation, and moreover it couldn't lock onto the target in trail, only onto the lead.
Due to these limitations the integration in the NATO environments of the Luftwaffe MiG-29s was really hard and restricted to only few roles: as adversary threat aircraft for air combat training, for point defense, and as wing (but not lead) in Mixed Fighter Force Operations.
Nevertheless the onboard systems were still too limited, especially the radar, the radar warning receiver, and the navigation system. These restrictions brought to several problems that the Fulcrum pilots faced in tactical scenarios, such as a poor presentation of the radar information (which led to poor situational awareness and identification problems), a short BVR weapons range and a bad navigation system.
But despite all these limitations, once the furball started, the Fulcrum was the perfect fighter to fly. In fact thanks to its superb aerodynamics and helmet mounted sight, the MiG-29 was an exceptional fighter for close-in combat, even compared to aircraft like the F-15, F-16 and F/A-18.
As Koeck recalls “Inside ten nautical miles I'm hard to defeat, and with the IRST, helmet sight and ‘Archer' (which is the NATO designation for the R-73 missile) I can't be beaten. Even against the latest Block 50 F-16s the MiG-29 is virtually invulnerable in the close-in scenario. On one occasion I remember the F-16s did score some kills eventually, but only after taking 18 ‘Archers' (Just as we might seldom have got close-in if they used their AMRAAMs BVR!) They couldn't believe it at the debrief, they got up and left the room!”
Moreover with a 28 deg/sec instantaneous turn rate (compared to the Block 50 F-16's 26 deg) the MiG-29 could out-turn them: in fact the Fulcrum retained an edge over its adversaries thanks to its unmatched agility which was reached combining an advanced aerodynamics with an old-fashioned mechanical control system.
After one of the German Fulcrums was sold for evaluations to the U.S. in 1991, the remaining 22 MiG-29s served until 2003, when they were sold to Polish Air Force for the symbolic sum of 1 Euro each.
Those Mig-29s were then upgraded and they currently provide Baltic Air Policing duties against the Russian threat in northern Europe.
Image credit: U.S. Air Force
Related articles
The mosquito equivalent of getting hit by a truck isn't actually so bad, according to engineers and biologists studying how the insects are able to fly in the rain.
Every time a mosquito goes for a jaunt in a downpour, it's like a human running across a motorway. Raindrops weigh about 50 times as much as a mosquito, and fall so fast that it's impossible for the insects to avoid them. When one hits, the creature is smacked downwards with a force up to 300 times that of gravity.
Advertisement
But unlike a human getting hit by a truck, the mosquito simply buzzes onward, according to a team at the Georgia Institute of Technology. They hooked up high-speed cameras to find out how the insect's body structure allows it to weather the weather.
The team, led by David Hu, constructed a "flight arena" comprising of a 20-centimentre-tall acrylic cage covered with a mesh top. Mosquitoes were imprisoned inside, and then jets of water were shot at them to simulate raindrops at terminal velocity. All six of the mosquitos subjected to this ordeal were able to recover from impacts without hitting the floor of the cage.
In most of the collisions, glancing blows sent the mosquitoes spinning away, but even when the insects were hit directly, they only fell about 20 body lengths. Hu proposes that this is due to the insect's low mass compared to the raindrops -- the raindrop imparts little force onto the mosquito because it loses so little speed and momentum. This theory was further tested using small styrofoam spheres, which merely deformed the raindrops that hit them, slowing them down very little.
The high G forces that the insects are subjected to -- up to 300 times gravity -- are the highest ever recorded acceleration that animals have survived, according to Christian Voigt of the Leibniz Institute for Zoo and Wildlife Research in Berlin.
Hu says that he hopes his team's work could have implications for the design of micro-airborne vehicles, used by the military for surveillance. Those approach the size of dragonflies, but Voigt says that flying robots the size of mosquitoes are still some way off.
By Park Si-soo
The Thai government is investigating claims that eight students from the Southeast Asian country were sexually harassed and exploited during internships in South Korea.
The Chiangrai College of Agriculture and Technology has also set up a fact-finding committee.
Thailand's English daily The Nation reported the allegations on June 16. The students -- five males and three females -- started their internships at an unidentified farm here "a few months ago," according to the report. It said the students, aged 16-22, filed a joint complaint with the Thai embassy in Seoul and the Thai government's complaints center early this month.
"They hugged us, kissed our cheeks and touched our thighs," a female student was quoted as saying, referring to male Korean staff at the farms where the students worked.
She reportedly said they were told it was a "traditional" way of greeting visitors. But they soon realized this was untrue.
A male student told the newspaper that he had been subjected to "hard labor" such as carrying heavy wood and metal.
"Really, I don't think they provided us with training to enrich our experiences," Suthin Anuchiworakan, the male student, told the paper. "It's like they want to use our labor."
The college has set up a fact-finding committee to investigate the scandal, while the Northern Institute of Vocational Education in Agriculture has also started an independent probe.
The students were the third group from the college to work on the farm. No problems were reported with the first two groups of interns, the daily reported, citing Watcharapon Singhakan, head of the school's plant science division.
This tops it all! Hillary Clinton sat down with liberal rag Mother Jones and actually had the balls to come out and question the legitimacy of President Trump's victory last November! Remember that this woman was strongly opposed to anyone questioning the results of an election before she lost to Trump. Now she's literally challenging Trump's win! This woman needs some help! This is embarrassing…Bill, come and get your wife!
HOW DARE SHE SAY THIS!
Two-time failed presidential candidate Hillary Clinton questioned the legitimacy of the 2016 election in a new interview with Mother Jones.
“I think that there are lots of questions about its legitimacy,” Clinton said. “And we don't have a method for contesting that in our system.”
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to 100PercentFedUp.com updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Trending: OSCARS 2019: A Hot Mess Of Leftist Politics and Activism On Display [Video]
VOTER SUPPRESSION? NOW THAT'S FUNNY!
Clinton listed Russian interference and voter suppression as reasons why she is questioning the legitimacy of President Donald Trump's victory and calling for an independent commission to investigate the matter.
WHAT HAPPENED…
“That's why I've long advocated for an independent commission to get to the bottom of what happened,” she said.
SHE WAS FOR IT BEFORE SHE WAS AGAINST IT
During the 2016 presidential debates, Clinton often derided then-candidate Trump for his comments about the election being rigged and possibly not accepting the results. In the first debate, Clinton said that she supported democracy and would accept the results of the election.
“I support our democracy. And sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. But I certainly will support the outcome of this election,” Clinton said.
Clinton even argued that Trump refusing to say he would accept the results of the election was a threat to American democracy.
READ MORE: WFB
I started having really bad lower back pain about two months ago. It started as a dull, aching pain, but then got progressively worse and worse.
There was one week where it hurt so bad that I couldn't even sleep at night.
Since then I've stopped working out and started doing some stretches I found online that would supposedly help.
The pain has gotten a little bit better, but as I'm writing this article it still hurts.
I've never had any back pain before, so last week I finally decided to go to the campus health center to make sure that it wasn't something more serious than a strained muscle.
I had x-rays taken and the doctor said everything looked fine. She recommended some physical therapy to get me back in shape.
Guess it was just a muscle problem after all. I was relieved. I called my parents to tell them the good news.
But then a few days later, I got this message from the doctor:
What…
I thought we had already done that…
I gave her a call back. She was busy, so the receptionist left a message.
You can imagine the thoughts that were running through my head.
An hour later I finally got a call back.
Doctor: “Hi Stefano, so in taking another look at your x-rays, I found that there is evidence of narrowing disc spaces in your spine.”
Me: “Oh. So, what does that mean?”
Doctor: “Well, that's not really my specialty. You'll need to see an orthopedist.”
Me: “What's the treatment for something like this?”
Doctor: “You'll have to see an orthopedist. In the meantime, you should stay away from lifting weights.”
What the fuck.
Narrowing of disc spaces? That did not sound good.
I started doing some research online. I found out that this is a degenerative disease known as spinal stenosis, a fairly common disease… in people over the age of 50.
I'm 21…
My thoughts started spiraling out of control.
Why was this happening to me?
What did I do to cause this?
Was I born with this?
Am I going to need surgery?
Will I ever be able to play sports again?
Why ME?
The rest of the day I couldn't stop thinking about how terrible this was. I kept imaging different all the different ways it was going to ruin my life.
I was freaking out.
Until I remembered…
I'm Not Going To Die From This
As bad as this situation seemed, I realized that I was making it worse than it actually was. I was creating these crazy stories in my head that weren't even real.
I'm currently reading a book called The Obstacle Is the Way by Ryan Holiday, and in it Ryan talks about how the only way to survive and overcome obstacles is by keeping our emotions in check—by keeping our nerves steady no matter how much the external events may fluctuate.
Ryan says, “If an emotion can't change the condition or the situation we're dealing with, it is likely an unhelpful emotion. Or, quite possibly, a destructive one.”
He gives an example of how a deer's brain tells it to run when it senses a threat. Without giving it's instinctive impulse a second thought, the deer runs. Sometimes right into traffic.
But as humans, we can question that impulse. We don't have to act purely out of instinct. We can examine the threat before we act.
Unlike animals, we have the ability to think rationally and to act logically, instead of impulsively. We are able to focus our energy exclusively on solving problems, rather than reacting to them.
Evolution has left our brains wired to respond to danger, but in most of our day-to-day struggles, we are not in life-or-death situations. Whatever problem you're currently dealing with, you're probably not going to die from it.
Whenever you catch yourself starting to freak out over something, whenever you feel that anxiety begin to creep up on you, stop. Ask yourself, “Am I going to die from this?”
It might help to repeat it over and over: I am not going to die from this. I am not going to die from this. I am not going to die from this.
Once we are able to control our emotions, then we are able to see what's actually there in front of us, not what we think is there or what should be there.
The Difference Between Observing and Perceiving
Ryan explains how in every situation, there is the event itself and the story we tell ourselves about what it means.
The observing eye sees simply what is there, without distractions, exaggerations, or misperceptions. The perceiving eye sees more than what is there—it sees “insurmountable obstacles” or “major setbacks” or even just “issues.”
The phrase “this happened and it is bad” is a combination of an observation and a perception. The observation—“this happened”—is objective. The perception—“it is bad”—is subjective.
Just because your mind tells you that something is terrible or catastrophic or unwanted doesn't mean you have to agree.
Ryan poses two great questions:
1. “In our own lives, how many problems seem to come from applying judgments to thing we don't control, as though there were a way they were supposed to be?”
2. “Is our perspective truly giving us perspective or is it what's actually causing the problem?”
It's so much better to see things as they truly, actually are (with the observing eye), not as we've made them in our minds (with the perceiving eye).
Objectivity Means Removing “You”
Just think about how easy it is to give others advice. The solutions to their problems are crystal clear to us. But when we're dealing with our own problems, we have no idea what to do. We're lost, confused, blind.
The reason we're able to give others advice so easily is because we are able to observe their situation as an objective third party. We save the pity and complaints and excuses for our own life.
But there's an easy way to get rid of the baggage.
Whenever you're facing an obstacle, remove “you”—the subjective part—from the equation. Take your situation and pretend it is happening to someone else. What advice would you give them? Suddenly you will know exactly what to do.
Sometimes all it takes is a small change in perspective to change how we see obstacles.
We make our obstacles as big as we want them to be.
In isolation, obstacles may seem unfair and unbearable. But when you remove yourself and look at the bigger picture, you see that everyone faces obstacles and that others have faced much more intimidating ones than your own.
At the end of the day, we cannot change the obstacles themselves—this is out of our control. As the saying goes, “shit happens.”
What we can do, and all that really matters, is how we see them and how we react to them.
Give Yourself Clarity, Not Sympathy
Nobody wants to hear that there's something wrong with their spine.
Most would consider this very “bad” news.
But right now everything is still up in the air. At this point, I have no idea how serious my condition actually is. There's no reason to feel sorry for myself, because it doesn't change the situation, and as long as I keep my mind from being consumed by theoreticals, it hasn't affected my life in any way.
Until I get an MRI and the orthopedist tells me exactly what's going on, nothing has really happened yet. There's no use in freaking out over nothing.
Hopefully I'll just need a few weeks of physical therapy and that'll be the end of it.
But if it is something more serious, maybe that's exactly what I need – maybe this will be an opportunity for me to practice what I'm preaching, to prove to myself that obstacles really are only as big as you make them.
But again, right now, the reality of the situation is that I just don't know.
As an observer of what's going on, all I know is that I have an orthopedic appointment in a few hours. There's no inherent meaning attached to this.
Either way, no matter what I find out at this appointment, I know I'm not going to die from this.
Remember, we decide what story to tell ourselves.
Image Source: flickr – kmillard92
Introducing... VAULT PACKAGE #34 THE WHITE STRIPES LIVE IN DETROIT 1999-2000-2001
In continued celebration of The White Stripes 20th anniversary, Third Man Records is proud to announce Vault Package #34 The White Stripes Live in Detroit: 1999-2000-2001. Sign-up deadline: October 31st.
July 30th, 1999 found The White Stripes headlining the Magic Bag in fashionable Ferndale, a northern suburb of Detroit. Chosen as a venue mainly to placate the fans who wouldn't venture to see The White Stripes in rough-and-tumble Detroit, the show would be their first performance after the release of their self-titled debut album. The cushy environs of the Magic Bag provided Jack with an in-house piano, making this the first time that he and Meg would ever incorporate the instrument live. Highlights include their first-ever stab at Bob Dylan's “Love Sick,” an endearingly unique solo piano rendition of “You've Got Her in Your Pocket,” and a simplistic, embryonic rendition of “Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground,” all of which provide for a tense performance, filled with equal parts rage and tenderness of which only The White Stripes were capable.
August 18th, 2000 had The White Stripes performing at Detroit's venerable Magic Stick. Supported by near-and-dear friends (who'd later become bandmates and collaborators), the Greenhornes and Whirlwind Heat, the recording provides a window into the Stripes' mindset that Summer — just after their West Coast De Stijl headlining tour in June and still yet to experience the insanity of their opening slots for Sleater-Kinney in September. The only known live performance of Captain Beefheart's “Ashtray Heart” (which they'd just recently laid to tape for eventual release in the Sub Pop Singles Club), a rare live outing for the deep cut “I'm Bound to Pack It Up,” and an electrifying set-ending “Let's Shake Hands” leave the listener with the palpable sense that something amazing is about to happen for this band.
June 7th, 2001 marked The White Stripes final performance at the Gold Dollar in Detroit. As the first of three hometown headlining shows to support the release of White Blood Cells, the feeling in the air that night was one of excitement and anticipation. In what was arguably the most packed show in Gold Dollar history, Jack and Meg delivered beyond expectations and played their new, soon-to-be critically acclaimed record from front to back. Despite an attempt at tackling Get Behind Me Satan in Chicago in 2005, this would be the ONLY time The White Stripes would perform any of their albums in their entirety. In full command of their powers, The White Stripes proved to be both ascendant and transcendent on this night. This show was the triumphant culmination of the previous five years of gigging in Detroit.
Each LP in this set is pressed on 180-gram vinyl by Third Man Pressing in Detroit and housed in a custom die-cut sleeve that stylistically deconstructs the Stripes' album released the year that corresponds to the live performance. Additionally, high quality reproduction prints of the Jack White-designed posters for each of these shows will be included. Originally limited to no more than two dozen copies printed (Kinko's color copies were a buck a pop back then!), posted up at local Detroit record shops and watering holes and summarily torn down and thrown away, original copies of these highly-sought-after pieces have been known to command hundreds of dollars on the secondary market. The copies included here are gorgeous, instantly frame-worthy and much lighter on the pocketbook than the costly originals.
All of these components are lovingly housed in a sturdy slipcase utilizing the rub-on style lettering employed by Jack on a majority of his early flyer designs. SIGN UP NOW... HERE!
Live at the Magic Bag 7-30-1999
Jimmy the Exploder
Wasting My Time
Astro
Cannon / John the Revelator (traditional)
The Big Three Killed My Baby
I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself (Bacharach/David)
Love Sick (Bob Dylan) (piano)
Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground (piano)
St. James Infirmary (traditional) (piano)
Suzy Lee
Stop Breaking Down (Robert Johnson)
Lafayette Blues
The Same Boy You've Always Known
You've Got Her In Your Pocket (piano)
Broken Bricks
Live at the Magic Stick 8-18-2000
You're Pretty Good Looking (for a Girl)
When I Hear My Name
Jolene (Dolly Parton)
Cannon/John the Revelator (traditional)
Apple Blossom
Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground
Death Letter (Son House)
Little Bird
Jimmy the Exploder
I'm Bound to Pack It Up
Broken Bricks
Hello Operator
Astro / Jack the Ripper (Screaming Lord Sutch)
Ashtray Heart (Captain Beefheart)
Do
Let's Shake Hands
Live at the Gold Dollar 6-7-2001
Dead Leaves and the Dirty Ground
Hotel Yorba
I'm Finding It Harder to Be a Gentleman
Fell in Love With a Girl
Expecting
Little Room
The Union Forever
The Same Boy You've Always Known
We're Going to Be Friends
Offend in Every Way
I Think I Smell a Rat
Aluminum
I Can't Wait
Now Mary
I Can Learn
This Protector
Respected worldwide for its architectural legacy, Chicago made a move to take on the mantle of modern design earlier this year with the announcement of a new architectural biennial next October, the first of its kind in North America and a stark contrast to a similar international gathering in Venice. Yesterday, organizers released more details about the city's moment in the spotlight. Dubbed the Chicago Architecture Biennial, the theme of the 2015 edition will be "The State of the Art of Architecture," named after Stanley Tigerman's 1977 conference, and will feature an array of exhibitions and newly commissioned works, including a photo exhibition by lensman Iwan Baan exploring Chicago.
Based at the Cultural Center but encompassing other city neighborhoods, the event will feature:
·A specially commissioned photo essay exploring Chicago, taken by acclaimed Dutch photographer Iwan Baan, who received no formal training but regularly shoots new buildings for Zaha Hadid and Rem Koolhaas
·New projects from Theaster Gates, including the ongoing transformation of a bank at 6760 S. Stony Island Avenue into a cultural center
·Various installations in Millennium Park and around the city
The event, which will release a more extensive lineup this spring, is being planned by a group of heavy-hitters, including co-directors Sarah Herda, Director of the Graham Foundation, and Joseph Grima, former curator of Storefront for Art and Architecture, and director of the Ideas City platform of the New Museum, as well as an international advisory panel including David Adjaye, Elizabeth Diller, Jeanne Gang, Frank Gehry, Stanley Tigerman, Sylvia Lavin, Hans Ulrich Obrist, and Pritzker Prize Jury Chair Peter Palumbo.
— Patrick Sisson
·Chicago Architecture Biennial [Official Website]
·Previous Adventures in Architecture posts [Curbed Chicago]
The San Francisco 49ers have the seventh pick of the 2016 NFL Draft, which opens the door to plenty of talented options. Naturally, the team is doing its due diligence on some of the best prospects, including Joey Bosa. The Ohio State defensive end met with the 49ers for a private meeting following his workout at the school's Pro Day, according to Pro Football Talk's Zac Jackson.
It seems unlikely that Bosa slips to No. 7, but with a fairly fluid top of the draft, nothing would surprise me. Bosa weighed in at the Combine at 6'5, 269 pounds. He played defensive end in college, and is viewed as either a 4-3 defensive end or a 3-4 outside linebacker. He would seemingly play the latter with the 49ers, but I suppose he could also decide to change his body type and become a 3-4 end. I don't hear anything suggesting that to be the case, but I figure it's worth considering all options.
Last month, former NFL defensive lineman Stephen White put together his scouting report on Bosa for SB Nation. He thinks Bosa can be a very capable NFL player, but he also sees a guy who might not be a lot better than what we see. For most draft picks, that is fine, but for a top ten pick, people are looking for game-changing talent. It is entirely possible Bosa turns out to be that kind of game-changing talent. It is also possible he is a solid player who you can slot in for the foreseeable future. That's not the worst thing in the world, but obviously people will be looking for more.
If Bosa was there at No. 7, should the 49ers take him?
Endurance swimming tests your fitness and dedication. You need to keep your technique and effort up for long periods, along with your mental focus. Training for specific endurance swims, whether it be a long-distance triathlon or 10K open water event, requires you do workouts that build your fitness and technique in the water.
Necessities for Endurance
You rely on cardiovascular fitness and efficient lung function during long-distance or endurance swims. In response to increased demands, your heart beats faster and your blood circulation and pressure increases. Your lungs transfer inhaled oxygen to depleted blood returning via your venous system for redistribution to muscles and organs. During long swims, you rely on glycogen stores in your bloodstream and liver, as well as fat stored in adipose tissue in your body.
Your swimming muscles, namely your shoulders, back, core, and legs must also be developed and strong to work for swims that take an hour or more.
Workout Specifics
Targeted endurance swim workouts usually occur in a pool. Try to find pool that's 50 meters long, if possible, to minimize turning.
In endurance pool swimming, focus on efficient breathing and your distance per stroke. The longer you travel in the water, with each stroke you make, the less energy you use moving through it.
5,000-meter Pool Workout
Start with a warm-up that is moderate in pace to get your muscles ready and your heart and lungs working. Doing a kick set mixed into a freestyle warm-up also helps prepare your legs for a long swim. Try the following 1,000-meter warmup: 800 meters freestyle followed by 200 meters fast kicking.
Continue the workout with a main set consisting of a long “ladder:"
Do a set each of 100, 200, 300, 400 and 500 meters; rest approximate 30 seconds between sets.
Descend the ladder, doing 500, 400, 300, 200 and 100 meters.
Perform another 1,000 meters, alternating strokes on each 100 meters. Substitute free style or back stroke for the butterfly if you cannot swim that stroke.
3,000-meter Pool Workout
This workout keeps you occupied with multiple shorter sets. It's also set up as a ladder.
Warm up with 300 freestyle, 300 pull and 200 kick. Then do the following sets:
8x50 with 10 seconds rest between sets
5x100 with 15 seconds rest between sets
3x200 with 30 seconds rest between sets
1x400
Warm down with 300 meters of easy swimming; vary your stroke to avoid overusing your shoulder muscles.
Considerations
Open-water endurance swims require you to be ready for cold-water temperatures, choppy conditions and changing weather. You need adequate food to fuel your effort, preferably supplied by support teams on boats that accompany you on your swim depending on the length you're going.
When you are in open water, keep sighting your course by lifting your head out of the water when you take a breath to avoid veering off from the swim group or a race course. Alert fellow swimmers or support crew if you feel light-headed, develop a headache or feel exhausted.
Manchester United will sell their new shirts in a whopping XXXXL size after complaints from fans that the existing jerseys were not big enough.
From August, Reds supporters will be able to get their hands on the 2015-16 kit, the first to come from the club's world record £750m kit deal with adidas.
And for those of a slightly larger persuasion, size will not matter after the club agreed to trial the supersize shirts.
Manchester United's Superstore will from next season sell replica shirts in a whopping XXXXL size
Some United fans had complained that the existing shirts sold by the club were not big enough
Manchester United fans of a larger persuasion will now be able to emulate their heroes in replica shirts
Officials at Old Trafford were originally contacted by frustrated fans some time ago and approached then manufacturer Nike to see if anything could be done.
The US sportswear firm, however, believed that there would not be enough demand for the giant jerseys and decided against providing them.
However, United revisited the idea with adidas, who won the war to become the club's latest manufacturer, and the German firm took a different approach.
As a result a number of XXXXL jerseys have been ordered and will be available at the Old Trafford megastore in either August or September.
United will then monitor sales and should demand prove sufficient, the shirts will become a permanent fixture.
Officials have also vowed to undertake a fan survey which will include questions on jersey sizes - and even bigger tops may be on the way.
The Megastore at Old Trafford, from next season, will sell a number of XXXXL jerseys on trial
If demand for United's new XXXXL shirts is sufficient, they will become a regular fixture in the Megastore
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley, also boss of Sports Direct, already offers Toon supporters XXXXL in his stores
Most Premier League shirts, including Chelsea, Manchester City, Liverpool and Arsenal are available up to XXXL.
However, Newcastle and Spurs have beaten United to the paunchy punch.
The White Hart Lane club are also offering their new jerseys for 2015-16 in XXXXXL, with the St James's Park outfit matching United's XXXXL, although given the business savvy of Toon owner and sportswear tycoon Mike Ashley that does not come as a surprise.
[1] Nanjing Road is one of the world's busiest shopping streets.
Map
Nanjing Road (Chinese: 南京路; pinyin: Nánjīng Lù; Shanghainese: Nuecin Lu) is the main shopping street of Shanghai, China, and is one of the world's busiest shopping streets.[1] The street is named after the city of Nanjing, capital of Jiangsu neighbouring Shanghai. Today's Nanjing Road comprises two sections, Nanjing Road East[2] and Nanjing Road West. In some contexts, "Nanjing Road" refers only to what was pre-1945 Nanjing Road, today's Nanjing Road East, which is largely pedestrianised. Before the adoption of the pinyin romanisation in the 1950s, its name was rendered as Nanking Road in English.
Location [ edit ]
Nanjing Road is located in the city center, running in a west–east direction. Its eastern section (南京东路) is in Huangpu District and extends from The Bund west to People's Square. The western section (南京西路) begins at People's Square and continues westward towards Jing'an District.
History [ edit ]
Nanjing Road at night
The History of Nanjing Road can be traced back to the year 1845.[3] At that time it was called "Park Lane", which stretched from the Bund to He'nan Road. In 1854, it was extended to Zhejiang Road, and eight years later, once more extended to Xizang Road. In 1862, it was named formally "Nanking Road"[3] by the Municipal Council, which administered the International Settlement. In Chinese it was usually referred to as the Main Road (大马路). Around 1930 it was a bustling street with at least one reported casino (probably at nr. 181).[citation needed] In 1943 the International Settlement was annulled, and after World War 2 the government changed its name from Nanking Road to "East Nanjing Road", meanwhile they also renamed the former Bubbling Well Road "West Nanjing Road", and the general name of the two roads became "Nanjing Road", comprising five kilometres total length.
At the beginning of the 20th century, eight big department stores were established along the street. A series of franchised stores were also set up at that time.
On 23 August 1937 a bomb was dropped on Nanjing Road by a Chinese plane in an attempt to lighten its load while being pursued by Japanese planes. The bomb hit two department stores, killing 612 people and injuring another 482.[3]
In 2000, as a part of the development plan held by the local government, Nanjing Road was renovated to be a characteristic pedestrian street. The width is about 28 meters and the total length is 1,200 meters, which extends from Middle He'nan Road to Middle Xizang Road.
In 2007, the Jing'an and Huangpu governments agreed to coordinate their policy to enhance the development of Nanjing Road, through a unique launching of a committee. This agreement followed a request by the committee of Champs-Elysees in the perspective of a friendship agreement between both famous streets.
Description [ edit ]
Nanjing Road is the world's longest shopping district, around 5.5 km long, and attracts over 1 million visitors daily.[citation needed]
Nanjing Road East [ edit ]
East Nanjing Road is a dedicated commercial zone. At its eastern end is the central section of the Bund, featuring the Peace Hotel. Immediately west of the Bund precinct was traditionally the hub of European-style restaurants and cafes, although in recent years these have become less of a feature as the demographics of visitors to Nanjing Road have shifted from affluent local residents to visitors from around the country. Close by is the Central Market, a century-old outdoor market today specialising in electronic components and digital media. Further west is the Nanjing Road pedestrian mall. Located here are most of Shanghai's oldest and largest department stores, as well as a variety of domestic retail outlets, and some traditional eateries with a long history.
Nanjing Road West [ edit ]
The pedestrian mall, and East Nanjing Road, ends at People's Park, formerly the Shanghai Race Course. Opposite the park are some of Shanghai's prestigious historic hotels, including Park Hotel. West Nanjing Road begins here, and features a number of upmarket malls including Plaza 66 and HKRI Taikoo Hui, office buildings, the Shanghai Exhibition Centre, and shops. This area also previously featured a number of large mansions and estates, most of which are today either demolished or used by the government.
West Nanjing Road, near Jing'an Temple, has witnessed constant development over the past ten years. This area is now host to several five-star hotels, upscale shopping centers, restaurants and prime office buildings. Recently, the area has benefited from the construction of Subway Line 7, connecting with Line 2 at Jing'an Temple station. Many luxury goods, fashion and sport brand boutiques are located on West Nanjing Road, including Gucci, Cartier, Louis Vuitton, Prada, Tiffany & Co., Fendi, Bvlgari, Hermès, Salvatore Ferragamo, Céline, Dior, Miu Miu, Versace, Bottega Veneta, Armani, Chanel, Emporio Armani, Rolex, Moschino, Swarovski, Dolce & Gabbana, Kenzo, Sephora, Ermenegildo Zegna, Trussardi, Coach, Inc., Valentino, Balenciaga, Burberry, Lanvin, Loewe, UGG, Harry Winston, Tommy Hilfiger, Omega, Ralph Lauren, Nike, Escada, Diesel, Lacoste, Abercrombie & Fitch, Montblanc, Brooks Brothers, Sephora, Furla, Max Mara, Zara, H&M, Gap, Forever 21, Levi's, Uniqlo, Marks & Spencer, Roberto Cavalli, Jimmy Choo, Fred Perry, Timberland, Marc Jacobs, Guess, Calvin Klein, Chloé, Stella McCartney, Hogan, Alexander McQueen, Michael Kors, Godiva, Tom Ford, Vera Wang, Muji, Alexander Wang, Sergio Rossi, Hugo Boss, Adidas, Vans, Innisfree, Old Navy, Tod's, Blancpain, Longchamp, Zara Home, Givenchy, Geox, Intimissimi, tokidoki, Puma, Guerlain, Van Cleef & Arpels, Chaumet, Lego Store, Piaget, Saint laurent, Bally, Lancome, American Eagle Outfitters and Hard Rock Cafe etc.
In December, Starbucks opened a 30,000 square feet (2,800 m2) Reserve Roastery at HKRI Taikoo Hui on Nanjing Road West, the largest Starbucks branch in the world. It features its own roasting facility and Shanghai specific offerings including nitro draft lattes and alcoholic drinks.[4][5][6]
Transportation [ edit ]
A tram passes through one of the busiest sections of Nanjing Road (between the Sincere and Wing On Companies) in the 1920s.
Shanghai Metro Line 2 runs along Nanjing Road, including the following stations and other stations:
Nanjing Road (E.) (E. Nanjing Rd / M. Henan Rd.) (formerly Henan Zhong Road) , At the east end to the pedestrianised part of East Nanjing Road and The Bund
, At the east end to the pedestrianised part of East Nanjing Road and The Bund People's Square (Nanjing Rd. / M. Tibet Rd.), the metro station on People's Square in the middle of Nanjing Road. Across the M. Tibet Road from this station is the west end of the pedestrianized part of the road. The Nanjing Rd / M. Tibet Road. crossing is the split point of E. and W. Nanjing Rd.
Nanjing Road (W.) (W. Nanjing Rd. / Shimen Rd.) (formerly Shimen No. 1 Road) .
. Jing'an Temple (W. Nanjing Rd. / Jiaozhou Rd.), in the farther western section of Nanjing Road.
Shanghai Metro Line 1 and 8 include the following station:
People's Square (Nanjing Rd. / M. Tibet Rd.), the metro station on People's Square in the middle of Nanjing Road. Across the M. Tibet Road from this station is the west end of the pedestrianized part of the road. The Nanjing Rd / M. Tibet Road. crossing is the split point of E. and W. Nanjing Rd.
Shanghai Metro Line 10 includes the following station:
Nanjing Road (E.) (E. Nanjing Rd / M. Henan Rd.) (formerly Henan Zhong Road), At the east end to the pedestrianised part of East Nanjing Road and The Bund
Events [ edit ]
Tourists and guests often celebrate various holidays at Nanjing Road, such as the Chinese New Year, New Year's Eve, Christmas and Easter. Some parts of the buildings and shopping malls seen in front of Nanjing Road may host a fireworks display over the street.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
In the first meeting between the Charlotte Independence and Bethlehem Steel FC back in July, the Jacks controlled almost every aspect of the game. Bethlehem's defense was forced to backpedal early and often; we continually pressured their backline and were seemingly breaking down the defense at will. The game ended in a 4–0 victory for Charlotte in Pennsylvania in a game that saw 33 total fouls, seven yellow cards, and one red card for Steel FC's Aaron Jones. Things haven't changed too much between these two teams as that previous matchup was just 19 days ago.
There's No Place Like The ‘Plex
There is no doubt that seeing the Independence's #beatless streak come to an end at twelve games was sad. It has been remarkable to see the team climb the table. But there is still hope to be had: they are still #beatless at the gorgeous Sportsplex at Matthews. In four games, they have won three of their matches and drawn once. This game is the USL game of the week as well, which will bring ESPN to Matthews to cover the midweek matchup.
#OneClub
Charlotte's run of form in their twelve game #beatless streak was spurred on by consistency in their starting 11. But the Colorado Rapids, our MLS affiliate, have loaned us a familiar face which may change that consistency.
Tonight, we will see the return of full back Dennis Castillo. This will likely shuffle our starting 11 once more. Let me just say first that depth is fantastic, especially when you can add a player that has MLS experience. However, I hate that Castillo will presumably be replacing budding star Austin Yearwood.
Still, I'm not 100% salty with this move considering that Dennis Castillo is a solid player and did score our two goal against the Rowdies when we faced them earlier in the season.
Yellow Cards Suspension
Don't worry Charlotte fans, Enzo Martinez didn't receive a yellow card against Ottawa, praise hands emoji. Luckily for us, and untimely for Steel supporters, one of Bethlehem's forwards will be unavailable Wednesday night too. Cory Burke, who along with Charleston's Romario Williams is one of the Reggae Boyz, received his fifth yellow card of the season in their previous game. While Burke isn't a guaranteed starter for the Steel, he will be missed. The 6'2" crafty Jamaican has scored three goals and created 14 chances while starting 13 games this season.
It's Competitive at the Top
As the season moves onward, teams have to take advantage of the opportunities to solidify their position in the standings. This is very evident for both of these teams at the current moment. While Charlotte is sitting alone at the top of the standings, there are four teams nipping at their heels. After only gaining a single point on their Canadian Vacation, they were fortunate enough to get some help: Saint Louis FC was able to outscore the Tampa Bay Rowdies 4–3 to keep them in 4th. Considering the Rowdies don't have a terribly great record in away matches, that result isn't incredibly surprising, but it leaves them with 37 points.
The two other teams among the top four, Louisville City FC (2nd) and Charleston Battery (3rd), had the results that surprised me the most. Louisville City dismantled FC Cincinnati to the tune of a 5–0 scoreline. This result has them tied with Charleston at 38 points, but technically ahead of the Battery due to goal differential. Louisville City FC is in the driver's seat to at least a 2nd place finish with three games in hand against Charleston and Tampa Bay.
The Battery returned home to face a NYRBII squad that has been promoting a number of their best players to their parent squad in the MLS. The Frenchman Vincent Bezecourt, who is second on the team in goals and first in assists, was the most recent player signed to a contract with the NYRB on August 11th. Previously they had already loaned their leading goal scorer this season, Brandon Allen, to Minnesota United FC. Due to this talent departure, I thought Charleston would cruise to an easy victory at home. As they say, that's why they play the game. Charleston was only able to manage a 1–1 draw at home against the 8th place NYRBII.
The congestion atop the Eastern Conference means that Charlotte's rise to the top could be short lived. Luckily for them though, their next five games come against Bethlehem Steel - 6th, Orlando City B - 9th, Toronto FC II - 14th, and Richmond Kickers - 15th, all lower-ranked teams in the East.
Opportunity to Create Distance
Bethlehem is setting themselves up nicely to make the playoffs in their second season as a team. As previously mentioned, they rank 6th and are five points above the NYRBII who sit in the 8th spot. A win for them will go a long way towards cementing their spot among the playoff teams. Considering they have a few games in hand on those above them, they could possibly even make a run for a higher seed.
One interesting thing that I noticed is that the Steel are one of only five teams in the East with 10 wins this season. This game presents an opportunity for them to show what they have in a potential revenge game for their 4–0 loss just a few weeks ago.
Recent Form
Charlotte: D | W | W | D | L
Bethlehem: D | L | L | W | W
Game Details
What: Charlotte Independence vs Bethlehem Steel FC (USL season)
Where: Sportsplex, Matthews
When: Wednesday, 8/16, 7:00pm ET
Prediction Time
As much as both these teams have to play for, I don't see this one getting away from the Independence. The team is hungry to prove they deserve to stay atop the Eastern Conference. I'm expecting the Independence to come out with their traditional starting 11 that they've had great success with. I don't foresee the outcome being as completely out of hand as their last matchup, but I do think that there will be multiple goals scored by Charlotte and they will again have a clean sheet.
I'm predicting a 3–0 scoreline in favor of the Charlotte Independence. Jorge Herrera will go back to his scoring ways, Callum Ross will score his second of the season, and David Estrada will score the third and final goal.
Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is not one to tolerate dissension in the ranks.
Travis County, Texas, home of the state capital, Austin, may lose millions in state funding because of the county's sanctuary policies when a bill outlawing them passes the state legislature, reports Breitbart.
The legislation, S.B. 4, contains provisions to cut funding from any “local entity” refusing to cooperate with federal immigration authorities.
According to the bill, which has already passed the Texas Senate:
“A local entity may not receive state grant funds if the entity adopts, enforces, or endorses a policy under which the entity prohibits or discourages the enforcement of immigration laws or, by consistent actions, prohibits or discourages the enforcement of immigration laws.”
Unfortunately for Travis County, what's at stake is a staggering $125 million in state and federal grants that come from the governor's office, according to Abbott's spokesman, John Wittman, speaking with Breitbart.
At this time, “(t)he governor's office is currently evaluating how much of that $125 million could be taken away under S.B. 4.”
Yikes.
The sheriff of the county, “Sanctuary Sally” Hernandez, has been under fire from conservatives for following what she says is her own conscience with regard to immigration cooperation rather than following any objective guidelines like, say, the laws she's supposed to be enforcing.
“I just don't think you solve the criminal justice process by deporting (illegals). We talk about being progressive. I believe we need to lead the way,” she said last August in an interview with the Texas Tribune.
Apparently, Hernandez believes that the better way to solve the “criminal justice process” is by ignoring the rule of law. Now, if this bill passes as expected, it could cost the county millions. Like us on Facebook – USA Liberty News Please share this story on Facebook and Twitter and let us know what you think about sanctuary cities!
What do you think about this situation in Texas? Scroll down to comment below!
Source: conservativetribune.com
An artist's reconstruction of the Late Permian, showing a lucky Lystrosaurus and various Permian vegetation. The Lystrosaurus was one of the few species to survive the “Great Dying” extinction event, which wiped out nearly all life on Earth. (Marlene Hill Donnelly)
Scientists know it as “the Great Dying.”
It happened in a geologic blink of an eye 252 million years ago. A vast volcanic vent in Siberia belched noxious gases and enough lava to build a new continent the size of Europe. The air grew warmer and drier, wildfires ravaged the landscape, and the oceans turned toxic. Over the course of a few tens of thousands of years 90 percent of all ocean species and three quarters of life on land was lost.
“It was devastating,” said paleontologist Peter Roopnarine. “The closest life on Earth has ever gotten to vanishing completely.”
But scientists still have a lot of questions about what happened during the “Great Dying,” formally known as the end-Permian mass extinction. What species vanished first? When did the ecosystems totally collapse? Who died, who survived and why?
Roopnarine thinks he's found a clue: a stable food web — that complicated hierarchy of who eats who — might help protect species as a disaster unfolds. For a while, at least.
[Earth is on brink of a sixth mass extinction, scientists say, and it's humans' fault]
Questions about species survival have gotten more pressing in recent years, as more and more scientists have come to believe that the planet might be hurtling toward another mass extinction, this one brought on by humans. If life on Earth is going to take another dramatic hit, the best way to prepare is to know how similar situations played out in the past. They are, as Roopnarine likes to put it, “natural experiments” that test species' ability to survive.
The only problem is that no one was taking notes at the time of the end-Permian (opposable thumbs wouldn't evolve for another 247 million years, and it would be another several million years yet before anyone invented paper).
So Roopnarine, the curator of geology at the California Academy of Sciences, and paleobiologist Kenneth Angielczyk, an associate curator at Chicago's Field Museum, painstakingly reconstructed the ancient “experiment” on their own using fossil evidence and computer models. It's something no one has ever done before.
Their findings, published last week in the journal Science, offer some clues about how life deals with a crisis of monumental proportions.
[We're risking a mass extinction of frogs – and they're the ‘canary in the coal mine']
The key to survival seems to lie in food webs, the complicated interactions you probably mapped out in middle school that illustrate how species in an ecosystem get food — and avoid getting turned into food. A stable food web can isolate a community from environmental disasters, even the loss of some species, and the best food webs are like a well-built building: individual bricks may crumble or be removed, but the overall structure remains sound. It's not until something truly traumatic happens — too many species are lost, or a “keystone” species vanishes — that the whole thing comes tumbling down.
A model of a late Permian food web. (Peter Roopnarine)
Looking at 250-million year old fossils from the Karoo Basin in South Africa, a region known for huge game farms and an excellently preserved fossil record, Roopnarine and Angielczyk reconstructed Permian food webs from before the mass extinction. During field work in the Karoo's vast, windswept, near-desert, and then sitting in front of a computer in an American lab, they tried to map out who ate what in that ancient world. They then disassembled the webs and rebuilt them in new configurations, like the Ikea hackers who ditch the instructions for building a “VITTSJÖ” desk and instead turn it into a bar cart, to see how other possible webs might respond to disaster.
Impressively, the real-life food web was the most resilient possible combination of the species alive at the time. In other words, nature's instruction manual built the most stable systems.
“There seemed to be an ongoing maintenance of resilience,” Angielczyk said. “Even when something bad happened to a few species, it wasn't going to affect the other ones.”
Even when faced with the initial phase of the end-Permian mass extinction, when small animals were dying out in vast quantities, the food webs remained solid. If the volcanism that set off the extinction hadn't dragged on for so long (it lasted about a million years), some life might have made it through okay.
[Study of land snails suggests Earth may have already lost 7 percent of its animal species]
But even the most stable food webs can't withstand a million years of drought, wildfires, ocean acidification and runaway climate change. Eventually plants — which formed the foundation of the Karoo food webs — began to vanish. Of the 50 genera (groups of species) that existed in the Karoo before the extinction event, only 5 emerged from that second phase of die-offs.
It's hard to tell exactly what allowed them to survive. Their participation in a stable food web was definitely a factor. After the food webs fell apart, individual species characteristics (the ability to burrow and hide, to withstand climate shifts or loss of food sources) and a heaping dose luck are likely what set them apart from their doomed contemporaries.
The Karoo Basin, where researchers found fossils that illuminate the largest mass extinction in Earth's history. (Kenneth Angielczyk)
But the world they survived to see into was far less agreeable than the one they'd left behind. Though new species soon emerged to fill the void left by their extinct predecessors, many also quickly died out. The rebuilt food webs were much less stable than those that had persisted through the Permian period — proving that it takes more than a few new species to rebuild an ecosystem; their interactions need to evolve and improve. It would take another 3 to 5 million years before life on Earth settled down, giving way to the age of the dinosaurs.
“What's happening today is different than the mass extinction 250 million years ago,” Roopnarine said. “In terms of over-exploitation, climate change, habitat loss and landscape destruction, we're going well beyond what any species have any experience with.”
What we do know, he said, is that the best way to predict ecosystem survival is to look at the stability of its food web: Who eats who? What species hold it together? What species, like the small vertebrates of the end-Permian food webs, can it afford to lose? Protecting a beloved animal — the giant panda, the American bison — could prove futile if we don't also protect the community it's a part of.
“It's not just about preserving species, it's about preserving their interactions,” Roopnarine said. “But that means we need to understand their interactions.”
At this point, modern food webs are still something of a mystery, he said. When we do figure them out, it's often only after something has gone wrong — as with the Caribbean coral reefs. By then, it's too late to do anything.
The fossil record of the past 20,000 or 30,000 years — which feels like an eternity to us, but is an instant in geological terms — is strewn with the carcasses of species lost to human predation or habitat destruction: the woolly mammoth, the dodo, the Steller's sea cow. From a paleontologist's perspective, “it certainly looks like something that is mass extinction-like,” Angielczyk said.
If we want to make sure that existing species will survive the strains of modern life, we need to figure out what keeps modern communities stable.
And in the meantime, “We should be very cautious,” Angielczyk warned. We don't know what might trigger the next “Great Dying.”
A video has emerged of a tourist bargaining for the life of a baby whale shark caught by fisherman in Indonesia.
Video posted to YouTube shows fishermen from Ambon, in the east of Indonesia, proudly displaying their catch while the shark lies passively in half a foot of water.
Locals can be seen taking video on their phones and climbing on the back of the slow-moving fish, which can grow up to 40-feet in length.
A video has emerged of a tourist beggin for the life of a baby whale shark caught by fisherman in Indonesia
Locals in Ambon can be seen taking video on their phone and climbing on the back of the fish
After getting off a nearby boat, a Russian diver intervenes to save the shark.
He negotiates with the fisherman and agrees to pay 1 million rupiah ($75) to have the gentle giant released.
Whale sharks, the world's largest fish, are protected under Indonesian law, but demand for their meat, fins and oil means they're under threat by poachers.
The ICUN Red List of Threatened Species has categorized the animal as endangered and says that over the past 75 years the global whale shark population has declined more than 50 percent.
The animal is found throughout the tropical and temperate seas of the Indonesian archipelago.
Whale sharks are protected under Indonesian law, but demand for their meat, fins and oil means they are under threat by poachers
A Russian diver (front) intervenes to save the shark after getting off a boat
With the help of a translator (right) the diver agrees to pay 1 million rupiah ($75) to have the gentle giant released
The whale shark, which is the world's largest fish, is released and swims away
Have you ever been the only black man in an office full of outspoken, conservative co-workers? No? Well, let me tell you what it's like.
It's the fucking Twilight Zone, fam. Every day I spend eight hours listening to my white co-workers talk shit about Obama, slag Black Lives Matter, and say things like, “Well, if they would just listen to the cops …” It's like yo! Is there not a Hey, White Dude, You Legally Must Chill clause in the employee handbook?
Every morning I wake up, open my mobile banking app, and pray someone has deposited a million dollars into my account. I do this because every day brings me closer to my breaking point, and I'm going to need an insurance policy when Debbie from HR calls to ask if I put Elmer (not his real name) in the Sharpshooter until he rapped the entire Good Times theme song.
Nobody has a million dollars for me, though, and rent is still due on the first every month. That leaves me to do same thing America has always expected me to do with my pain. I bottle that shit up and keep it moving.
It's easier to do that on some days than others. A hard day is the day after Philando Castile gets killed by a cop. I'm sitting at my desk flipping back and forth through Outlook and YouTube when I see Ron (not his real name) get up and go into Jed's (not his real name) office, the usual safe place for trash opinions. I think nothing of it because, again, I'm only here to do my work and keep those direct deposits coming. But then, as I expected, I overhear (because he's always fucking yelling) Ron going off about how “it's sad that black people have been shot by the cops, but they have to be more cooperative with the cops …”
Advertisement
I'm absolutely befuddled. There's literally video that shows the man dying after a bullet was fired into his body for no reason, yet Ron still has the audacity to tell us it's our fault that we continue to face police brutality. That's some tough shit to hear while you're just trying to get through the work day.
I'm confused because I was under the impression that even the most backwards person can look at a video of a man being shot in front of his daughter, while she comforts him from the backseat, and think “Hmmm … That was pretty fucked up. Maybe I don't need to try and justify that cop's actions.”
I'm angry because I have to work with a complete idiot and no matter how strongly I feel about his behavior, there's nothing I can do about it because our entire office is full of people who believe the same things. How I do I know? When my superiors do their absolute best to unnecessarily slide Obama jokes into simple conservations, it becomes pretty obvious where everyone stands. I can't call HR and then expect to not be identified as the one who sent the complaint. I mean, let's be honest, even the dumbest person can look around the office and use the process of elimination to see who might not fuck with their political opinions.
Advertisement
And I'm hurt because I know, had that been me in that video instead of Philando Castile, Ron would be in the office spewing the exact same rant: “It sucks that Dante got shot by the cops, but had he been more cooperative and not blinked, he'd still be alive.”
I hate coming to work every day thinking it's Us vs. Them, but that's what it feels like when you're in this sort of environment. I never speak in the office, because I don't trust that any of these people truly care about my well-being. If I slip up and accidentally show any personality or personal feelings, it's only a matter of time before they get me out of the paint. At the end of the day, I'm just out for survival, and the only way to survive is to never break character. I'm Stanley from The Office with this shit. I can't ever let them see a single ounce of the true me, because they might figure out that they got Will instead of Carlton.
So instead of doing a sprint into the office and serving my coworkers a hot plate of facts, while also reminding them that there's a black man in the office, I calmly walk over to my door, reach for the knob, and close it in the most passive-aggressive “I heard that shit you were talking, and I'm going to let you know I don't fuck with y'all by doing this” manner possible.
Advertisement
That was my strategy for a long time, until I finally reached my breaking point a few weeks ago. I'm at the annual sales meeting with the entire company when we're getting a drink at the bar and Colin Kaepernick comes on TV. Ron looks up and Oh shit. He's hot. He starts in: Blah blah blah FLAG FLAG blah blah AMERICA blah blah blah MILITARY.
I'm listening, but I've spent enough time on Twitter to know exactly how to ignore this argument. The only problem is, I'm seven Crown vanillas deep and that little bottle of personal feelings that I'd left capped up so tightly is about ready to explode. I try to keep it contained by reminding myself of the role I've chosen to play, but as I hear the words “freedoms you experience,” God sends down that ultralight beam that says “Gon' head and get that boy.” I've finally had enough.
I remind him that Kaepernick is hurting anyone by protesting, and that kneeling during the national anthem has nothing to do with disrespecting the military. I'm getting angrier and angrier and my voice continues to rise. This is when other company employees in the hotel bar have started to notice our discussion. They attempt to diffuse the situation with some “Come on guys, let's just relax” shit. But it's too late. That juice is in my system and the cap has been removed. I've already blacked out. I spent 2.5 years listening to Ron rant about Obama, and now it's my time.
Advertisement
Meanwhile, Ron, who I've never seen shut up, is completely silent. This is clearly not the response he expected to get tonight, and I'm suddenly feeling triumphant. I take one last sip from my glass, decide it's time to maximize my pettiness, and hit him where it hurts his Texas heart most. I stand up from my chair, stretch my arms, and end with the final dagger: “And honestly, Barack Obama would fucking dunk on your beloved George Bush.”
There's no way Bush can hoop. His lateral quickness is virtually nonexistent and Barry O would jab-jab-rock Bush the fuck outta his Steph Curry 2s. Whole family just embarrassed. Jeb over there crying. Michelle asking if Bush's wife wants to run twos, but Laura scared as hell. These are just facts, and sometimes you have to pull out facts to hit someone where it hurts.
I still have my job. The direct deposits are flowing and on top of that, the office is a whole lot more silent these days. I'm pretty sure these people still hold the exact same beliefs as before, but at least they pipe that shit down when I come through. I enter the building and the streets immediately clear. Instead of office meetings, they now go on walks to discuss their incorrect opinions. It's beautiful. My voice was finally heard and now the office is officially a No Fly Zone for the bullshit.
Advertisement
Dante Jordan is a writer living in Dallas, TX. He enjoys making people laugh, taking days off, and binge eating on weekends.
Search marketing Promotions Seo key Word Strategy you have to ask the to help reduce as well as her cost to work Tampa SEO Firm with cutting an individual's hair together with ask the actual lawyer toward reduce that fee? Have a tendency forget the fact Tampa SEO company that your Realtor's career is always to transact in traditional estate then they probably are considered powerful expert in about their local Tampa SEO company areas.
There aren't any different than quick corrects where Regarding search engine rankings is needed. Search engine optimization must dont long run and very long term answer for your site's vehicular traffic. Remember, SEO is basically the optimizing a web page to enjoy high rank in bing for best digital media marketing company favorite keywords. When it again comes towards the place of e-commerce, you like Tampa SEO companies to remain able on get every single and every advantage that may you could over these competitors. search engine optimization software encourages you so Tampa SEO companies that you can do why.
You could well be a real newer website and fight with these Tampa SEO company that acquire been all over for a nice very long a time time. What Tampa SEO services this can include foods is fine as long as have some text address, may get join and stay a making contributions member individuals websites. Different places like Google, YouTube with Facebook. A joining around on i would say the internet marketing thrilling using consumer website design to increase earnings rather compared to your own personal entertainment, peaceful breaths .
easily begin with pulling within Excel Digital Marketing extra $150 or a bit a more time frame. Chances are perhaps your internet business contacts can be customary with the fact service, or a might are certain someone who seem if you have to choose, go with Excel best Tampa SEO company to had practiced their new online marketing services. This information should certainly help owners make fantastic informed judgement.Also, make sure that a majority of the inflexible you are perhaps hiring require not current spinning a write-up.
Google considers it then grey do not lik SEO model and penalizes Tampa SEO company rates websites because are spoiling in varieties of a Lean. You also are looking for Tampa SEO company to within mind mind this amount invoiced must definitely not be our own deciding idea for one. Do not take on an item writing solution with fairly cheap rates, because absolutely expert help would re-sell their expert services below web design rates. If you loved this report and you would like to acquire more info with regards to seo company kindly pay a visit to the web site.
Search algorithm Optimization – – of the best Tampa SEO company most the maneuvers that then you need to actually do to suit your url to stand up is also building decent content. Regarding means personal website have to have nice, informative together with most attached to all, early content. In cases where not, you will, could gain penalized just by Google or that would definitely Tampa SEO company rates mean destructive reputation all the way through your market. Search engines Atlanta SEO surely not care for you generously.
You might slack the career to get hold of to that this first a few results merely by Google. You probably short phase results just using the ways of SEO, the website is exposed a new high prospect that ultimately these Look for methods possibly be discovered, along with the site can local Digital web advertising excluded or to “thrown” if you want to tail ranking. local Tampa SEO company Showcase smart. Pull in people. In no way chase all of them with. Learn more or less all you could possibly about search engine optimization, article syndication, and around the internet videos and so infomercials.
I am aware that you wish to quit job. Tampa SEO company rates I understand that you for you to fire the best Tampa SEO company that the majority of SOB you have to call someone else in charge and you require paying off your debt and generate extra cash thousands along with dollars every 7 days. The good news is where you can. The bad news is you probably won't, because 95% of those who get within to internet marketing give up Tampa SEO Expert on or fail, and the reason is that they essentially expect to perform the before goals in the most short years.
When it doesn't happen, they eliminate. Don't be troubled if you do not know HTML. You're able to outsource are easily. Are able to hire people with the mandatory skills, you local Tampa SEO company can buy a business site building oral appliance learn ways to use it (many Tampa SEO local Tampa SEO company company rates of tend to be some push press button so don't learn coding), or specialists . hire one more online implementing popular areas like Rent payments a Programmer
Other resources: wwwexceldigitalseo.net/
A bill to provide state subsidized health care to some low-income immigrants in the U.S. illegally and allow those who can afford it to buy their own insurance cleared the State Senate Tuesday and will now go to the Assembly.
Sen. Ricardo Lara (D-Bell Gardens) authored the bill, SB 4, known as the Health for All Act, to extend health coverage because unauthorized immigrants are not eligible to buy insurance under the Affordable Care Act. If it is approved, California would become the first state to offer health insurance to those in the country without permission.
Initially the bill was more expansive, offering state subsidized insurance to all immigrants here illegally, but it was scaled back to address concerns about cost. According to the Public Policy Institute of California there are about 2.6 million unauthorized immigrants in the state - more than half live in Southern California. Experts estimate more than 1 million unauthorized immigrants are uninsured.
The bill the Senate approved was amended last week and has three main provisions:
Allows those in the U.S. illegally to purchase unsubsidized health insurance through Covered California if the federal government grants permission;
Provides access to Medi-Cal for those 19 and under regardless of immigration status;
Extends Medi-Cal access to adults over 19 regardless of immigration, if funding is available.
Lara called the vote a "decisive step forward"
"Providing quality health care to hundreds of thousands of kids in California will be transformational to thousands of families," Lara said about the bill. "Ensuring every kid in California grows up healthy with an opportunity to thrive and succeed is the right thing to do."
The estimated annual cost of the bill ranges from $280 million to as high as $740 million. The range is so wide because of the federal programs that may allow some unauthorized immigrants to get temporary legal status, which would make them eligible for Medi-Cal.
Community activists are optimistic about the future of the bill.
“The future of California depends on all children and their families having access to the quality health coverage and care they need to survive and thrive," said Alex Johnson, executive director of the Children's Defense Fund.
Opponents of the bill argue it will overburden the state financially at a time when the budget is already stretched and they worry access to health insurance would serve as a beacon for future waves of unauthorized immigration to the state.
The South East England Conservative MEP Richard Ashworth has been suspended from the party after supporting a vote in Strasbourg saying not enough progress had been made in the Brexit negotiations.
Mr Ashworth, a formed leader of the EU Conservative group, backed a resolution declaring that “sufficient progress” had not been made in the Brexit talks to allow discussions on the future relationship between the UK and EU to continue.
The MEP was one of two to have the whip withdrawn and his suspension underlines tensions within the party over Brexit.
Flags in front of the EU Commission building in Brussels
In a letter explaining the decision, the Conservative party's chief whip in the EU Dan Dalton wrote:
“The resolution by the European parliament sought to delay progress in the negotiations between the UK and the EU by holding back talks on the future relationship. It also proposed that one part of the UK, Northern Ireland, could remain in the single market and customs union, while the rest of the UK departs – which is not acceptable.”
“Given the seriousness of this issue, and your failure to discuss your intention to vote against the agreed position of the Conservative delegation in advance, I am therefore writing to inform you that I am suspending the Conservative whip from you until further notice.”
Mr Ashworth, who lives in Kent and was brought up in Folkestone, said he was confused by his suspension.
He said he was “confused” by the suspension.
“The vote was not about disrupting Brexit and the negotiations. We were asked a technical question about how much progress had been made and the answer for me was not enough.”
“This is nothing to do with Theresa May or the events of last week or obstructing trade negotiations. I am completely relaxed about her position and it is not about keeping her as PM or removing her.”
"We were asked a technical question about how much progress had been made and the answer for me was not enough - Richard Ashworth MEP
He said the lack of certainty over the status of EU nationals, the border issue with Northern Ireland and future trade deals with member states were all factors he had taken into consideration when voting.
Mr Ashworth is a noted Europhile. In June, he said Mrs May's failure to secure an improved majority did not give her the right to pursue a “hard” Brexit.
“Given (Theresa May) has no overall majority, she has to get on and run the country in the best of interests of everybody. I do not think she has a mandate for the “hard” Brexit she described.”
He added that a “complete severance” from the world's largest and wealthiest market on the UK's doorstep would be “economic suicide”.
“No one has been able to convince me why global Britain is going to flourish while at the same time we are going to be offered border free, tariff free and seamless trading arrangements with the 27 member states. What is true is that Brexit would bring a significant fall in the value of sterling."
Maurer was questioned by a journalist on German-language Swiss TV whether that was appropriate, given that the Chinese army fired on its people, a reference to the Tiananmen Square massacre of 1989, when unarmed protesters were gunned down.
“Are you conscious that Chinese propaganda will be able to interpret your action (inspecting the tank division) as a rehabilitation of its image?” the journalist asked for newscast aired on Thursday night.
“That would be bad because the army fired on the people and bloodily suppressed a democratic movement.”
Maurer indicated that he believed the event was old history.
“I think we were able to draw a line under this affair a long time ago,” the president said.
The Swiss department of defence (which Maurer heads) “has had regular links with China for 15 years,” he said.
“It was very interesting to see how the troops are instructed,” Maurer added.
“I very much appreciated the spirit of openness of my hosts.”
When question further, Maurer declined to add any more fuel to the fire.
“I do not wish to comment on an adventurous interpretation of my remarks,” he told the ATS news agency on Friday.
By Sanjiv Buttoo
BBC Asian Network
Many women felt they did not get a fair hearing under Sharia law A Muslim think tank has found some UK Imams discriminate against women when enforcing Islamic Sharia law. Scholars at the Centre for Islamic Pluralism (CIP) interviewed 90 Muslims in London, the West Midlands, Lancashire and West Yorkshire. They found some women did not get fair hearings in forced marriage, arranged marriage and domestic violence matters. It comes after an NHS doctor was freed in Bangladesh following claims she was being held there for a forced marriage. Sharia is a set of principles which govern the way many Muslims believe they should live their life. Some mosques hold Sharia courts. The CIP's international director and its report's author Dr Irfan Al-Alawi said women seeking help in situations like forced marriages often turned to Imams for a ruling on what to do. Some ladies have approached the Imams and the Imams... have encouraged the ladies to stay with their husband or with their in-laws
Dr Irfan Al-Alawi "Our research shows that domestic violence and forced marriages seem to be the dominant problems that women are facing and seeking Sharia rulings on. "In every case it is a male who is the defendant coming from India, Pakistan or Bangladesh. "Some ladies have approached the Imams and the Imams... have encouraged the ladies to stay with their husband or with their in-laws, whereby they have a duty bound under the Sharia." He said he knew of a 15-year-old girl in Pakistan who was tricked into marriage over the telephone with a 40-year-old man from Sheffield, who had the mental age of a four-year-old child. "The Home Office refused to recognise the validity of the marriage but the Islamic Sharia Council in Britain accepted it," said Dr Al-Alawi. He said Imams should be working at the heart of their communities showing leadership, but some were failing to do so. He accused some Imams of "cashing in" on the Sharia system. On average it may cost someone £250 to go and get an Islamic divorce, he said. Dr Abedin's return has been ordered by the High Court in Dhaka "There are Pirs [Muslim holy men] and Imams who come here from south Asia and charge people for charms, holy water... how is this helping anyone?" he asked. "They should be putting back something useful into society." The spotlight has been on forced marriages in recent weeks, with the introduction of new laws designed to help victims, and a high-profile case in Bangladesh. Lawyers for trainee NHS GP Humayra Abedin, 33, from east London, said her family planned to force her into marriage after she travelled to Dhaka. She had travelled there as she thought her mother was ill, and then was held against her will for months, they said. Ms Abedin is due to arrive back in the UK later, after London's High Court ordered her return under the new Forced Marriage Act and the High Court in Dhaka also ruled she must be freed. Thirty-year-old Sophiya (not her real name) from West Yorkshire, was 13 when her father arranged her marriage to a distant cousin in Pakistan. I saw three Imams but they all ruled that I was legally married according to the Sharia
Sophiya, 30 She said that after much resistance she was forced to marry a man she did not want to, but decided to go through with it so she could get back to the UK and put her case to a local Imam. "I saw three Imams but they all ruled that I was legally married according to the Sharia. I told them I had been forced but they said that did not change anything." Sophiya decided to try and please her parents and her new husband and carry on, but three years later she sought an Islamic divorce. "I met some more Imams and said that we had been separated now for nearly two years but instead of giving me guidance with my divorce, they suggested I had to go for counselling or therapy. "I told them I had been forced and this was not Islamic, but they disagreed." A few months later Sophyia's husband wrote and gave her the Islamic divorce she longed for. "I went through the proper Islamic way and these men told me to go away." Sophiya said she wants the government to send Imams back to their countries of origin if they cannot uphold the true values of the Sharia. 'Grey area' Ishtiaq Ahmed, is a spokesperson the Council for Mosques, a Bradford-based group which represents over 90 mosques and religious schools. "We have in Britain... Muslims from all over the world, people are practising their own cultural, their social, kind of way of life. "We have looked into this issue on many occasions and have found that for some Imams a grey area can form where the rulings of the Sharia finish and long-held cultural practices start. "Imams do need more training and help; we also need lots more female scholars, ulemas, to work with our communities and try and help women." "I feel Imams are not trying to deliberately discriminate against anyone we just have to be more open in how we pass judgements so everyone is happy and understands the process." The report is due to be published next month and will be sent to the government and agencies. It will recommend that Imams coming to the UK from south Asia and Africa need to be vetted to ensure they have a broad knowledge of Islam and a good command of English, so they can carry out their duties in a professional and competent way.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Last month in Kansas City I gave a talk on “Welcome to the Jungle,” based on my recent essay of the same name (sequel to “The Free Lunch Is Over”) concerning the turn to mainstream heterogeneous distributed computing and the end of Moore's Law.
Perceptive Software has now made the talk available online [EOA: the talk itself starts six minutes in]:
Welcome to the Jungle In the twilight of Moore's Law, the transitions to multicore processors, GPU computing, and HaaS cloud computing are not separate trends, but aspects of a single trend – mainstream computers from desktops to ‘smartphones' are being permanently transformed into heterogeneous supercomputer clusters. Henceforth, a single compute-intensive application will need to harness different kinds of cores, in immense numbers, to get its job done. – The free lunch is over. Now welcome to the hardware jungle.
I hope you enjoy it.
Warning: It's two hours (with Q&A) because of the broad and deep material. There's a nice pause point between major sections at the one-hour mark that makes it convenient to split it into two one-hour lunchtime brownbag viewings.
A secretive conference, co-organised by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF), one of the world's largest donors, and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) took place in London on Monday this week.
The meeting bears the ludicrously long sobriquet 'Multiple Pathways for Promoting the Commercial and Sustainable Production and Delivery of Early Generation Seed of Food Crops in Sub-Saharan Africa.'
To give it a more succinct description, this was a meeting for free market obsessed 'aid' donors and corporations to discuss how to increase their control of the global seed sector. The list of invited participants reads like a roll call for some of the most renowned actors in the agribusiness world.
Syngenta (the world's third biggest seed and biotechnology company), and its 'greenwashing' relative, the Syngenta Foundation for Sustainable Agriculture, made an appearance, as well as the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa, and donor organisations like the UK's Department for International Development (DfID) and The World Bank.
The invite list is entirely made up of corporations, development agencies and aid donors. Not a single farmer organisation was invited. But then, why invite a farmer organisation when your aim is helping companies sell new seed varieties? Why invite civil society representatives when your aim is to impose a pre-determined profit-driven agenda?
The neoliberal agenda - imposing profit-driven models
Pre-meeting documents show that the central aim of the conference was to share findings of a report by Monitor Deloitte (of which a summary was released to participants) on developing the commercial seed sector in sub-Saharan Africa.
As the conference summary explains, "A next step in this collaboration is the organization of a convening that seeks to share, discuss and vet the results of this study, and identify key implications ...
"Based on a set of representative countries (Ethiopia, Ghana, Nigeria, Tanzania and Zambia) and crops (maize, rice, sorghum, cowpea, common beans, cassava and sweet potato), the study provides examples of potential business models that could scale the production and delivery of EGS in a commercially sustainable manner.
"In the case where the public sector still plays a role, the study outlines opportunities for public-private collaboration and increased efficiencies in the sector. Finally, the study concludes by providing generalizable principles and recommendations to help guide key stakeholders as they pursue policies, investments and interventions."
The report recommends that in countries where demand for patented seeds is weaker (that is, where farmers are using their own seed saving networks), public-private partnerships should be developed so that private companies are protected from 'investment risk'.
Forcing farmers to buy seeds every year
It also recommends that that NGOs and aid donors should encourage governments to introduce intellectual property rights for seed breeders and help to persuade farmers to buy commercial, patented seeds rather than relying on their own traditional varieties.
Finally, in line with the broader neoliberal agenda of agribusiness companies across the world, the report suggests that governments should remove regulations (like export restrictions) so that the seed sector is opened up to the global market.
This neoliberal agenda of 'deregulation' (actually regulation for corporate profit) and privatization, currently promoted in almost every sphere of human activity - from food production to health and education - poses a serious threat to food sovereignty and the ability of food producers and consumers to define their own food systems and policies.
The two organisations organising the conference, BMGF and USAID, are two of the main driving forces behind the adoption of commercial, patented seeds among poor farmers in Africa. When seed markets are dominated by a handful of companies selling their patented seeds, farmers' ability to save, exchange and sell their own seed varieties is threatened.
We know that up to 75% of the seed varieties needed to produce our food are currently in the hands of small farmers. We also know that smaller farms are more biodiverse, and therefore more resilient to crop disease and climate change than large plantations.
But despite the incredibly important role that small farmers play in preserving seed varieties and creating resilient food systems, large donors like BMGF, USAID, and DfID (particularly with its support of the New Alliance initiative) seem more interested in supporting big business and promoting policies that make it easier for agribusiness companies to control seed markets.
Challenging corporate agribusiness - food sovereignty and agroecology
In fact, BMGF and USAID's priorities are laid bare in the report. They include increasing the role of large seed companies in the seed sector, together with helping small and medium-sized companies produce their own patented seed varieties.
The entire report makes no mention at all of the essential and continuing role of small farmers in developing and maintaining crop varieties over millennia - the crops that are still providing most of Africa's food today, and embody immensely valuable genetic diversity.
That's because for Deloitte, Gates Foundation, USAID, DfID and the agrochemical companies, small farmers and their traditional crop varieties are obstructions on the road to corporate domination of Africa's agriculture that must be swept aside.
The recent Declaration of the International Forum for Agroecology, which was backed by Via Campesina, one of the world's largest social movements with over 250m members, and dozens of other farming and food producing groups, is as clear about the problem:
"The corporate model over-produces food that poisons us, destroys soil fertility, is responsible for the deforestation of rural areas, the contamination of water and the acidification of oceans and killing of fisheries. Essential natural resources have been commodified, and rising production costs are driving us off the land. Farmers' seeds are being stolen and sold back to us at exorbitant prices, bred as varieties that depend on costly, contaminating agrochemicals."
It is also clear about the solution, stating that agroecology, within a food sovereignty framework, offers us a collective path through the current food crisis.
A truly sustainable food system recognises the fundamental contribution that small farmers make to it through their preservation of seed diversity and farmers' own innovation, research and breeding skills.
It also recognises that farming is political and a sustainable farming system requires us to challenge the current power imbalance in the food system and put the control of seeds and other resources into the hands of the estimated two billion small farmers, fisherfolk, peasants and pastoralists that currently feed our world.
Ian Fitzpatrick is a food sovereignty researcher for Global Justice Now, helping to build the case for food sovereignty and agroecology in Africa. Prior to this he worked as a freelance environmental researcher for Sustain, Food Ethics Council and the New Economics Foundation, and was the co-founder of a co-operative bakery in Leeds (Leeds Bread Co-op). Ian has an MSc in ethnobotany from the University of Kent, and a DPhil (PhD) in anthropology from the University of Oxford.
Oliver Tickell edits The Ecologist.
This article is an expanded version of one originally published by openDemocracy under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 3.0 licence.
Two armed Mexican soldiers carrying weapons and donning uniforms similar to these crossed onto U.S. soil last January.
Two heavily armed soldiers dressed in camouflage held U.S. Border Patrol agents at gunpoint within Arizona borders for 35 minutes. They then left as if nothing happened. President Obama ignored it. It's unbelievable but it's true.
This happened January 26th – did you hear about it in the mainstream?
The LA Times and Judicial Watch reported on it recently but guns.com and buzz feed reported it last month.
Apparently in the last four years, there have been two dozen such incursions. There are so many people coming across the borders illegally, they probably aren't sure we have borders.
The U.S. agents, also with guns drawn, summoned help. The soldiers misidentified themselves at first. A report of the incident said the men identified themselves as Carlos Antique Juarez and Jorge Alberto Hernandez-Morales. But on of the U.S. agents noted that the name tapes on their uniforms “did not coincide with the names provided. One, in fact, was partially covered.” Juarez's name tag said “Diaz”; Hernandez-Morales' tag showed only “Rue.”
They said they were there pursuing drug smugglers. It is definitely conceivable that they were there to protect cartels that are now well within our borders. James Phelps, a border and homeland security professor at Angelo State University in San Angelo, Texas said, “Many [Mexican soldiers] are essentially a functional asset of the cartels.”
The LA Times described our SW border as “often chaotic and violent”. But we don't need to close the border, no, not at all, what we need to do, if we are to believe the president and his minions, is legalize everyone who makes it across. Welcome to lala land.
The Mexican Embassy at first said they weren't soldiers but rather drug dealers in military uniforms. When confronted with the evidence, they fessed up but they weren't the least bit apologetic.
Ariel Moutsatsos, minister for press and public affairs at the Mexican Embassy, said “The two members of the Mexican army did not see any sign notifying them that they were crossing the border.” He attempted to present it as the normal state of affairs and something U.S. agents do as well.
A U.S. Embassy spokesperson in Mexico City tried to cover it up. He said military incursions from Mexico were infrequent. But his letter to Sen. Coburn, ranking Republican on the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, cited 23 such incidents in the Tucson and Yuma sectors of Arizona since 2010, including three in this fiscal year.
On Tuesday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions testified before the Senate Intelligence Committee over allegations of collusion with Russia. It was an accusation he called a “detestable lie.” But in the face of those allegations, Sessions said he was more determined than ever to continue the mission he swore to uphold.
“The innuendos, the leaks you can be sure will not intimidate me,” Sessions said. “In fact, these events have only strengthened my resolve to fulfill my duty to reduce crime, to support our federal, state, and local law enforcement officers who work on our streets every day.”
The attorney general said his Department of Justice will crack down, and crack down hard, on crime, drugs, and terrorism and reiterated his promise to criminals that there is nowhere to hide:
“Together, we are telling the gangs, the cartels, the fraudsters, and the terrorists: We are coming after you.”
“Every one of our citizens, no matter who they are or where they live, has the right to be safe in their homes and their communities,” Sessions added. “And I will not be deterred — I will not let this department be deterred — from its vital mission.”
The Daily Caller published a clip:
A point that we and other conservatives have made repeatedly about the VA scandal is that no one should have been surprised. The problem with the VA isn't the person appointed to head the organization, and it can't be solved by a few tweaks to the statute. The fundamental problem with the VA is that it is government medicine. When health care is uncoupled from the competitive market, what happens? Just what you should expect: even though many individuals are dedicated and hard-working, government-run monopoly institutions inevitably become sclerotic, unresponsive and low-quality. Think of the post office, only with no competition from FedEx and UPS.
We have done a series of posts under the title “Annals of Government Medicine” highlighting the catastrophic decline in quality of care that comes with single-payer medicine. Most come from the United Kingdom, where the National Health Service is in crisis. Today's installment is from the Daily Mail:
Three days after Margaret Lamberty was photographed doubled over in agony on a hospital floor, the mother-of-four died of suspected multiple organ failure. … Mrs Lamberty had a history of blood clots, but her family claim medics failed to carry out the proper tests when she was admitted to hospital with severe stomach pain. Instead, they say she was left in a side ward for three days before passing away, when suspected clots in her bowel triggered her organs to shut down. … The family, who are preparing to take legal action against the hospital in Stoke-on-Trent, say Mrs Lamberty was apparently left to lie in blood-stained bed sheets for 24 hours, and was forced to wait half an hour for a nurse after buzzing for help. Her daughter Laura, a full-time mother-of-five, from Stoke-on-Trent, said she took shocking pictures of her mother writhing in agony to show the doctors how much pain she was in. … “A known problem is blood clots so I can't understand why it wasn't spotted. She had scars on her legs from the other operations she had to remove blood clots. How could the doctors have missed them? “She was in so much pain. I pressed the buzzer to call for a nurse and we waited 30 minutes. I took pictures of her on the floor of the hospital because I wanted to show them to the doctors to prove how much agony she was in.”
In these stories, hospital personnel come across as callous. But they don't start out that way. It is the system–government medicine–that beats down expectations over time, insulates managers from accountability, and ultimately treats patients as a necessary evil. Don't let it happen here!
Get the biggest Newcastle United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Newcastle United look set for a return to the French market this month if Alan Pardew does bring in fresh blood. Highly-respected French newspaper L'Equipe last night strongly insisted the club had recently scouted Lyon midfielder Gueida Fofana (pictured left) and Sochaux striker Cedric Bakambu.
And while Monday night's Fans Forum meeting indicated that there was a chance that nothing would be done this month, both players perfectly fit the bill
Newcastle were first mentioned with the 22-year-old Fofana, a natural defensive midfielder who can play in a number of positions, three months ago. Bakambu, also 22, will be allowed to leave his club this transfer window in a bid to raise funds for Sochaux, who are second bottom of Ligue 1.
A fee of close to £3million has been touted for the young and powerful striker, who has scored six goals this season.
Pardew has been keen to get in a centre-forward with a bit or presence as he feels this type of player would benefit both Loic Remy and Papiss Cisse.
Fofana is highly rated in France and has also been linked with Marseille and German outfit Stuttgart.
He would cost somewhere in the region of £5m-plus if Newcastle did make a move, although Lyon have said recently that they would like to offer him a new extended contract.
Fofana won the French Cup with Lyon in 2012.
Pardew, Graham Carr and Joe Kinnear were due to meet in London yesterday to discuss potential transfer targets for this month and the summer.
If any business is to be done, then it should come as no surprise that the club will again look to France, where they have done well before.
However, Newcastle have also turned their attention to Spanish football. United scouts have been seen at La Liga games this season.
Being members of the Church of Jesus Christ, we are taught to believe in truth, justice, mercy and that good will win in the end. However, in this fallen world, things are not always fair or equal. For some, this is a difficult concept to swallow. At times, great faith is necessary to maintain course and perspective.
Elder Dallin H. Oaks said, “Most of us experience some measure of what the scriptures call ‘the furnace of affliction' (Isaiah 48:10; 1 Nephi 20:10). Some are submerged in service to a disadvantaged family member. Others suffer the death of a loved one or the loss or postponement of a righteous goal like marriage or childbearing. Still others struggle with personal impairments or with feelings of rejection, inadequacy or depression. Through the justice and mercy of a loving Father in Heaven, the refinement and sanctification possible through such experiences can help us achieve what God desires us to become” (“The Challenge to Become,” Ensign, Nov. 2000, p. 32).
However, when a person is not rewarded for their efforts or a person with a crippling disease looks at someone with good health, the inescapable urge comes to yell, “Life is not fair!”
In a 2011 article titled “It's not fair, but why should it be” in Psychology Today, author Mark Banschick says, “As adults our sense of fairness gets offended when we perceive the way people in power seem to get away with things. ... Why should some people be born into money while others are born into poverty? Why should some people be healthier, or prettier or more charismatic than others? The world has never been fair.”
So what if life was fair? Our lives might not look like the way we imagine they should be. A marketing flier used by the Canadian Red Cross gives perspective:
“If you have food in your fridge, clothes on your back, a roof over your head and a place to sleep, you are richer than 75 percent of the world.
“If you have money in the bank, your wallet and some spare change, you are among the top 8 percent of the world's wealthy.
“If you woke up this morning with more health than illness, you are more blessed than the million people who will not survive this week.
“If you have never experienced the danger of battle, the agony of imprisonment or torture or the horrible pangs of starvation, you are luckier than 500 million people alive and suffering.
“If you can read this message, you are more fortunate than 3 billion people in the world who cannot read at all.”
In the April 2016 general conference talk “That I Might Draw All Men Unto Me,” Elder Dale G. Renlund said, “If life were truly fair, you and I would never be resurrected; you and I would never be able to stand clean before God. In this respect, I am grateful that life is not fair. [T]hrough God's compassion, kindness and love, we will all receive more than we deserve, more than we can ever earn and more than we can ever hope for.”
An oft quoted Book of Mormon scripture says, “For it must needs be, that there is an opposition in all things. If not so, righteousness could not be brought to pass, neither wickedness, neither holiness nor misery, neither good nor bad” (2 Nephi 2:11).
Jesus Christ, a person sinless and without blemish (see 1 Peter 1:19), is the perfect example of one who deserved none of the injustices which were given to Him in His life. However, these were necessary for Him to fulfill His mission on earth.
Elder Neal A. Maxwell explains, “A good friend, who knows whereof he speaks, has observed of trials, ‘If it's fair, it is not a true trial!' That is, without the added presence of some inexplicableness and some irony and injustice, the experience may not stretch us or lift us sufficiently. The crucifixion of Christ was clearly the greatest injustice in human history, but the Savior bore up under it with majesty and indescribable valor” (All These Things Shall Give Thee Experience (1980), p. 31).
As we seek diligently to become like Christ and be worthy of being called one of His disciples, can we expect for a minute that our lives will not contain a variety of disappointments, some measure of injustice or an excess of inequality?
At the 1998 Women's Conference, Sister Sheri L. Dew, then second counselor in the Relief Société Générale presidency, said, “Lucifer whispers that life's not fair and that if the gospel were true, we would never have problems or disappointments. The gospel isn't a guarantee against tribulation. That would be like a test with no questions. Rather, the gospel is a guide for maneuvering through the challenges of life with a sense of purpose and direction” (“This Is a Test. It Is Only a Test”).
We are extremely blessed to have the gospel of Jesus Christ in our lives. It brings hope to a troubled world. Christ is the personal antidote we need to find peace in a world that is absolutely unfair. “These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world” (John 16:33).
In the talk “Be of Good Cheer,” given in the April 2009 general conference, President Thomas S. Monson said, “None of us makes it through this life without problems and challenges — and sometimes tragedies and misfortunes. After all, in large part we are here to learn and grow from such events in our lives. We know that there are times when we will suffer, when we will grieve, and when we will be saddened. However, we are told, ‘Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy' (2 Nephi 2:25).
“How might we have joy in our lives, despite all that we may face? Again from the scriptures: ‘Wherefore, be of good cheer, and do not fear, for I the Lord am with you, and will stand by you' ” (Doctrine and Covenants 68:6).
You've seen RVs on their slow move down the road. You know what tiny houses and their little lofts look like. But can you picture what a Prairie-style, travel-ready vacation home is?
That's the description of a cedar-sided house on wheels given by its designers at Escape Homes. The company makes modern RVs that are narrow enough to stay in their highway lanes yet still outfitted with beguiling full-size appliances.
In the 260-square-foot Escape Traveler model, priced at $65,400, the shower is so wide that you don't have to keep your elbows pinned to your waist to fit inside. In fact, go ahead and open your arms wide.
Some people think small-footprint housing means "they have to punish themselves, but you need space that works for you," says Dan Dobrowolski, who built an eco resort in Wisconsin's Canoe Bay 23 years ago, then founded Escape Home.
With architect Kelly Davis, the company designs and builds rolling homes with jaunty slanted roofs, large windows and frosted-glass bathroom doors.
The main floor's rectangular space has the kitchen against a back wall in the middle. It's bookended by the sofa-and-TV area on one end and the large bathroom - complete with a washer/dryer unit - on the other.
Two elevated platforms, large enough to hold a queen-size mattress, serve as sleeping loft and storage under the vaulted ceiling. Also rising to the top is a band of clerestory windows that draw in natural light and add to the sense of spaciousness.
An Escape Traveler model was parked at Portland State University during the Nov. 6 Build Small, Live Large Summit. Conference goers and passersby could tour four tiny houses, from a tiny house on a trailer to a converted shipping container.
Dobrowolski says his Escape Traveler customers range from single, young people to retirees, who want to spend $300-$350 a month to own a small, self-contained home with modern features and "creature comforts."
Since the Escape Traveler meets the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association's standards, banks and other lenders are willing to finance it, unlike tiny houses on wheels.
Other luxuries that are a surprise in this sleek RV is a full-size fridge and, whirling above, a stylish modern fan. Powering the gadgets is an efficient electrical system that can be plugged into a standard outlet.
A double-size daybed on the main floor folds up into a couch. Here, you can watch a flat-screen TV. That is, unless you're living off the grid (there are options to support this).
Dobrowolski's Wisconsin factory is building six to eight Escape units simultaneously.
He says the new single-family home - the median size was 2,453 square feet in 2014 - has ballooned to have space for space's sake. In contrast, Dobrowolski says his team follows the philosophy of another Wisconsinite, Frank Lloyd Wright, that form and function are the same.
"When we design, we don't believe in waste," says Dobrowolski.
Also like Wright, they use materials like glass, wood and stone to connect occupants with the outdoors.
Owners can take this modern home on the road or park it somewhere and use it as a second home, studio or guest house.
-- Janet Eastman
jeastman@oregonian.com
503-799-8739
@janeteastman
(Shutterstock)
São Paulo - A Segunda Seção do Superior Tribunal de Justiça (STJ) decidiu que o Fundo de Garantia por Tempo de Serviço (FGTS) deve ser partilhado na separação de casal. A regra vale só para o valor recolhido enquanto durar a união.
O entendimento foi formado a partir da discussão sobre o caso de um casal que utilizou recursos do FGTS para comprar um apartamento. Com a separação, um deles pediu que o valor usado fosse divido igualmente, apesar de a participação de cada um na aquisição do imóvel ter sido diferente.
A maioria da corte seguiu o voto do ministro Luis Felipe Salomão, que defendeu que os valores recebidos pelo trabalhador mensalmente durante a o período do casamento integram o patrimônio comum do casal.
Em seu voto, Salomão deixa claro que o saldo não terá que ser dividido no momento em que o casal assinar os papéis do divórcio. A ideia é que a Caixa Econômica, responsável por gerenciar o Fundo, reserve o montante de cada parte para que, num momento futuro, quando caracterizada as hipóteses legais para o saque, seja possível a retirada do valor.
A relatora do caso, ministra Isabel Gallotti, havia entendido que o saldo não sacado do FGTS tem "natureza personalíssima" e que, a menos que já houvesse sido empregado em um bem comum, não teria que ser compartilhado.
Leia também:
O método do editor-chefe do InfoMoney para economizar (funcionou até quando ele ganhava R$ 1.300/mês)
New documentary ‘Can We Take a Joke' explores how outrage mobs have ruined our ability to recover from tragedies and reduced the genuine assistance victims receive.
“Can We Take A Joke?” explores the outrage culture against comedy on and off college campuses. It should be required viewing by everyone in this country, stat. (Just to be clear, I'm not the type of dude who says “stat,” but the stakes have never been higher.)
The film, which made its world premiere at the Doc NYC Comedy Festival in November, features Jim Norton, Gilbert Godfried, Lisa Lampanelli, and a host of other big-name comics giving their takes on the rise of joke shaming.
Why is it a must? For one, it's hilarious, and two, it shows how our obsession with outrage has moved on from us comedians and is now hurting people like you, who had stable upbringings.
But the real eye-opener here is that the filmmakers had the ingenuous idea of giving comics, the people who actually know how to be funny, a voice in the debate over how comedy should function in 2015.
Comics Deserve Their Say
Think about it. You wouldn't have a conference on redefining surgical procedures and only invite the guys in the waiting room, would you? Of course not. But somehow, this is exactly where we are in comedy in 2015. We're letting the people who know the least about it influence the way it's written and consumed.
Along the way, they also explain that to reverse this God-awful trend we're going to need help from a lot more than college kids.
Enter director Ted Balaker and The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE), who shine a black light on the sleazy practice of claiming offense as a form of social currency. Along the way, they also explain that to reverse this God-awful trend we're going to need help from a lot more than college kids.
That's because although the outrage movement got its diversity wings on campuses, it only began to affect societal behavior when the social media mobs began to form. And form they did, usually after Godfried got done tweeting about a tragedy.
There are so many great comics in this film, but no one's experience illustrates the growth of the outrage industry like Godfried's, who was criticized for telling 9/11 jokes and fired for telling Japanese tsunami jokes. Was one more offensive than the other? I say no, but I'll let you decide.
Post-9/11, he said: “I have to leave early tonight, I have to fly to L.A. I couldn't get a direct flight. I have to make a stop at the Empire State building.”
Post-tsunami, he said: “I was talking to my Japanese real estate agent. I said, “Is there a school in this area?” She said, “Not now. But just wait.”
When Gilbert told the 9/11 joke three weeks after the tragedy at a Friar's Roast of Hugh Hefner, the biggest price he paid was a man in the audience yelling “too soon.” (To his credit, Gilbert said he took the man's comments to mean that he didn't pause long enough between the setup and the punchline.)
No endorsements were lost, no boycotts were threatened, In fact, he actually landed a film role because, to get past the 9/11 joke, he launched into an old street joke called The Aristocrats, which went over so well that it helped inspire a film of the same name.
How Dare You Joke on Twitter
Fast-forward ten years to the Twitter age, and within minutes of Gilbert tweeting a joke, there was a massive campaign underway to have him fired by Aflac. Gilbert attributes this to nothing more than our need to have a “Villain of the Week.” Agree or disagree, the fact remains that he was fired two days after the tweet.
It was grotesque, perverse, and nothing about it was funny. But enough about the new Adam Sandler movie, let's get back to her story.
It was a stunning turnaround, but it was nothing compared to a story in the film about Justine Sacco, who lost her public relations gig while flying from New York to South Africa because of a tweet she posted right before she boarded the plane.
Sacco was finishing a layover at Heathrow Airport when she tweeted, “Going to Africa. Hope I don't get aids. Just kidding. I'm white.” Now, you might argue that, as a PR person, she should know better, but it would be hard to argue that anyone deserved what came next.
At the time she shut off her phone during boarding, Sacco had zero responses from her 170 Twitter followers. By the time she landed 11 hours later, she was the number-one trending topic on Twitter, the subject of a thousand death threats, and she was unemployed, all of which had happened unbeknownst to her.
Her company had caught wind of the scandal and tweeted a condemnation, revealing in the process that Sacco was unreachable because she was still in-flight. This touched off a hashtag called #HasJustineLandedYet that incited so much self-righteous glee that people began showing up to the airport to capture her reaction as she turned on her phone and learned the news.
It was grotesque, perverse, and nothing about it was funny. But enough about the new Adam Sandler movie, let's get back to her story.
Sacco was immediately branded a racist by millions of people who never met her or had any background on her work in support of the African people. She came from a family of racial equality activists and her tweet was an attempt to expose the inequities of being black and white in Africa. But never mind all that, because the Twitter mob saw it as offensive, and there is only one sentencing guideline for the rage police, and that's a firing.
Getting Offended Gives You Power
This, as the filmmakers point out, is where joke-shaming became a problem for all of us. To sort of quote the Beverly Hillbillies, “the next thing you know, old Jed is a racist.”
Why does the Twitter mob live to take jobs from people? Godfried says it gives them the validation that they know better than that week's bad man. But Norton points out the darker truth that getting offended has become a form of currency, as it brings tons of attention, and ultimately helps the “victim” control the narrative of what gets said around them.
But that's the filthy little secret of this film: The more we claim to care about things on social media, the less we seem to be doing to physically help them.
This, the film makes clear, is exactly what's taking place on campuses nowadays. Someone makes a joke that's deemed offensive, a shame campaign ensues, and its participants crush anyone who gets in the way of the mob. There is no point-counterpoint. There is only point-forced apology-resignation. Thus, freedom of speech has gone the way of the Cowboys' playoff chances.
Adam Carolla mentions that the problem with all of this weaponized outrage is that nothing is ever done to help the “victims” once a shame campaign gets its payoff. He's 1,000 percent right. If you don't believe me, ask Cecil the lion's buddies. You think anyone is handing out bulletproof vests to the lions now that we're done trashing that Minnesota dentist?
But that's the filthy little secret of this film: The more we claim to care about things on social media, the less we seem to be doing to physically help them. Remember that conversation we were going to have about race once they fired Don Imus for his “nappy headed hoes” riff? Never happened. The mob got their digital pound of flesh, accepted it as progress and moved on.
How many people joined Michelle Obama in tweeting to “bring back our girls” from Boko Haram, only to move onto the next slactivist cause without any progress being made (Michelle included)?
Millions of Twitter and Facebook users have recently put the French flag on their profile picture. Heck, even the MySpace users are putting it on their white vans. But very little, if anything, is being done to help victims.
That's because in 2015, outrage, concern, and compassion are nothing more than accessories to one's social media avatar. The sooner we realize this, the sooner jokes like the “offensive” ones in this film can go back to being what they were always meant to be: an escape from the horrors and frustrations of everyday life, a way to take the power away from our problems for a few seconds at a time.
Watch this film if you enjoy riotous laughter and support the open exchange of ideas. Avoid it if you think that, deep down, anyone on Twitter gives a flying f#@k about you or your protected class.
Elected officials who sit on the policy board for the Capital Area Metropolitan Planning Organization are scrutinizing development of a proposed commuter rail line between San Antonio and Georgetown now that a vital player has dropped out of the project.
Lone Star Rail District had been seeking to put the proposed $2.4 billion commuter rail line on the existing Union Pacific Corp. freight rail line. Regional UP freight would have been transferred to a new line to be built east of I-35.
In February, UP terminated an agreement with the LSRD that would have been a stepping stone to eventually allowing a commuter rail project to use the freight company's existing lines.
“Over the course of the past six-plus years of meetings, discussions and studies, it has become apparent that the desired track alignments and infrastructure requirements necessary to support the efficient and reliable comingling of freight and commuter passenger rail are unattainable,” wrote Jerry Wilmoth, UP's general manager of network infrastructure.
CAMPO's decisions
On March 21, CAMPO board members peppered LSRD and Texas Department of Transportation officials with questions about how to move forward on the project. The CAMPO board approved reassessing the project and looking at other viable alternatives to bring back for discussion at its June 6 meeting.
Board members also expressed concern about how LSRD has spent $26 million in state and federal funds.
“I'm concerned that we're looking at a boondoggle,” said Cynthia Long, a CAMPO board member and Williamson County commissioner. “We have spent a lot of public money on a lot of public studies and have nothing to show for it.”
LSRD Director Joe Black said most of the money allocated from CAMPO has been spent on consultants because LSRD only has two full-time employees.
Several board members, including Council Member Craig Morgan, who represents Round Rock, wanted to freeze spending until the June 6 meeting.
“Now that UP has withdrawn, I have some major concerns that Lone Star Rail has spent $26 million on consultants, and we have nothing to show for it,” Morgan said.
However, Black said to reassess the project as indicated by the board's March 21 vote would require using the consultants. The motion to freeze spending failed with 9-10 vote.
Moving forward
Black insists UP's termination of the agreement has not fundamentally changed the project despite generating some bad press. The district, which is currently in the middle of an environmental study that could be complete in mid-2018, is continuing work on the project as if nothing happened, he said.
“Public perception-wise [UP's announcement] was a big hit because people immediately assumed we were dead, and the project is never going to happen,” Black said. “We're confident we're going to be able to find a solution.”
Other officials have not been as optimistic. Morgan said he believes the proposed route as it exists is “on its last breath.”
Morgan said he is open to rail and any other forms of regional transportation, “but we have to do it in a way that makes sense to the taxpayer.”
Round Rock Mayor Alan McGraw said he was skeptical of LSRD's viability, but there is still a need for greater regional connectivity.
“There are multiple organizations that could provide the lead for [greater regional connectivity],” he said. “But it's going to take some other funding mechanism and some other regional transportation effort for it to work.”
McGraw said city officials are looking at a variety of regional transportation alternatives, including burgeoning technology, such as autonomous vehicles or pods similar to the urban light transit, or ULTRa, system in London's Heathrow Airport. “We're big proponents of looking at the transportation technology of tomorrow,” he said.
At a meeting April 15, LSRD presented four alternatives to the initial preferred route on the existing UP line. Those alternatives include one proposal to build the rail line parallel to the existing UP line, two proposals to build it along I-35, and a proposal to build it along SH 130.
If using UP's line is deemed the most efficient path forward, the district will look to reopen negotiations with the freight carrier, he said.
UP Media Director Jeff DeGraff said UP will focus on projects aimed at expanding capacity on its current line now that it has terminated its agreement with LSRD. Freight traffic within the Austin-San Antonio corridor has increased 60 percent during the past 10 years, and combining freight and passenger rail traffic was of concern to the company, he said.
“[UP had] some specific concerns we informed Lone Star Rail about early in this process,” DeGraff said. “Ten years later, we've looked at their plans and proposals, and we haven't seen any progress as far as addressing our concerns.”
Bill Bingham, an attorney representing the district, said he thought the concern regarding freight and passenger rail traffic had been sufficiently addressed through the discussions so far.
Bingham said the plan to address UP's capacity concerns included relocating the rail east of I-35 so regional freight could pass through cities without affecting commuter traffic. Local freight, to be delivered from one city to another within the region, would remain on the line west of I-35.
“We have developed a plan that provides them additional capacity to operate their freight operation,” he said. “We really thought we had resolved that question, so we need to discuss that with them to understand how that concern arises.”
LSRD started the environmental study process in October 2014 and began analyzing seven route alignments, including the UP line, in early 2016. Black said UP has a history of changing its mind on projects so LSRD should keep UP options in the analysis, but he did say that the company could be out of the process forever, and if so the use of their lines is no longer be an option.
Additional reporting by Scott Thomas
‘True Detective' finished its first season run on March 9, leaving the door wide open for other A-list stars to headline the show now that Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson have officially closed the book on the mystery of the Yellow King. Find out what an insider told HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY about Season 2 — mainly, whether or not it will star Brad Pitt.
True Detective has been the breakaway TV hit of 2014, and it's pretty much a given that Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson will receive Emmy and/or Golden Globe nods for their performances. Therefore, it's no surprise that Hollywood's best and brightest are dying to star in Season 2 — but will they need to step aside and make room for Brad Pitt?
Brad Pitt: ‘True Detective”s Next Star?
Audiences were no doubt bummed when Matthew broke the news that he and his co-star/best buddy Woody would not be returning for Season 2 — instead, the series will focus on a completely different case, with new detectives — but it does leave the door open for some exciting casting possibilities. And HollywoodLife.com has learned EXCLUSIVELY that one name in particular is standing far above the rest.
[hl_ndn videoid=”25703162″]
[hl_ndn videoid=”25684410″]
“Brad's name has come up many times, it's just a matter of what his other commitments are,” an insider tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “It's the show everyone wants to be on, because the writing and the roles are just so exquisite and complex. Brad has tight relations with HBO — he teamed up with Ryan Murphy last year to produce the HBO movie The Normal Heart. I know everyone would be thrilled to have him onboard.”
So basically, it's all a big “maybe” — but it's good to know that Brad's name is on the short list!
Stars Line Up To Parody ‘True Detective'
Of course, if Brad is unavailable — or if he doesn't fit the show's casting needs — there are many other viable options that could make the show a hit (again). Joel McHale of The Soup and Community already showed the world that he has what it takes to conquer the show's wacky dialogue, and Jimmy Kimmel and Seth Rogen offered up their take on Kimmel Live on March 10.
What do you think, True Detective fans? Would Brad be a good choice for Season 2? Did you have anyone else in mind? Let us know your thoughts in the comments!
— Shaunna Murphy
Follow @ShaunnaLMurphy
More ‘True Detective' News:
If you don't have something nice to say about the Olympics, don't say anything at all. That's pretty much the gist of a new legally binding joinder agreement Boston Mayor Martin Walsh entered into the with the United States Olympic Committee as part of the city's Olympic bid. One part of it forbids certain citizens from voicing or writing (but at least not thinking) critical views of the Games or the city's bid.
“The city, including its employees, officers and representatives, shall not make, publish or communicate to any person, or communicate in any public forum, any comments or statements (written or oral) that reflect unfavorably upon, denigrate or disparage, or are detrimental to the reputation of” the Olympics Games and its respective committees, said a copy of the agreement obtained by the Boston Globe on Wednesday. “The city, including its employees, officers and representatives, shall each promote the Bid Committee, the USOC, the [International Olympic Committee] Bid, U.S. Olympic and Paralympic athletes and hopefuls and the Olympic and Paralympic movement in a positive manner.”
The American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts responded on Twitter that it is “concerned about #freespeech issues involved” in the agreement and says that the organization is “looking into it.”
We're concerned about #freespeech issues involved in Boston's banning city employees from criticizing #Olympics2024, & we're looking into it — ACLU Massachusetts (@ACLU_Mass) January 21, 2015
But should citizens actually be worried about the draconian nature of this new stipulation? Probably not. It seems the mayor's office sees this archaic inclusion in the joinder as more of a formality.
“Mayor Walsh is not looking to limit the free speech of his employees and, as residents of Boston, he fully supports them participating in the community process,” Laura Oggeri, a spokesperson for the mayor, told the Boston Globe. “This was standard boilerplate language for the Joinder Agreement with the USOC that all applicant cities have historically signed.”
In other words, you can freely call it stupid.
Nathan Peterman's stint as Buffalo's top passer didn't last long.
Bills coach Sean McDermott announced Wednesday that Tyrod Taylor will return to his starting quarterback role for Sunday's game against the Kansas City Chiefs.
"It's the right thing for our team," McDermott told reporters. "[Tyrod's] focused on the Chiefs, just like we all are, and he's a pro. He'll be under center this week and I expect him to prepare like he's always prepared and come out and lead this football team.
"It's always about the team, and it will always be about the team with me."
It's not a surprising decision after Peterman threw five interceptions during the first half of last week's 54-24 loss to the Los Angeles Chargers. Taylor played the entire second half in relief of the rookie and generated a pair of touchdown drives, making it clear to Bills fans who should be playing under center.
Taylor was benched a week ago as Buffalo sought inspiration for its fading season. He was never the biggest problem, though, protecting the ball well and extending plays with his feet. Peterman's five picks in two quarters were more than Taylor has tossed all year (3).
"It's been an interesting seven days, but it's the National Football League," said Taylor, who added he continues to have a good relationship with McDermott and the Bills' coaching staff. "This team is still very much capable of making the playoffs."
With their playoff hopes on the line, the Bills (5-5) must wipe away the sting of three straight losses and put their best players on the field against the Chiefs (6-4). Buffalo also has a pair of games left against the Patriots, hostile ground for the likes of Peterman, a fifth-round newbie.
It's crystal clear McDermott and the front office don't see Taylor as the long-term answer, but you have to explain these decisions to the locker room. Good luck selling Peterman to these players -- and this battered fan base -- after what we saw last Sunday.
It's back to Taylor, putting to bed one of the weirdest signal-caller switches we've seen all season.
A fast-growing but volatile voting constituency confronts an unusually stark choice in 2016.
Thanks to Donald Trump – and to a spate of high-profile terrorist attacks on U.S. soil — Muslims in America have become a highly mobilized voting constituency in 2016. But with just 2.5 million eligible voters – and just 1.2 million registered – you might not think their influence would amount to all that much.
But it turns out that the bulk of Muslim voters are concentrated in just thirty congressional districts in Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and Florida – states that are among the most important “toss-up” contests in the battle for the White House and the Senate.
And in the slice-and-dice competition for “niche” voters that frequently defines the modern political campaign even a razor-thin demographic like Muslims could have a significant impact on the election, depending on their voting preference and turn out.
Historically, Muslims, despite their relatively small size, have proven to be a highly volatile and unpredictable voting constituency – more of a “swing” vote than a true voting “bloc.”
For years they voted overwhelmingly for Democratic Party candidates, especially in national elections. But in 2000, they swung sharply behind George W. Bush and the GOP, only to swing sharply away from Republicans after the American invasion of Iraq.
But rather than swinging squarely back to the Democrats, until recently they appeared to be in flux, which only heightens their potential significance.
Normally, without a galvanizing issue, experts say, barely half of Muslim registered voters typically bother to vote at all. But give Muslims a cause to rally around – like being targeted by Trump – and that figure can shoot up to 65-70 per cent.
A turnout on that level could easily translate into tens of thousands of additional Muslim voters in House and Senate races that are sometimes decided by a relative handful. It could also help swing a battleground state like Florida, where Muslims comprise an estimated 180,000 voters.
The unpredictability of the Muslim swing vote has been apparent in recent years. In 2004, polls conducted by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) found that only 44 per cent of Muslims supported George W. Bush, compared to the 72 per cent that had supported him just 4 years earlier. But notwithstanding the Patriot Act, the invasion of Iraq and the global war on terror, some 30 percent of Muslims still refused to align themselves firmly with either party.
In some respects, the Muslim vote is almost as complex as the Latino vote, with divisions based on nationality as well as nativity. There are three distinct groups: South Asian Muslims, primarily Pakistani immigrants; Arab Americans, about 30 per cent of whom identify as Muslims; and a large group of African-Americans who have become converts to Islam.
Overall, Muslims tend to be young, relatively well-educated, upwardly mobile, pro-family, and highly religious voters – in other words, they generally look like Republicans even if they don't overwhelmingly vote that way.
Bush, apparently, was one of the few American presidents to consolidate the Muslim vote decisively. His call for a return to “traditional family values” and his embrace of “compassionate” conservatism struck an especially responsive chord during his first term in office. He also won support by vowing to provide special tax credits to private schools, including religious schools, at a time when Muslims were beginning to build more mosques and educational centers for their children.
Under Obama, the picture has remained surprisingly muddled. Muslims initially cheered the president's promise of a new American attitude toward the Muslim world. But Obama, in deference to mainstream voters, long refused to visit mosques or even to meet with Muslim leaders.
He also sharply escalated an increasingly unpopular war in Afghanistan and did little to bring peace to the Middle East, all the while leaving the Bush-era domestic surveillance apparatus largely in place. As a result, many Muslims haven't flocked to Obama.
Still, thanks to Trump, some Democrats believe Muslim voters are ripe to be picked in 2016. And Clinton's doing her best to exploit that opening. She's created state-level directors dedicated specifically to Muslim outreach. And pro-Democratic Muslim organizations have set a goal of registering one million new voters in an effort to defeat Trump.
Even so, don't expect Muslims to vote as a monolith. Many have the same concerns as the general voter over the state of the U.S. economy and national security and counter-terrorism preparedness. And Clinton is closely associated, even more than Obama, with the State of Israel, whose government most Arab Muslims instinctively view with suspicion.
In 2016, more Muslims will cast ballots than ever before. But whether they'll emerge as a more stable and reliable pro-Democratic constituency remains to be seen.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Norman's daughters: "He had a great life, a wonderful marriage and an enviable career"
Film critic Barry Norman has died aged 83, his family says.
The journalist and former BBC presenter died in his sleep on Friday night.
A statement from his daughters, Samantha and Emma, called him "remarkable", adding: "He had a great life, a wonderful marriage and an enviable career."
Norman hosted BBC One's "Film…" show between 1972 and 1998 - its longest running host - as well as writing for the Daily Mail and the Guardian.
His literary agent described him as "the defining voice of film criticism and insightful interviewing of screen legends from both sides of the camera".
Norman's daughters added: "He leaves behind a family who adore him and a great roster of friends who love him too. We will miss him more than we can say."
Image caption Barry Norman hosted "Film..." on the BBC between 1972 and 1998.
Norman's literary agent, Gordon Wise, said the presenter had been living with lung cancer for a number of years, but that he would be remembered as "one of the true greats" of film.
"It was probably that background as a newspaper journalist, interviewer and features writer that all came together to make him such a gifted film critic," he told BBC News.
"He could not only appreciate the story of the film but all the talents that had gone into making the film. That is what we all remember from the three decades of the Film programme - that he brought you perspectives from every side of the camera."
'A good life'
Tributes have begun flooding in on Twitter, with plenty of references to Norman's pickled onions - a family recipe handed down from his grandmother that he launched as a range in supermarkets in 2007.
Actor and presenter Stephen Fry tweeted a tribute, writing: "Sad to hear of Barry Norman's departure. A film critic and a provider of fine pickled onions. That's a good life."
Presenter Jonathan Ross, who took over "Film..." in 1999, added to the tributes. He tweeted: "Very sad to hear that Barry Norman has left us. A great critic and a lovely, lovely man."
And Claudia Winkleman, who started presenting the same show in 2010, called him "an incredibly kind man and the greatest critic".
'And why not?' - the career of Barry Norman
Image copyright PA
Barry Norman was born in London on 21 August 1933 to film director Leslie Norman and his wife, Elizabeth.
He went to Highgate School in north London, but skipped university, instead beginning his writing career at the Kensington News.
Norman's journalism took him to South Africa to work on two newspapers, but it was when he came back to the UK that his entertainment career took off - becoming showbiz editor at the Daily Mail.
It was during his Fleet Street years that he met his wife Diana - a journalist and the author of best-selling thrillers under her pen name Ariana Franklin - and they wed in 1957.
The couple had two daughters and were married for more than 50 years, until her death in 2011.
Norman became best known as the presenter of the "Film..." programme, which he hosted on BBC One for 26 years, before he left the channel to move to Sky.
His notoriety was solidified when he became a puppet on Spitting Image, which created a catchphrase for him - "And why not?" - that he later adopted himself and which became the title of his autobiography.
He also wrote documentaries on the entertainment industry, wrote columns for the Guardian and the Radio Times, and was the first host of BBC Radio 4's The News Quiz - as well as being a presenter on the Today programme.
BBC director general Tony Hall described Norman as a "first-class presenter and critic".
He added: "Film buffs always found his programmes essential viewing. He dominated broadcasting about films for a generation with wit and great knowledge. He will be greatly missed and our thoughts are with his family and friends."
BBC film critic Mark Kermode described Norman as "the master".
"Watching Barry Norman review films was a pleasure, an education, and an inspiration," he tweeted. "Wit, knowledge and wry enthusiasm."
Comedian Robin Ince also tweeted: "Barry Norman - the creased but alluring portal to Hollywood greats and a lifetime of film fascination."
Image copyright PA Image caption Norman, pictured with his wife and two daughters, was made a CBE in 1998
Get news from the BBC in your inbox, each weekday morning
This article is about the cape. For the emote, see Air Guitar
The music cape is obtained by players who have unlocked all non-holiday music tracks. It is obtained along with the music hood, and can be purchased from Olaf the Bard in Rellekka for 99,000 coins. Along with the purchase of the cape and hood, players will also unlock the Air Guitar emote.
The cape grants unlimited teleports to Falo the Bard. This is especially convenient for players doing master clue scrolls.
In order for players to trim the music cape, players are required to unlock all music tracks, including holiday event tracks. In addition, players are required to complete all the Achievement Diaries. After meeting the requirements, players can right-click on the cape and select the Trim option.
Requirements
A list of all music tracks and locations can be found here.
(The music tracks for Armadyl and Bandos can be unlocked without entering the room, and therefore the levels required for those are not needed.)
The following tracks are not required to unlock the music cape:
Concept art
Pre-release work-in-progress model of the music cape Various music cape designs presented to players for voting
Add a photo to this gallery
Trivia
In this day and age, it is truly not that hard to get laid. Or rather, it shouldn't be. Unfortunately, for far too many men in the world, through some combination of egotism, stupidity, bad text-messaging skills and utter immaturity, they manage to screw it up long before they manage to get it in. I believe we can call these men The Unfuckables. Having been dating now for more than half my life, often to hilarious effect, I have come across many Unfuckables in my time. These are their stories.
Don't pre-emptively tell me you have a small penis. Don't drop the n-bomb during a discussion on the walk back to your place. Don't ever say to me, "Your breasts don't look like the ones in my magazines." Don't call it "my junk" or any pet names when asking me to touch it. In fact, don't ask me to touch it. I know you want me to touch it. I will do so when and if I want to. If we are in a public place, I don't want to. Don't text me on a Tuesday night after midnight "I could totally eat ur puss now if u r interwssetted." I'm not. Don't lick my face. I get flashbacks from Silence of the Lambs. If we are friends on a social networking site, I strongly recommend not joining groups that I can see that identify you as someone looking for anonymous NSA hook-ups. There aren't thick enough condoms in the world for me to dip my toe into that pool. Don't tell me you and your wife have "an arrangement." Unless you can provide a signed, notarized affidavit to that effect, I don't believe you and if you can, see the previous answer. Don't ask me if my friend might be interested in a threesome. I don't care if you and your friend are interested in a threesome. Telling me how hard you are going to fuck me is only hot when we are a) naked and b) on the verge of fucking. In a well-lit bar in front of 10 of our colleagues at a work event, it's presumptuous and gross. Don't keep offering to buy me more alcohol to work the odds when I've indicated a desire to leave. The odds are that I will drink your damn alcohol and still not want to have sex with you. Don't try to guilt me into something. You are not my mother, and you don't have her skills. Don't offer to Saran Wrap my genitals to eat me out because you are scared of disease. You should be. You probably have one, but we both know it's not from eating a lot of pussies. Don't ask if it's okay to fuck me up the ass because you don't have condoms and are "scared" of getting me pregnant. Don't hit on my friend(s) first. Yeah, I saw that. Don't "neg" me. That works on insecure little 20-somethings that think they have something to prove. Me it just annoys and you are not remotely hot/smart/rich/powerful enough to intimidate me into thinking I want you to have sex with me. Don't use a stupid euphemism for fucking. If The Bloodhound Gang used it in a song, it should not be called that if you're trying to actually get laid. Never, ever utter the word or attempt to motorboat.
Justin was paying at the counter of his local dispensary when he says about four masked men - one with a gun - burst through the door, screaming for him to get on the ground. The alleged holdup happened around 10 p.m. Dec. 21 at the Canna Clinic on Ossington Ave. according to Justin, who said police told him not to publish his full name in the interest of his own safety.
On Dec. 21, masked robbers allegedly entered Canna Clinic on Ossington Ave. and cleaned it out of cash and marijuana. ( Bernard Weil/Toronto Star )
About 20 customers and eight staff members flattened themselves to the ground as the robbers cleaned the dispensary out of cash and marijuana, Justin said. “I was petrified,” he said. “Everything was stripped when they were gone.” When the ordeal was over, Justin said he left, assuming staff would call the police. But when he went by Thursday morning, he was surprised to find that wasn't the case.
Article Continued Below
When he asked about the robbery at the counter, he said the staff either claimed they didn't know about a robbery or denied outright that it had happened. After an employee finally admitted that a robbery had taken place, Justin said he asked if they'd called the police. The employee responded, “‘no comment,'” said Justin. So Justin and a friend who does not want to be identified and was with him during the alleged robbery reported the incident to police themselves. Toronto defence lawyer Paul Lewin says that recent police raids on storefront pot dispensaries across Toronto are creating a situation where dispensary operators are left without the police protection they deserve.
Staff answering phones at two Toronto Canna Clinic locations refused to answer questions about the alleged hold up. ( Bernard Weil/Toronto Star )
“It's kind of like we're saying you don't deserve the protection of society because you're involved with a dispensary. That's the effect of it,” Lewin said. In May, Toronto police started cracking down on storefront marijuana dispensaries, raiding 43 shops and laying drug charges against close to 90 people. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, meanwhile, has pledged to introduce legislation in 2017 that will legalize and regulate the sale of marijuana.
Article Continued Below
The Toronto raids continued in August, when a dispensary operated by prominent pot-legalization advocates Marc and Jodie Emery, was shut down. Lewin, whose website says he specializes in “cannabis law,” said these raids are creating a climate of fear that pushes the soon-to-be-legal pot business into dangerous shadows. “With the dispensary crackdown I'm hearing about dispensaries having to go farther underground,” Lewin said. “Now instead of having a storefront they're on the second floor, or they're down a back alley or you have to know someone to get it.” It makes the whole thing less transparent, and less safe, Lewin said. Canna Clinic is part of a chain with locations in Ontario and British Columbia. Staff answering the phones at two Toronto Canna Clinic locations refused to answer The Star's questions about the alleged hold up. Though perhaps the dispensary didn't want police attention after this summer's raids, Justin said he believes staying silent would put other customers at risk. If law enforcement doesn't get involved, he said, what's to stop the robbers from coming back? “What if someone got hurt or something went wrong, who knows?” he said. “This is my neighbourhood, this is my community. I want to feel safe… We're talking guns here.” Toronto Police Services spokeswoman Caroline de Kloet confirmed that Canna Clinic had not reported a robbery Wednesday night, but that someone who said they witnessed one had come forward since. De Kloet said police are still trying to confirm whether or not it had actually taken place. Police said they canvassed Canna Clinic and nearby businesses looking for security footage. In light of the alleged robbery and the store's silence, Justin said he feels as if a regular drug dealer might be safer than the dispensary - ironic, considering safety was one of the reasons he started going to Canna Clinic in the first place. “I don't think I will (go back),” he said. “I don't like that. It gives me bad vibes now.” With files from Jesse Winter
Read more about:
0
The CBS series MacGyver, for which James Wan is an executive producer and directed the pilot, is a reimagining of the classic action-adventure about Angus “Mac” MacGyver (Lucas Till). As part of a clandestine organization within the U.S. government, MacGyver uses his extraordinary talent for unconventional problem-solving on high-risk missions that save lives, and he gets helps from former CIA agent Jack Dalton (George Eads), Director of Operations Patricia Thornton (Sandrine Holt), and computer hacker Riley Davis (Tristin Mays).
During this exclusive interview with Collider, filmmaker James Wan talked about his vision for the MacGyver pilot, wanting to keep the tone of the show fun and light-hearted, the biggest challenges in doing big action for television, and paying homage to the original series. He also talked about how cool it is to have such a highly successful horror franchise with The Conjuring, focusing on developing Aquaman next, and how he'd love to further explore long-term storytelling on television.
Collider: You were going to direct this pilot originally, and then you couldn't because of scheduling, and now you're back on it again.
JAMES WAN: I know! It's crazy how it came back around.
Is this the vision you always had for MacGyver?
WAN: It was a different script that they had back then, when they shot the previous pilot. But in terms of tone, the feel, the emotion and the action, this is the spirit I would have loved to have had, if I had shot it in the first place. And I got a second chance to do so.
Was anything carried over from the first pilot script to what you shot, or is this pilot entirely different?
WAN: It's entirely different. Peter [Lenkov] wrote it from scratch. Really, the only thing that we kept was Lucas [Till] and George [Eads]. And we kept a particular story MacGuffin that drove the plot of the first pilot, which was that our heroes are trying to retrieve this particular chemical weapon. That's basically the catalyst for this crazy fun action-adventure that they get into.
Did the network give you any guidelines for tone or action, or were they pretty hands off?
WAN: We were all pretty much on the same page. I really wanted the tone of this to be fun and to be light-hearted, and I wanted to find humor between the two lead characters. That's exactly what Peter wanted, and that's what the network wanted, as well. We were all in sync, really. That's nice, for a change.
What are the biggest challenges in translating the action you're used to doing in film to a TV series?
WAN: That's really the biggest thing. In the feature world, I have so much money to play with, especially for Fast & Furious 7. The budget on that was almost unlimited. Not that it was, but it felt like it. On a TV show, people have seen what you've done and they go, “We want you to do that, but you have to do it on a TV budget with a TV scheduled.” I shot this in 13 days. I was like, “I don't know how you guys do it!” And they said, “You get way more for the pilot. For the actual show, they'll get a lot less.” That's what makes me really in awe of the people who work in television. I have a new-found respect for what they do and how much they can pull off, in such a tight amount of time. It's different when you're doing HBO or Netflix because they have a schedule and money that's more like traditional feature films, and they look like traditional feature films. But in this particular space, it's not so much. But it was great for someone like myself, who has a background in indie filmmaking. I had to dig way down to find clever ways to make it exciting. I joked that I have to be MacGyver myself.
Because you have more of a budget and more time for the pilot, do you feel guilty that the directors coming after you have to live up to what you did?
WAN: Yeah, I do! I've had later episode directors come up to me and go, “Damn you, James! Now, we have to live up to that with a lot less schedule, days and budget.”
How do you pay homage to the original series while acknowledging the huge changes we've had in technology since then?
WAN: That's the tricky thing. When the original MacGyver came out, technology was nowhere near as advanced as it is today. A lot of the stuff MacGyver was doing was cutting edge, in a lot of ways. But today, we live in a cyber world where everything is about information control and everything is related to the computer IT world. We have to acknowledge that and have a character within the show that deals in that world, but I think that's great. It still makes MacGyver seem like an old school analog hero. So, we have characters that deal with the cyber world, but MacGyver's take on everything is still very analog and practical. I think that's a great contrast with the world that we are in right now. There's still a guy whose approach to everything is very practical and very tangible, and he uses his hands to create things, make things and craft things. That is an art form that has been lost, in the new world that we live in.
As someone who is passionate about filmmaking and such a horror fan yourself, what's it like to have such a successful horror franchise, with The Conjuring, that has also spawned two spin-offs? Is that just ridiculously cool?
WAN: It's stupid cool! It's crazy, stupid cool! I've been very fortunate that I've been a part in helping to create so many horror franchises in the last 10 to 12 years. I feel very lucky for that, and I'm very thankful to the universe for allowing me those opportunities. That's part of the reason why, with Atomic Monster, my production company, we wanted to make Lights Out. We wanted to pay some of that back and give someone like David Sandberg, a young upcoming filmmaker who made a little, short viral movie out of his living room in Sweden, to take Lights Out and turn that into a feature film. I want to do more of that and help upcoming fellow filmmakers, and give them the opportunity that I had when I was starting out, as well. I think it's great. It's a world that I really love. The horror community is one that I'm very thankful for because they're so loyal. Society likes to paint them as outcasts and freaks, but I love these freaks. I love my fellow horror freaks! I'm very thankful for them. They always come out to our movies. They're always there on opening night and opening weekend to support us, and I'm very thankful for them. In the world of the fandom universe, I would say that horror fans are the most loyal and the nicest. We've seen fanboys in the comic book world, and those guys are brutal. They're ruthless! The horror fans are not like that. They're a lot more polite. So, I'm very thankful to them for supporting me all these years. I now have the chance to break out and do other things that I love, and that's not just horror.
And now you're jumping into that comic book world yourself, with Aquaman. You still have some time to work on and develop that, but what has it been like to collaborate with DC's Geoff Johns on that?
WAN: Up until recently, I've just been super busy wrapping up all things The Conjuring 2 related, and then promoting Lights Out. Now that that's out of the way, I can finally focus on everything Aquaman related. It's been good. It's been really creatively diving myself – no pun intended – into the world of Aquaman and taking that on board, and seeing the world that Aquaman is now a part of, with Justice League coming up, and taking that and respecting that world that everyone has collectively created. It's about honoring that world, but also, at the same time, making my own movie, as well. That's very important for me.
Is it fun to be part of what is now a filmmaker collective, all making your own movies, but also keeping them connected?
WAN: Yeah, I think that's great. I'm not a director for hire. I've really only done one director for hire job, and that was Fast and Furious 7. If I don't have a hand in creating it, than I'm not interested. I've been very fortunate, as a filmmaker, that a lot of things that I have created have gone on to be successful, and I take a lot of pride in that. They are giving me a lot of leeway to create and craft my story, and it's been a blast working with Geoff Johns to craft the story and the world, and seeing how it all ties back into what Zack [Snyder] is doing, as well.
In doing the pilot for MacGyver, did it give you a taste of the possibilities of what you could do in television, exploring different genres?
WAN: Yeah, definitely! One of my favorite TV things that I've seen recently is Stranger Things. How can we not love that? It's great! The show is a beautiful love letter to all the ‘80s things that we grew up with. And so, you realize that the TV space is amazing for long-form storytelling. Generally, when you make a feature film, you don't get a chance to tell it long-form, so you have to tell everything in basically two hours. You're lucky if your movie becomes a franchise, and then you get sequels to tell in a longer form. But usually, features are only one-off movies, which is good and bad. It's good because you do want an end where you don't have to worry about what you're going to do until the sequel. But, I do really enjoy the TV space. I think it's a different beast. I would love to be able to explore darker storytelling. Cable TV really allows you to do that. Streaming channels really allow you to do that, as well. I think it would be fun, potentially, for future projects to explore those worlds.
Could you see yourself taking on something where you direct the entire season?
WAN: Yeah, I fantasize about that. That's what Cary Fukunaga did with True Detective. He was the main director for the entire first season. If you can do eight episodes and really set the world, and be a part of writing the story, directing it and producing it, it would be amazing. Believe me, I would love to do either sci-fi or horror in that long-form TV space.
MacGyver airs on Friday nights on CBS.
