Treat ‘yo self (Picture: Alice Sholl)
If you don't shop at Lush already, you'll at least have smelt one of its stores as you've walked past.
Lidl releases a dupe of the £125 GHD straightening brush for just £14.99
Bath bombs, perfumes, hair stuff, soaps, bath bombs in the shape of animals, soaps in the shape of animals – Lush takes just about any cosmetic thing you could be after and creates a natural, handmade version of it before throwing on glitter and rainbows.
If you're a Lush connoisseur and think you own it all already, well, you don't – because I paid a visit to their 2017 product launch, and this is what I found.
Brace yourself for magic.
Groovy Kind of Love bath bomb
Would you look at the colours on that (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Steady on Lush – you've already outdone yourself. A bath bomb, but rainbow? We're sold.
Advertisement
Advertisement
(Yes, the bubbles it creates are rainbow too.)
Scrubee
The only time you'll ever want to bring a stinging animal close to your skin (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Scrubee. Get it? Scrub. Bee. A bee you scrub yourself with.
Not sure how I feel about the word play, but a body butter with honey, bergamot and natural almond scrub sounds good enough to let it go this time.
Flopsy face jelly
It's a carrot-infused face jelly (Picture: Alice Sholl)
If the plot of Donnie Darko was centred around facial softness instead of time travel.
Chocolate Easter Egg soap
It's vegan, too (Picture: Alice Sholl)
It's chocolate-flavoured soap in the shape of a giant egg. What's not to love?
Chocolate lip scrub
Admit it, you're just gonna eat it (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Does what it says on the tin, and I can vouch for the fact it does indeed taste how it promises.
Mum bath bomb
Part of Lush's 2017 Mother's Day collection, if that wasn't obvious (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Nothing says ‘I love you' for Mother's Day like putting ‘MUM' on a bath bomb, in capitals, with a love heart.
The Sicilian lemon, sweet orange and rose scent should help too.
Your Mother Should Know bubble bar
Primary colours – we dig it (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Is it an ABBA reference? Should your mother know?
Not sure, but it's definitely a deliciously-scented bubble bar.
Baa Bar bubble bar
Another play on words, we sense (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Look into this sheep-shaped bubble bar's eyes as you mercilessly dissolve it – to release scents of lavender, clove and soya milk.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Metamorphosis
The glitter's derived from a kind of seaweed so it doesn't damage the environment (Picture: Alice Sholl)
It may look a little gloomy on the outside, but once you drop it into water, it goes through a series of different colours.
Magical.
Several new scents
There's already a pretty hefty collection (Picture: Alice Sholl)
A few new fragrances are being added to Lush's perfume collection including Cardamom Coffee, Amelie Mae and Rentless.
The first is pretty self explanatory but, well, you'll just have to smell the second two yourself.
Chick ‘n' Mix bath bomb
Look at the tiny little bath bomb egg inside it (Picture: Alice Sholl)
The only bath bomb to have seemingly been inspired by the Canadians in South Park.
Who coincidentally must smell like bergamot oil.
Mother Earth bath bomb
Hand for scale (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Named so because it's the biggest bath bomb in existence.
I assume, anyway.
Elsie the Giraffe bubble bar
One for the kids (and us) (Picture: Alice Sholl)
It's a bubble bar. It's reusable. It's shaped like a giraffe. It's made with grapefruit oil. It's on a stick.
Don't cry too much when it finally melts.
101 Salvations shower cream
It's a reference to which Disney film? You've got this (Picture: Alice Sholl)
It may not be the snazziest member of the 2017 Lush family, but for my follow sensitively-skinned creatures out there this gentle olive oil and oatmeal shower cream sounds pretty decent.
Advertisement
Hair Doctor hair treatment
It has Irish moss powder in it (Picture: Alice Sholl)
On-a-stick hair treatment is back in town, with this ‘lil fella for healthy hair as well as one called Marilyn for blondes and Yuge for people who want big, big hair.
Thundersnow bath bomb
Yes, popping candy (Picture: Alice Sholl)
This dramatically-named bath bomb has popping candy, peppermint and cocoa in it.
Yellow Submarine bath bomb
We all live in a… (Picture: Alice Sholl)
Lush has indeed made a Beatles-esque yellow submarine in the form of a bath bomb, presumably just because they can.
Now all you have to do is imagine putting every one of these items in your bath at once.
That's the spirit.
MORE: Lush features gay couples in Valentine's ad and it's super cute
MORE: Bath bombs, face masks and secrets – we went inside the Lush factory and this is what we found
MORE: This woman who got stuck in her bathtub for 30 minutes is proof that coconut oil is highly dangerous
MORE: Beauty vloggers are now putting condoms on their beauty blenders
Advertisement Advertisement
Cochrane Reviews are usually taken as the gold standard in putting the evidence together to check whether a treatment works. But a new Cochrane Review that examines how much the ‘treatment' of putting in street lights prevents injuries and saves lives seems to suffer from some major flaws which could mean the claimed benefits from street lighting are greatly exaggerated.
The Press release claimed that the Review showed that putting in street lights “reduced total crashes by between 32% and 55% and fatal injury crashes by 77%". This was picked up by the Daily Telegraph which reported that Turning off street lights could put motorists at risk, while the Daily Mail headlined with Switching off street lamps 'could triple road deaths'.
The actual review is much more cautious in its conclusions, but perhaps not cautious enough. It points out that the quality of the studies were poor and most were carried out decades ago when road conditions were different, with one even dating from 1948, 61 years ago. The evidence for the reduction in fatalities was 3 studies which looked at roads in which street lights had been installed, and compared the change in the number of fatal crashes during daylight with the change in fatal crashes during darkness: this comparison should mean that any trend over time is taken care of. Before the street lights were installed there had been 32 fatal crashes during daylight and 64 during darkness: after street lights there were 36 during daylight. If the street lights had no effect we would have expected there to be around 64 x 36/32 = 72 fatal crashes in darkness after the street lights were installed, whereas in fact there were only 25: 35% of what would have been expected had street lights been useless. So we might estimate a 65% reduction (the authors estimate a 67% reduction using a slightly different method – where the press release got their 77% reduction is a mystery).
This sounds a substantial reduction, but can we believe it? The authors acknowledge the poor quality of the studies, but appear to ignore two vital problems that make this estimate unreliable. The first is ‘publication bias': if the street lights had had little or no effect, would the authors have gone to the effort of writing up their work and submitting it for publication? We can suspect that only strongly positive studies would have been published, especially decades ago.
The second point is more subtle and involves the concept known as ‘regression-to-the-mean'. Why were these particular roads chosen to have street lights installed? It is extremely likely that these stretches of roads had recently seen high rates of accidents. Accidents follow an erratic random pattern, with runs of highs and lows, and if roads are chosen because of a ‘high-blip', it is likely that such a run of bad luck will come to an end and the accident rates will return to a more average figure. In other words we can expect the rates to improve by chance alone, whether or not street lights were installed. That's why, if we really want to check if some new intervention works, we have to decide at random who gets it and who doesn't.
This means that quoted benefits are likely to be considerable over-estimates, and to its great credit this was pointed out by the Daily Mail. it is a shame that this Review does not seem to have met the usual Cochrane standards, although it is not helped by an over-enthusiastic press release.
Man arrested for touching himself while following Bealls customer, police say
The incident occurred at the Bealls near the Seminole Towne Center in Sanford.
The "lewd and lascivious" act landed Dwight Eddington Jr, of Sanford, in jail for indecent exposure.
A 26-year-old man touched himself in a lustful way as he followed a customer around a Bealls store in Sanford on Friday, according to police.
Around 6 p.m., the store's security guard watched Eddington as he walked around the store, Sanford police reported.
When the guard went to look at surveillance video, he saw that Eddington "had exposed his genitals and continued to touch himself while walking around the store," according to the arrest report.
The guard told police Eddington looked to be following a customer around the store.
Once police arrived at the store, they asked Eddington was he was doing. He denied committing any inappropriate sexual acts.
He told police "that he had an itch and had to expose himself in order to scratch," according to the arrest report.
Eddington has since been released from jail.
twalden@tribune.com, or 407-420-5620
Dexerion Profile Joined May 2010 United States 43 Posts Last Edited: 2011-09-18 01:40:24 #1
If you are with a group, and you get up and your friend holds your seat, that's one thing. However, you didn't pay for a SEAT. Why shouldn't a few of the other people there at the event get an opportunity to sit down?
So here is the big question. Who is the bigger asshole? The person who moves the random item out of the seat and sits down, or the person who is trying to act like they own a seat?
Poll: Is it ok to remove items from a vacant seat at the MLG and sit down?
Yes, they are being extremely rude by claiming something they didn't pay for. (174)
74%
Sometimes, ask ppl around the seat 1st (33)
14%
Never, don't touch other ppls crap, regardless of how rude they are. (28)
12%
235 total votes (174)74%(33)14%(28)12%235 total votes Your vote: Is it ok to remove items from a vacant seat at the MLG and sit down? (Vote): Yes, they are being extremely rude by claiming something they didn't pay for.
(Vote): Sometimes, ask ppl around the seat 1st
(Vote): Never, don't touch other ppls crap, regardless of how rude they are.
So my buddy and I are at MLG Raleigh and we sit down and enjoy a game. Since the games come SO SLOW we get up to enjoy the rest of the festivities. Later, we come back to the main stage area as the game is about to begin only to find somewhere in the neighborhood of 30 to 40% of the seats with cans of Dr. Pepper, backpacks, 1 flip flop, a pack of gum, or some other various object to "save the seat."If you are with a group, and you get up and your friend holds your seat, that's one thing. However, you didn't pay for a SEAT. Why shouldn't a few of the other people there at the event get an opportunity to sit down?So here is the big question. Who is the bigger asshole? The person who moves the random item out of the seat and sits down, or the person who is trying to act like they own a seat?
StyLeD Profile Joined January 2011 United States 2954 Posts #2 Add a poll.
Personally, I think the person who moves the item out of the seat is the bigger asshole. Why? The difference between the seat-holder and the item-mover is that the seat-holder put an effort into keeping that seat while the item-mover put 0 effort in reserving a seat at all. "Even gophers love Starcraft" - Tasteless. || Davichi | IU <3
Haegr9599 Profile Joined April 2011 United States 202 Posts #3 IMO, the person who moves the random item out of the seat. While they dont OWN the seat per se, It's still pretty BM to move it out of the way so you can sit. Kinda a first come first served rule i guess I choose my friends for their good looks, my acquaintances for their good characters, and my enemies for their intellects. A man cannot be too careful in the choice of his enemies
Primal666 Profile Joined November 2010 Slovenia 388 Posts #4 Depends on how strong you are.
Kipsate Profile Blog Joined July 2010 Netherlands 29335 Posts #5 ah damn, I thought this was going to be a continuation of the whole Xeris NASL guy debacle. Writer Xiao8~~
SafeAsCheese Profile Joined June 2011 United States 4924 Posts #6 MLG needs to sell seat tickets if this is an issue
If there is no assigned seating, then taking seats if nobody is there is not an asshole move, unless there is an actual person there, like a guy holding the seat for his girlfriend or something who went to the bathroom.
FryktSkyene Profile Joined December 2010 United States 1173 Posts #7 Both of you. Snitches get stiches
Roe Profile Blog Joined June 2010 Canada 5999 Posts Last Edited: 2011-09-17 21:43:11 #8 The person who moves the item is in the wrong. You paid money to effectively rent the chair for the duration of the event so someone using it would infringe your right. Also depends on the specifics of each event.
icebloom Profile Joined July 2011 Germany 15 Posts #9
That's the good old towel + canvas chair problematic you are facing at every hotel.
IMO the person "reserving" the seat, can be happy that you didnt rob him of his whole stuff, while he left it alone Oh.. you are opening up a can there.That's the good old towel + canvas chair problematic you are facing at every hotel.IMO the person "reserving" the seat, can be happy that you didnt rob him of his whole stuff, while he left it alone
SafeAsCheese Profile Joined June 2011 United States 4924 Posts #10 On September 18 2011 06:42 Roe wrote:
The person who moves the item is in the wrong. You paid money to effectively rent the chair for the duration of the event so someone using it would infringe your right. Also depends on the specifics of each event.
You pay to get in, not for a chair. You pay to get in, not for a chair.
GertHeart Profile Blog Joined February 2011 United States 623 Posts #11 On September 18 2011 06:41 SafeAsCheese wrote:
MLG needs to sell seat tickets if this is an issue
If there is no assigned seating, then taking seats if nobody is there is not an asshole move, unless there is an actual person there, like a guy holding the seat for his girlfriend or something who went to the bathroom.
This is an okay idea, sell the front 20-50 seats for 20 bucks a seat This is an okay idea, sell the front 20-50 seats for 20 bucks a seat He who conquers the past rules the future, He who conquers the future rules the past. - C&C Red Alert
DarkPlasmaBall Profile Blog Joined March 2010 United States 37872 Posts Last Edited: 2011-09-17 21:52:52 #12 On September 18 2011 06:42 Roe wrote:
The person who moves the item is in the wrong. You paid money to effectively rent the chair for the duration of the event so someone using it would infringe your right. Also depends on the specifics of each event.
To be fair, no you didn't. You got their first... but you left. So then someone else could have that seat. You didn't pay for that seat. It's not like at a sporting event, where you may specifically buy a ticket for a specific seat, which makes it yours for that event.
Plenty of people stand during MLG. And it would be bullshit if I got there before everyone else and put one little food item across three rows of chairs and shouted "EVERYTHING'S RESERVED!"
Clearly, there needs to be some sort of compromise. You pay to get into the event. You don't pay to get seating. I'm cool with people saving other people's seats if they made a quick run to the bathroom or to get food, but not with inanimate objects lying across entire rows for long periods of time.
Also, if I see an empty chair (or even one with something on it) and I ask the people around that chair, "Is that chair saved?" and no one thinks or knows if it's saved (because the guy who was sitting there before wasn't smart enough to tell his neighbor to save it for two minutes, while he runs to the bathroom), I'm going to take that chair. I asked. No one knew. You gotta at least let your neighbors know to keep an eye on your chair. That's your duty; mine is to ask if your seat is taken. To be fair, no you didn't. You got their first... but you left. So then someone else could have that seat. You didn't pay for that seat. It's not like at a sporting event, where you may specifically buy a ticket for a specific seat, which makes it yours for that event.Plenty of people stand during MLG. And it would be bullshit if I got there before everyone else and put one little food item across three rows of chairs and shouted "EVERYTHING'S RESERVED!"Clearly, there needs to be some sort of compromise. You pay to get into the event. You don't pay to get seating. I'm cool with people saving other people's seats if they made a quick run to the bathroom or to get food, but not with inanimate objects lying across entire rows for long periods of time.Also, if I see an empty chair (or even one with something on it) and I ask the people around that chair, "Is that chair saved?" and no one thinks or knows if it's saved (because the guy who was sitting there before wasn't smart enough to tell his neighbor to save it for two minutes, while he runs to the bathroom), I'm going to take that chair. I asked. No one knew. You gotta at least let your neighbors know to keep an eye on your chair. That's your duty; mine is to ask if your seat is taken.
storm44 Profile Blog Joined July 2010 1271 Posts #13 I don't see anything wrong with moving crap out of the seats if you come back to the seats early to watch the game. I haven't been to an MLG so I don't know the exact details but since you don't pay for the seats themselves everyone should get an opportunity to get a seat, and it should go to the person who is willing to go to the seating section area early not whoever put their pack of gum down.
I_Love_Bacon Profile Blog Joined August 2009 United States 4681 Posts #14 On September 18 2011 06:44 SafeAsCheese wrote:
Show nested quote +
On September 18 2011 06:42 Roe wrote:
The person who moves the item is in the wrong. You paid money to effectively rent the chair for the duration of the event so someone using it would infringe your right. Also depends on the specifics of each event.
You pay to get in, not for a chair. You pay to get in, not for a chair.
Pretty much this. You have a friend hold a seat or two while you're up and going to the bathroom, stretch, or getting something to eat/drink? Ok.
But if you get up and just put something there to hold your seat, I'm moving that without a second thought. Just because you happened to be in the right place at the right time to snag an empty seat doesn't mean you get to keep it all day by putting some random object on it. Pretty much this. You have a friend hold a seat or two while you're up and going to the bathroom, stretch, or getting something to eat/drink? Ok.But if you get up and just put something there to hold your seat, I'm moving that without a second thought. Just because you happened to be in the right place at the right time to snag an empty seat doesn't mean you get to keep it all day by putting some random object on it. " i havent been playin sc2 but i woke up w/ a boner and i really had to pee... and my crisis management and micro was really something to behold. it inspired me to play some games today" -Liquid'Tyler
AiurOG Profile Joined March 2011 United States 76 Posts #15 No, if you have the gall to move someone's things you are the bigger ass. First come first served, and if you dont leave anything behind you've essentially abandoned the seat.
Charger Profile Blog Joined September 2010 United States 2401 Posts #16 What the hell's the difference between having a person save your seat or some object? They both serve the same purpose to let others know the seat is taken. I think the bigger asshole is the person who moves someone's stuff. It's easy to be a Monday morning quarterback.
Maelstrom.cobhc Profile Joined April 2010 United States 126 Posts #17 I don't think it's fair to save a seat when there are so few to begin with. If you want to go enjoy other parts of the event, you have to be willing to sacrifice something that not everyone gets a chance to have. I don't care what you need. I only do it to please me.
Yoshi Kirishima Profile Blog Joined July 2009 United States 9357 Posts #18 On September 18 2011 06:41 StyLeD wrote:
Add a poll.
Personally, I think the person who moves the item out of the seat is the bigger asshole. Why? The difference between the seat-holder and the item-mover is that the seat-holder put an effort into keeping that seat while the item-mover put 0 effort in reserving a seat at all.
doesn't make sense to me, do you mean "the person who puts an item on the seat" is a bigger asshole?
which would make more sense because you say the item-mover puts 0 effort into reserving a seat (you mean item holder i assume) doesn't make sense to me, do you mean "the person who puts an item on the seat" is a bigger asshole?which would make more sense because you say the item-mover puts 0 effort into reserving a seat (you mean item holder i assume) Mid-master streaming MECH ONLY + commentary www.twitch.tv/yoshikirishima +++ "If all-in fails, all-in again."
metbull Profile Joined April 2011 United States 404 Posts #19 Move that jokers crap out of there. Is there a person there "holding" those seats for someone? Doesn't sound like it.
And who's to say that those that left Dr Pepper cans on the seats are even coming back.
To be fair, you got there first... but you left. Then someone else took that seat.....then they left. Only they left their trash behind to potentially "save" their seat.
You didn't purchase the rights to a seat, and neither did they.
You get up and don't have a person there to "save" the seat for you; to bad.
You snooze, you lose. Period.
Dwelf Profile Joined September 2009 Netherlands 346 Posts Last Edited: 2011-09-17 21:55:42 #20 I think the guy that tries to save his seat can be seen as the bigger asshole, because he is in essence claiming something he doesn't own, but that should be available to everyone at the event. But you know it all depends, if it is for a bathroom break then its okayish, if you leave for a longer period then you probably shouldn't.
But since you can't tell that from the seat-saver in place, you should probably just take the seat. And tell the guy that went to the bathroom to next time ask someone to hold the place for him.
The essential point really is:
Why would anyone have the right to even reserve a seat?
k
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next All
Normally when baseball teams announce front office additions or changes, they fly pretty far under the radar unless they're a general manager or president.
For the most part, that's what happened last Thursday when the Phillies announced the hiring of Andy Galdi as the club's director of baseball research and development. The average fan probably overlooked the news, if they even heard it.
If the person hired is not in a position that is publicly seen or heard from often, there's likely not going to be much fanfare. But this move is actually rather significant and signals that the Phillies are backing up the talk — they are committed to a shift in their use of analytics.
What makes the news even bigger is, you have to remember, this is an organization that thumbed their nose at sabermetrics for so long, even earning the 122nd spot out of 122 major four U.S sports teams in ESPN's Great Analytics Rankings last year.
Now, the Phillies have hired somebody who they say "will oversee all baseball analytics, including data visualization and reporting, statistical research, and data infrastructure." Oh, and he spent the past three years with Google as a quantitative analyst for YouTube. That's right, the Philadelphia Phillies hired somebody from Google.
Aside from most recently working at the tech giant, the 30-year-old also started as a baseball operations intern with the Mets before spending two years as a statistical analyst in league operations with the NBA Commissioner's Office. He graduated from the University of North Carolina in Chapel Hill with a double major in business administration and mathematics and then earned his master's degree from Stanford in statistics.
"I'm excited about the fresh ideas that he's going to bring," Phillies GM Matt Klentak told Philly.com. "Baseball is a very traditional industry. It is very much a copycat industry. I'm excited about what somebody coming in from a place like Google, what outside ideas he'll be able to provide and help us."
Phillies ownership partner John Middleton said as he announced Andy MacPhail's hiring that analytics played a large part in their decision to go with him as president. While that was a refreshing change, it's part of a series of moves that have been just as, if not more, important.
There's the creation of PHIL, a new proprietary sabermetrics system the organization invested in that was put into the works before MacPhail and has come online since his hire, and then bringing aboard Klentak, whose solid analytics background has been well documented.
Each move the Phillies make in regard to sabermetrics is critical because as MacPhail admitted himself at his introductory news conference June 29, he doesn't even understand everything when it comes to that.
"I used to make poor Ned Rice in Baltimore come up and explain everything to me," MacPhail said when he was hired. "I would say, 'What about this nonsense?' And he would explain to me that I was old and dumb and needed to understand these things. So nobody has all the tools. You have to hire people to do the things if you don't have that background."
So that's what the Phillies have done. Thursday it was Galdi. Just before that, it was Rice, whom the Phillies hired as an assistant GM at the beginning of January so just like when they were both with the Orioles, he will be able to explain anything MacPhail might need clarified.
It's not just personnel changes and data gathering either. Something as simple as a press release has shown how much the thinking in the organization has shifted.
When the team claimed outfielder Peter Bourjos off waivers from the Cardinals Dec. 2, the Phillies sent out a press release which cited FanGraphs, a site for baseball statistics and analysis, that included more than just your typical batting average, home runs, stolen bases and RBIs. It also included Bourjos' ultimate zone rating, which FanGraphs explains as a stat that "puts a run value to defense, attempting to quantify how many runs a player saved or gave up through their fielding prowess."
Like the entire rebuild that the Phillies are embarking on, it's obviously going to take time until they can enjoy the fruits of their labors in regards to analytics, but every move signifies they're staying the course and reinforcing their commitment to using sabermetrics to improve.
While Galdi's hiring may not bring the attention and praise signing a top free agent that goes on to perform as expected would, or the excitement a series sweep in the middle of a wild card race does, it's another crucial step to help the Phillies improve for the future.
smgross@mcall.com
Twitter @SteveGrossMCall
610-820-6187
Syracuse 69 - Indiana 52
Syracuse broke open an early second half tie with a 25-4 run to blow out Indiana in the Carrier Dome in this Sweet Sixteen Rematch. The guards shined in this one, with Trevor Cooney and Tyler Ennis setting the tone and the Forwards providing the defense and physical play that has become a Syracuse trademark this year. The Orange shook off a back and forth first half, starting the game up 10-0, only to let Indiana take the lead momentarily, before staging the big second half run to put the game away. This was a physical game, as Indiana had two flagrant fouls, including one ejection on a scary fast break foul on Trevor Cooney, and Christmas, Coleman, Keita, Gbinije, and Fair all ended with 4 fouls.
The vaunted 2-3 zone disrupted Indiana's offense all night long, producing tipped passes, steals, and block after block, forcing the Hoosiers into 37% shooting on 15-47 FGs. Indiana had more offense than last March, with Noah Vonleh playing strong inside, and putting up 17 points, including 13 free throws. However, outside the play of Vonleh and a big putback dunk by Troy Williams, Indiana threw up question mark after question mark on the offensive end. The second half of this game was truly fun to watch as a Syracuse fan, and probably extremely painful to watch for the Hoosiers.
Guards - Ennis's Hands and Cooney's Touch
Ennis was the floor leader today, putting up 17 points, 7 rebounds, and 8 assists, with his normal calm demeanor and poise. His hands were terrific, and disrupted the passing lanes as Indiana's guards tried to drive and kick. Ennis is a true point guard and provides the flow on the offensive end, putting together a 6-8 shooting night, including making his only three pointer (although a truly ugly basket off the back rim).
Trevor Cooney is emerging as an emotional leader and the secondary offensive weapon behind CJ Fair, and when he makes shots, the rest of the team gets better looks. Cooney stayed hot from three, and put up 21 points on 5-9 from long range, as well as 4 steals on the defensive end. He also had two big fast break plays, one being an emphatic slam, and the other when he was dangerously fouled by Indiana's Austin Etherington, which effectively sealed the game for the 'Cuse. Cooney was sent flying into the padding at the base of the basket, and Etherington was sent into the locker room. Thankfully, Cooney did not seem to get hurt too badly, and even stayed in the game and finished strong. Cooney's three point shooting was instrumental, as he made shots at the beginning of the game, to end the half, and to blow the game open halfway through the second.
Big, Physical Play
Once again, the Syracuse centers and forwards provided a strong physical presence on the interior, challenging every shot and putting bodies on the floor. While Vonleh did manage to put up a decent game, every shot was contested and he only made 2 FGs. The 7 blocks that show up in the box score for Syracuse don't count the blocks after fouls (4 by my count) and the two aggressive goal-tends by Grant and Christmas on baskets that would have gone in anyway.
Syracuse actually held the edge in rebounds 29-28 over the number one rebounding team in the nation coming into this game. The only problem that plagued the big men tonight was foul trouble, although it didn't have an impact on the score. Foul issues dictate substitution needs, instead of the game flow. The roles for the centers are staying consistent, with Dajuan Coleman providing an offensive boost, Baye Keita providing a defensive backbone and leadership, and Rakeem Christmas showing excellent play on both sides of the ball, only to come back with frustrating play on both sides.
Baye still can't catch a pass, and let two easy ones slip through his hands.
Quiet Forwards
CJ Fair and Jerami Grant were very quiet today. CJ was hounded by Will Sheehey and foul trouble, and Grant seemed lethargic and uninterested at times. Don't take this to mean trouble, as it was more due to the fact that they were not needed to win this one. CJ had another day at the office with 15 points and 4 rebounds to go along with his defensive prowess. He has set our expectations too high, as we know he can put up 15-4 when he is sleeping. He hit a couple deep two pointers, had several good drives, and was a Senior leader on the court, playing much of his time with 4 fouls. Fair still has mental lapses, and can be counted on every game for one silly offensive foul, one palm/double dribble, and one lost ball while backing in. Once he puts these pieces together, he will be as complete of a player as Syracuse has had since You Know Who.
Jerami still provided explosive athleticism, including a big put-back dunk and ball-hawk defense, but he seemed to be in Boeheim's Doghouse, not entering the second half for the first 7 minutes. He seemed indecisive at times offensively, not sure whether to shoot the long two or drive. Grant is a big offensive outlet as the fourth option, and when he is needed he will come up big this year. Once the defense adapted to Cooney and Fair, Ennis was able to find Grant with space, but it didn't necessarily translate into points. Grant will be a big time player down the stretch, and just needs to find his role as the 6th man forward, similar to Kris Joseph in 2010-11.
Other Thoughts
Gbinije plays an interesting role on this team. He is a ball handling guard that doesn't drive enough and hesitates to shoot. He provides a great defensive option up top at 6' 7". Gbinije is the last guy Boeheim trusts off the bench after Grant and Keita, and Boeheim loves to shorten the lineup and move him back to Forward when Grant or CJ get into foul trouble. I like Gbinije's attitude and his toughness, as he is not afraid to give a foul or stare an opponent down.
We had a freshman sighting! Roberson, Patterson, and BJ Johnson all hit the floor with one minute remaining, and promptly... ran the clock out. It's good to know Big B hasn't forgotten about them yet.
The Orange reminded us that they still haven't quite perfected the free throw shooting after a terrific showing in Hawaii. Luckily this wasn't a close game, as they only hit 15-25 for 60%, and everyone who shot a free throw, missed at least one.
Final Takeaway
That's just what Syracuse did to Indiana today: Take this game away. They waited until the Hoosiers thought the game was in reach and ripped it away from them.They took away the ball on the defensive end. They took good shots on the offensive end. This was another fine showing for our Orange, as their 2-3 zone and three point shooting shined on the big stage of ESPN.
Until next time friends. Let's! Go! S! U!
Note that this version of the collection, while the latest available, is far behind being completed. If interest is shown, I will consider making more progress.At 2.78 GB of space taken up by this project, I'd say it's finally getting somewhere.2,550 files.249 folders.Legally hosted and downloaded with Torrent clients.-SkylarkPs: Oh I'm sorry! I should tell you what this thing is exactly, and how to get it! It's an archive of My Little Pony content; primarily premade vectors (PNG format). The purpose of this project is to get a few thousand MLP vectors to you, neatly organized, and all with relative ease.To download this content, you need to first fownload the .zip file here on Deviantart from this page. After you download the file, unzip it with an archival program such as 7-zip (found here: 7-zip.org/ ). (Unless you're using Windows 7 or later, you should be able to right-click the file and unzip it anyway.) One you've unzipped the file, you should see nothing more than a single .torrent file which is very small in size. Keep in mind that this is not the archive, rather it is the "key" that unlocks your download.In order to download the archive using your .torrent file "key" you need to install a torrent program. I personally recommend using U-torrent (found here: www.utorrent.com/ ). If you've gotten a torrent program installed, you need to open the .torrent file with that program. Then select the directory which you wish for the archive to be saved at.As usual torrent sharing politeness, I would ask anyone who downloads the archive to remain and seed the archive for a few days after they've downloaded it. It's not necessary though. I'll just be glad that it's being used.Take note, as well, that if you use U-torrent to download the archive, you have the option to choose "yes" or "no" to each folder in the archive, so if you really want to save space and time you can exclude the OC folder from your download.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DELPHI, Ind. – Indiana State Police, the FBI and Carroll County sheriff's deputies are serving a search warrant Friday in connection with the murders of two Delphi teens.
The warrant is being served at the home of Ronald Logan, the owner of the property where the bodies of 14-year-old Liberty German and 13-year-old Abigail Williams were found.
Logan is being held right now on a probation violation unrelated to the case. Investigators said they were looking for evidence that would link or clear Logan in the girls' deaths. Police said Logan is not considered a suspect at this time.
Logan's attorney, Andrew Achey, issued the following statement:
"I have received several phone calls over the past several days from media outlets concerning Mr. Ronald Logan and his possible involvement in the deaths of the girls in Carroll County. I have known Mr. Logan for several years and have represented him in unrelated legal matters. Stated simply, Mr. Logan had no involvement in this heinous crime. I would like to caution the public to avoid jumping to conclusions before law enforcement has completed the ongoing investigation. Not only does Mr. Logan maintain his innocence but he also encourages anyone with information to call the tip line at (844) 459-5786 or send an email to abbyandlibbytip@cacoshrf.com."
The girls disappeared during a hike on Feb. 13, 2017, prompting a large search effort involving volunteers and several law enforcement agencies. A search team found their bodies a day later, and police said foul play was suspected in their deaths.
Since then, the case has gained national attention, with a national billboard campaign and a reward exceeding $230,000.
Police released two key pieces of evidence in their search for the killer, including a photo and a recording of a man's voice saying, “Down the hill.” Both clues came from Libby German's phone, police said.
Police have received thousands of tips as they try to find the person responsible for killing Abby and Libby, and have served numerous search warrants in connection with the investigation.
Follow the timeline of the case here.
Anyone with information should call the tip line at (844) 459-5786 or send an email to abbyandlibbytip@cacoshrf.com.
The separate system is a form of prison management based on the principle of keeping prisoners in solitary confinement. When first introduced in the early 19th century, the objective of such a prison or "penitentiary" was that of penance by the prisoners through silent reflection upon their crimes and behavior, as much as that of prison security. More commonly however, the term "separate system" is used to refer to a specific type of prison architecture built to support such a system.
Eastern State Penitentiary: Basis for many 19th-century prisons [ edit ]
Eastern State Penitentiary in 1855.
The first prison built according to the separate system was the Eastern State Penitentiary in 1829 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States. Its design was later copied by more than 300 prisons worldwide. Its revolutionary system of incarceration, dubbed the "Pennsylvania System" or separate system, originated and encouraged separation of inmates from one another as a form of rehabilitation.
Common features of a separate system prison include a central hall, with several (from four to eight) radiating wings of prison blocks, separated from the central hall and from each other by large metal bars. While all the prison blocks are visible to the prison staff positioned at the centre, individual cells cannot be seen unless the staff enter individual prison blocks. This is in contrast to the panopticon prisons.
The spaces between the prison blocks and the prison wall are used as exercise yards. When the separate system was first introduced, prisoners were required to be in solitary confinement even during exercise; as a result panopticon-style structures were erected inside these yards, in which a guard post was surrounded by tiny, cell-like, one-person exercise "yards". By the end of the 19th century, these structures were removed in favour of more open—if communal—exercise yards. However, in certain prisons such as Pentonville, in London, even during communal exercise, prisoners were required to wear masks in silent isolation.[1]
Many of these separate system prisons from the 19th century continue to house prisoners to this day; moreover, the separate system continues to influence modern prison architecture.
Other elements [ edit ]
Designers of these penal institutions drew heavily on monastic solitary confinement to both destroy the identity of the inmate (and thus make him easier to control) and to crush the "criminal subculture" that flourished in densely populated prisons.
Prisoners incarcerated in separate system prisons were reduced to numbers, their names, faces, and past histories eliminated. The guards and warders charged with overseeing these prisoners knew neither their names nor their crimes, and were prohibited from speaking to them. Prisoners were hooded upon exiting a cell, and even wore felted shoes to muffle their footsteps. The result was a dumb obedience and a passive disorientation that shattered the "criminal community."[2] The regime extended to the prison chapel, Lincoln Castle, which was used as a gaol in the early Victorian period, in which the prisoners could all see the chaplain, but not each other. It was also used in the prison chapel of Port Arthur, Tasmania, where many convicts were taken upon transport to Australia.
In popular culture [ edit ]
The prison in Alfred Bester's science fiction novel The Stars My Destination uses the separate system.
See also [ edit ]
Similar or related types of imprisonments and prisons include:
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
This auction is set to finish Wed 6 Feb, 8:45 pm. Waitangi Day.
Up for auction is the personalised license plate MAORI
Hei hoko atu ko te pereti raihana nei MAORI
ALL LETTERS, NO NUMBERS, THERE IS ONLY ONE
HE RETA KATOA, KAORE HE NAMA, KOTAHI ANAKE TENEI.
THIS AUCTION IS FOR THE LAWFUL ENTITLEMENT TO THIS PLATE. I.E. THE LEGAL RIGHT TO HAVE THIS PLATE MADE OR REMADE AND PUT ON YOUR VEHICLE AND DRIVEN ON NEW ZEALAND ROADS. (or just held as an investment)
KO TE MAKETEHIA TENEI MEA MO TE MANA A-TURE O TENEI PERETI RAIHANA, ARA, TE MANA KI TE HANGA KI TE HANGA ANO RANEI I TENEI PERETI, ME TE PURU KI RUNGA I TO WAKA KI TE TARAIWA KI RUNGA I NGA RORI O AOTEAROA (koia ranei hei mea whai moni.).
"The public debate in regard to this plate has meant it has become an important symbol of New Zealand and who we are, now & in the future.” A quote from one of the questions asked.
“Na te aro nui a te marea e pa ana ki tenei pereti raihana, te ahua nei he mea tino nui tenei ki aotearoa”. (mea tango mai i tetahi patai)
For more information and exclusive information see www.maoriplate.com www.brucehaliday.com
Mo etahi atu korero, titiro ki tenei www.maoriplate.com www.brucehaliday.com
The asking price for the plate reflects its uniqueness and its relevance to this country and it's people.
E hangai ana te utu o tenei pereti raihana ki tona momo kotahi, me te ahureatanga o te motu katoa.
For information on the personalised plate market see www.maoriplate.com/MAORI/plate_market.html
Mo te makete hokohoko i tenei pereti raihana, titiro ki www.maoriplate.com/MAORI/plate_market.html
For peace of mind see my over 3000 positive feedbacks - Price includes GST
Kia tau ai nga whakaaro titiro ki nga whakahokinga korero pai e 3000 - he GST hoki ki roto i te utu.
www.trademe.co.nz/542320222
There were no answered questions or comments placed on this listing. You must have Javascript enabled to ask and answer questions Your question and answer privileges have been disabled. You must log in to view questions and answers on this listing. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Question submitted Note: You must log in to ask or answer questions posted. We recommend reading questions before you make any purchases. Available only to approved bidders. You must be an authenticated member to ask questions Find out more about becoming authenticated Your account is in debt Your current account balance is You must credit your account to use this feature. Firearms licence #
Firearms licence holder name
First name is required Last name is required
Your current account balance is Please note you will lose your question and answer privileges if your account is in debt for more than 2 weeks. Credit your account I confirm that I am over 18 years old. To prevent your personal details being misused please do not put emails or phone numbers in questions. Failure to comply may result in the suspension of your account. The seller cannot add a Buy Now price once bidding has started.
On Monday, the White Sox lost 1-0, so that makes things fairly uncomplicated — they lost because they didn't score. It happens. Also, they ran into Matt Harvey, and the Mets had reportedly identified a problem with Harvey's mechanics beforehand, so if Harvey's back on track now, well, there's no shame in losing to him. Matt Harvey is an ace, and sometimes aces shut people out.
That's how the White Sox lost their most recent game. Now let's talk about the previous games.
Sunday, the White Sox played the Royals, and the White Sox led the Royals. Here's the win expectancy chart:
When the White Sox bullpen took over, they had a win expectancy of 84%. Saturday, the White Sox played the Royals, and the White Sox led the Royals. Here's the win expectancy chart:
When the White Sox bullpen took over, they had a win expectancy of 97%. Friday, the White Sox played the Royals, and the White Sox led the Royals. Here's the win expectancy chart:
When the White Sox bullpen took over, they had a win expectancy of 86%. If you followed the series, I'm not showing you anything you didn't already realize — there's nothing subtle about a late-inning comeback, much less a few of them. The Royals have grown accustomed to such clutch-ness. As for the White Sox, it was more or less rock bottom for a bullpen unit that has struggled in May after a phenomenal opening month.
To an extent, you could say the White Sox have gone as the bullpen has gone. I don't spend a lot of time focusing on Win Probability Added, or WPA, but I do like using it for relievers, since so much of their value is about context. And, the White Sox started hot. Through the end of April, they were 17-8, and they had baseball's second-highest bullpen WPA. It's not like that was the only thing working; the team had, and has, quality starters. But the bullpen hardly gave opponents anything. It had a WPA nearly two wins better than the average.
May has turned into a very different story. The White Sox's run production is actually up, and the rotation has only somewhat regressed. Yet the team has a monthly record of 10-17, owing to the fact that the bullpen has baseball's lowest WPA since the calendar turned. It's not simply that a strength turned into less of a strength. It's that a strength turned into a crippling weakness, with the May bullpen WPA being nearly four wins worse than the average.
Here's a plot for every team, showing April bullpen WPA and May bullpen WPA. The relationship isn't that tight, because bullpens function semi-randomly, but I've highlighted the White Sox because they still stand out.
Second-best, to first-worst. The White Sox aren't totally alone; Oakland's bullpen WPA dropped 3.2 wins between months. But the White Sox dropped 5.4 wins between months. The Astros improved by 3.1 wins, and the Brewers improved by 2.4 wins, and the White Sox got worse by about that same amount combined. No other bullpen showed that kind of WPA drop between months. No team's rotation showed that kind of WPA drop between months. No team's lineup showed that kind of WPA drop between months. The bullpen has been extremely volatile, and team records are sensitive to that, due to how bullpens pitch with higher leverage.
Of every White Sox reliever to pitch in April, only Jake Petricka and Zach Duke had a negative WPA. Of every White Sox reliever to pitch in May, only Dan Jennings has had a positive WPA. Matt Purke is in second, at an even 0.00. I don't want to be too mean to anyone in particular when an entire unit has failed, but Matt Albers finished May with a WPA of -1.50, which is tied for the lowest mark in baseball for the month if I'm reading this right. We have these statistics called Shutdowns and Meltdowns. Click that if you don't know them! In April, Albers had eight Shutdowns and zero Meltdowns. In May, he's had one Shutdown and six Meltdowns. They've pretty much all been worse, so Albers hasn't been the only villain, but he's been the most villainous, and the White Sox have lost because of it.
When a bullpen fails, everything looks worse. Everyone's more dejected, and that dejection colors perspectives, and fans start asking about the manager. It's arguably the worst way to lose, but if it's any consolation, we actually project the White Sox bullpen to be one of the better ones. And it was just good a month ago, so some of these lousy results can simply be dismissed as unfortunate. Nevertheless, the losses all count, and as Rick Hahn gets looking at rotation candidates like James Shields, he might also consider giving his bullpen a shot in the arm. The bullpen helped get the White Sox off to an outstanding start, but that raised expectations, and for a few weeks they haven't been met. This can be salvaged, but it'll take work in a competitive division. I know these are virtually empty statements but there's an opportunity here, and Hahn can't focus on the rotation alone.
Why did the White Sox suddenly start losing? Mostly because the bullpen gave out. That was made most evident over the weekend, and no team's bullpen is really this bad, at least outside of Cincinnati. As the bullpen regains form, so, too, should the White Sox as a whole. But this does point to an area of potential improvement. There are a few places for the White Sox to add to their depth.
REACH Literacy is raising funds to publish a book filled with photos and vignettes featuring our adult learners. Learners have an immense sense of pride about the obstacles they overcome in learning to read, write and interpret the world around them. The funds raised will allow us to publish a 48 page, black and white, hard cover book filled with inspiring stories and photos of 21 of our adult learners. We will produce a starter run of 500 books, and the funds will help with production, design, layout, registration of the book with ISBN and the Library of Congress.
We have no shortage of adult learners in the United States. Approximately 6% of the adult population is unable to read and write or 13,200,000. This book is a way for us to tell a story of hope, help and the desire to overcome adversity. The largest challenge in working with an audience that doesn't read is communication. We believe that a picture is worth a 1,000 words so why not showcase some of the fantastic people who are making a difference in their lives.
Sixteen year-old forward Thora Rae played in her first international match in Canada's first test match against New Zealand this weekend.
Here is how she and her teammates celebrated the occasion on Instagram:
Game day vs the #blacksticks! Good luck to our young gun @thorarae who's making her International debut today! #fhcwnt #wntwolfpack A photo posted by Canadian Women's FH Team (@fhc_wnt) on Mar 26, 2016 at 2:05pm PDT
Game day vs the #blacksticks! Stoked for another 'rae' to join the #wntwolfpack! Good luck in your 1st cap @thorarae! #fhcwnt A photo posted by Abi Raye (@abiraye15) on Mar 26, 2016 at 2:11pm PDT
Some big milestones this tour starting with a first cap for my roomie @thorarae! So excited to take the field with you! 🇨🇦❤️ A photo posted by Kate Gillis (@kategillis3) on Mar 26, 2016 at 5:31pm PDT
First cap!!🇨🇦 A photo posted by Thora Rae (@thorarae) on Mar 26, 2016 at 10:32pm PDT
Close enough…RayeRae duo hits the turf! Congrats @thorarae on crushing it in your first game for Canada! #fhcwnt #wntwolfpack #teamcanada A photo posted by Abi Raye (@abiraye15) on Mar 27, 2016 at 12:14am PDT
Excited to welcome 3 new members to the #fhcwnt family! Former player & double Olympian, now turned manager Nancy Mollenhauer, our new young gun Thora Rae, and AT Rachelle O'Brien! A photo posted by Canadian Women's FH Team (@fhc_wnt) on Mar 27, 2016 at 12:21am PDT
Park Chan-wook is clearly in a very dark place. His head is bowed, his mood blue. What terrible circumstances could be troubling the South Korean director who masterminded the queasy excesses of Oldboy and the rest of his Vengeance trilogy? Recent incarceration by an unknown malefactor? Is he being hounded by a secret black-market organ-smuggling operation?
In fact, his cat has died, and he's still struggling to cope. "I'd had him for more than 10 years."
Mooka, Park's Russian Blue puss, was just one of the victims of a kitty reaper that stalked the set of his new film, Stoker. Composer Clint Mansell's mog died at the same time. "The only consolation is that it didn't happen during shooting, but during postproduction," says Park. The sumptuous Stoker is his first English-language production, but it's unmistakably his work: adorned everywhere with picturebook flourishes – harvestmen creeping over slim ankles, brushed hair dissolving into cornfields, blood-spattered foliage.
And a domestic void is at its heart, too: Mia Wasikowska stars as India Stoker, an 18-year-old girl mourning the death of her father in a car accident, unlike her mother Evelyn (Nicole Kidman), who seems liberated – especially when her husband's mysterious brother Charlie (Matthew Goode) appears at the funeral. No one with that orange a tan can be trustworthy, and India, with a certain icky fascination, is on the interloper's case. The name Uncle Charlie should ring a bell – another one, played by Joseph Cotton, turned up to upend a household in Alfred Hitchcock's 1943 film Shadow of a Doubt.
Park says he actually had to strip the script – originally written by Prison Break actor Wentworth Miller – of Hitchcock references; he has talked about the British director's influence on his work many times in the past, but he didn't want to tread directly in the legend's deep footsteps. Nor was Park especially inspired by the Nashville locations, or by the idea of making a film about America: the majority of the action takes place on the Stoker estate, from which he tried to expunge anything that would locate it in a particular region. It was the simple confined family drama that interested him, around which he could build his "gothic fairytale", filled with his own personal meanings.
"There's this element I brought into the film, this talk of wine," says Park of a loaded dinner-table scene, "There's a line where Evie appreciates how mature the wine is, and Charlie says: well, you can't compare it to a younger wine, which is too tannic. But we realise later on that he didn't pick the wine for Evie, but for India. When he pushes the wine to India and says: '1994: the year you were born.' And that was the year my daughter was born, so it was a nod to her."
Nicole Kidman and Mia Wasikowska in Stoker. Photograph: Sportsphoto/Allstar
Park made his 2006 romantic-comedy I'm a Cyborg, But That's OK because he wanted his daughter, Seo-woo, to be able to see one of his films – normally filled with vendettas, incest, extreme amateur dentistry and other frivolities. Stoker, down to its bat-winged title, is a step back towards his usual tormented idiom, so what message can its torrid coming-of-age story hold for his kid? Park, sat on the edge of the circle of lamplight, picking over a chocolate muffin, manicured nails tapering to sharp ovals, lets out a little chuckle. "I'm not the kind of director who aims to send a message out. But if you had to twist my arm, it would be: in knowing yourself, you can liberate yourself."
He leads by example. He agrees that he picked a script with identifiable Park traits as a way of cementing his "brand" as he makes a break, in his 50th year, for an international audience. There is something very self-aware and controlled about him in person: in a blue blazer, grey trousers, tortoiseshell glasses, cradling a leather-strapped Leica camera, he couldn't be trying any harder to channel the "classy cult-film dude" look. A former philosophy student heavily involved in the film clubs that sprang up, at the same time as the pro-democracy movements, at South Korean universities in the 80s, Park became a film critic while he was trying to ignite his directorial career. When no one reviewed his debut film, The Moon Is the Sun's Dream, he wrote a notice himself for the university paper under a pseudonym.
He has scary cinephile credentials, according to Hamish McAlpine, the former head of Tartan Films who unearthed Park for western audiences: "He's one of the brightest I've ever met. He's very versed in cinema – of the west, too. He once asked me if I had read a play by JM Barrie, Mary Rose; and I said no, my knowledge of him stopped at Lost Boys. Apparently, Barrie's estate refused Hitchcock the rights to film it. Park asked me if I could get him a copy [of the play]: probably 99.9% of western film scholars don't know about it."
With this depth of knowledge at his fingertips, Park became one of the directors at the forefront of the explosion in Korean cinema in the early noughties, notably with his massive local hit Joint Security Area, which agonised (like so many of the country's films) over the north-south rift. This year, the now-mature Korean industry reaches another waypoint, with three of its top directors making their English-language debuts. As well as Park, there's Kim Jee-woon, who brought Arnold Schwarzenegger and the zeitgeist back on speaking terms with the recent The Last Stand, and Bong Joon-ho, whose comic-book adaptation Snowpiercer, with its multinational cast, is one of the most awaited sci-fi projects of the year.
Park is acting as producer on Snowpiercer – not just for professional reasons, but as part of an obligation to Bong, who is seven years younger, integral to Korean society. "I'm not sure if you understand the importance of the junior-senior relationship in eastern culture," says Bong. "It's not exactly a mentor relationship. We've been friends and acquaintances for many years. He looked for me to finish the film in the right way. He'd often suggest ideas that needed quite a lot of money, not like a normal producer. He is a director as well, so he cannot suppress himself."
It's striking, though, that Park, Bong and Kim have gone down such different routes for their global breakouts, with self-avowed "control freak" Bong steering clear of Hollywood, and Kim (for Lionsgate) and Park (for Fox Searchlight) trying to make accommodation with the studios. All three had to adjust to US-style sets, very different to the Asian system that places all authority in the director. But where Bong kept creative control, and Kim was essentially a hired gun on a star vehicle, only Park had to fight to preserve a personal vision with a studio – which eventually resulted in a 20-minute cut to Stoker to bring it in at a tidy 1hr 38min. "It's just such a different animal from what I've experienced in Korea," he says, "but it's just like how you can't really complain about the weather in the States when you're going over to shoot a film. The Searchlight people had good taste, though. There were some differences of opinion, but at least they didn't make any nonsensical remarks."
Perhaps calmness – not auteur strops – is the key to winning against the corporations. Park has plenty of it, but given the rancorous content of his work, you wonder what lies beneath the unrufflable exterior; McAlpine reckons he only ever opens up "after a few sakés". This composed quality is apparently something the director has always had. His childhood priest (he went to church every Sunday with his mother) told a teenaged Park that he make a good clergyman. "I'm guessing it was because of my manner," says Park, "Or maybe he thought I didn't like women; if he did, he was wrong – I like them so very much. But I couldn't bear the thought of going to a seminary, so that's when I stopped going to church. I realised: I go there as a habit, not because of any real belief."
And so we got Park for the devil's party. The stylised, deranged waltz through his Vengeance trilogy won him many western admirers, and the elegant – if increasingly overheated – Stoker puts him in good running for a lengthy international career (only Ang Lee and John Woo, among Asian directors, have managed it). Spike Lee's Oldboy remake, due later this year, should help. If it doesn't work out, then he has the family motto to fall back on – "Never mind!" – which Park has tried to impart to his daughter. He thought it up as his kiss-off to the obsessive, high-achieving rhetoric favoured by the old military regime: "It's a little more than 'never mind'. It's: if you're trying to do something, if it doesn't happen, don't fuss over it. You need to understand the Korean mindset to fully appreciate it."
Isn't Korea's most high-achieving modern director a bad example on this score? "Really? I don't think I've ever tried to make something happen that I've absolutely had to force. You know how they say: if you can't avoid it, enjoy it. For me, it's the other way around: if I can't enjoy it, I avoid it."
While bitcoin is going through some growing pains right now, that shouldn't deter entrepreneurs from starting a digital currency business. As we detailed recently, many VCs are on the lookout for business partners in the burgeoning space.
One notable hurdle, though, is that regulators are looking closely at what should be done about decentralized money. This means that for even the most intrepid entrepreneurs, fear and uncertainty surrounds planning for the many possible scenarios of legislation that could take shape.
Palo Alto, California-based BlockScore, however, aims to take some of the regulatory issues already at hand and automate them. BlockScore offers an identity verification API that startups can easily implement into a product or service.
Alain Meier, co-founders of Blockscore, explained his company's value:
“We just make it absurdly easy to implement identity verification for anybody.”
Learning from experience
Meier learned firsthand how difficult it is to implement identity verification into a bitcoin-based business. Prior to BlockScore, he was working on a potential bitcoin remittance business.
When it came to verifying identities for anti-money laundering compliance while working on his project, it presented a challenge. He quickly discovered that solutions on the market were “a blast from the past. It seemed like it was all made in the 90s”.
Said Meier:
“Most of these (verification) sites, there's no API docs, there's no pricing information. Just getting pricing is incredibly difficult.”
Because of this experience, BlockScore has built identity verification that aspires to make starting simply, while also plugging in with technologies that startups are currently using.
“We have a very nice standard JSON and RESTful API that people have gotten used to over the past couple of years.”
Many of the incumbent identity verification systems on the market today use antiquated frameworks such as XML or SOAP APIs. Meier described these as “clunky”.
“We make a bunch client libraries for the types of languages startups are using. Ruby, Python, nodeJS. We onboard people usually within the same day,” Meier said.
BlockScore's ID System
Many users will find the company's identity verification similar to, but more simplistic than, other offerings.
The verification system is a two-part product. There is identity verification, then a knowledge-based authentication.
Said Meier:
“Identity verification just makes sure that the information is correct. The knowledge-based authentication asks you questions that are much more difficult to ascertain if you just used someone's stolen information.”
The questions could include what car someone owned during a particular year or in a previous zip code. This is data that is much harder for an identity thief to readily answer during the verification process.
Meier says that bitcoin ATM operators are one of many BlockScore BTC customers.
With so many bitcoin ATMs popping up, it's easy to wonder how these operators are handling compliance. Meier says the feedback has been very good from BTC ATM operators who have been using BlockScore for compliance.
“We've heard some very, very good feedback. Essentially, when they implement our stuff, people just don't need to worry about half of the compliance they had to worry about before. People have been very receptive to that.”
AML Reporting
BlockScore is also working on a system that helps any money transmission business easily complete AML reports. This includes suspicious activity reports (SARs) and currency transaction reports (CTRS), both part of AML requirements.
Businesses file those by going to the government's website and filling out PDF forms. The SARs, for example, can have nearly 100 form fields. BlockScore streamlines this cumbersome process, Meier said:
“Because we're doing identity verification, and we have information about the businesses who sign up with us, we can fill out all but 20 of those 98 fields.”
Subjective information, such as why a transaction is suspicious, is part of the 20 fields that still have to be completed.
“It's an insane reduction in the amount of form fields that they have to fill out, and makes it easier to submit them.”
Meier says that one of his customers is testing BlockScore's new reporting system. That company has been able to reduce the time it takes to submit SARs from over 20 minutes down to 5 minutes.
Not Just Bitcoin Anymore
BlockScore started purely as a company that served businesses operating in the bitcoin space. But, other startups took notice of the company, and now its APIs are being used across different industries. Said Meier:
“We actually started off targeting just bitcoin companies like exchanges, wallets miners, stuff like that. Then, we actually had people finding us on Google.”
The first customer outside of bitcoin was a ridesharing application. That company came to BlockScore asking if it offered service for non-bitcoin companies. Meier said it was logical to help anybody who needed the company's services.
“We changed the branding, and now we are generalized for anyone who needs identity verification. But we do love to help bitcoin companies in particular.”
The media's portrayal of bitcoin hasn't always been favorable. Although the company is now profitable, that hasn't always been helpful for BlockScore's growth. Meier says the company's roots are in bitcoin, so it will always be servicing cryptocurrency customers.
“To be honest, being involved in bitcoin has sort of been a detriment. But we still love bitcoin, so we'll never give that up.”
Check out BlockScore's easy registration and transparent pricing on its website.
About this mod enhances you Skyrim play-though by adding in the fact that no one likes Nazeem. Permissions and credits Author's instructions Well its not that hard to do.... so im not stopping you, File credits Me Bethesda's creation kit, and my crew
Darnell Nugget
Me
and Mr. Nugget Donation Points system This mod is not opted-in to receive Donation Points
This mod enhances you Skyrim play-though by adding in the fact that no one likes Nazeem
Effects
- Guards ignore assaults on Nazeem
- Townsfolk may say insulting things to Nazeem
- You can now marry his wife
- Many of Whiterun's inhabitants have rival relationships with him
- He is a coward now (if not always)
- No bounty for pickpocket or assault
Pretty basic way to change your life in Skyrim
Featured in "PC GAMER"
most annoying characters
http://www.pcgamer.com/pcs-most-annoying-characters/
Polish Translation
Polski Tłumaczenie
http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/64208/?
MUMBAI: As the Western economies continue to remain in deep freeze, more and more foreigners, mostly from the US and Europe are looking at India for jobs, a trend that has seen up to 20 per cent spurt this year, according to head-hunters.
According industry estimates, there are as many as 40,000 expats working in various industries in the country today.
"Hiring of expats has picked up by 15-20 per cent at all levels since last year, mainly on account of India being one of the fastest growing economies offering huge job opportunities," recruitment process outsourcing firm Elixir Consulting manager for International Practices Ratnesh Kumar said.
Increasing number of expats are seeking jobs in the country on account of job cuts in their home countries, coupled with rising outsourcing and high taxes, he said, adding that this is happening more in the US and Europe.
The Indian experience also adds values to the expats' resume, reflecting an individual's ability to adapt and deal with diversity, he explained.
These professionals are mainly being hired in banking and financial services, automobile, pharma and retail sectors, apart from areas, where the domestic industry does not have competency like alternative energy, complex infrastructural sector, etc he said.
"While CXOs are generally offered around $2,50,000 per annum, mid-manager level employees get $80,000-1,25,000 per annum," he said.
The number of foreigners seeking jobs in the country are no longer limited to the middle and senior levels, but is spreading over to beginners as well, he said, adding that at present, there are around 40,000 expats working in the country and the number is still growing.
What is interesting is that these expats are given compensation almost at par with what is being paid in foreign countries.
"Expats, with specialised skillsets, which are not available in the country due to financial or technology constraints such as molecular research, are being offered highly attractive packages," Kumar said.
Companies are also offering attractive leadership positions to experienced expatriates ranging from mid-level managerial roles to departmental heads. However, the attrition rate of expats is around 10 per cent annually mainly due to difficulties in communication and cultural differences, Kumar added.
Echoing similar view, Globalhunt director Sunil Goel said some global companies have their largest centres in the country on one hand, while on the other, many local organisations are also going global."So, the expat hiring is becoming the need of the hour, where foreigner from various parts of the globe are taking up multiple roles and are recruited as experts in sectors like infrastructure, healthcare, power and energy, oil and gas and automotive," he said.According to TeamLease vice-president Rituparna Chakraborty , the country is seeing an increased demand in expats across various industries, especially post the 2008 recession in the developed economies."Professionals from Europe, Southeast Asia and the US mostly are being hired mainly by sectors like travel and tourism, retail, aviation, education and sports, where we see maximum traction," she said.Talking about salary, she said, for most levels it is at par with industry standards, unless they are being brought in for a particular skill, which is niche and is non-existent within the country.
Please do not use for work that disrespects or exploits people or animals. Dark Art is acceptable, just try to be artful about it. Lots of gore and body parts is not art unless your name is Frazetta. You may use this stock for creating prints assuming you actually put some work into it and do not just run it thru a filter or apply a few effects. I do not care where you sell or post your art as long as you show me the work. IF you are going to use it commercially other than your own prints, ie a bookcover, cd cover, sell the art to a greeting card company, then you must contact me first with your proposal. In most cases I will approve the project and will be willing to fill out a release which most publishers require anyway.Art Reference, Figure Studies, Stock. May not be used for Gore, or Sexual images. We support the use of our work by the art student, the traditional artist, for studies, sketch work, developing skills and anatomical studies. Fantasy in the vein of Frazetta, Vallejo, and so on is fine.Use of these images in your work gives the model and my studio the right to include your work in our personal portfolio as examples of work done from our stock and modeling. Please send me a note or a comment on the stock used when you use it with a link back to the stock from your work, and or a link to our stock account. A link to the model if they are listed is also appreciated. Gray Cloak byAll rights reserved © 2013 Dragon's Chyld Studio and Marion Z. Skydancer
Hub Caps for Sale
Hub caps do more than just protect the lug nuts on your wheels, they can add a personalized, decorate touch to your vehicle. You may only want to purchase one individual cap. By using the search box we provide, you can find exactly the right match for your vehicle without spending hours online. If you want a complete set of new caps, you will find a huge selection available.
You may need to replace just one hub cap due to damage or loss. Damage can occur due to age or the material used in manufacturing. Some hub caps can crack and break easily. Even light contact with a curb can cause damage or knock the cap from your wheel. Clip-on style caps are extremely prone to this type of loss. Zip ties are often used to prevent caps from coming off due to impact.
Hub Cap Styles
From simple caps with no decorative accents to designer styles, you can find hub caps that meet your specific needs. Common caps include OEM styles designed by the vehicle manufacturer with a center logo. In addition to choosing different designs you can also find caps in all color ranges to match or contrast your vehicle.
Moon caps add a sleek design to the wheel on your vehicle. This type is extremely shiny and reflective. Full Moon caps cover the entire wheel to the edge of the rim. Baby Moons cover just the center of the wheel.
Spinners and spokes can be used to add a dramatic appearance. Spoked styles can include large width versions or ones that are designed to look just like thin rods. Accent rings can attach to the outer edge of your rim to dress up the look of your wheels. You might even consider caps that look like they are plated in gold.
Hub caps are also available in a non-rotating design. These caps remain in position while the wheel is turning. This style allows advertising messages or artwork to remain visible at any rate of speed. If you are considering high-end hub caps look for ones that bolt on or have a locking function to prevent theft.
We can help you find all types of hub caps for sale. No matter what style you need, including center caps, simply use the search function at the top of this page. You will find access to all varieties of hub caps at the lowest available prices.
Adel Gafaiti was released by Norwich City last Friday after spending four years with the Canaries – I think it`s fair to say that the departure has left a bitter taste in his mouth.
Over the weekend, the Algerian defender apparently used his Twitter account to vent his upset at being released, posting three tweets in which he had a pop at the club and the people who run it. The tweets were seen by another Twitter user @jack_skevington who duly took a screen shot that he re-tweeted – those tweets from Gafaiti were quickly deleted but you can see them for yourself if you check out Jack`s Twitter account.
So, this is what 21 year old Adel posted:
“Had 4 really good years at @NorwichCityFC, learned a lot on and off the pitch, but it`s time to move on and discover something different.”
“Wish nothing but the best to @NorwichCityFC, I feel bad for the fans tho, wish you guys could really know what happens inside this club”
He followed that up with:
“@NorwichCityFc managed by so many bad non football guys that don`t know how to manage the club and their players 1st team and youths included”
Clearly, young Adel was a bit miffed by his release but the content of his texts is interesting.
The departure of David McNally, arguably the last “football person” on the board coupled with the recent appointments of Tom Smith (Delia`s nephew) and Ed Balls don`t exactly fill me with confidence. It seems Adel feels the same way.
Adel has already joined Algerian club MC Oran.
Best of luck son.
OTBC
The Nokia Lumia 1020 just received an update last week that enables RAW Adobe DNG file format support when taking photos. There is a new option that you can select in the Nokia Camera app's settings area. It's not on by default of course, but the new option enables each shot to save a 5 megapixel JPG plus a full resolution 38 megapixel Adobe Digital Negative RAW file. Now before you go turning it on and trying it out, in order to take advantage of the RAW file format, you'll need a good RAW image editor on your PC. Personally, I prefer the Adobe Camera RAW plug-in for Photoshop and Bridge, but Adobe Lightroom will also work. Corel AfterShot Pro may need an update in order to support Nokia's DNG format. The biggest disadvantage to enabling the RAW format is that each DNG file will cost you around 48 Mb of storage space. Yes, that's a pretty huge file size for each picture, so you'll want to use this mode sparingly since you've only got 32 Gb of storage on the Nokia Lumia 1020. Incidentally, the full resolution 38 megapixel JPGs that the Lumia 1020 makes are about 6-12 Mb each, while the 5 megapixel JPGs are about 1Mb in file size. As far as file size and storage space is concerned, shooting RAW images will fill up your storage space about 5 times faster than JPGs. However, there are some advantages to shooting RAW as any digital photographer will tell you. Working with the RAW data from your camera usually gives you much greater flexibility in your digital darkroom when editing colors and exposures. You also have the added benefit of not seeing any lossy JPG artifacts. Here's a 200% zoom screen capture of a 38 megapixel JPG taken of a sunset. Sunsets usually have a pretty wide dynamic range especially if you get some of the landscape within the frame, so this seemed like a good way to test the capabilities of the RAW format. In the JPG above, you can see I used Adobe Camera Raw to brighten the shadows and darken the highlights significantly in order to see if I could pull any more detail out of those areas. You can see in the bright sunlight area, there's a distinctive edge to the tone where the highlights were clipped. We're not getting any more data out of that area. You can also see that the shadow are pretty muddy and around the building's bright blue sign you can clearly make out some ugly JPG compression artifacts. Now take a look at the same shot in the RAW DNG file format! Here we are in Adobe Camera Raw again at a 200% zoom level, and I've pushed the highlights and shadows very heavily. However, you can now make out some of the tree shapes in the shadow area where as the JPG was just mush. Also notice the smoothness of the bright highlight area where the sun is setting. You can even make out windows on the house in the background with more fidelity than the JPG of the same resolution. Another aspect of RAW photos that is important for digital darkroom post processing is the ability to fine tune the white balance and therefore tweak the colors of the image to get them more accurate. The above screenshot is another 200% crop of a full resolution 38 megapixels JPG. This one was taken in a dark room with the Lumia 1020's flash on. One of the things that I really did not like about the Lumia 1020 was its often inaccurate automatic white balance color temperature when shooting with the Xenon flash on. Images would often look great with the LED focus assist light, but then would render with an undesired color cast when the flash went off. After the “Black” firmware update, the automatic white balance with the flash turned on seems to be much more accurate in my initial tests. So, having to adjust the color temperature afterwards is less important, but with RAW support it's much easier. Getting back to the image above, you can see some subtle color temperature tweaks were applied, to get the teeth closer to the desired white values, but you can also see that the color tweak is causing the skin color to go a bit too pink. That's not what we want. Now with the RAW DNG file (again at 200% zoom level), you can see the interface in Adobe Camera RAW is a bit different. Instead of plus or minus values on the temperature slider, we have Kelvin temperature numeric values to choose from. The camera chooses a color temperature value itself in order to display whites as white and then calculate all of the other colors accordingly. With JPGs, you're kind of stuck with whatever calculations the camera made for those colors. With the RAW format, we have access to the real data the camera absorbed and can adjust its color rendering values afterwards in case we didn't like what the camera came up with. Now, you'll notice that the DNG files also have a lot of noise when you're looking at them at 200% zoom levels. You kind of have to expect that with such a dense image sensor at such a small size, however since you've got the RAW data, you can now run your preferred noise reduction software which will probably give you a lot more control than the default noise reduction that might be applied to the JPG in-camera. If you'd like to play with these files yourself, download both the DNG and high resolution JPG here (RAW vs JPG Flash, and RAW vs JPG Landscape).
Conclusion
If you were at all critical of the Nokia Lumia 1020's image quality, the “Black” firmware update probably fixed those issues and the RAW file format support just gave you a lot more control over how the images are processed after being captured. Obviously this is a special feature for Photographers and camera geeks who really want to get the most out of their images. Most people will still be extremely impressed with the regular image quality of the 38 megapixel JPGs that the Nokia Lumia 1020 produces… and most people won't have access to or know how to use RAW image editing applications. While the noise in the RAW image might be an issue if you're printing your photos at 24″ wide at 300 dpi and use a loupe to look at the details, in most cases you're probably going to use that 38 megapixel resolution to down-sample for a specific use which will surely make most of that noise disappear.
Want more Lumia 1020 photography tips? Check out How to take incredible photos with the Nokia Lumia 1020.
Even as they worked out details of how interrogation techniques widely regarded as torture would be used on detainees held at Guantanamo Bay, Pentagon officials sought to keep the blood off Defense Department hands
Before the Pentagon's detainee interrogation policy was finalized in 2002, military officials – both supporters and opponents of the controversial techniques it condoned – concerned themselves primarily with protecting their organizations from scrutiny rather than with preventing the techniques from being instituted in the first place. One senior Pentagon official even recommended removing detainees from the U.S. detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, so that techniques that appeared to violate the U.S. Code of Military Justice could not be attributed to his agency.
On November 4, 2002, Sam McCahon, chief legal adviser to the Defense Department's Criminal Investigation Task Force, raised objections to a legal opinion authored by Lieutenant Colonel Diane Beaver of the Army's Judge Advocate General Corps that greenlighted a number of controversial interrogation tactics. In a memo to CITF Commander Brittain Mallow, McCahon wrote: “Any policy decision to use [techniques that could violate the Constitution's prohibition on cruel and unusual punishment] will be contrary to my recommendation.”
McCahon was particularly concerned about the harshest techniques outlined in the Beaver memo, including waterboarding, cold weather or water exposure, “the use of non-injurious physical contact,” or “scenarios designed to convince the detainee that death or severely painful consequences are imminent for him and/or his family.”
“Nonetheless,” McCahon went on, “if the application of the requested measures is approved, I recommend the following actions to mitigate the adverse impact on the CITF.”
McCahon suggested first that detainees subjected to harsh treatment be interrogated at a facility other than Guantanamo. In addition, though, he recommended that those selected for harsh interrogations “not be a (sic) considered for referral to the Military Commission” in order to “reduce the risk that the more aggressive techniques used against a few detainees [will] be revealed.” His last request was that “CITF personnel should not participate in aggressive techniques… [to] preserve the integrity of our investigations [and] insulate CITF personnel from potential administrative or criminal liability.”
The goal, in other words, was to keep blood off CITF's hands.
McCahon wasn't alone in this thinking. On October 2, 2002, just one month before he sent off his own memo, military and government attorneys – including Beaver – met in Cuba with the official purpose of discussing what they called “counter resistance strategy” with Guantanamo officials. In reality, though, they negotiated the implementation and legality of a series of controversial detainee interrogation tactics that would soon become the official policy of the Department of Defense.
“We may need to curb the harsher operations while ICRC is around,” Beaver told the group, according to minutes of the meeting. “It is better not to expose them to any controversial techniques…. They will be in and out, scrutinizing our operations, unless they are displeased and decide to protest and leave. This would draw a lot of negative attention.”
The ICRC refers to the International Committee of the Red Cross, which monitors the conditions in which detainees at Guantanamo are kept.
Although Beaver, now retired from the military, was strongly of the opinion that the techniques under discussion were legally permissible, her advice echoed concern over the potential for a public relations disaster expressed by military and law enforcement officials who opposed the use of harsh interrogation techniques.
Bernard Barrett, spokesperson for the ICRC in Washington, DC, said leaders of his organization knew that the military was not providing the group access to all prisoners when they began meeting with detainees at Guantanamo Bay in January, 2002.
To maintain access to the detainees and a working relationship with the government, he said, the ICRC doesn't divulge to reporters its findings or deliberations with officials. But, he added, “any attempt [on the part of the government] to mislead us is not conducive” to maintaining a cooperative relationship. He also said the ICRC is confident that the situation was rectified in September 2004 – almost two years after the harsh interrogation regime was first approved by the Pentagon.
Guantanamo officials weren't the only ones hoping to distance themselves and their organizations from the so-called coercive techniques. A May 2008 Department of Justice inspector general audit found that senior officials at the Federal Bureau of Investigation had raised concerns about detainee treatment as early as 2002, instructing FBI agents not to participate in questioning sessions alongside military or CIA interrogators using controversial techniques.
However, the FBI did not require agents to report incidents of abuse until the Abu Ghraib scandal broke in 2004. The inspector general report showed “a failure of leadership on the part of senior FBI officials,” according to Jameel Jaffer, national security director of the American Civil Liberties Union.
The Philosophies and Tactics of War and the DAPL Protestors In our most recent episode, "The Philosophies and Tactics of War and the DAPL Protestors," we examine the recent, alarming events at Standing Rock, North Dakota. Grounding our conversation in Locke's famous warning to all citizens, that if you are not vigilant and on guard against the extraordinary acquisition of power by government, then the day will come when your right to protest, resist, or alter the direction of power may be impossible. We have arrived at that day. There are two elements to Locke's warning. First, the acquisition of sophisticated technology and military instruments by government may make government power so overwhelming that physical and material resistance is impossible. Second, the decision by the government to deploy tactics and strategies of war on citizens will erode and ultimately dissolve the distinction between Citizen and Enemy Combatants. The recent decision by the government to threaten a Siege and denial of resources to protestors, to criminalize other citizens for attempting to supply protestors with food, medicine, and materials, and the FAA creation of a No-Fly Zone over the protest site, effectively demonstrate the government's deployment of Techniques and Strategies of War on Citizens. Siege and No-Fly Zones are both tactics of War. The threat of Siege, the criminalization of support for the protestors, and the creation of the No-Fly Zone effectively means that the government has declared war on its own citizens.
Category: Direct download: Standing_Rock.mp3 Category: -- posted at: 8:29pm PST
​The clash between a Black Lives Matter group and a pro-Trump rally in D.C. over the weekend went a direction that no one on either side saw coming. In a rather remarkable moment highlighted by Now This, the leader of the BLM group was unexpectedly invited to take the stage at the pro-Trump/pro-free speech rally and given the floor for a few minutes. By the end of the talk, the two initially hostile groups ended up cheering alongside each other.
The incident started when the BLM group marched near the stage of the pro-Trump rally. The protesters, some of whom were carrying signs and wearing symbolic slave chains, chanted "Black Lives Matter!" amid boos from the Trump supporters. Though one of the pro-Trump rally organizers first urged the crowd to ignore the protesters, saying, "Don't give them the spotlight. They don't exist," another organizer stepped forward and did something totally unexpected.
"I'm going to let Black Lives Matter come up here while I show them what patriotism is all about, all right?" he announced.
Hank Newsome, leader of Black Lives Matter New York, took the stage, while another organizer announced on the mic that he was going to give the protest group a chance to give their message.
"It's about freedom of speech. It's about celebration," said the Trump rally organizer. "So what we are gonna do is not something you're used to, and we're going to give you two minutes of our platform to put your message out. Now, whether [the crowd disagrees or agrees] with your message is irrelevant — it's the fact that you have the right to have the message."
Members of BLM then took the stage, several holding their fists in the air in the black power gesture, while the leader of the group began speaking.
"I am an American," the BLM leader began. "And the beauty of America is that when you see something broke in your country, you can mobilize to fix it."
The statement was met with some cheers from the crowd.
"So you ask why there's a ‘Black Lives Matter?' Because you can watch a black man die and be choked to death on television, and nothing happened. We need to address that," he said.
In response, some of the people at the rally yelled, "That was a criminal!" and "Shut up!"
"We are not anti-cop!" Newsome insisted.
"Yes you are!" some in the audience replied.
"We are anti-bad cop!" Newsome said. "We say if a cop is bad, he needs to get fired like a bad plumber, like a bad lawyer, like a bad f**king politician!"
A bunch of the people in the audience cheered and clapped at that line.
"We don't want handouts, we don't want anything that is yours," he continued. "We want our God-given right to freedom, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness!"
That line earned loud cheers and applause. Responding to some in the crowd calling "All Lives Matter!" Newsome agreed.
"You are so right, my brother, you are so right. All lives matter, right?" he said. "But when a black life is lost, we get no justice. That is why we say black lives matter. If we really want America great, we do it together."
The pro-Trump crowd loudly applauded in response and broke out into a chant: "USA! USA!"
These Black Lives Matter activists were invited on stage at a pro-Trump rally – and every American needs to hear what they said pic.twitter.com/m69yvgiQtw — NowThis (@nowthisnews) September 19, 2017
After the event, Newsome said, "It kind of restored my faith in some of those people, because when I spoke truths, they agreed."
"I feel like we made progress," he continued. "I feel like two sides that never listen to each other actually made progress today. Did I expect to go on that stage? No. I expected to come down here with my fist in the air in a very militant way, exchange insults, maybe some dirty looks, or who knows what. If not on a grander level, but just person to person, I think we really made some substantial steps, without either side yielding anything."
He continued: "I hope they understand that one of the leaders of the Black Lives Matter movement is a proud American and a Christian, who cares deeply about the country and the people in it, whether they are documented or now. I want them to understand that we are educated, that we apply a strategy, but we come from a place of love. We really are here to help this country move towards a better place, not to destroy it."
H/T TheBlaze, RCP.
The Portland Incubator Experiment (PIE) is in the process of reinventing itself into a true incubator from what has been mostly a cool place for startups and independent freelancers to work together in what felt more like a co-working space. The new PIE is taking applications for the first wave of startups until August 1st and will provide up to $18,000 in seed funding and office space for three months in lovely Portland, Oregon starting on September 1st.
Co-founders will work closely with startups-in-residence, successful alumni, Wieden+Kennedy, thought leaders from some of the world's most successful brands (Target, Coca-Cola, and Nike), and the mentor network. I know a lot of the people who have started companies working out of PIE over the past couple of years, the creative people at Wieden+Kennedy and most of the mentors. I can certainly vouch for it being an amazing group of people who can offer real, tangible advice and inspiration for these new companies joining PIE in September.
I am personally honored to be asked to join PIE as a mentor. One of my favorite things is working with smart people doing interesting and innovating things. It's exciting and energizing to work with founders who are passionate about bringing their ideas and dreams to life in a new startup. I like to think that I can offer something useful by sharing what I've learned in my 16 year career that has included working at Intel and other large companies, startups and as an independent consultant. I also learned so much during my time as a co-founder of Shizzow.
If you have a startup and are looking for a way to kick it into high gear, I really do encourage you to apply before August 1.
Two new studies add to the growing body of evidence that taking extra doses of vitamins can do more harm than good.
A study of vitamin E and selenium use among 35,000 men found that the vitamin users had a slightly higher risk of developing prostate cancer, according to a report published Tuesday in The Journal of the American Medical Association. A separate study of 38,000 women in Iowa found a higher risk of dying during a 19-year period among older women who used multivitamins and other supplements compared with women who did not, according to a new report in The Archives of Internal Medicine.
The findings are the latest in a series of disappointing research results showing that high doses of vitamins are not helpful in warding off disease.
“You go back 15 or 20 years, and there were thoughts that antioxidants of all sorts might be useful,” said Dr. Eric Klein, a Cleveland Clinic physician and national study coordinator for the prostate cancer and vitamin E study. “There really is not any compelling evidence that taking these dietary supplements above and beyond a normal dietary intake is helpful in any way, and this is evidence that it could be harmful.”
The Selenium and vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial, known as the Select trial, was studying whether selenium and vitamin E, either alone or in combination, could lower a man's risk for prostate cancer. It was stopped early in 2008 after a review of the data showed no benefit, although there was a suggestion of increased risk of prostate cancer and diabetes that wasn't statistically significant. The latest data, based on longer-term follow-up of the men in the trial, found that users of vitamin E had a 17 percent higher risk of prostate cancer compared with men who didn't take the vitamin, a level that was statistically significant. There was no increased risk of diabetes.
The dose being studied in the Select trial was 200 micrograms of selenium and 400 international units of vitamin E. By comparison, most multivitamins contain about 50 micrograms of selenium and 30 to 200 international units of vitamin E.
Among the women in the Iowa study, about 63 percent used supplements at the start of the study, but that number had grown to 85 percent by 2004. Use of multivitamins, vitamin B6, folic acid, iron, magnesium, zinc and copper were all associated with increased risk of death. The findings translate to a 2.4 percent increase in absolute risk for multivitamin users, a 4 percent increase associated with vitamin B6, a 5.9 percent increase for folic acid, and increases of 3 to 4 percent in risk for those taking supplements of iron, folic acid, magnesium and zinc.
“Based on existing evidence, we see little justification for the general and widespread use of dietary supplements,” the authors wrote.
Everyone needs vitamins, which are essential nutrients that the body can't produce on its own. But in the past few years, several high-quality studies have failed to show that high doses of vitamins, at least in pill form, help prevent chronic disease or prolong life.
A January 2009 editorial in The Journal of the National Cancer Institute noted that most studies of vitamins had shown no cancer benefits, but some had shown unexpected harms. Two studies of beta carotene found higher lung cancer rates, and another study suggested a higher risk of precancerous polyps among users of folic acid compared with those in a placebo group.
In 2007, The Journal of the American Medical Association reviewed mortality rates in randomized trials of antioxidant supplements. In 47 trials involving 181,000 participants, the rate of dying was 5 percent higher among the antioxidant users. The main culprits were vitamin A, beta carotene and vitamin E; vitamin C and selenium seemed to have no meaningful effect.
The USS Detroit is expected to arrive in its namesake city sometime Friday, docking by the GM Renaissance Center for a week of activities leading up to the commissioning event for the new $440 million vessel.
Up to 4,000 people are expected for the commissioning ceremony at 11 a.m. Oct. 22. on the riverwalk, which will formally mark the U.S. Navy's acceptance of the USS Detroit, estimated to cost $360 million, into the fleet and the point at which the vessel's captain takes official command.
All tickets for the commissioning ceremony have been reserved, event organizers said.
The 378-foot, 3,500-ton monohull Freedom-class vessel was built by the Marinette Marine Corp. shipyard on the Menominee River in Marinette, Wis. Former U.S. Sen. Carl Levin's wife, Barbara, broke a bottle of champagne across the bow to formally christen the ship on Oct. 18, 2014. Construction began in November 2012, and the Navy formally took possession of the ship in August.
The local chapter of the nonprofit Navy League of the United States aims to raise $450,000 to pay for the weeklong series of receptions, luncheons and tours that culminate with the Oct. 22 ceremony. Corporate donations are sought because federal law forbids the Navy to fund the public events before and after the commissioning ceremony.
Once the Detroit is commissioned, it will begin a four-day port call across the river in Windsor beginning Oct. 24. Eventually, it will join the U.S. Pacific Fleet based in San Diego. However, it is expected to be forward-deployed out of Singapore between the Pacific and Indian oceans at the southern tip of Malaysia — always a potential hot spot because a significant portion of the world's oil moves through the straits.
The ship, with a crew of about 50, is a shallow-draft Freedom class littoral combat ship designed for fighting or operations near shore (known as the littoral in geographic nomenclature), and other missions such as antisubmarine warfare, mine sweeping, landing small groups of Marines or commandos, surface warfare and humanitarian work. The relatively lightly armed vessel is equipped with a 57mm deck gun, complemented by a pair of 30mm cannons and an array of missiles.
The USS Detroit was part of a contract awarded in 2004 to a consortium led by Bethesda, Md.-based Lockheed Martin Corp., a minority owner in Marinette (which is majority owned by Fincantieri-Cantieri Navali Italiani S.p.A., which builds many of the world's cruise ships).
The Detroit was designed by Arlington, Va.-based naval architect Gibbs & Cox Inc.
For more details visit ussdetroitlcs7.com or facebook.com/ussdetroitlcs7.
Residents along a disused Vancouver Island rail spur may have been justifiably spooked by the sudden appearance of a weapons train loaded down with U.S. ballistic missiles several days ago — although the train was nothing more than a movie prop for a big-budget reboot of Godzilla.
“Yes, those are large US Ballistic Missiles headed for CFB Nanoose,” read a March 21 email being passed around in Victoria by an aloof bystander, alongside a photo of backed-up highway traffic waiting for the train to pass.
By “CFB Nanoose,” the author is referring to Canadian Forces Maritime Experimental and Test Ranges, a military facility located at nearby Nanoose Bay used for testing unarmed torpedoes.
Nevertheless, despite the missile's “USAF” markings and faux armed escort, the missiles were simply set pieces for the first shots of the film, which stars Aaron Johnson and is set for release in May, 2014.
The missile train first poked its head into the Vancouver area on St. Patrick's Day, where its arrival was documented by train spotters before it was loaded on a barge for Vancouver Island.
“As you can imagine these missiles turned lots of heads on its short journey,” wrote photographer Christian Vazzaz in a recent post to RailPictures.net.
The train in question ran along the E&N Railway, a Vancouver Island rail spur that has been closed since 2011. Use of the semi-abandoned rail line was reportedly a major draw to the island, as was the “industrial” look of Nanaimo, B.C.
A writer for the blog YVRShoots.com captured images of the set, including olive-green Humvees, dozens of armed, uniformed U.S. soldiers, a crashed helicopter and burned-out cars. More than 300 crewmembers converged on Nanaimo for the shoot.
Although residents were given ample advance notice of the production, the same may not be said for passing drivers who happened to sneak a peek at the train.
A YouTube video posted on March 28 shows the passing train interrupting a backyard gathering.
Godzilla is the second U.S.-made reboot of the franchise, after 1998's Godzilla.
While there were other fantasy-based games out there, most of them involved warriors fighting monsters similar to what one would see in Dungeons and Dragons. With King's Quest, the entire storyline was based off of fairy tales, and it was nonviolent.
As a result of its fairy tale-based story, its ease of use, and the fact that it allowed minimal reading skills to use, the legacy of King's Quest I include its role as one of the very first computer games that got picked up by elementary school kids and adults alike.
The game's popularity alone gave creators of the game the green light for sequel after sequel where the newly crowned King Graham of Daventry went out to seek his queen. As each game was released, more lore was added to the mix and its fanbase continued to grow.
By the time that King's Quest VII rolled around, King Graham's entire family had gone on at least one adventure each. Queen Valanice had ventured through multiple strange worlds and faced a troll king to rescue her daughter, Princess Rosella.
Meanwhile, Graham's son, Alexander, followed in his father's footsteps to rescue the beautifully exotic princess Cassima of the Emerald Isles - and later marry her. Graham himself starred in several more adventures, including one where he rescued the rest of his family from the grasp of the evil wizard Manannan.
With every single game, new characters and kingdoms were introduced, each one with its own flavor. For example, the Green Isles all had unique fairy tale themes to them, including an island that had a retelling of the old story of Beauty and the Beast going on. On the other hand, Ooga Booga Land was literally a country that was completely Halloween-themed and filled with monsters, ghosts, and a mortician named Mort Cadaver.
Simply put, the KQ Universe was one meant to be easy to get lost in... and we mean that in the best way possible.
Did a focus on local life leave Neanderthals perilously isolated? (Image: Elisabeth Daynes/SPL)
The idea of human as networker is fast replacing the idea of human as toolmaker in the story of the human brain, claim two new books on our evolution
“HELL is other people,” goes Jean-Paul Sartre's famous line. It is a hell that may have created us and our culture, judging by two new books. They show that the idea that we are defined by our struggles to deal with our fellow humans is shaking up archaeology and how we think about the key force driving human evolution.
The first book is Thinking Big by archaeologists Clive Gamble and John Gowlett and evolutionary psychologist Robin Dunbar. It is the story of a seven-year project – From Lucy to Language – that confronted archaeologists with the social brain hypothesis of human evolution.
The result is a dramatic demolition of the “stones and bones” approach to archaeology, which keeps researchers firmly fixed only on the physical evidence they dig up, and a move towards a grand look at the evolving human mind. There is “more to humanity than the bits of chipped bone”, write the authors as they seek a framework for all human psychological traits, from kinship and laughter to language and ceremony. Old dogma is derided as never moving beyond “WYSWTW” (What You See is What There Was).
The second book is a solo effort by Dunbar, the key thinker behind the social brain hypothesis. In Human Evolution, he lays out the big ideas that the archaeologists later took up. At its heart is the observation that as brains grew bigger, so did the groups we live in: bigger brains were built for and by social life. Modern humans have a cognitive limit of about 150 friends and family (the well-known “Dunbar's number”). Within that circle are an average of five “intimates”, 15 best friends and 50 good friends. Chimps have an average community size of 55.
“Modern humans have a cognitive limit of about 150 friends and family. For chimps it is 55”
Studies of living, non-human primates show why you might need bigger brains to live in bigger groups. The more others are around, the more likely you are to be bullied out of a juicy food patch or a safe sleeping site. Such stress can be hell, especially for low-ranking females, who can be driven into infertility. To cope, primates create cliques of allies which they sustain through the pleasurable endorphin rush induced by regular mutual grooming. This solution fails if groups grow bigger, for there is not enough time for one-on-one attention. Bigger brains are key to developing smarter ways of dealing with others, the theory goes.
For Dunbar, these included laughter and singing, both great endorphin-releasers within groups. There was also fire, which gave light so evenings could be used for cooking and more “social grooming”. Then came language, together with a growing ability to read others' intentions, which ultimately made it possible to tell stories, maintain far-flung relationships and use religion to bind communities.
The Thinking Big archaeologists take from Dunbar the grand hypothesis that social life drives human change, switching from a view of “man the toolmaker” to “man the networker”. Alongside that, the proven relationship between brain size, group size and mental skills makes it possible to estimate the size of groups our ancestors lived in and their capacity to interact with others.
A fresh look at the Neanderthals is telling. They dominated Europe for 250,000 years, much longer than modern humans. They were skilled hunters, toolmakers and had mastered fire. Their brain size suggests they lived in groups of about 110 and had the cognitive skills to understand the feelings of others. That fits well with archaeological evidence that older and disabled Neanderthals were cared for: they perhaps knew compassion.
So why did they vanish so fast during a time of changing climate, when modern humans prospered? It may be that their mental skills were not quite adequate to maintain relationships beyond immediate group members, something we can do easily. That may have been crucial to our success: in hard times, bigger networks can mean gaining help from distant friends who are still doing well, and who you'll help in turn. Without that “social storage” of resources, local extinction may loom. Archaeological evidence again tallies with the social brain theory: one study shows that 70 per cent of the raw materials of Neanderthal tools travelled less than 25 kilometres, while 60 per cent of those of contemporaneous humans had travelled more than 25 kilometres.
The two books fit well together but are very different. Thinking Big inspires, but much wonderful research is passed over too briefly amid general argument. An exception is a story from Beeches Pit, a 400,000-year-old site in the east of England. Archaeologists there painstakingly reassembled the flint flakes struck from a rock in the process of making a hand axe. Two flakes were found burnt bright red; they had fallen into a fire just in front of the axe-maker. We can almost see our ancestors working around what must have been a communal fire, for no one person could have gathered enough wood to keep it burning.
“We can almost see our distant ancestors working around what must have been a communal fire”
Dunbar's solo work, Human Evolution, however, is a must-read. It has the great strength of showing you the inner workings of an imaginative mind, while allowing you the freedom to think, and even to disagree about whether that hellish social pressure really has given us our distinct cognitive design, along with science and the arts.
Thinking Big: How the evolution of social life shaped the human mind Clive Gamble, John Gowlett and Robin Dunbar Thames & Hudson
Human Evolution: A Pelican introduction Robin Dunbar Pelican Books
This article appeared in print under the headline “Beyond bones and stones”
Horizon explores the differing opinions on video games. They frequently stand accused of causing violence and addiction in young people - but is there truth in the claim?
The video game industry is a global phenomenon. There are over 1.2 billion gamers across the planet, with sales projected soon to pass $100 billion per year. But their very popularity fuels the controversy that surrounds them. They frequently stand accused of corrupting the young - of causing violence and addiction. But is this true?
Horizon reveals a scientific community deeply divided. Some are convinced that video games incite aggression. Others insist they have no effect whatsoever on real-world violence. But away from the controversy, there is a growing body of evidence that suggests video games may help keep the brain sharp, and could soon revolutionise how we combat mental decline as we age.
By TIM FONTENAULT
With Queens Park Rangers back in the Premier League, Harry Redknapp wants to celebrate with a family reunion from his West Ham days. On the invitation list: Toronto FC forward Jermain Defoe.
The 31-year-old striker, who joined the Canadian MLS side in the winter, could join the Hoops on loan at the conclusion of the 2014 season.
Redknapp, who managed Defoe at West Ham from 1999 to 2004, would also like to bring in two other former Hammers: Manchester United center back Rio Ferdinand and Chelsea midfielder Frank Lampard.
However, the report suggests that QPR owner Tony Fernandes has blocked the pursuit of Ferdinand, while Lampard has no less than 20 suitors, reportedly including 2015 MLS expansion side New York City FC.
Here are some more MLS notes from Tuesday:
VIKINGS' OWNERS TAKE BIG STEP IN MLS APPROACH
The owners of the National Football League's Minnesota Vikings are expected to announce an alliance with Relevant Sports and their pursuit of a Major League Soccer club on Wednesday.
Relevant Sports is the company that created the International Champions Cup, a summer competition that brings Europe's biggest club teams, including Real Madrid, Chelsea and AC Milan, to the United States. They are also organizing a friendly between Manchester City and Olympiacos on Aug. 2 at TCF Bank Stadium, the home of the University of Minnesota's football team.
News of the Vikings' interest in Major League Soccer is nothing new, as the organization is looking to share their new, $1 billion stadium that is set to open in 2016. However, the news comes only days after Minnesota United FC won the NASL spring season. The Loons have teamed up with the Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball in pursuit of MLS expansion.
VOTERS SPLIT OVER MIAMI WATERFONT STADIUM
David Beckham was in Miami over the weekend to campaign for a waterfront stadium for his MLS expansion franchise, but the English legend still has a lot a work to do if he hopes to make his ideal stadium a reality.
A poll of Miami-Dade County voters suggests that 45 percent of residents are against the stadium to 43 percent in favor, although this is generally considered a tie, given a 4.5 percent margin of error. Voters have generally expressed concern with the effect of the stadium on Museum Park and the surrounding area.
Results of the poll are “a little bit troubling”, according to poll conductor Fernand Amandi, but Beckham and company are planning on working more with the public in the coming weeks.
“Our plan will create a stadium and park that is compatible with Museum Park, protects public access to the waterfront, and further activates and expands Museum Park by 20 percent,” publicist Tadd Schwartz said in a statement. “We look forward to discussing our vision with the public over the coming months.”
ORLANDO CITY TEAMS UP WITH PORTUGUESE GIANTS BENFICA
Orlando City SC, which will begin play in MLS in 2015, has announced a partnership with SL Benfica of the Portuguese Liga.
Among the many benefits provided through the partnership, the two clubs will share evaluations of professional and youth players, set up friendlies against each other in Portugal and the United States and allow for players from either club to train with the other.
“This agreement represents a partnership with a new MLS club with large ambitions led by a widely respected entrepreneur in Flavio Agusto,” SL Benfica President Luis Filipe Vieira said in the release. “It's also important to note that the agreement is not limited only to football. It also involves a social and educational aspect by enabling high-performance athletes to access scholarships in the U.S. market and the reconciliation of competitive sports with a high quality education level.”
—
Should Defoe spend his offseason in England? Who would you like to see bring MLS to Minnesota? How do you feel about the Orlando City-Benfica partnership?
Share your thoughts below.
It didn't come as a surprise when the Indianapolis Colts announced they would part ways with Dwight Freeney. The defensive end is on the backside of his career and didn't fit into his new role as a 3-4 outside linebacker.
Still, the seven-time Pro Bowler expected something different.
"I'll be honest with you, I was surprised the way it happened," Freeney told The Indianapolis Star's Mike Chappell on Wednesday. "I figured they would offer me something low and I would just accept it, go the last few years and retire a Colt and that would be it.
"That didn't happen."
The Colts informed Freeney last week that they would not re-sign their all-time sack leader. Owner Jim Irsay, general manager Ryan Grigson and coach Chuck Pagano broke the news via a conference call with Freeney out of town.
"I won't say there's bitterness because I understand the business side of it," Freeney said. "Jim took a chance on me and I have to be grateful for that. I've had a long career in Indy, longer than most people in one place.
"I just thought they would offer me something, but they didn't. So I guess I'm a little disappointed."
Offseason Forecast: Colts Around The League examines what's next for all 32 NFL teams. Kareem Copeland covers the More ...
Around The League examines what's next for all 32 NFL teams. Kareem Copeland covers the Colts
Freeney said other teams have shown interest and former teammate and Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning has whispered in his ear. He'll be on a 2013 NFL roster, but this is part of the Colts' transformation. The only major pieces remaining from the most successful run in franchise history in 2009 are Robert Mathis, Reggie Wayne, Antoine Bethea and Adam Vinatieri.
Grigson has made it clear that he won't let sentiment hinder him from remolding the roster for future success.
Follow Kareem Copeland on Twitter @kareemcopeland.
When you own a car like the 2015 Chevrolet Corvette Stingray, handing your keys over to the valet will undoubtedly make you a little bit nervous. Just think about this scene from the 1986 movie Ferris Bueller's Day Off and you get the idea.
To help curb some of that nervousness, General Motors came up with an ingenious setting for the Corvette, called Valet Mode, and now the 2015 Corvette gets an available improved Valet Mode that will let owners record video, audio, and telemetry data while the car is out of their hands.
“Think of it as a baby monitor for your car,” said Harlan Charles, Corvette product manager, in a statement. “Anyone who has felt apprehension about handing over their keys will appreciate the peace of mind of knowing exactly what happened while their baby was out of sight.”
The improved Valet Mode is available as part of package that includes a navigation system and the Performance Data Recorder, which allows drivers to record their days out on the track.
Would having an improved Valet Mode in your 2015 Corvette make you feel more comfortable leaving it in the hands of the valet?
Arguably, the only reason they haven't already failed is that the government is acting as a backstop, implicitly guaranteeing their obligations. But they're zombie banks, unable to supply the credit the economy needs.
To end their zombiehood the banks need more capital. But they can't raise more capital from private investors. So the government has to supply the necessary funds.
But here's the thing: the funds needed to bring these banks fully back to life would greatly exceed what they're currently worth. Citi and BofA have a combined market value of less than $30 billion, and even that value is mainly if not entirely based on the hope that stockholders will get a piece of a government handout. And if it's basically putting up all the money, the government should get ownership in return.
Photo
Still, isn't nationalization un-American? No, it's as American as apple pie.
Lately the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has been seizing banks it deems insolvent at the rate of about two a week. When the F.D.I.C. seizes a bank, it takes over the bank's bad assets, pays off some of its debt, and resells the cleaned-up institution to private investors. And that's exactly what advocates of temporary nationalization want to see happen, not just to the small banks the F.D.I.C. has been seizing, but to major banks that are similarly insolvent.
The real question is why the Obama administration keeps coming up with proposals that sound like possible alternatives to nationalization, but turn out to involve huge handouts to bank stockholders.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For example, the administration initially floated the idea of offering banks guarantees against losses on troubled assets. This would have been a great deal for bank stockholders, not so much for the rest of us: heads they win, tails taxpayers lose.
Now the administration is talking about a “public-private partnership” to buy troubled assets from the banks, with the government lending money to private investors for that purpose. This would offer investors a one-way bet: if the assets rise in price, investors win; if they fall substantially, investors walk away and leave the government holding the bag. Again, heads they win, tails we lose.
Why not just go ahead and nationalize? Remember, the longer we live with zombie banks, the harder it will be to end the economic crisis.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
How would nationalization take place? All the administration has to do is take its own planned “stress test” for major banks seriously, and not hide the results when a bank fails the test, making a takeover necessary. Yes, the whole thing would have a Claude Rains feel to it, as a government that has been propping up banks for months declares itself shocked, shocked at the miserable state of their balance sheets. But that's O.K.
And once again, long-term government ownership isn't the goal: like the small banks seized by the F.D.I.C. every week, major banks would be returned to private control as soon as possible. The finance blog Calculated Risk suggests that instead of calling the process nationalization, we should call it “preprivatization.”
The Obama administration, says Robert Gibbs , the White House spokesman, believes “that a privately held banking system is the correct way to go.” So do we all. But what we have now isn't private enterprise, it's lemon socialism: banks get the upside but taxpayers bear the risks. And it's perpetuating zombie banks, blocking economic recovery.
What we want is a system in which banks own the downs as well as the ups. And the road to that system runs through nationalization.
The full Prometheus trailer isn't the only exciting new media Ridley Scott is sharing today. The Weyland Industries website has been updated with a timeline of the corporation, along with a video of the birth of a certain android. Minor spoilers.
If you head over to the Weyland Industries site, you can see the full corporate timeline (in Facebook's new left-to-right timeline structure; apparently it is the design of the future), and there's a special focus on the development of David, the company's increasingly human-like android, and Weyland's goals to have David recognized as a cybernetic individual by humanity at large. Incidentally, Weyland is also named one of the top 50 companies for female executives, so not all the badass ladies are working aboard spaceships.
Advertisement
We also get a peek at the birth of one of the latest David models, played by Michael Fassbender. Even with a human actor, it's startling to see him come to life. [via Comic Book Movie]
And don't forget to check out our first impressions of the full Prometheus trailer.
Advertisement
Edit: Commenter TwiceDead pulled this juicy gem from the timeline:
DISCOVERY OF ARCHERON LV-426
Weyland astronomers discover multiple moons and a ringed planet just outside the Zeta 2 Reticula System, which are possibly able to support life. Weyland expects to travel there within the century.
MAY 14, 2039
Intriguing. Very intriguing.
After a month of regular use, we found little need to modify our initial impressions of the Gear VR as a piece of hardware. It's the first truly comfortable headset that provides a viable, "good enough" virtual reality experience within the reach of a high-end consumer, both in terms of price and ease of use. Hardware is only as good as the software that runs on it, though, and despite four weekly updates to the Oculus Store since launch, the content on offer for early adopters is still largely a mediocre mixed bag—especially when it comes to gaming.
Let's dive into the hardware a bit more, though. Anyone who has tried on an Oculus development kit is going to be amazed by how much more comfortable the Gear VR is. Though the weight of the two units is comparable, the Gear VR benefits from a strap system that distributes that weight on the upper forehead and the back of the skull rather than through an elastic death grip around the eye area. The Gear VR also doesn't have any annoying wires tethering it to an external computer, which has a freeing effect in apps where swiveling around in 360 degrees is a must. It's not quite comfortable enough to make you forget you're wearing it, but it is comfortable enough not to distract from a properly engaging VR experience.
The Galaxy Note 4's 2560x1440 resolution screen is the bare minimum necessary for a VR experience that's going to come off as clear and comfortable for the masses. In-app text is rendered crisply, and while you can make out a bit of fuzziness between pixels, the lens system makes it feel less like you're looking at a phone display inches from your face and more like you're looking down a 3D tunnel.
The additional angular tracking provided by the Gear VR headset is also crucial to making the virtual worlds feel rock solid and locked in place, especially when compared with competing VR solutions that only use the phone's default accelerometer. The only thing that's still missing is positional tracking; Gear VR can't tell when you lean forward or shift your shoulders to the side, for instance, making the whole world lurch along with you in these cases. Gear VR apps are designed with this limitation in mind, though, and they work perfectly well sitting and rotating in a swivel chair, looking every which way to your heart's content.
While the Gear VR supports standard Bluetooth control pads (some games require one), the small, built-in touchpad sitting near your right temple is all you'll need for most apps. Using your gaze as a sort of quasi-mouse-pointer—with a quick tap on the touchpad filling in for a click—quickly becomes second nature, as does the idea of quick swipes in cardinal directions for scrolling through menus or directional input.
My main complaint is that the touchpad can be a little too sensitive—I often had swipes mistaken for taps or vice versa when not moving an index finger with precise enough timing. There's already a separate clickable "back" button for retreating through menus; one or two more physical buttons for selection may be useful for a future edition of the Gear VR. For the time being, though, this is a decent stopgap control solution until something comes along to accurately track hands naturally in three-dimensional space.
Despite the over-the-top warnings , prolonged use of the Gear VR hasn't necessarily led to any negative physical effects during testing. Even wearing the unit for nearly two hours straight during a marathon Darknet session didn't leave the slightest feeling of nausea or discomfort. This in-world comfort depends largely on the software design, though. Games like Dreadhalls and Temple Run VR practically forced me to look in one direction while moving laterally in another, a situation that was an almost instant invitation to nausea. When a game in the Oculus Store warns you that it's "comfortable for few," there's usually a darn good reason.
A fully charged Note 4 battery can last a good four to four-and-a-half hours of constant use in the Gear VR carrier. That's sadly about par for the course as far as portable gaming devices these days, but heavy use can definitely be a problem if you're also planning to use the Note as your primary phone throughout the rest of the day. You can always swap in a second battery, but be warned that the massive battery pack takes an inordinately long time to charge through the phone's standard USB slot. Also keep in mind that the Gear VR design means it's impossible to charge the phone while you're using it as a VR headset. Leaving the phone in standby mode while still in the headset can drain the battery quite quickly.
A couple of weeks ago, a mysterious rock fell in front of the Mars Opportunity Rover. The rock wasn't sitting in the rover's line-of-sight just days before it was discovered there, so intrepid internet scientists assumed that, obviously, the rock was placed there by a mischievous alien whose best way to communicate was through the complex language of rock-placing.
The rock, which NASA dubbed Pinnacle Island, is likely just the result of a nearby meteorite impact, or Opportunity rolling over the Martian landscape in such a way that it basically bumped the rock into place. The two theories are so likely that NASA didn't investigate the rock very thoroughly, which is why the organization is being sued.
NASA did investigate the rock enough to declare it a rock, and thought about the way it managed appear in its location enough to figure out the two likely scenarios mentioned above. However, self-described scientist Rhawn Joseph is pretty sure the rock is an alien life-form, and feels NASA was so irresponsible in its lack of rock analysis that the organization should be brought to justice for its crime.
Joseph writes the kind of books that you would assume someone sues NASA for not dissecting a rock would write, including ones about UFOs, and one about the American government allowing the September 11 attacks to have taken place.
The lawsuit targets NASA Administrator Charles Bolden, and demands that NASA perform more extensive testing on the rock, as Joseph claims the rock was clearly spawned from spores, rather than simply knocked over into the pathway either via meteorite or the rover itself. Basically, Joseph is claiming that the substance that caused the rock to exist was there the whole time, and the rock eventually grew large enough for the rover to notice.
Joseph claims that NASA simply passing it off as a rock before taking and releasing magnified, high-resolution photos of it is “inexplicable, recklessly negligent, and bizarre,” which NASA would probably also be for taking up so much time photographing what the organization is pretty sure is a rock. You can view the full lawsuit below.
Including recent claims that it funded research that blamed obesity on a lack of exercise rather than bad dietary habits, the Coca-Cola Company is often accused of trying to hide or downplay the damaging effects of soft drink consumption. Here's what drinking Coke really does to the body:
Extreme sugar intake causes the body to release a rush of Quenchanoids and the hormone Refreshatonin
Cognition is immediately affected, sharply increasing your desire to ride in an open-top jeep with an attractive and exuberant group of ethnically varied friends
Heart lets out audible whimper
Increased blood sugar levels send message to the body that it is in America
You are legally dead for exactly 75 seconds
Changes in cerebral fluid chemistry cause brain to instantly form 20 rationalizations for the continuous intake of empty calories
Aluminum can's jagged edges destroy stomach lining
Enamel decay eliminates pesky teeth that were only getting in way of more cool, refreshing Coke
Ugh, it's best to not even mention what happens to the liver
Makes your hands pretty sticky if spilled
An extreme elevation in mood is experienced by Coke CEO Muhtar Kent after earning $5.5 million quarterly bonus
Cumulative deleterious effects on the body stop drinkers from being immortal and living forever as they otherwise would have done
Sub Focus has been touring hard in in 2011, and his dedication to the cause is obviously paying off as fans have on the whole responded very positively to his sets. Touring is often one of the best times for artists to debut and test new material, and that is exactly what Sub Focus has done. One new track in particular called Falling Down has sparked a lot of interest amongst festival goers, and after listening it's very easy to see why.
However, with so many low quality video recordings of the track circulating on the Internet already, it took me several hours of searching before I found anything of use. Even then I still had to create my own mashup of several live recordings before I created a workable preview that had a decent ratio of treble and bass.
If you can get past the cringeworthy off-beat white people clapping at the start then this should tide you over until the time when Sub Focus decides to pull his finger out and release the original mix (which I hope is very soon).
Sub Focus – “Falling Down” (Original Mix)
Audio clip: Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or above) is required to play this audio clip. Download the latest version here. You also need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser.
Updated:Â Finally, here's the original mix. Massive.
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. (BUSINESS WIRE), March 06, 2015 - During the month of March, Sprint customers who originally opted out of Total Equipment Protection at the time of purchase have another chance to enroll. Total Equipment Protection covers wireless phones, smartphones and Sprint mobile broadband cards. For a range of $9 to $13 per month (per line, depending on device model), customers receive comprehensive coverage that includes protection from loss, theft, accidental damage, device malfunction and threats to private data.
“Our phones are such an integral part of our lives,” said Jaime Jones, president-Postpaid Consumer and General Business for Sprint. “We rely on them to stay connected to loved ones and friends, and help us handle the myriad tasks we do every day. The peace of mind that comes from knowing your phone is protected, and having someone there to help you if needed, is why device protection plans make perfect sense.”
To be eligible for Total Equipment Protection open enrollment, the customer's device must be in working order and not in need of repair and in the customer's possession. Below are the options currently available to Sprint customers for device protection for phones. Customers can enroll by visiting www.sprint.com/tep or any Sprint store or by calling 877-663-6250.
Total Equipment Protection
Total Equipment Protection (TEP), administered by Asurion, provides comprehensive protection for a customer's phone, smartphone or Sprint mobile broadband card against loss, theft and liquid or physical damage. This coverage also includes an in-store repair function for mechanical or electrical failure caused by defect or normal wear and tear. As an added feature, customers can download the Sprint Protect app to locate, lock and otherwise protect their phone remotely from a computer.
TEP offers comprehensive end-to-end coverage and peace of mind from an easy, hassle-free solution. Equipment Service and Repair (sold separately) is a component of TEP and helps customers who enroll by resolving many device issues the same day at Sprint full-service locations.
In some cases device issues can be serviced or repaired in about one hour.
It saves the customer per-incident fees for in-store service or repair transactions.
If the device is lost, stolen or exhibits liquid or physical damage, approved replacements will typically arrive in one business day.
TEP saves customers from paying full retail price to replace their phone.
There is a non-refundable deductible ranging from $50 to $200 per approved claim for lost, stolen, or physical or liquid damage. The deductible is based on phone model.
Total Equipment Protection Plus
Total Equipment Protection (TEP) Plus is a comprehensive protection service for a customer's device, data and virtually any connection to it. TEP Plus combines a customer's existing TEP coverage – which includes protection from loss, theft, damage and device malfunction – with built-in antivirus security, automatic backup of photos and videos, and one-click access to a tech expert for premium device support.
TEP Plus includes the Sprint Protect app powered by Asurion. This app features automatic backup of contacts, photos and videos and built-in security with enhanced features that guard against viruses, optimize battery use, and monitor access by third-party apps.
For mechanical or electrical failure due to defect or normal wear and tear, the first two repair/exchange transactions are included at no additional charge. After the first two transactions a $25 service fee applies/transaction within a 12-month period.
Customers currently enrolled in Total Equipment Protection may upgrade to Total Equipment Protection Plus at any time with an eligible device by calling 1-800-584-3666.
To enroll in Total Equipment Protection Plus, customers must have a higher-tier device. To view a complete list of higher-tier devices eligible for TEP Plus, visit https://www.phoneclaim.com/sprint/deductible. The website schedule is updated regularly to include new models.
About Sprint
Sprint (NYSE: S) is a communications services company that creates more and better ways to connect its customers to the things they care about most. Sprint served nearly 56 million connections as of Dec. 31, 2014, and is widely recognized for developing, engineering and deploying innovative technologies, including the first wireless 4G service from a national carrier in the United States; leading no-contract brands including Virgin Mobile USA, Boost Mobile, and Assurance Wireless; instant national and international push-to-talk capabilities; and a global Tier 1 Internet backbone. Sprint has been named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) North America for the past four years. You can learn more and visit Sprint at www.sprint.com or www.facebook.com/sprint and www.twitter.com/sprint.
Total Equipment Protection is a combination of the Equipment Replacement Program underwritten by Continental Casualty Company, a CNA company (CNA), and administered by Asurion Protection Services, LLC, a licensed agent of CNA (In California, Asurion Protection Services Insurance Agency, LLC, CA Lic. #OD63161. In Puerto Rico, Asurion Protection Services of Puerto Rico, Inc.) and the Equipment Service and Repair Program administered by Asurion Warranty Protection Services, LLC or one of its affiliates. Please see the program brochure available at any participating retail location or visit https://www.phoneclaim.com/sprint/program for complete terms of coverage. Terms and conditions are subject to change. Coverage terms may vary by state and eligibility may vary by device. All applicable taxes and surcharges extra.
I am using Windows 10, Mist Wallet 0.7.2 which includes geth v1.3.6, a non-SSD hard drive and ethernet connection to 16Mbs modem.
I had incredibly slow syncing of the blockchain, even with 25 peers and was actually having to to quit and restart Mist just to download another few blocks. I had installed the Mist Wallet for Win64 from here, which also includes a CLI called geth. (nb. apparently x32 editions don't contain geth?)
I followed numerous different recommendations, however none worked until I deleted the blockchain data using geth and kicked the whole process off again.
Rather than using the Mist sync process, I removed the chaindata and then ran geth --fast :
Opened the cmd prompt
Navigated to the directory containing geth.exe and opened it
Copied the file path from the bar Explorer
Typed cd path/to/geth (replace path/to/geth with what you copied) and hit enter.
Typed geth removedb and hit enter.
Once the blockchain was removed, I ran geth --fast
This above is also described here.
The download has now got to block 500,000 in 30 minutes which had previously taken 3 days!
If you are on a Mac, you would do this...
Right-click on the ethereum-wallet.app and select 'show package contents'
Open 'contents', then 'frameworks', then 'node', then 'geth' and voila.
Then you should right-click on geth and select 'show info'.
Copy the location marked 'Where:'.
Open Terminal and type 'cd `
Then type: ./geth --fast
Other recommended changes to Windows I had performed were:
Ensuring my PC clock time was synchronised with internet time (it was accurate)
Manually setting the Windows page size as per: http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/forum/id-2813275/disk-usage-100.html
Disabled Superfetch
Specifically opened the Ethereum ports for TCP 30303 and UDP 30301 on my router as described here: Which TCP and UDP ports are required to run an Ethereum client?
Whether any of these contributed to it being much faster after the geth removedb I'm not sure, but each of those may well help you.
The complete download of 1,500,000 blocks finished after about 10 hours, so the blocks definitely appear to take longer to download the greater the block number, due to the increased number of transactions contained in each block.
Where to start? I guess at the beginning: The Chicago Bears bussed to Soldier Field on Friday night for their annual Family Night practice at Soldier Field. After examining the playing surface, however, they turned around and went back to Bourbonnais, Ill., for a closed late-night practice.
Locally, this is a big story because fans were already filing into the stadium when the decision was made. I don't think I would be thrilled to have fought through Friday afternoon traffic only to find out the event was canceled at the last moment.
From a bigger picture, however, this episode serves as one of the most glaring examples yet of the Chicago Park District's inability to maintain serviceable grass at Soldier Field. It's one thing for the turf to be torn up by midseason. It's another for it to have sand-filled gaps in the first week of August.
Soldier Field general manager Tim LeFevour told Zach Zaidman of the Bears radio network that the grounds crew had a "miscalculation" on how much water to put on the field. The result is what you see in this photograph from Zaidman and another photograph from Michael C. Wright of ESPNChicago.com. It's true that the Bears were originally scheduled to play in the Hall of Fame preseason game this weekend, but that event was canceled July 21. You would like to think that two weeks would be enough time to get the field ready.
You don't want to go overboard in criticism of a sloppy training camp practice field, especially since the Bears immediately recognized it and didn't put their players at risk. But let's be real. Soldier Field is one of 32 NFL stadiums in the country. It's a basic expectation for the field to be playable anytime between August and January.
It's worth noting the Bears are scheduled to play a preseason game there a week from Saturday. Is it possible to rehabilitate the turf that fast? Are the Bears doomed to an even worse playing field this season than they normally have? Linebacker Brian Urlacher said this summer that the turf is a "disaster." Now, more players are growing concerned. Here's what place-kicker Robbie Gould, who is also the team's player representative, posted on Twitter:
"Field conditions this bad this early in the season is inexcusable. This is becoming a reoccurring problem and needs addressed"
We all know the Bears prefer a torn-up field over Field Turf. This spring, team president Ted Phillips made clear the organization considers the grass a home-field advantage. I have no doubt that it is, but there is a fine line to walk here.
The Bears are trusting that the Park District, which owns and operates the stadium, can maintain safety guidelines in the environment of less-than-ideal conditions. If the Park District made an August watering "miscalculation" that forced the cancellation of a practice, how confident should we be that it will provide a safe field this season? Will this be the incident that finally leads to the installation of Field Turf? Stay tuned.
Fast-scan cyclic voltammetry
Voltammetric detection of dopamine. When sufficient potential is applied to the electrode, dopamine is oxidized to dopamine-o-quinone, donating two electrons that are detected as current. When the potential is returned, any dopamine-o-quinone remaining at the electrode surface is reduced back to dopamine by accepting electrons, producing current in the opposite direction. In the example shown, the potential is applied by fast-scan cyclic voltammetry. With this technique, the resultant current comprises time-resolved peaks that aid analyte identification. These measurements are typically repeated several times per second.
Fast-scan cyclic voltammetry was developed by Julian Millar and colleagues in London in the early 1980s. As it is implicit from its name, it is based on cyclic voltammetry, the classic electrochemical techniques that offers the highest chemical resolving power. The classic technique has been accelerated by several orders of magnitude to provide temporal resolution on a subsecond time scale (typically 100 ms). The most common substrate for analyte detection is a carbon surface (usually a carbon-fiber microelectrode) which offers a relatively broad voltage range in aqueous solutions.
Using fast-scan cyclic voltammetry at carbon-fiber microelectrodes, changes in the extracellular concentration of electroactive molecules can be monitored. One such molecule that is of biological interest is the neurotransmitter, dopamine (see figure). The potential at the microelectrode is held at a potential insufficient to oxidize dopamine (e.g., -0.4 V vs a Ag/AgCl reference electrode) and then linearly ramped to an oxidizing potential (e.g., +1.3 V) and back at a high scan rate (e.g., 400 V/s) multiple times each second. When dopamine is present in the solution at the surface of the electrode, it is oxidized during the positive sweep to form dopamine-o-quinone (peak reaction at approximately +0.7 V) which is reduced back to dopamine in the negative sweep (peak reaction at approximately -0.3 V). During the redox reactions electrons are transferred between these molecules and the microelectrode (electrolysis). This flux of electrons is measured (as current) and is directly proportional to the number of molecules that undergo electro-oxidation. For analyte identification, current during a voltammetric scan can be plotted against the applied potential to yield a cyclic voltammogram. The cyclic voltammogram provides chemical information that is fairly unique for each substance and thus allows resolution of dopamine from other electroactive compounds. For quantification of changes in dopamine concentration over time, the current at its peak oxidation potential can be plotted for subsequent voltammetric scans. This approach can be utilized to make rapid chemical measurements in a range of biological preparations and conditions. We have developed this technology to allow us to record dopamine in real time, in awake rodents engaging in a variety of behavioral tasks.
References
Next week, Code.org is putting on the Hour of Code for Computer Science Education Week, and it's going to be epic.
Last year, Hour of Code tried to introduce ten million students to coding in one week, but actually they got fifteen million. This year, they're going extra global and shooting for a hundred million students.
And, CodeCombat is happy to help out as one of the tutorial partners that students can choose. We've been gearing up for this for four months to make an awesome beginner programming experience—the one we all wish we had had when we were younger to show us how much fun coding can be, or even that we could do it at all (no one ever told us).
Here's a "tiny" list of the new stuff we've come up with:
Heroes: choose from 9 warriors, ranger, or wizard heroes, each with different strengths, weaknesses, and programming abilities.
Items: now all your programming abilities come from the 250+ items you can unlock, so as you earn new gear, you learn new programming concepts.
Levels: 50+ all-new levels in the new beginner campaign, with 5 new levels every week.
Gems: bonus rewards for beating levels let you customize your hero and item progression through the game.
Worlds: the Dungeon and Forest worlds are nearly complete, with the Desert, Mountain, Ice, and Volcano worlds in the pipeline.
Sound effects: grab your headphones, because now there's a lot more to hear than just sword_attack_1.mp3.
Music: we've got new music tracks from our composer, José Antonini.
Visual design: the interface and website are looking great with Fully Illustrated's artistic touch.
Voices: you probably couldn't tell, but the voice acting is no longer just George and his wife doing different accents for every single unit!
Bugfixes: we have been busy, with over 1500 commits since August. CodeCombat is totally open source, and we couldn't have done it without our Archmages.
Playtesting: with the help of our Adventurers and 18 classrooms' worth of playtesting-based usability improvements in the past several weeks alone, we're now getting players as young as seven all the way through the end of the forest campaign.
45 languages: our Diplomats have been hard at work translating tens of thousands of strings so that players everywhere can learn, with the latest entry being Galician.
Documentation: with our Scribes' help, we now have beginner-friendly documentation for six programming languages.
Real-time input: the later levels unlock input flags for a merger of coding and gameplay, where heroes can respond to your clicks in real time.
Beginner multiplayer: not just for expert developers any more, we have three beginner hero arenas in the mix.
Python: is now the default language, with Python master Matt making it easier than ever to get started with programming.
Faster app: with a new WebGL renderer, months of code optimizations, and a lot of testing on old machines and browsers, the new CodeCombat will run smoothly on almost anything, even Internet Explorer 9.
Faster servers: with Michael's upgraded AWS setup, serving tens of thousands of concurrent players during the Hour of Code will be a cinch, with fast load times for all.
Diverse gameplay: we've made sure to include not just combat levels, but also puzzle-, collection-, and building-focused levels so as not to be too gender-imbalanced.
Amazing autocomplete: this really helps younger students without great typing skills get into the game while still typing real code.
CodeCombat subscriptions: so that you can help support CodeCombat and so that we can say thanks, we're making extra bonus levels available for our monthly paid subscribers; the core level progression is still free so that everyone can play.
Check out where we were before last year's Hour of Code.
Originally posted on the CodeCombat blog. Reposted via Creative Commons.
Early career Edit
Retirement Edit
On 7 July 2016, Williams announced his plans to retire from the music industry following AC/DC's Rock or Bust World Tour, a tour whose final concert was set for September of that year. He cited his feeling that AC/DC was now "a changed animal" with the recent departures of several band members. Malcolm Young could no longer contribute due to dementia, Phil Rudd could not tour due to being under house arrest, and vocalist Brian Johnson was forced into retirement due to hearing problems.[17] Williams was led out to the front of the stage by Angus Young to take a bow during his last performance with AC/DC, in Philadelphia's Wells Fargo Center.[20]
Accolades Edit
Personal life Edit
Williams' wife, Georganne, is from the US state of Colorado. The couple have two children: Erin (born 1985) who is a model-actress under the name Erin Lucas,[24] and Luke (born 1986).[25] After marrying in 1980, the couple stayed in the United States,[10] initially settling in Hawaii. The islands left the Williams' feeling too isolated, and they found the school system there to be lacking. In 1986, they moved to Fort Myers, Florida, following a suggestion from AC/DC bandmate Brian Johnson, who lives in nearby Sarasota.[9] Williams also spends time in Aix-en-Provence among distant relatives, including local French guitar player Noah Tchenio.[26] Williams' hobbies include fishing[27] and amateur flying.[12] He is an oenophile.[28]
Side projects Edit
In 1984, Williams played bass and backing vocals on Adam Bomb's song "I Want My Heavy Metal", for the album Fatal Attraction.[29] During AC/DC's hiatus in the 2000s, Williams joined Bosnian musician Emir Bukovica's band Emir & Frozen Camels. The group recorded the album San in 2002 and played in some European clubs.[30] In 2005, Williams and AC/DC singer Johnson played in a hurricane relief event in Florida, promoted by the John Entwistle Foundation. There Williams met drummer Steve Luongo, president of the foundation and former member of the John Entwistle band. Luongo later brought Williams, Johnson, and guitarist Mark Hitt for the Classic Rock Cares charity project. The quartet composed and recorded ten tracks in the studio in 2007, and followed that with a tour to raise funds for the foundation.[19][31][32] In 2011, Williams played on a benefit concert organized by Mark Farner.[27][33] Williams said he also occasionally plays with a rhythm and blues band from Fort Myers called The Juice.[4]
Style Edit
feel. My favorite AC/DC tune to play is whole thing—not me noodlin' away." "It's not the line that counts. It is the. My favorite AC/DC tune to play is 'Down Payment Blues' , because it's so simple. I play four notes throughout the song, but I get off on thething—not me noodlin' away." —Williams on his playing[12] Williams's role in AC/DC was to provide steady but basic bass lines which followed the rhythm guitar of Malcolm Young, consisting mostly of eighth notes.[34] His basslines were sometimes written by Malcolm and Angus Young during composition, and at other times Williams developed them based on the other instrumental tracks.[35] Williams said he plays "the same thing in every song, for the most part. In AC/DC's music, the song is more important than any individual's bit in it."[36] He added that "complex [bass] lines wouldn't add anything to a guitar-oriented band like ours, so I try to create a bottom layer that drives what our guys are doing on top."[12] Williams had no difficulty keeping his low profile within the band, declaring that "I don't have any problem doing this, because I enjoy playing simply. I never feel angry or prisoner."[35] His playing technique was mostly centred around downpicking, with occasional use of plucking to mute the strings, which he says "adds more definition and tightens up the notes, and it gives the sound less sustain".[12]
Equipment Edit
Notes Edit
(Newser) – An Oregon doughnut shop is hiring—just not any vegans or vegetarians. A job ad for Pip's Original Doughnuts in Portland describes the ideal candidate as someone with "a friendly, outgoing personality," but "no non-medical, non-religious dietary restrictions" that "would stop you from tasting, accurately representing our treats, and maintaining quality control." Given that PETA recently named Portland as America's "most vegan-friendly city," the ad is not going over well, reports Oregon Live. "Won't return now that I know you discriminate against vegetarians," one customer writes on the bake shop's Facebook page. But co-owner Nate Snell isn't budging. "After receiving as much hate email as we have in the last two days, I'm more steadfast and sure of our position than ever," he writes.
Snell says employees are required to taste shop items that contain bacon, gluten, soy, dairy, and nuts. Those unable to do so "would place an undue burden on our ability to maintain the quality of our food and the health of our customers and employees." The ad is perfectly legal since dietary preference isn't protected under employment laws, reports KGW. But "it's really heartbreaking that we live in a society where people feel like they have to use intimidation and fear in order to force their own personal viewpoints on others," a Pip's post reads, per Willamette Week. Snell suggests vegans and vegetarians apply and "suggest some workarounds." Otherwise, they could try Los Angeles' new Donut Farm, which makes 15 varieties of vegan doughnuts, per the Los Angeles Times. (These vegan restaurateurs received death threats.)
The ditch is just a little bit deeper this morning.
The Los Angeles Lakers lost their fourth straight game on Wednesday. They're now 12-20 under Mike D'Antoni, 5-11 since Steve Nash‘s return, and a brutal 2-10 in January.
The Lakers are just four games out of eighth place, but they're eight games under .500. If you assume that it will take 45 wins to make the playoffs in the Western Conference, the Lakers would need to finish the season 28-12 to get there.
The good news is that neither the 21-21 Portland Trail Blazers (who had lost six straight before beating the Pacers on Wednesday) nor the 22-22 Houston Rockets (who have lost eight of their last nine) are playing well, so it might not take 45 wins to get in.
The other good news is that it's not unprecedented for a 17-25 team to turn its season around and make the postseason, even in the Western Conference.
The last team to do it in the West was the 2004-05 Denver Nuggets, who were 17-25 under Jeff Bzdelik and interim coach Michael Cooper. Then they brought in George Karl, who led them to a 32-8 record over their last 40 games.
At 49-33, those Nuggets were the No. 7 seed in the West, and they got knocked out in the first round (4-1) by the eventual champion San Antonio Spurs.
According to Elias, here are the last five teams to make the playoffs in the West after a 17-25 start or worse…
Season Team First 42 Last 40 Total Seed Playoffs 2004-05 Denver 17-25 32-8 49-33 7 Lost in 1st round, 4-1 1996-97 Phoenix 15-27 25-15 40-42 7 Lost in 1st round, 3-2 1996-97 L.A. Clippers 17-25 19-21 36-46 8 Lost in 1st round, 3-0 1985-86 Sacramento 16-26 21-19 37-45 7 Lost in 1st round, 3-0 1983-84 Kansas City 17-25 21-19 38-44 8 Lost in 1st round, 3-0
The '04-05 Nuggets are the only team above that finished with a winning record. The other four benefited from a weaker conference and/or a league with fewer teams. And really, the Lakers' chances of making the playoffs depend a lot on how well the Rockets and Blazers finish the season.
Portland's record is already inflated. They're 21-21, but have the point differential of an 18-24 team. And they also have the hardest remaining schedule of the three.
Remaining schedules
Team Home Away B2B OppW OppL PCT Avg. NetRtg Houston 19 19 8 802 791 0.503 -.4 L.A. Lakers 19 21 7 837 834 0.501 -.2 Portland 19 21 7 907 767 0.542 +1.2
NetRtg = Point differential per 100 possessions
The Lakers' schedule and Rockets' schedule are about even. And get this: They play each other in L.A. on the final night of the regular season.
Before we get there, though, the Lakers need to turn their season around. And we've yet to see any evidence that they can.
Category: HT News, NBA.com/Stats / Tags: , Denver Nuggets, George Karl, Houston Rockets, John Schuhmann, Los Angeles Lakers, Portland Trail Blazers / 79 Comments on L.A. Recovery Wouldn't Be Unprecedented /
It is a pure tribute to the filmmaking skills of Robert Zemeckis that The Walk works as well as it does. And boy, does it ever work. Considering that the story of French tightrope artist Philippe Petit's daring 1974 walk on wire between the two then-not-quite-finished twin towers of New York's World Trade Center has not only been documented in Petit's own bestselling book but also in James Marsh's Oscar-winning documentary Man On Wire, it is remarkable the level of suspense and genuine thrills that Zemeckis, at the top of his game, is able to cook up here. Throw in the fact that it has been only 14 years since the 9/11 attacks that took those towers down and you have a filmmaking challenge indeed.
But for me, The Walk is the most thrilling movie experience of the year, and it is probably one that could not even have been made with the technical virtuosity on display even five years ago. And as I say in my VIDEO REVIEW (click the link above), this is truly a film made for cinemas, one that must be seen in a theater for the full impact. In fact, I have never seen a film look better in the glory of Imax and 3D than this one.
Because the true story is so well known (the very French Petit never left New York and still lives upstate), it is no spoiler to say that he lived to tell the tale, but because no actual film footage of the real walk exists this is the first time we can actually feel like we are right up there with him. The film itself opens with Joseph Gordon-Levitt (as Petit) narrating his own story from the top of the Statue Of Liberty (where else since that was France's gift to the U.S.) and its first 90 minutes or so plays like an Ocean's Eleven-style caper movie. It's fascinating to see Petit and his accomplices set this crazy feat in motion. If it weren't all true, no one would ever buy it. But buy it we do, even Gordon-Levitt's delightfully pronounced French accent which adds just the right amount of charm throughout.
But it is the final third of this film where Zemeckis (who with Christopher Browne also co-wrote the adaptation of Petit's memoir To Reach The Clouds) again shows the dazzling level of magical filmmaking he has done throughout his career including his Oscar-winning Forrest Gump. Those scenes of the actual feat itself are breathtaking examples of the art of special effects married with great cinematography (by Dariusz Wolski) and a remarkably graceful and physically realistic turn by Gordon-Levitt who has never been better. The collective impact left me awestruck and renewed my faith in the wonder of movies — but for those with severe vertigo or extreme fear of heights just try to remember it is only a movie, and one with a rare PG rating for a live-action film that is for the entire family. It's that increasingly rare pure movie entertainment for everyone. And ultimately, despite the thrills and visual marvels on screen, this is a very emotional human story with a touching coda for the towers themselves that seems just right.
In addition to Gordon-Levitt the fine cast includes Ben Kingsley as his mentor back in France, Charlotte LeBon as his girlfriend (although she is underused in the film) and James Badge Dale as a fast-talking New Yorker who helps him make the dream a reality. Producers of the TriStar presentation and ImageMovers production in association with LStar Captial are Zemeckis, Jack Rapke and Steve Starkey. A big shoutout to visual effects supervisor Kevin Baillie and his team too.
Sony is opening the film in a limited Imax 3D run of 440 screens starting tomorrow before going wide October 9. Do you plan to take The Walk? Let us know what you think.
Full disclosure: Last night sucked an extremely large amount. I will not look back at June 12 fondly in the years to come, but I'll always love the 2015-16 San Jose Sharks. Instead of sitting around pouting (not that there's anything wrong with that) I want to take some time to thank everyone who helped make this amazing season possible.
First off — thank you for hanging out with all of us this season. None of this would be possible without all of you and it was honestly a privilege to get to write about the Sharks for y'all this season. Thank you.
And while I would kind of like to believe that you all read this site because of me, I know full well that the Fear the Fin staff is what makes this site what it is. They donate their time to write for you because they love it — at least the vast majority of the time. So thank you to each and every one of you for helping me out this year — I'd honestly probably be dead from exhaustion without you.
Nobody would be able to write about the Sharks or read about the Sharks without ... well, the Sharks. So thanks much to the front office of the San Jose Sharks — all of ‘em. From Doug Wilson to Scott Emmert... thanks. We appreciate everything you've given to us this year and can't wait to see what you put together for next season.
Lastly, thank you so much to every single player who wore teal this season. Sorted by most games played to fewest, here's a thank you to literally every San Jose Shark this year.
Thanks Joe Thornton for giving so much of yourself to this team over the years. You've had to deal with a lot of bullshit, but you've stuck around anyway. You're the best.
Thanks Patrick Marleau for being a living embodiment of everything great about the San Jose Sharks. You are the Sharks, and I love you.
Thanks Joe Pavelski for wearing the C with pride this year. And also for your incredible hands. Your hands are great.
Thanks Brent Burns for being the most fun hockey player in the entire world.
Thanks Tomas Hertl for your infectious excitement and big ass.
Thanks Justin Braun for playing so much with Marc-Edouard Vlasic and still managing to be talked about less. That's actually relatively impressive.
Thanks Chris Tierney for taking your game to another level when we needed you to. I can't wait to see what you're able to do next season.
Thanks Joel Ward for your clutch goals, great celebrations and boundless energy. You're a blast and I'm so glad you're on the Sharks.
Thanks Paul Martin for helping keep Brent Burns under control. That's a lot of work that you don't get enough credit for, but I hear that you're used to that.
Thanks Brenden Dillon for putting up with a myriad of defensive partners who are not into the whole “defense” thing. You get a lot of shit because of the whole “we traded Jason Demers for you” thing and that's not your fault.
Thanks Joonas Donskoi for scoring one of the best goals in San Jose Sharks history.
Thanks Tommy Wingels for being the San Jose Shark most likely to be ID'd for a PG-13 movie and for delivering big hits. We like big hits. Sometimes.
Thanks Matt Nieto for teaching so many people about Long Beach — and also for your great taste in music.
Thanks Marc-Edouard Vlasic for another year of quiet greatness. You're the best.
Thanks Melker Karlsson for bringing the milk in the Stanley Cup Final. In this situation, and this situation only, milk means goals.
Thanks Martin Jones for being the absolute best Sharks player in the Stanley Cup Playoffs. It's been a very long time since we've felt confident in a goaltender game in and game out ... I could get used to it.
Thanks Logan Couture for battling through terrifying injuries to be the Sharks the best skater in the playoffs. You're an incredible hockey player and I really, really should stop making fun of you in posts. I'm totally not going to do it right now. Look at this restraint.
Thanks Dainius Zubrus for both having an incredible nickname and playing great fourth line minutes. I'm sorry Pete DeBoer decided Nick Spaling was his new favorite. That's stupid.
Thanks Dylan DeMelo for filling in when it seemed like every single Sharks defender was dying. I can't wait to see what you've got in store in the future.
Thanks Mike Brown for giving us something to complain about for a long time. I hear you're a very nice man and I hope you're happy.
Thanks Matt Tennyson for being a surprisingly decent call up this season. Please score 10 points in one game next year so I can call you Tenny forever. Thanks.
Thanks Roman Polak for trying your best. I'm sorry Darnell Nurse tried to kill you. Please don't sign with the Sharks next year. This would be best for all of us.
Thanks Nick Spaling for playing in only 23 games this year. That's mean. Uhhhhhhhh, thanks for ... jesus ... you scored two goals. That was cool. Thanks for that.
Thanks Micheal Haley for showing everyone how terrible I am at remembering the spelling of names and for kicking ass with the Barracuda.
Thanks Barclay Goodrow for having an absolute killer name.
Thanks Alex Stalock for battling through what should have been a career-ending injury to get to the NHL. I know it didn't end great, but there's not a single person who can fault your work ethic. I hope it works out for you next year.
Thanks Mirco Mueller for enduring a tough season. Here's to hoping you get to hang with the big team all year next season.
Thanks Nikolay Goldobin for showing off your great speed and skill in limited action — count me among those excited to see what you do next year.
Thanks James Reimer for playing eight great regular season games for the Sharks. Sorry we couldn't get you that ring, but at least you got to hang out with Martin Jones a lot.
Thanks Bryan Lerg for bringing your physicality to the Sharks, I guess. Lerg is a pretty cool name. I'm sorry we didn't come up with a cool nickname for you.
Thanks Ben Smith for being actually pretty great for my NHL 16 team. I don't know why Peter DeBoer hated you so much, but I think you're pretty cool.
Thanks Ryan Carpenter for those beautiful seven minutes of ice time you got this season.
Thanks John McCarthy for sticking around long enough to get a game under your belt this year.
So ... that's it. Thanks everyone for reading. I'm already excited for next season.
San Francisco Federal Reserve President advocates for blockchain technology, supplementing recent actions and remarks by the US Federal Reserve.
During a recent visit to Boise State University's economics and finance students, San Francisco Federal Reserve President, John Williams, noted that blockchain technology could help lower costs and make record keeping easier and more efficient. In addition, Williams highlighted that people are beginning to gain a general understanding that digital currencies will not replace government-issued currencies like the US dollar. Williams' comments come after recent remarks and actions taken by the US Federal Reserve that have pricked up the ears of blockchain technology advocates in the US financial sector.
Key Highlights
In 2016, a US Federal Reserve research team consisting of multidisciplinary staff members conducted interviews and held discussions with 30 key financial industry stakeholders, including government agencies, tech start-ups, and other financial conglomerates, to discuss possible applications for Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT). As a result of their findings, the Federal Reserve published a research paper in December of 2016, titled: “Distributed ledger technology in payments, clearing, and settlement.” The paper highlights DLT as a digital innovation that could potentially transform payment processes and commodity markets in the US financial sector.
As per the paper, “The driving force behind efforts to develop and deploy DLT in payments, clearing, and settlement is an expectation that the technology could reduce or even eliminate operational and financial inefficiencies, or other frictions, that exist for current methods of storing, recording, and transferring digital assets throughout financial markets.”
Furthermore, on January 18, 2017, US Federal Reserve Chair, Janet Yellen, made several statements following her speech on “The Goals of Monetary Policy and How We Pursue Them,” which included her belief that blockchain could be a major industry disruptor as “a technology that enables transactions and ownership of things to be taken care of automatically, without a need, for example, for a trusted central party to record transactions. So, it is very important new technology that could have implications for the way in which transactions are handled throughout the financial system.”
However, Yellen admits that the idea of the US going cashless is not something that's currently in high demand:
“The demand and use of cash continues to increase, but there are many important innovations taking place in the payment space. Fintech innovations that I think are very exciting in terms of resulting in faster, safer payments not only at the wholesale but also at the retail level that could change the use of cash overtime…We are monitoring those developments very carefully.”
Conclusion
Despite advocacy, the US Federal Reserve sees mass adoption of DLT as something that's still years away. The 2016 paper goes on to say:
“Given the technology's early stage, a number of challenges to development and adoption remain, including in how issues around business cases, technological hurdles, legal considerations, and risk management considerations are addressed.”
The Fed's paper references technology research firm Gartner. Despite the research firm's view of the blockchain as a key technological trend that could revolutionize the concepts of how ecosystem enabled platforms will be defined and used, it estimates that blockchain technology won't be able to deliver a high degree of competitive advantage for at least five to 10 years.
Chilling Effects: Climate Change Deniers Have Scientific Paper Disappeared
from the now-you-see-it dept
Let me let you in on a little fantasy of mine: every once in a while, I like to imagine finding myself meeting the person who came up with the term "global warming." Why? So I can punish that person. Severely. See, what a term like "global warming" does is allow the guy in the cubicle next to me to point out of the window in Chicago and say, "If global warming is true, why is it snowing out again?" And that, friends, is something nobody should have to deal with.
Climate change is the better term, of course, and the majority of the scientific community firmly believes that there is such a thing as man-made climate change. From there, we could have a discussion about how profound the effects of climate change are, whether they're actually better or worse, what other contributing factors might be in play in impacting climate, and all the rest, and those would be worthy conversations to have. What we shouldn't do is try to use the law to silence dissenting opinions, particularly if those opinions come in the form of scientific research. Yet, that is exactly what one scientific journal has allowed to happen after publishing an article on the link between those who deny climate change and those who believe in a more wide-ranging array of conspiracy theories. Frontiers originally published the piece last year, but took it down once the legal threats started rolling in. After an internal investigation found the peer-reviewed study to be sound, you'd have thought they'd re-publish it. You'd be wrong. Here's the statement about the retraction from the journal itself.
In the light of a small number of complaints received following publication of the original research article cited above, Frontiers carried out a detailed investigation of the academic, ethical and legal aspects of the work. This investigation did not identify any issues with the academic and ethical aspects of the study. It did, however, determine that the legal context is insufficiently clear and therefore Frontiers wishes to retract the published article. The authors understand this decision, while they stand by their article and regret the limitations on academic freedom which can be caused by legal factors.
It is hard to imagine a set of outcomes that would have better remedied each issue flagged by Frontiers as a matter of concern. So it came as quite a shock to hear that the journal had decided to retract the paper ostensibly because “the legal context is insufficiently clear”.
In other words, a study that was judged by peers to be scientifically sound, has been disappeared over the murky threats of possible legal action. Let that sink in for a moment: science is undone because some people didn't like it. The author of the study resided at the time in the UK, where libel laws used to be of a construction specifically designed to fill the courthouses with all manner of craziness. Just recently, the UK has improved its libel laws to lessen the chilling effect of lawsuits from harming the progression of science. On top of that, the internal review at the journal found no issues with the study after making some minor alterations to appease the angry.didn't see fit to re-publish, however.Look, if you're a climate change denier, that's cool. I don't agree with you, but feel free to write up your own research, publish any compelling information you can come up with, and all the rest. Consensus is never something I've been much interested in; I'd rather have multiple ideas to choose from and study. And, hey, if you think we never landed on the moon, Hitler was actually fighting the lizard-people now running world government, and 9/11 was all a holographic light-show designed to allow George Bush to fulfill his childhood dream of landing on an aircraft carrier in a flightsuit, have at it. Iyou to let me know you believe in that stuff, because that's how I'll know to keep my future children away from you.But the other side of the coin is that we shouldn't be allowing your side to silence science, either. Fair is fair, after all.
Filed Under: chilling effects, climate change, legal threats, scientific research, uk
The US Defense Department's Strategic Capabilities Office (SCO) is advancing its swarming drone concept, a key asset in the department's wider third offset strategy.
During a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington this week, DOD Secretary Ash Carter teased news on the SCO's swarming drones operating on the sea and in the air.
“In fact, this technology took a large step forward this week,” Carter says. “You'll be hearing about it more in the months to come.”
During his time as deputy secretary of defense, Carter stood up the SCO in 2012 to breath new life into existing platforms within the DOD's inventory. Last year, the office revealed its Arsenal Plane concept, a standoff system with a large weapons carriage that would support forward aircraft.
SCO director William Roper did not elaborate on the swarming UAV plan, besides telling an audience at CSIS that they would have more to discuss in the months to come. Still, the SCO is keeping its best ideas behind the door, Roper says.
That could indicate that the SCO's swarming concept will not be Perdix, which Roper spoke about at length to reporters earlier this summer. The palm-sized, expendable UAV springs out of a fighter jet's chaff dispenser and flies low to capture video. The forward and rear wings fold to fit inside the flare cannister, with a propeller to push the vehicle forward.
“We've designed it for speed and all weather but the numbers are numbers we protect because they tell you about the capability,” Roper told reporters this summer. “Part of the reason for building a Perdix is to try to give the commanders a bit of a surprise about what a big aircraft can do.”
During missions in more contested environments, the fighter pilot could choose to remove the Perdix and keep the flares on the aircraft, Roper says.
“If you're out fighting a terrorist organization that's hiding under terrain features, you're probably not as worried about having chaff and countermeasures,” he says. “But you may be more concerned about ISR assets getting down under difficult to see overhanging structures.”
The SCO tests Perdix on an almost monthly basis and the video is transmitted to a ground control station which monitors the UAV. The SCO would like the Perdix to transmit information to the cockpit, but the office does not want to ask the US Air Force or Navy to fund that capability until the UAV is proven, Roper says.
“So we're designing with the future in mind, but not making anything difficult up front,” he says.
Jim Acosta Defends Anti-Police Protesters – Gets Owned on Twitter
Very fake news CNN's Jim Acosta stepped on a rake Saturday after he defended anti-police protesters while attacking President Trump on Twitter without fact-checking.
President Trump sent out a series of Tweets Saturday after violence erupted at a Boston free speech rally. As usual, left-wing Antifa terrorists showed up to violently attack police officers and Trump supporters.
Boston Police Department Commissioner William Evans told reporters on Saturday that leftist protesters hurled bottles full of urine at the police.
President Trump called out the anti-police agitators by tweeting, “Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston, Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.”
So far 27 leftists have been arrested.
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 19, 2017
Jim Acosta took to his Twitter account to attack President Trump instead of condemning the violence coming from Antifa. Acosta tweeted, “Yet POTUS tweeted about ‘many anti-police agitators.' What happened to waiting on the facts to come in?”
This was hours after the Boston Police confirmed protesters were throwing rocks, bottles of urine and other harmful projectiles at police officers, but when have facts every mattered to CNN or Jim Acosta?
Yet POTUS tweeted about "many anti-police agitators." What happened to waiting on the facts to come in? https://t.co/GionN9G6GU — Jim Acosta (@Acosta) August 19, 2017
Acosta got owned by the truth tellers on Twitter:
https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/899037111650668544
Maybe he got the information directly from Boston PD https://t.co/fRHqL2ePW9 — Mrs. Opinionated 🇺🇸 (@1MrsOpinionated) August 19, 2017
He did Acosta. How dense are you. The Boston PD tweeted all day their tweets are available. "Police were pelted with bottles of urine" — Marineparent2 (@freemasonusa2) August 19, 2017
Plenty of videos of trump supporters and cops getting assaulted. Either you're too lazy to view them or you're choosing not to address them. — CHET UBETCHA (@gjuicykumquat) August 19, 2017
https://twitter.com/USAkidsFirst/status/899040249996865538
THANK YOU! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 1, 2017
President Trump's well-delivered speech to Congress on Tuesday night answered one major question — whether he could offer the country a less divisive tone — but provided almost no clarity about how he hopes to fulfill the promises that he made in his campaign.
In addition to “massive” tax cuts and additional write-offs, Trump talked of spending tens of billions more on the military and $1 trillion on infrastructure projects, with no explanation of how to achieve that without expanding the debt, which he criticized his predecessor, President Obama, for having increased.
Similarly, he made promises to come up with a health plan that would simultaneously expand choice, lower costs and improve access. But he said nothing about how that would happen.
Triumph thought they were creating the sports car of the future, but in reality they had built what would become one of Britain's most maligned creations. Even TR faithful regularly turn their backs on the poor TR7. It wasn't all bad, but once stereotypes are formed, they are hard to break. As a result, parts supply are relatively slim and values have stayed low. That isn't necessarily bad if you want a cheap project or if you want to build one of these… We aren't sure who started this whole thing, but there is a small group of guys who like to take unassuming car bodies and stick them on 4×4 chassis. This TR7 has been dropped on a CJ7 frame and is powered by a 302 V8 from a Monte Carlo. Take a look here on craigslist where it's listed for $4,800. The seller claims that they have even used it as a daily driver! I'm not encouraging this type of thing, but honestly it does seem like a good use for a car that is so disdained. What do you think?
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A member of the Minnesota National Guard and self-described commander of a militia group was charged Wednesday with stealing names, Social Security numbers and security clearance levels of roughly 400 members of his former Army unit in Fort Bragg, N.C., so he could make fake IDs for his militia members.
According to a federal complaint and affidavit obtained Wednesday by The Associated Press, Keith Michael Novak, 25, of Maplewood, threatened to use violence if authorities came to arrest him.
“I've my AK in my bed. If I hear that door kick, it's going boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. I'm just going to start putting them through the (expletive) wall,” he told an undercover FBI employee in July, according to the affidavit unsealed Wednesday.
Novak was charged with committing fraud in connection with identification documents. He was in federal custody Wednesday and unavailable for comment. His father has an unlisted number, and attempts to reach him were unsuccessful. The federal defender's office has the case, but an attorney had not been selected to represent him by Wednesday evening.
According to an FBI affidavit, Novak was an active duty soldier and intelligence analyst with the 82nd Airborne Division at Fort Bragg from Feb. 26, 2009, to Sept. 3, 2012. He also served in active duty in Iraq in 2010. Novak is currently a human intelligence analyst with the Minnesota National Guard.
In late January, he went to a training camp in Utah and there met two undercover FBI employees who posed as members of a Utah-based militia, according to the affidavit. It also said Novak told the undercover employees that he took classified materials from Fort Bragg and that he would share the materials with them.
The undercover employees met Novak in Minnesota in July, and he gave them an electronic copy of classified documents and taught them how to encrypt files, the affidavit said. He also said that he had a personnel roster — including names, birthdates and Social Security numbers — of a “Battalion's-worth of people” from his former unit.
The undercover employees said they wanted that information and knew someone who could make fake IDs, which Novak said he needed for his militia. On Nov. 4, Novak sent the information for 44 individuals to an undercover FBI employee. On Nov. 25, he accepted $2,000 and said he had additional pages to sell, the affidavit said.
Lt. Col. Kevin Olson, spokesman for the Minnesota National Guard, said the guard is aware of the charges, and is cooperating with the FBI investigation.
Lt. Col. Virginia McCabe, spokeswoman for the 82nd Airborne Division, said the unit will work with the appropriate authorities.
The affidavit also sheds light on some of Novak's militia activities. In September, Novak and members of his militia group conducted a military-style field training exercise in rural Minnesota.
On one occasion, a man went to a storage unit with Novak and saw six “flak vests” that belonged to the 82nd Airborne Division. The affidavit alleged Novak stole the vests when unit members left them unattended. Novak had also previously given 10 flak jackets to members of his militia, the affidavit said.
He told the man with him that he also had camouflage netting and riot gear and intended to start burying caches of equipment.
The complaint and affidavit were initially sealed because Novak had made several statements that suggest he might flee or resort to violence.
In July, he allegedly spoke to an undercover employee about escape routes and said he would barricade himself in his apartment and call “my guys” to come help. He also said that he had “5000 rounds, a thousand of it is in magazines, ready to go,” the affidavit said.
Novak also told the undercover employee that he sleeps with guns and was ready to shoot through the wall, the affidavit said, and has weapons hiding throughout the state.
Bobby Jindal doesn't understand birth control The Louisiana governor tries to moderate his party's contraception stance, but gets his facts completely wrong
Call off the culture war over birth control, left and right! Bobby Jindal has an elegant solution to rise above the fray. Or so he thinks.
Seizing on recommendations from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists that some hormonal birth control be available over the counter, the Louisiana governor and presumed presidential hopeful seeks to play them against the Affordable Care Act. He claims that Obama's big government is actually making it harder for women to access birth control, despite the fact that the ACOG recommendations would work best in tandem with the Affordable Care Act birth control provisions, not instead of them.
Advertisement:
Making birth control more accessible in any way possible is generally a good idea. But in Jindal's haste to find "the end of birth control politics," he ignores some crucial benefits of the Affordable Care Act as well as the deep-seated opposition to many forms of birth control, not just insurance coverage of it, among his own allies.
"We have been stupid to let the Democrats demagogue the contraceptive issue," Jindal writes. This neatly elides the fact that it was Republicans in Congress and the party's presidential candidates (led by Rick "Birth control is not OK" Santorum) who spent months this year "demagoguing" this issue, calling it an infringement on religious liberty. Democrats may have set them a trap that also energized a crucial part of the base, but Republicans enthusiastically marched into it.
And, as Adam Sonfield, senior public policy associate at the Guttmacher Institute, puts it, "He's attempting to sidestep the actual policy argument before us: it's never been about whether contraception is legally available for Americans to purchase. Rather, it's been about conservatives' attacks on the programs, policies and providers that would make the full range of contraceptive options accessible and affordable, particularly for disadvantaged Americans."
As for the "religious liberty" claim on insurance coverage, which Jindal endorses, Sonfield says, "This is not about forcing people with 'a religious objection to contraception' to 'purchase it for others.' When your boss contributes to your health insurance premiums, it's no different than when he pays you a salary or provides you with sick leave, or contributes to the Health Savings Accounts that Governor Jindal so strongly supports. Rather, your boss is compensating you for your work, and how you make use of your salary and benefits should be your business, and yours alone. No boss should have the right to impose his religious beliefs on your private actions."
Making oral contraceptives available over the counter is a partial solution at best, because it doesn't fix the cost issue and the related concern of access to long-acting, reversible contraception, which Obamacare directly addresses. Requiring that all insurance plans fully cover birth control without a copay is meant to make it easier for women to access the most effective forms of birth control, which tend to be more expensive and harder to get insurance to cover; it's unlikely you'll ever be able to get an IUD inserted at a pharmacy. It's also supposed to remove any cost barrier, at least for insured women, the ranks of which the ACA is intended to expand. The ACOG recommendations mainly gave a medical imprimatur to the idea that you don't need a doctor's visit to get the most commonly prescribed form of birth control, but conceded that there was no way of knowing how much those pills would cost, especially if they were the more complex compounds that some women need to avoid side effects. "Any plans to improve access to OCs by moving towards behind-the-counter or over-the-counter access should address issues of cost," was as far ACOG got.
Jindal also doesn't mention Medicaid or Title X funding to Planned Parenthood, which goes toward contraceptive access for low-income women. But given how much his Republican colleagues want to get rid of both Title X and Planned Parenthood funding, that would interfere with Jindal's magic plan to "take contraception out of the political arena."
Advertisement:
"Thanks to President Obama and the pro-choice lobby, women can buy the morning-after pill over the counter without a prescription, but women cannot buy oral contraceptives over the counters unless they have a prescription," Jindal writes. At first glance, this seems like giving bipartisan credit where it's due, until you realize that many on Jindal's side erroneously equate with abortion the high dose of hormonal birth control pills taken up to 72 hours after unprotected sex. To those attuned to this particular dog-whistle, Jindal is implying President Obama and "the pro-choice lobby" are conspiring to make it easier for women to "abort" (by which they mean blocking an hours-old fertilized egg from implantation, which the morning after pill has never been shown to do) than to prevent. To most everyone else, it just seems like a twist of ridiculous government bureaucracy, and Jindal gets to have it both ways without conceding that the main opposition to emergency contraception access comes from his own camp.
And Jindal conveniently doesn't mention the fact that young people under 17 are unable to access emergency contraception without a prescription, despite the fact that the sooner you take it, the more effective it is. This was first due to a politicized handling of medicine under Bush, and more recently a politicized handling of medicine under Obama, both of them acquiescing to the hysteria of social conservatives like Jindal. Which brings us to another pressing issue that Jindal addresses only indirectly: Minors' access to contraception. He writes, "Parents who believe, as I do, that their teenage children shouldn't be involved in sex at all do not deserve ridicule." That's true, but do they deserve the ability to deny their "teenage children" access to birth control if they're going to have sex anyway? He says these over-the-counter rules should apply to women over 18, despite the fact that the ACOG recommendations didn't say that at all.
State policies vary in allowing minors to confidentially access birth control in all or some circumstances, but the U.S. Supreme Court has recognized the right of minors to access birth control privately, because the right to privacy does not “come into being magically only when one attains the state-defined age of majority." This, of course, has been politicized -- not by the public health community, but again, by Jindal himself in this Op-Ed. Just because you want to pretend to be above politics doesn't mean they magically go away.
Two Powerful Studies Expose Manipulation Of Climate “Debate”
September 17th, 2015 by Sandy Dechert
“Propaganda,” hard-liners will initially scoff. A huge mass of evidence, painstakingly collected and parsed, points to the opposite conclusion. We have apparently been over and over effed.
A team of three investigative reporters and five other staff members at InsideClimate News unraveled the details of the Exxon story. Forty years ago, Exxon led the study of climatology and documentation of the curious stifling of earth's atmosphere by greenhouse gases proliferated by man. The ICN report documents through primary sources how petroleum industry leaders realized that revealing the facts on carbon dioxide emissions could impact profits, and how they deliberately fogged the truth in multimillion-dollar waves of denial.
“ICN's reporters interviewed former Exxon employees, scientists, and federal officials, and consulted hundreds of pages of internal Exxon documents, many of them written between 1977 and 1986, during the heyday of Exxon's innovative climate research program. ICN combed through thousands of documents from archives including those held at the University of Texas-Austin, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and the American Association for the Advancement of Science.”
Neela Banerjee, Lisa Song, and David Hasemyer put together the investigation for ICN. Part Two comes out today. Banerjee sums up eight months of fact-finding on video here.
From today's report:
“After reading the first chapter of InsideClimate News‘ series on Exxon's carbon dioxide research, the company declined to answer specific questions. In an email, Exxon spokesman Richard D. Keil said he would no longer respond to inquiries from InsideClimate News, and added, ‘ExxonMobil scientists have been involved in climate research and related policy analysis for more than 30 years, yielding more than 50 papers in peer-reviewed publications.'”
The second study yesterday reveals how executives of other mega-corporations have perpetuated misinformation to protect profits, and how politicians are still either falling for it or bribed into submission. The authors “forensically evaluated the 100 leading, publicly traded companies along with 30 trade associations and …scored them according to the extent to which they are exerting this influence.”
InfluenceMap—an avowedly neutral, independent UK nonprofit set up to map, analyze, and score the extent to which corporations are influencing climate policy and legislation worldwide—conducted this body of research. The Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust supports the organization. The table from the report shows its sector-by-sector results.
Automotive The clear leaders are the Japanese trio of Nissan, Honda and Toyota. Nissan stands out as ranking second in our system and perhaps not coincidentally, second in both the EU and US EPAmetrics on fleet emissions. The company's outspoken CEO Carlos Ghosn has messaged his support for stronger GHG emissions standards as well as policy support for electric vehicle infrastructure, both of which could help his company's position as the global leader in electric vehicles. Consumer Staples The leaders in this sector are Unilever, Nestle and Coca-Cola. Unilever scores higher than any other corporation in our survey with an organizational score of 95%. Our study of Unilever's CEO messaging, legislative consultations and official disclosures shows strong support for a UN treaty, a robust price on carbon and progressive reform of the EU Emissions Trading Scheme. Nestle displays similar traits although to a slightly lesser extent. Utilities The three leading companies are National Grid, Iberdrola and EDF. Iberdrola in particular voice strong support for a 2 degrees-based UN treaty backed up with support for a robust EU Emissions Trading Scheme and early introduction of a Market Stability Reserve to allow for long-term renewable energy investment. Industrials The two leaders in this sector are ABB and United Technologies. ABB's CEO messaging on low carbon policy and the company has demonstrated support for energy efficiency targets in Europe. United Technologies likewise has shown support at the US Congressional level for energy efficiency standards in the US. The business interests of both companies are clearly intertwined with the increased adoption of energy efficiency technology. Information Technology The Silicon Valley trio of Google, Cisco and Apple lead this powerful sector. All relatively young companies, they have less deep relationships with trade associations who may oppose climate regulation and relatively few legacy connections with the high carbon economy. A key area of policy engagement for Apple and Google and others is support of a regulatory framework to facilitate renewable energy proliferation. Energy Of the thirteen energy companies (all fossil fuel based) in our survey the top ranked are ENI,Shell and Total. As might be expected the sector performs far worse than any other, with the companies demonstrating a complex array of engagements with various strands of climate change regulations. US energy giants Chevron, Exxon Mobil and Phillips 66 lag in this sector withKoch Industries scoring last of any company on our list with an Organizational Score of 13%.
You can download the project summary here.
The ICN and InfluenceMap reports show that industry employees uncovered the danger of rising atmospheric CO2 levels early enough to preclude major environmental and social impacts. Today, a widening chorus of scientists agrees that our chances of doing so have fallen to two out of three. Culpability rests with corporate persons, not individuals. But when will we start taking our own advice? Will it then be too late?
People often describe the current conservative movement in Canada, as well as several other countries, as involving an “improbable” coalition, assembling groups that seem to have rather little in common. The two most often pointed to are libertarians and Christian “social conservatives,” who not only take different positions on many specific questions – such as abortion, physician-assisted suicide, marijuana, gay marriage, etc. – but have fundamentally different views about the role of the state in society. Social conservatives generally want a more intrusive state, one that takes sides on controversial moral questions and enforces particular views. In other words, they reject what we in political theory call “liberal neutrality,” or the doctrine of limited government that says the state has no business trying to control behaviour in the private domain. Libertarians, on the other hand, want a state that is even less intrusive than the one we have – ideally, one that stays out of people's lives almost entirely, intervening only when necessary to defend their rights. Libertarians, therefore, endorse what one might call “liberal neutrality plus.” They are not just liberal, but ultraliberal.
This would appear to make for strange bedfellows. And yet it is not so strange, if one moves beyond abstract political ideology and looks at the specific policies that each group winds up favouring. That is because social conservatives often realize that they can't get their first-best outcome, and so they wind up supporting what is, for them, a second-best outcome, which is often a libertarian arrangement. This is because of what Rawls called “the fact of pluralism.” Living in a pluralistic society, especially one in which people subscribe to all kinds of different religions, the first-best outcome for the Christian social conservative, which is some kind of close-knit biblical community, becomes practically unobtainable. So instead, they wind up supporting a state that does as little as possible, so that they can retreat into isolated communities, as free as possible from “liberal” cultural influences, in order to preserve their “values.” This brings them into agreement with many libertarians, who want to make it easier for people to opt out of shared institutional arrangements.
There is no better illustration of this dynamic than in the current debate over sex education in Ontario public schools. Right now we have a group of religious fundamentalists pushing back hard against the new curriculum, but because the coalition is made up of Muslims, Christians, Hindus and Sikhs (primarily), they all realize that none of them can get their first-best arrangement – which is a curriculum that teaches their specific “values” (e.g. the importance of modesty, purity, chastity, etc.). So what they are demanding is that there be no curriculum at all. The banner they are rallying under is one of “parental choice” – something that is, of course, quite congenial to the libertarian.
I want to unpack this a little bit, in order to show how the logic of the position unfolds – how different people wind up taking the positions that they take. In particular, I want to explain how a bunch of people who are essentially hostile to liberalism could wind up pushing for institutional arrangements that are even more liberal than the one they are opposing. I think this is interesting both inherently, but also politically, when it comes to understanding the significance of what I have been calling the “Kenney coalition” – the recent alliance, forged largely in the outer suburbs of Toronto, of “social conservatives” coming from religious backgrounds of various stripes, including a very large number of recent immigrants. (I should mention that approximately 3.5 million people live in these “outer suburbs,” giving them a population just slightly smaller than that of the province of Alberta.)
First, it's important to be clear about what the people protesting the sex education curriculum are demanding. Above all, it is important to recognize that they have already been offered the standard “multicultural” accommodation, which is that they are entitled to opt out from most of the curriculum (the sex part, not the parts dealing with “health, safety or human rights.”) So for the most part, their children don't have to go to the classes if they don't want them to. Many of the parents and leaders of the movement reject this, however, on the grounds that they don't want anyone else's children being taught the curriculum either. Why? Because those children might talk to their children. So, for instance, there has been a great deal of fuss over the plan to teach children the names of their body parts in Grade 1. Parents complain that, even if they opt out of this, or keep their children home that day, the children will still learn those words, because all the other children will have learned them. This they regard as unacceptable.
I mention this just to make it clear that the demands being made by the protestors are ones that simply cannot be satisfied within the context of a liberal multicultural society. The idea that you should be able to control the content of what other people's children learn, because it conflicts with your own religious values, is basically a demand that you be able to impose your values on others. It's as if Jews were to get together and insist that ham sandwiches not be served in the cafeteria, because other people's children might eat them, and might even mention to their children how great they taste. Admittedly, it's hard to maintain food taboos in a society where the majority doesn't share them, but that doesn't give you an argument for imposing your taboos on others. The same obviously goes for sexual taboos.
So just to be clear, the parents who are currently protesting the curriculum are making demands that cannot be accommodated within the “standard framework” of a liberal society. The demands are, in that sense, illiberal (which is why media commentary has been uniformly unsympathetic). There is, however, one route that remains open, and that is what pushes these parents in the direction of ultraliberalism. Notice that the conflict is only occurring in the public school system. This is why, among Christians, only Protestant evangelicals have been getting exercised. Conspicuously absent has been the voice of conservative Catholics. Why? Because Catholics have their own school system in Ontario, and their own curriculum, which they are able to tailor to suit their particular “values.”
So there is one thing that the religiously motivated protestors could coherently demand – their own school systems. In other words, they could demand the dissolution of the public school system in its entirely (since there is no way of reconciling the conflicting demands on that system, given that parents are demanding the right to dictate what other people's children are being taught), to be replaced by a set of religious schools catering to every constituency. Again, just to be clear, the protestors are not currently demanding this – they are simply making demands that can only be satisfied in this way (or else through home-schooling). Furthermore, separate schools would not be an entirely crazy demand, since it is, in effect, what the Progressive Conservative party was promising several elections back (John Tory, while leader, promised to make all private school tuition fully tax-deductible, basically allowing anyone to opt out of the public school system with compensation). Furthermore, if Catholics have publicly funded private schools, why shouldn't everyone else?
Again, one can see how this arrangement would be highly congenial to the libertarian, and it provides a nice illustration of the pressures that lead from a social conservative position to a libertarian one. The problem, however, as the PC party learned several elections back, is that the broader public has very little interest in this sort of ultra-liberalism. If you ask people in Ontario whether they would rather get rid of the Catholic school system, or allow every religious minority to have its own school system, the majority preference will be to get rid of the Catholic school system. Otherwise how on earth could you integrate immigrants? The idea that we should be making it easy for parents to teach their children whatever they want, and should be able to dramatically limit their child's exposure to “mainstream” society, is one that many people baulk at. For instance, one way of limiting your child's exposure to liberal values is to ensure that they don't learn English. Or what if parents decide that they don't want their children learning any science? One can see here how this becomes the “paradox” of social conservatism. People who worry a lot about “shared values” and the possibility that “the centre cannot hold” wind up recommending institutional arrangements that generate – or rather, exacerbate – precisely those concerns.
This is all worth keeping in mind, when it comes to assessing the prospects of the Kenney coalition. Those who fret remind me of people who worry about the far-right parties in Europe entering into some kind of alliance. This doesn't strike me as particularly worrisome, precisely because the major thing that these parties share is hatred of foreigners (i.e. each other), which rather limits the extent to which they can cooperate with one another. Similarly, the only thing that the various conservative religious groups have in common is that the current set of liberal arrangements is incompatible with their vision of how society should be organized. And yet each group has a different vision of how things should be organized. Because of these differences, along with the strictness of their demands (in particular, their need to control the social “environment,” and thus to limit the freedoms of others), the only arrangement that could meet all of their demands is an ultraliberal one. And the ultraliberal arrangement is one that, in many respects, and from their own perspective, is even worse than the liberal one. (“Choice” is not such a great slogan, when what you really want are limits on sexual freedom and expression.)
The only way out of this blind alley, as far as I can see, is for these groups to recognize that they need to adjust their demands, or their expectations, in order to make them compatible with the basic structural constraints that are imposed by life in a liberal, pluralistic society. (As a bonus, if they were to do so, they might discover — surprise surprise — that this is precisely where the norms of liberal society come from. They are the set of rules that we settle upon, once we realize that we have no choice but to live together under a set of shared institutions, and that this will require compromise on all sides.)
So what should we say to the protestors, who are currently camped out in parks, creating “alternative schools” for their children? I'm inclined to say that nothing should be done – we should just wait, and let winter take care of them. That or they really should be home-schooling their children. I mentioned Farina Siddiqui, one of the protest leaders, in my previous post on this topic. She has been threatening to withdraw her children from the public system and to home-school them. But listening to a few interviews with her, it's become clear to me that this is probably what she should do, since the demands that she is making simply cannot be accommodated by the public school system. So it's really not clear why she's out protesting, instead of just teaching her kids — and I suspect it's just a matter of time before she realizes this.
"The goal is not to limit birth rates," said Minister Kaffa Rékiatou Christian Jackou. "The goal is to have a strong, responsible and active working population." Jackou is the minister for population in Niger, the African country with the highest population growth rate, where a woman gives birth to an average of 7.6 children.
According to Jackou, population increase should become a problem only if there is no economic opportunity in a given country. Influencing the number of births is a sensitive issue in Africa, a continent where prosperity is defined in many places by the number of children one has.
The African Union (AU) intends to tackle this sensitive issue at its summit on Monday. But the challenges are enormous. The United Nations forecasts that the population of Africa will almost quadruple to 4.5 billion by 2100 from the current 1.2 billion people. Nigeria today has about 180 million inhabitants. This figure is expected to rise to 800 million by 2100. It's unclear how so many people can be nourished and provided with jobs.
The AU could therefore enact new measures to reduce the number of births. But in a recent statement by the body, the focus was different. It said it wants to "use the demographic dividend" by investing in youth. Ethiopia's Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn formulated it on behalf of his country: "We believe that we can create tens of thousands of new jobs by offering youth training in entrepreneurial skills and mentoring. This will stimulate economic growth and ultimately help young people and women to become economically independent."
Better education and a stronger economy should absorb population growth
First work, then family!
In economics, demographic dividend means the economic potential of changing age structures in a society. Economists see a chance for growth where there is a high proportion of young people of working age. But it's not that simple, according to Agbada Mangalu Mobhe, professor of population and development sciences at the University of Kinshasa. He thinks population growth must always be seen in the context of the development of existing resources.
Economic growth must come first if a growing population is to be viable, Mangalu Mobhe said. "Children are not productive from the outset: They must first be raised and be sent to school. You have to ensure your health and organize your free time. This temporal discrepancy means that population growth often entails the impoverishment of society." He added that if parents of a family with 10 children could give them all an education and the means to financial independence, they would see no problem.
The threshing of cereal crops in Niger requires many workers
Planned according to reality
In a world of limited resources, however, starting opportunities for newborns are not always very good. In many countries in Africa, internationally funded family counseling programs are often designed to help parents take account of their life situation while planning their families. Access to contraceptives is a crucial point that the AU also addresses in its strategy paper. If young people's need for modern contraceptive methods is met, the number of unwanted pregnancies can be reduced by 70 percent, the document states.
Child-rich Niger is not lacking in educational campaigns. But the population is still growing there by almost 4 percent annually. Ethnologist Mossi Mariama Hima agrees that people should be given information, but he says the campaigns do not mirror the reality of the population. "The vast majority of Nigeriens, about 83.8 percent, live in the country. They live on farming, which in return relies on simple techniques. The population depends heavily on its workforce."
Niger's Jackou said women expect the heads of states to make a clear commitment to improving education systems at all levels and to providing them with a fund. The factor of education is relevant in several respects. Not only does it give the growing generation better prospects for the future: Studies also show that higher education delays entry into marriage. The result is that women would possibly become mothers neither as often nor as early.
.
(An editorial from IATP president, Juliette Majot in response to an April 25, 2015 editorial in the Minneapolis StarTribune endorsing Fast Track legislation currently before Congress.)
Fast-track Trade Promotion Authority (TPA), supported by the Star Tribune in an April 25 editorial (“Congress should pass ‘fast track' on trade”), requires Congress to all but abandon its oversight role in trade negotiations, reducing that role to a yes-or-no vote on negotiating texts of enormous importance to nearly every part of our economy and governmental operations.
The Star Tribune writes that critics of U.S. trade policy “mischaracterize” this trade negotiations system as “somehow secretive.” In fact, the U.S. trade representative has chosen to negotiate trade agreements under Executive Order 13526, which classifies negotiations as national security information. The public cannot read what is being negotiated ostensibly on its behalf until the agreement is completed, signed by the president and presented to Congress. Under “fast track,” no amendments are allowed. Indeed, members of Congress can currently only read the negotiating texts under armed guard and without being able to take notes. Only advisers cleared by the trade representative, overwhelmingly corporate lobbyists, have substantive input to the content of the negotiating texts. This process is the very definition of “secretive.”
The TPA requirement to make the final text public 60 days before the president signs it is a disingenuous feint toward democracy. Finally, making a text public that has been negotiated for years by the U.S. trade representative and corporate advisers and that cannot be changed by Congress, even to determine whether the trade representative has complied with congressional negotiating objectives, is democracy in name only.
The editorialists point to “stringent conditions on labor standards, human trafficking, currency manipulation and other key issues” in the TPA bills as reasons for support. But no trade agreement has ever enforced labor standards. For example, labor standards in the United States-Colombia Trade Promotion Agreement, passed in 2006, did not trigger any trade sanctions following an increase in the assassination of trade union officials by paramilitary groups affiliated with the Colombian government.
“Fast track” is an outdated approach to trade — a relic of when negotiations were focused on cutting tariffs and quotas. The two major trade agreements being negotiated by the Obama administration — the Trans-Pacific Partnership with 11 Pacific Rim countries and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership with Europe — are much more about regulations and government policy. These trade deals will set binding policy at the national, state and local level on things like food and environmental safety, financial regulation, labor rights and government procurement, among other issues. And they will expand special rights for foreign corporations to challenge U.S. regulations they believe impede on their future profits. Trade deals such as these that will have such a broad impact on all Americans require more, not less, public scrutiny and congressional oversight.
There is precedent for greater disclosure of trade agreements, as they are negotiated, as well as a more proactive role of Congress before the agreements are completed. Last fall, more than 600 organizations signed a letter to Congress and the president calling for a fast track in which Congress sets negotiating objectives before negotiations begin; certifies that those objectives have been met before completion and approves the deal before the president signs it. There are other — and better — ways to conduct trade policy in a democracy than “fast track.”
Before the Star Tribune Editorial Board blesses trade agreements it has not read (which it could not do, even if it wanted to), it should at least understand how trade agreements are negotiated, by whom and for whom.
This piece originally appeared on BillMoyers.com.
When I saw that Donald Trump has charged unnamed “media” with “want[ing] debate moderators to ‘go after' him,” my mind reeled back in time.
High-ranking among the shall-we-dance rituals performed every four years by journalists and the presidential campaigns is the degrading game of setting expectations. In 2000, when George W. Bush ran for president against Al Gore, his campaign put out the line that Gore was such an accomplished debater it would be all Bush could do to hold his own. When Bush succeeded in speaking, at times, in whole sentences, he was deemed to have done “better than expected,” which counted as a win in the debased horse race terms to which we have become accustomed.
Advertisement:
In one of those debates, Gore was widely considered to have committed a gaffe when he walked up to Bush and asked him, ineptly, to take a position on a Patients' Bill of Rights (“Dingell-Norwood”) then before Congress. The following Sunday, on ABC's "This Week," George Stephanopoulos gamely tried to clarify what Gore had so awkwardly been talking about, an issue that actually could have a direct impact on voters' lives. But those masters of insider mirth, Cokie Roberts and Sam Donaldson, made hay over how funny “Dingell-Norwood” sounded. The major impression they left: Gore is a klutz. That fit their narrative: The helpless wonky Al Gore is roped in by the Beltway. Not a guy you could sit down and start a war with.
A refreshing number of reporters have, in recent days, woken up to Trump's serial lies, his changes of subject, his refusal to answer straight questions. They've shown they understand that they have to keep hammering, even at his enablers, to get any shot at a straight answer. On Sunday's "This Week," Martha Raddatz unrelentingly kept after Mike Pence as he dissembled — hell, lied — about Trump's birther obsession.
RADDATZ: We counted since April of 2011, and that's the year that Barack Obama gave his long form birth certificate from Hawaii. We counted 67 times where Donald Trump tweeted or retweeted messages questioning his birthplace. He has kept this going. He has been a leader in this birther movement. PENCE: Well, and I know there's news reports that trace this birther movement all the way back to Hillary Clinton's campaign back in 2008. RADDATZ: You believe that Hillary Clinton started the birther movement. PENCE: Look, I'll let the facts speak for themselves. RADDATZ: Well, no, I want to talk about the facts. What's the proof of that?
The L word even showed up in a Times headline: “Donald Trump Clung to ‘Birther' Lie for Years, and Still Isn't Apologetic.” The article introduced thusly, by Michael Barbaro, was technically a “news analysis,” not a “straight news” piece. But still, progress is progress. The Washington Post's Eric Wemple picked up the cue and ran with it:
Journalism is now examining how it should treat Donald Trump. Shouldn't we signal to readers high up in stories that he's a liar? That he's a racist? The answer from The New York Times today appears to be yes. “Unwinding a Lie: Donald Trump and ‘Birtherism,'” reads the headline of a story written by reporter Michael Barbaro. If The New York Times had ever before published such a strong headline in its news section, this lifelong reader surely missed it. “I didn't write the headline, but I like it,” says Joe Kahn, the Timesman who is now moving from three titles — assistant editor for international, international editor and co-leader of the NYT Global group — to a single, more exalted one — managing editor. “That piece shows that where there is a clear falsehood, that covering it in an entirely traditional way in which the headline appears to indicate a wide range of possibilities and quote a wide range of sources and step back with the premise that you're going to let the reader decide for himself or herself … didn't feel quite right.”
Interviewing New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie on the same subject, CNN's Jake Tapper once again stepped up as recounted in a story on the network's website:
Though Trump had been asked whether he now believes Obama was born in the United States as recently as 2016 and hadn't affirmed that position, Christie refuted [they meant rebutted — TG] Tapper's questioning saying: “It's just not true that he kept it up for five years.” Tapper: “Sure he did.” Christie: “It's simply not true.” Tapper: “It is true.” Christie: “No, Jake. It wasn't like he was talking about it on a regular basis … And when the issue was raised, he made very clear the other day what his position is.”
If you believe Chris Christie, I have a George Washington Bridge you might want to stop traffic on.
As for Trump, his game is crystal clear. It's the game of the thug. He's going way beyond Bush's 2000 conventional exercise in expectation-lowering. What you'll see and hear isn't about his performance; it's about the moderators': He aims to pre-insulate himself from serious questioning. He's whining already: They hit me first! They're in the tank! Bring back Matt Lauer! If a moderator corrects a falsehood, points out that he hasn't answered a question, asks him to do so — all of which they are obliged to do if they care about truth — he'll accuse them of doing Hillary Clinton's work for her. If they toss him anything but a cream puff, he'll say he told us so, those disgusting reporters have rigged the game against him.
Trump is showing his hand. He's trying to cow journalists out of doing their work. The moderators will decide whether he runs away with the game.
Flights departing for the United States, Canada and the Caribbean were held on the ground while engineers at NATS, which provides air traffic control services, fixed a computer problem.
The fault happened at 8am BST at the Shanwick air traffic control unit, which handles all aircraft in oceanic airspace between western Europe and the US from its office in Prestwick, Ayrshire. It was eventually fixed shortly after 11am.
Delays of up to three hours were reported at Heathrow and Gatwick airports.
Eastbound flights from North America towards Britain were also affected, with flights being diverted around the affected airspace.
A spokeswoman for NATS said aircraft already airborne in the Shanwick airspace were being controlled manually.
She added that the failure left controllers with "very limited capacity" which meant hardly any flights could be given clearance to enter the airspace or take off towards the area. "We have put restrictions on aircraft entering oceanic airspace over the North Atlantic."
All airborne aircraft arriving in the UK safely landed using manual systems, she said.
The name Shanwick is a portmanteau of the two air traffic facilities that handle flights operating across the North Atlantic – the Ballygirreen Radio Station, near Shannon Airport in County Clare, Ireland, and the Prestwick Oceanic Area Control Centre (OACC) in Ayrshire.
At peak times, Shanwick handles in excess of 1200 aircraft in a 24 hour period.
It is one of the biggest air traffic control failures since the 2004 collapse of NATS' flight data processing system at West Drayton, near Heathrow.
A statement from NATS said: "At 0800 this morning, a fault developed within the Shanwick Automated Airtraffic System – which manages Oceanic airspace across the North Atlantic from the Prestwick centre in Scotland.
"NATS imposed restrictions on aircraft entering Oceanic airspace. NATS reverted to manual systems which means reduced capacity leading to some delay. There is no safety implication.
"NATS regrets any inconvenience this may cause to travellers."
British Airways said not all of its flights were affected. Its statement said: "Air Traffic Control issues are affecting all airlines operating flights out of the UK on transatlantic routes.
"We, like all airlines, are experiencing some minor delays but our flights are still operating."
Transatlantic flights from Gatwick Airport, including those with Virgin, were among services affected, a BAA Gatwick spokeswoman said.
On the left: Donald Trump's greenroom; on the right: Rand Paul's. | Chris LaCivita via @LaCivitaC Campaigns erupt over greenrooms at third GOP debate Aides to Chris Christie and Rand Paul complain their work spaces look like bathrooms.
BOULDER, Colo. — Just hours before GOP candidates take the stage here Wednesday night, tensions over the Republican National Committee's handling of the debates are flaring anew.
At issue this time: greenrooms.
Story Continued Below
During a tense 30-minute meeting at the Coors Event Center, which was described by three sources present, several lower-polling campaigns lashed out at the RNC. They accused the committee of allotting them less-than-hospitable greenroom spaces while unfairly giving lavish ones to higher-polling candidates, such as Donald Trump and Ben Carson.
The drama began Tuesday afternoon as RNC officials led campaigns on a walk-through of the debate site. After touring the stage, candidates got a peek at what their greenrooms looked like.
Trump was granted a spacious room, complete with plush chairs and a flat-screen TV. Marco Rubio got a theater-type room, packed with leather seats for him and his team of aides. Carly Fiorina's room had a Jacuzzi.
Check out Marcos theater !!!! pic.twitter.com/l2jMfnlwgh — Chris LaCivita (@LaCivitaC) October 27, 2015
Then there was Chris Christie, whose small space was dominated by a toilet. So was Rand Paul's.
After the walk-through ended, RNC officials, led by chief strategist Sean Spicer and director of finance events Anne Marie Hoffman, guided the 35 or so advisers upstairs for a meeting. There, Spicer complained about a series of recent press leaks on RNC-led conference calls with campaigns. He also outlined the planned format for the fourth Republican debate, to be held in Milwaukee and broadcast on Fox Business on Nov. 10.
But with some campaign advisers steaming over what they'd seen during the walk-through, the discussion veered back to greenrooms.
“This is ridiculous,” fumed Christie's campaign manager, Ken McKay. “We're in a restroom.”
Paul's team also piped in, with one adviser, Chris LaCivita, demanding that something be done to remedy the situation.
“Was there any advance done on the campaign work spaces?” he asked. “Because it sure as hell doesn't seem like it.”
Another Paul adviser, Mike Biundo, also chimed in.
“We didn't have these issues four years ago when we had 22 debates,” said Biundo, who in 2012 worked for Rick Santorum.
Hoffman responded: “Trust me, I was on those walk-throughs four years ago.”
“So was I,” Biundo shot back.
The RNC officials agreed to address the campaigns' concerns, saying they would try to fix the problems with their work spaces. At one point during the complaining, Hoffman told the campaign advisers they should reconvene in a sidebar. (Late Tuesday eventing, LaCivita tweeted that his campaign had been granted by the RNC improved facilities and attached a picture of Paul's new workspace.)
Gail Gitcho, an aide to Bobby Jindal, chimed in to say that she'd heard enough about the greenrooms. The focus of the discussion, she said, should be on entry criteria for future debates — which, she argued, had made it hard for her candidate to be seen in prime time.
At various moments, the conversation veered to more substantive matters. Brett O'Donnell, an adviser to Lindsey Graham, suggested altering the debate format so in the future there would be two debates with seven or eight candidates onstage — each lasting 90 minutes, with the participants picked at random. Representatives for Paul and Bush, however, pushed back on the idea.
By the time the meeting wrapped up, this present say, RNC officials seemed exasperated by the whole thing. On Tuesday evening, campaigns received an email from RNC staffer Madeleine Westerhout about Wednesday morning's debate-planning conference call.
“This call is cancelled tomorrow,” the email said. “We will follow up when it is rescheduled.”
RNC officials did not respond to requests for comment.
As the Bulls prepared for their Tuesday meeting with Carmelo Anthony, some members of the team's hierarchy were pessimistic about Chicago's chances of landing Anthony.
“They're worried that he's headed back to New York,” a source with knowledge of the team's thinking said of early Tuesday morning. “They're more pessimistic than optimistic.”
The source wasn't speaking for the entire Chicago front office, just a small segment. So there is reason to believe that not all members of the team's hierarchy shared this opinion.
Also, the Tuesday meeting between Anthony and the Bulls may change this perception among Chicago decision-makers.
But the idea that a portion of the team's front office was pessimistic about its chances to land Anthony bodes well for New York.
ESPN.com's Marc Stein reported over the weekend that the Knicks were quietly confident about their chances of re-signing Anthony due in part to the idea that Anthony and team president Phil Jackson have “connected” somewhat.
Anthony has also stated that it will be difficult for him to uproot his family from New York to another city. And the Knicks, as we all know, can offer Anthony a max contract worth $129 million over five years. It is unclear at this point if the Knicks will offer Anthony a maximum contract.
Other teams can offer Anthony a max deal of $96 million over four years.
Anthony is expected to meet with Dallas and Houston on Wednesday and Los Angeles on Thursday.
Chicago doesn't currently have the cap space to sign Anthony to a maximum contract. The Bulls can create that cap space by moving players but the more likely scenario to obtain Anthony is via a sign and trade. The Rockets are in the same position.
The Dallas Mavericks and Los Angeles Lakers have enough money to offer Anthony a max contract. But Dallas owner Mark Cuban said last week that the Mavericks were not planning on offering any max deals.
You can follow Ian Begley on Twitter.
A giant 27-pound lobster has been caught off the Maine coast, but it won't be going into a pot of boiling water.
Cushing shrimp fisherman Robert Malone caught the monster crustacean in his nets Friday, said Maine State Aquarium Director Aimee Hayden-Rodriques. Malone gave it to the Department of Marine Resources for its aquarium in Boothbay Harbor.
The beast weighed in at 27 pounds and measured nearly 40 inches long. It was dubbed Rocky because it was caught in the Rockland area, but Hayden-Rodriquez said it could have been named for Rocky the boxer because its claws are big enough to pack quite a punch.
The lobster is the biggest ever brought to the aquarium, surpassing the previous biggest one by 4 pounds. It's downright huge compared to lobsters people eat, which typically weigh between 1 and 2 pounds.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
The biggest lobster on record was caught off Nova Scotia and weighed more than 40 pounds.
Hayden-Rodriquez says Rocky will soon be released into the ocean because he'll fare better in the wild.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Fifa has been engulfed by allegations of widespread corruption since this summer
Five sponsors of football's world governing body Fifa have written to its executive committee to demand "independent oversight" of reforms.
Fifa has been engulfed by allegations of corruption since US authorities indicted 14 officials this summer.
The letter was sent from Adidas, McDonald's, Coca-Cola, Visa and the Budweiser brewer Anheuser-Busch.
A Fifa spokeswoman said the five sponsors would play an "important role in the reform process".
Fifa's suspended president Sepp Blatter has always denied any wrongdoing - but in September, he too was made the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation, launched alongside the US inquiry.
Who are the indicted Fifa officials?
Fifa's corruption crisis: Key questions answered
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Fifa's suspended President Sepp Blatter (seen here in May 2011) was made the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation in September 2015
Mr Blatter's one-time likely successor Michel Platini is also suspended and facing a life ban from football.
The scandal erupted in May, with a raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and the arrest of seven Fifa executives - conducted at the behest of the US authorities.
The US has indicted a total of 14 current and former Fifa officials and associates on charges of "rampant, systemic, and deep-rooted" corruption following a major inquiry by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
'Cultural change'
"We know that you, the Executive Committee members, will soon be considering a list of reforms aimed at strengthening Fifa's governance," the sponsors' letter read.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption World football has been convulsed by the US investigation in May
"Transparency, accountability, respect for human rights, integrity, leadership and gender equality are crucial to the future of Fifa. Reforms can set the proper framework for these characteristics, but a cultural change is also needed."
The sponsors were initially promised places on the Fifa reform committee. However, in the end they were offered seats on an advisory board which has yet to be appointed.
But the Fifa spokeswoman said their views would not be ignored.
"We share their passion for the game and are committed to working with them to embrace positive changes so that we can fulfil our mission of promoting football around the world," she said.
A special Fifa congress is due to be held on 26 February that will select a new president and vote on a reform package drawn up by former International Olympic Committee Director General Francois Carrard.
Kyocera, a Japanese printer manufacturer, has filed an official complaint with Advertising Standards Authority in the US blaming recent HP advertisement of being “disingenuous”.
The ad for HP Color LaserJet CP3505 claims that HP laser toner cartridge is the only part of printer needing replacement. Generally, laser printers require a printing drum to be regularly changed, too. However, the ad says nothing about that very drum being included along with its cost into toner cartridge of that printer model, and thus thrown away with deployed cartridge. Nor does the ad warn that HP is not responsible for replacing permanent parts once the warranty is over, though such information is usually given in fine print in footnote, if on paper.
Rob Enderle, a printer analyst and chief of a San Jose-based research firm Enderle Group, said:
“The printer companies, particularly the smaller ones, are trying to stand out and it looks like some are picking fights to get visibility for what makes them different,” Enderle said.
Peter Maude, director of analyst company CharisCo, expressed a dfferent opinion to eWeek:
“I believe HP is guilty of an error of judgment with the misleading wording of its recent advertising. A Colour LaserJet CP3505 user needs to replace only print cartridges under normal low – volume usage. But there is no question of the device not having print drums. They are integrated, as is the cost. The electrostatic paper transport belt is also user-removable, demonstrating that it can be replaced at extra cost as and when necessary.”
HP has not yet commented on the allegation, the company only mentioned the issue is under investigation.
Historical Notes Echo Park development began in 1891 with landscaping a year later. The first Superintendent of Parks for the city was an English immigrant named Joseph Tomlinson who was assigned the task of creating the park. Mr. Tomlinson, being somewhat homesick for his favorite park in Derbyshire, England, decided to model the park after his favorite childhood place to play.
At the same time, the reservoir was closed and the stream was capped. The park superintendent created a 16-acre lake where the reservoir had been. It cost $5,637.00 to create the lake that is now filled with city water. Once that was accomplished, the planting began on the other 15 acres of park. One day, while overseeing the work, Mr. Tomlinson thought he heard his workers talking during a break, but he knew they were across the park from him. The park had an echo! He knew what the name of the park would be! Unfortunately, the plantings he installed destroyed the echo, but the name remained. The park was dedicated and opened to the public in 1895. The famous bed of lotuses that grow in the lake at the northwest end of the park, the largest stand of lotuses outside Asia, is a mystery yet to be solved. One legend says that evangelical Chinese missionaries planted them for use as food, but no one knows the real story. They appeared some time in 1923 or 1924. Nonetheless, they remain a beautiful addition to the park and have inspired the city to sponsor the annual Lotus Festival that celebrates Asian and South Pacific Island cultures.^^ By 1899, city leaders were intent on adding even more green space, by extending the parkland south to Temple Street. Bounded by Temple on the south and Bellevue on the north, the area was completed by 1907, with an extensive network of playing fields and courts for tennis and croquet. Called Echo Park Playground, it was only the second public playground to be built in the city of Los Angeles and still remains today.
Click HERE to see more on the Echo Park Playground. Click HERE to see more contemporary views of Echo Park Lake (1975+).
Buenos Aires -
Die Polizei in der argentinischen Hauptstadt Buenos Aires hat in einem Haus 75 Gegenstände aus der Nazizeit gefunden. Von Adolf-Hitler-Reliefs und Büsten über einen metallenen Reichsadler mit Hakenkreuz und pseudo-medizinischem Gerät zur Vermessung von Köpfen bis hin zu Kinder-Mundharmonikas in einer Schachtel mit Nazi-Symbolen fanden die Ermittler in einem hinter einer falschen Wand versteckten Raum des Hauses ein breites Spektrum an Nazi-Devotionalien, wie die britischen Zeitung „Guardian“ berichtet.
In Buenos Aires gefunden: Schmuckdolch mit Hakenkreuz ap Foto:
Wie das Material dahin kam und seit wann es dort lagert, blieb zunächst unbekannt. Neben den Objekten aus der Nazi-Zeit fanden die Ermittler auch viele antike Kunstgegenstände aus China, Ägypten und Japan.
Sicherheitsministerin: Handelt sich um Originale
Die Zeitung zitiert die argentinische Sicherheitsministerin Patricia Bullrich mit den Worten: „Unsere ersten Untersuchungen weisen darauf hin, dass es sich um Originale handelt.“ Bei den Objekten seien zum Teil Fotos aus den 1930er oder 1940er Jahren gefunden worden, die zeigen, dass Personen aus der Zeit sie benutzt hätten, unter anderem eines, das Hitler selbst zeige. Unklar blieb, wem die Objekte gehörten.
In Buenos Aires gefunden: NS-Reichsadler mit Hakenkreuz ap Foto:
Die argentinischen Ermittler gehen davon aus, dass die Nazi-Devotionalien von Nationalsozialisten selbst nach Südamerika gebracht worden sind. Argentinien, aber auch Chile, Brasilien, Peru und Paraguay waren in der Zeit direkt nach dem Ende des Zweiten Weltkriegs bevorzugte Fluchtziele hochrangiger SS-Leute, Nazi-Propagandeure und KZ-Ärzte und -Kommandanten wie dem berüchtigten Lagerarzt von Auschwitz, Josef Mengele, dem Kommandanten der Vernichtungslager Sobibor und Treblinka, Franz Stangl, dem Organisator der Vernichtung der ungarischen Juden, Adolf Eichmann, und dem als „Schlächter von Lyon“ bekanntgewordenen SS-Mann Klaus Barbie.
„Ratten-Linien“ für hochrangige Nazis
In Buenos Aires gefunden: Sanduhr mit Hakenkreuz ap Foto:
Nach unterschiedlichen Angaben gelang zwischen 180 und 300 Nazis mit tatkräftiger Mithilfe katholischer Geistlicher, des Vatikan, des Italienischen Roten Kreuzes und des amerikanischen Geheimdienstes CIC die Flucht nach Südamerika. Sie nutzten dazu Fluchtrouten über die Alpen und durch Italien, die beim US-Geheimdienst unter dem Namen „Ratten-Linien“ bekannt wurden. Viele der Geflohenen wurden nie gerichtlich für ihre Taten belangt. (ps)
“We are extremely pleased to be adding Jeff to our group on a full-time basis,” said BriseBois. “Jeff brings a wealth of experience having played in over 1,000 National Hockey League regular season and playoff games. He is bright and has great insights into the game of hockey. Our players and our team will benefit from his daily presence. With Ben Groulx, Trent Cull, Dave Alexander and Jeff coaching our players on a full-time basis, we feel like we have a fantastic coaching staff.”
Halpern, 40, began his career behind the bench with the Crunch during the 2015-16 season as the team's player development coach. He worked closely with Lightning prospects in Syracuse to assist with individual development.
A native of Washington, D.C., Halpern is a veteran of 976 NHL games, including 126 with the Lightning from 2007 to 2010. Over his 14 seasons in the NHL, the centerman recorded 152 goals and 221 assists. Along with Tampa Bay, he spent time with the Washington Capitals, Dallas Stars, Los Angeles Kings, Montreal Canadiens and New York Rangers before finishing his career with the Phoenix Coyotes in 2014.
“I'm extremely proud to be a part of the Syracuse Crunch and Tampa Bay Lightning organizations,” Halpern said. “I feel honored to have been given this opportunity. I hope to add to the success of the excellent staff, coaches and players already in place.”
Halpern will join assistant coach Trent Cull and goaltending and video coach David Alexander in Syracuse under the direction of Crunch head coach Benoit Groulx.
[Haskell-cafe] Yet Another Named Record
Hello, cafe! I made a small library https://github.com/odr/pers. It is my attempt for Named Record problem. There is no TH, just TF, Symbols and so on. With this library one can now: * Construct record sequentially (record is balanced tuple-based tree): type T = "a":>Int +> "b":>String +> "c":>Maybe Int rec = V 5 +> V "b" +> V (Just 3) :: T * Get Lens' for fields or record (group of fields) with O(k*log n) access: lb = fieldLens (Proxy :: "b":>String) :: Lens' T String lca = recLens :: Lens' T ("c:>Maybe Int +> "a":>Int) Note that recLens is Projection! * Lift all fields into Functor: type LT = Lifted Maybe T -- LT == "a":>Maybe Int +> "b":>Maybe String +> "c":>Maybe (Maybe Int) If all fields has Default instances, record has it also. It is the case for Lifted Maybe T. * Convert from and to Map of fields (using PersistField and PersistValue from persistent package) m = M.fromList [ (someSymbolVal "a", toPersistValue 1) , (someSymbolVal "b", toPersistValue "xx") -- value for "c" is optional ] recEither = mapToRec (Proxy :: Proxy T) m :: Either [SomeSymbol] T m' = fmap toMap recEither I wonder: - Are there similar attempts? - Is it interesting? I suppose it could be used as basis for Persistent (instead of TH). Is it? Other application? - What other features you want to add here? Best regards, Dmitry Olshansky -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <http://mail.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20151203/c6b51c23/attachment.html>
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, then president of Iran, gestures towards photographers during the 66th annual United Nations General Assembly at the UN in New York, U.S., on Thursday, Sept. 22, 2011.
DPA — Former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has announced that he will run in the spring 2017 presidential election, Shargh daily reported on Tuesday.
The former speaker for Ahmadinejad's government, Gholam-Hossein Elham, informed the board responsible for the election of Ahmadinejad's intention to stand, the report said.
Ahmadinejad is expected to launch his comeback campaign.
He appeared for the first time in public this year on Monday when he gave a speech in Narmak mosque in Tehran, but he neither confirmed nor denied his comeback plan, despite enthusiastic calls from his supporters.
The hardline president, who held office from 2005 to 2013, signaled his desire to return to politics in April and attacked current Iranian President Hassan Rohani as incompetent.
Following the drubbing they received in February's parliamentary elections, the hardliners are now pinning their hopes on Ahmadinejad, convinced that only he can prevent reformist Rohani's re-election.
The tightly fastened bag of air had a starting price of $5 (£3)
A number of eBay users are selling air supposedly taken from Kanye West gigs during his ‘Yeezus' tour.
eBay user Stangeedon1, as highlighted by The Telegraph, received bids of over $60,100 (£39,725) for a bag of the air they claim was captured at a 2013 gig by the US rapper. The tightly fastened bag of air had a starting price of $5 (£3).
The success of that user has inspired a raft of others to start selling similar items with one titled “Kanye West Yeezus Tour FRONT ROW AIR!!! currently going for over $300 with over six days left to bid on it. The seller of this particular item claims there is added value to their product as it “could contain Kanye's breath!”
As yet there is no air from the rapper's recent gig at KoKo in London for sale. West performed an impromptu gig at the Camden venue on Tuesday night (March 3).
Having spoken to students at Oxford University on Monday he then enlisted the help grime MCs including Stormzy, Novelist and Skepta at the gig, which was announced just hours before it began.
The rapper also enlisted the of the help grime MCs for his performance of new single ‘All Day' at last week's Brit Awards (February 25). It has since been reported that West and Skepta will collaborate.
This news came a day after the release of the studio version of ‘All Day' which will lead up to West's new album ‘So Help Me God'.
WASHINGTON - Key members of the Air Force's nuclear missile force are feeling "burnout" from what they see as exhausting, unrewarding and stressful work, according to an unpublished study obtained by The Associated Press.
The finding by researchers for RAND Corp. adds to indications that trouble inside the nuclear missile force runs deeper and wider than officials have acknowledged.
The study, provided to the AP in draft form, also cites heightened levels of misconduct like spousal abuse and says court-martial rates in the nuclear missile force in 2011 and 2012 were more than twice as high as in the overall Air Force.
These indicators add a new dimension to an emerging picture of malaise and worse inside the intercontinental ballistic missile force, an arm of the Air Force with a proud heritage but an uncertain future.
Late last year the Air Force directed RAND, a federally funded research house, to conduct a three-month study of attitudes among the men and women inside the ICBM force. It found a toxic mix of frustration and aggravation, heightened by a sense of being unappreciated, overworked, micromanaged and at constant risk of failure.
Remote and rarely seen, the ICBM force gets little public attention. The AP, however, this year has documented a string of missteps that call into question the management of a force that demands strict obedience to procedures.
Gen. Mark Welsh, the Air Force chief of staff, said in an interview Wednesday that he sees no evidence of fundamental problems in the ICBM force.
"There are issues like there are in every other mission area we have in the United States military, and we deal with the issues as they come up, and we deal with them pretty aggressively. But as far as getting the job done, they're getting the job done - they do a great job of that every single day," Welsh said.
The AP was advised in May of the confidential RAND study, shortly after it was completed, by a person who said it should be made public to improve understanding of discontent within the ICBM force. After repeated inquiries, and shortly after the AP filed Freedom of Information Act request for a PowerPoint outline, the Air Force provided it last Friday and arranged for RAND officials and two senior Air Force generals to explain it.
Based on confidential small-group discussions last winter with about 100 launch control officers, security forces, missile maintenance workers and others who work in the missile fields - plus responses to confidential questionnaires - RAND found low job satisfaction and workers distressed by staff shortages, equipment flaws and what they felt were stifling management tactics.
It also found what it termed "burnout." In this context, "burnout" means feeling exhausted, cynical and ineffective on the job, according to Chaitra Hardison, RAND's senior behavioral scientist and lead author of the study. She used a system of measure that asks people to rate on a scale of 1 to 7 - from "never" to "always" - how often in their work they experience certain feelings, including tiredness, hopelessness and a sense of being trapped. An average score of 4 or above is judged to put the person in the "burnout" range.
One service member said: "We don't care if things go properly. We just don't want to get in trouble." That person and all others who participated in the study were granted confidentiality by RAND in order to speak freely.
The 13 launch officers who volunteered for the study scored an average of 4.4 on the burnout scale, tied for highest in the group. A group of 20 junior enlisted airmen assigned to missile security forces also scored 4.4.
This has always been considered hard duty, in part due to the enormous responsibility of safely operating nuclear missiles, the most destructive weapons ever invented.
In its Cold War heyday, an ICBM force twice as big as today's was designed to deter the nuclear Armageddon that at times seemed all too possible amid a standoff with the Soviet Union and a relentless race to build more bombs.
Today the nuclear threat is no longer prominent among America's security challenges. The arsenal has shrunk - in size and stature. The Air Force struggles to demonstrate the relevance of its aging ICBMs in a world worried more about terrorism and cyberwar and accustomed to 21st century weapons such as drones.
This new reality is not lost on the young men and women who in most cases were "volunteered" for ICBM jobs.
Andrew Neal, 28, who completed a four-year tour in September with F.E. Warren's 90th Missile Wing in Wyoming, where he served as a Minuteman 3 launch officer, said he saw marked swings in morale.
"Morale was low at times - very low," Neal said in an interview, though he added that his comrades worked hard.
Neal says his generation has a different view of nuclear weapons.
"We all acknowledge their importance, but at the same time we really don't think the mission is that critical," Neal said, adding that his peers see the threat of full-scale nuclear war as "simply nonexistent." So "we practice for all-out nuclear war, but we know that isn't going to happen."
Every hour of every day, 90 launch officers are on duty in underground command posts that control Minuteman 3 missiles. Inside each buried capsule are two officers responsible for 10 missiles, each in a separate silo, armed with one or more nuclear warheads and ready for launch within minutes.
They await a presidential launch order that has never arrived in the more than 50-year history of American ICBMs. The duty can be tiresome, with long hours, limited opportunities for career advancement and the constraints of life in remote areas of the north-central U.S., like Minot Air Force Base, N.D.
In his doctoral dissertation, published in 2010 after he finished a four-year tour with the 91st Missile Wing at Minot, Christopher J. Ewing said 71 of the 99 launch officers he surveyed there had not chosen that assignment.
RAND was looking for possible explanations for a trend worrying the Air Force - higher levels of personal and professional misconduct within the ICBM force relative to the rest of the Air Force. Courts-martial in the ICBM force, for example, were 129 percent higher than in the Air Force as a whole in 2011, on a per capita basis, and 145 percent higher in 2012. Cases handled by administrative punishment were 29 percent above overall Air Force levels in 2011 and 23 percent above in 2012.
On Wednesday the Air Force provided the AP with statistics indicating that courts-martial and reports of spousal abuse are on a downward trend in recent months, while still higher than the overall Air Force in percentage terms. Administrative punishments also are trending downward.
Reported cases of spousal abuse in the ICBM force peaked in 2010 at 21 per 1,000 people, compared with 10.3 per 1,000 in the overall Air Force. The rate for the ICBM force dropped to 14.4 in 2011 and to 12.4 last year. It also has declined for the overall Air Force.
The RAND study and AP interviews with current and former members of the ICBM force suggest a disconnect between the missile force members and their leaders.
"There's a perception that the Air Force (leadership) doesn't understand necessarily what's going on with respect to the ICBM community and their needs," says Hardison, the behavioral scientist who led the study.
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel delivered a "no-room-for-error" message when he visited U.S. Strategic Command in Nebraska last week to welcome Navy Adm. Cecil Haney as the nation's new top nuclear war-fighter, succeeding Air Force Gen. Robert Kehler.
"Perfection must be the standard for our nuclear forces," Hagel said, noting that "some troubling lapses in maintaining this professionalism" have been exposed recently by "close scrutiny" and "rigorous evaluations."
In Hardison's view, expectations of perfection are "unproductive and unrealistic."
"People who are even top performers, who are exceptionally good at their jobs, fear that they are going to make one mistake and that's going to be the end of their career," she said in an interview.
RAND's survey results, while revealing a level of discontent, are not definitive. Hardison said the findings need to be confirmed on a larger sample population and the results tracked over time.
Perhaps ironically, the person who raised concerns about problems in the missile force was Maj. Gen. Michael Carey, who was fired in October as commander of 20th Air Force, the organization responsible for the full ICBM fleet - for alleged misconduct that officials have said was related to alcohol use.
In November 2012, Carey told Welsh that his organization's misconduct record was out of line with the broader Air Force and he wanted to find faster fixes.
One change already being implemented is ensuring that lower-level officers and enlisted airmen in the missile fields are given more decision-making authority, said Maj. Gen. Jack Weinstein, the interim successor to Carey. He said he also is seeking to ensure more stability in the ICBM force's work schedules so service members have more predictable periods to spend with their families.
Internally, concern about the ICBM force is not new.
In a little-noticed report published in April, a Pentagon advisory group that has studied the nuclear mission said weaknesses in the way the Air Force manages its ICBM workforce have made it hard to maintain.
"This should be a cause for serious concern," the Defense Science Board advisory group concluded.
It said the problem is especially acute in notoriously frigid Minot, where the Air Force has had trouble keeping people in its maintenance and security forces. Harsh climate is no excuse, it said.
"Minot weather has always been Minot weather. What has changed is the perception of negative career impacts, the slow response to concerns and the need for tangible evidence" that work conditions and equipment will improve, it said.
Kehler, the retiring head of Strategic Command, acknowledges that with national security attention focused elsewhere, it's easy to see why some nuclear warriors would be uneasy.
"What happens is, that translates into a very personal concern that's out there in all parts of the nuclear force, and that is: What's my future?"
By
We're not just building a game with King under the Mountain, but a whole world with its own lore and history to act as a unique setting. This is the first of several worldbuilding articles which will help design and inspire both the artwork and mechanics of the game. This time, we're going to talk about magic – what it is, how it works, and what it means to your characters.
There's more to the world of King under the Mountain than meets the eye, quite literally. The game takes place in the physical, material world. Invisible to the naked eye, there also exists a spiritual, immaterial reflection of the world known as the Immaterial. These two planes of existence are tied together by a substance known as aether – intangible and external – which permeates the entire world much like air and the wind. Complementing aether, all living creatures and the planet itself contain what is known as mana – a well of spiritual, immaterial energy. Much like yin and yang, these differing yet complementing essences can be combined to produce magic – fantastic displays of power produced by harnessing the energy of aether and mana in tandem.
Mana and Aether
Although all living things hold a store of mana within themselves, only a few are able to tap into this well and harness its power. Even then, it's a very rare individual that has the natural talent to instinctively combine aether with mana to produce magical effects. More commonly, those with the potential to see and manipulate aether and mana require some level of training and guidance to make use of their abilities.
In the world of King under the Mountain, just as much happens beneath the surface as on top of it. Just as living creatures keep a store of mana within themselves, so does the planet too. This phenomenon manifests itself as “mana gems”, precious gemstones which glow brightly from an inner light. Rare and extremely valuable, these gems are found and mined primarily in areas with a high concentration of aether.
While a mage combines the mana within themselves with aether from the surrounding environment to produce magic, they can also draw on mana stored within gems close to them to offset some of the cost of their own mana supply. As a mage accumulates experience of using magic from a combination of their own mana and the mana stored within nearby mana gems, they're able to increase the proportion of “external mana”, thereby increasing their overall mana pool. While inexperienced magicians tend to require an equal mix of inner mana and external aether, those with more experience are able to mix a smaller amount of their own mana to produce the desired effect. A knowledgeable magic user with a collection of “charged” mana gems is able to create much larger and more powerful magical effects due to being able to call on a much larger supply of external mana and aether.
Drawing mana from the user or a mana gem depletes the reserve of aether stored within. As a magic user depletes their reserve, they'll no longer be able to cast any magic – even having access to further mana gems is no use if the user has no mana of their own. Depleted reserves of mana are naturally restored over time as aether flows over the land. This is dependent on the concentration and speed of the flow of aether in the local area, so a magic user usually has no options to speed up or slow down this process. Sometimes it will happen relatively quickly, and other times, when there is a distinct lack of aether in the vicinity, it will not happen at all until the “wind” picks up.
Runesmithing
While humans, elves and orcs all have the potential to use magic as described here, dwarves (uniquely) were created primarily from Earth instead of aether and because of this, are not able to cast magic themselves. Instead, the dwarves apply their mastery of metalwork and jewellery to apply mystic runes to weapons and other equipment which imbues them with magical effects and abilities. These runes are created and etched by dwarven runesmiths using infused mana gems as a base resource which get processed and turned into a metallic-looking inlay onto the blade of a weapon or piece of armour. To become a runesmith takes many years of study and only the largest and most prosperous dwarven settlements can attract their skills (Attracting and employing a runesmith is one of the later gameplay goals for the player managing a dwarven settlement).
The Elements
Aether is made up of 7 elements. Fire and Ice, Life and Death, Earth and Sky, and aether as an element itself, usually called Spirit. Most of these are opposed elements that tend to cancel each other out – Fire opposes Ice, Life opposes Death and Earth opposes Sky. Spirit binds the rest of the elements together.
Most usage of magic tends to be a manifestation of one of these elements: a blast or wave of Fire or Ice; enhanced healing or growth with Life – or the opposite with Death; while Earth can't create something from nothing (by itself) it can transform materials from one thing to another, and Air is often used to move things around magically. In addition to the more common mana gems containing a well of aether or Spirit, there exist more rare elemental mana gems infused exclusively with one of the other six elements.
While a beginning magic user may only be skilled with a single element (in addition to Spirit), over time and experience this will grow to include other elements, potentially all of them although this is rare.
When a magic user has the aptitude for more than one element, with even more skill they may have the ability to combine two or more elements to produce more unusual effects, the number of which would be too many to list here. For example, a wizard may be able to combine Life and Earth to create a living golem of stone to do their bidding. For darker purposes, Death and Fire usually combine to create witchfyre, a dangerous black/purple flame which spreads uncontrollably, but is necessary in the forging of some magical metals.
Usually, attempting to blend together two opposing elements cancels them out. This is usually used beneficially – using Ice to put out a fire, even a magical one, works almost instantly if applied correctly. However, the most skilled magic users are able to combine two opposing elements just right so that they don't annihilate each other, but instead blend together to give more powerful effects not possible otherwise (which you can see hinted at in the top illustration).
Mages and spellcraft
The simplest magical spells are created by drawing on ones own mana reserve and blending this with one of the elements from the nearby aether. More complex spells are cast by drawing on several elemental “threads” at once and blending these together in just the right way and quantity. Finding these blends or recipes is a very time consuming task so most mages keep extensive notes on their research and experiments. These tend to be guarded jealously, but if a mage gains access to the knowledge of another, they can increase their mastery and power much more quickly than working on their own. It's for this reason that less ambitious mages are usually content to put up with the strict rules of a magical place of learning to expand their knowledge. Designer's note – one of the larger stretch goals for King under the Mountain is a mode where you play as a human wizard or necromancer, controlling a single avatar character while you use magical constructs and golems to build up your lair while you improve your knowledge and experience of spells.
Orcs and shamans
While humans and elves have to apply a lot of learning to use magic, and dwarves can't cast magic but instead inscribe runes for magical abilities, orcs do neither of these. Instead, some orcs have the natural affinity for mana and aether which usually manifests as raw, unfocused blasts of magical power. These lucky few ends up as revered shamans in orc society, and tend to use their magical powers in combat, ending up as respected members of an orc tribe that other orcs wouldn't usually challenge in combat (for obvious reasons!). Designer's note – the current focus of development is having dwarves as the first playable race in King under the Mountain but they're not going to be the only ones you can play as! Next up we'll be introducing orcs and how their tribal, martial society offers a different gameplay experience.
Daemons and the danger of magic
All of this comes with a price. The material world is populated by humans, orcs, dwarves, and other species and animals. The immaterial world is populated by incorporeal entities that might be called spirits, ghosts or worse. The use of magic temporarily weakens the veil between these two worlds. If its weakened too far in one place, a tear can rip open allowing entities from the Immaterial to enter and in some cases invade the Material world. The worst of these are daemons – extremely hostile creatures born from the seemingly chaotic energies of aether. It's because of this that magic users are usually driven out of their native settlements by their non-magical kin as prolonged use of magic in the same place leads to a greater risk of daemonic invasion. Human wizards tend to either live by themselves in a lair of their own construction, or join together into a university of magical learning with strict rationing of how much magic can be used. Designer's note – if you have any spellcasters in your settlement you'll have to balance the use of their (very powerful) abilities against the threat of daemonic invasion!
Charles Curtis, from the Library of Congress.
I did not know that. His mother was apparently 1/4 (or somewhat more) American Indian (Kaw, Osage, and Pottawatomie); his father was white. Curtis was a member of the Kaw Nation, and was raised partly on the Kaw reservation by his maternal grandparents and later in Topeka, Kan., by his paternal grandparents. He became a senator from Kansas, and eventually the Republican whip and then majority leader, before being elected with Herbert Hoover in 1928. (He was apparently less politically successful as vice president than he was in the Senate.)
Thanks to InstaPundit and Don Surber for the pointer.
UPDATE: I had originally said that Curtis's mother was 3/4 American Indian, based on various sources I saw. But commenter Liberaltarian pointed out that the senate.gov page to which I linked described her as 1/4 American Indian, and when I looked further, I saw that the Encyclopedia of World Biography suggests that she was a bit more than 1/4 American Indian, but not 3/4. In any case, I apologize for the error, and appreciate the correction. (Curtis was indeed a member of the Kaw Nation, and was viewed as in large part American Indian.)
This article contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. For an explanation of our Advertising Policy, visit this page
More and more companies are now starting to offer Roth 401(k)s to their employees, which is great. If you have the option to invest in a Roth 401(k), I highly recommend it. However, there are important things you should know about this account, just like every other tax deferred account.
What is a Roth 401(k)
A Roth 401(k) is a retirement savings plan that combines the best of a 401(k) and Roth IRA. This plan was only created into law in 2006, and as such, many firms don't offer it as an option yet. A Roth 401(k) is great because the employee contributes after-tax dollars, and as such, doesn't pay tax on withdraw from the fund.
Contributions to a Roth 401(k)
Just like a regular 401(k), employees make contributions from their paychecks to the Roth 401(k). However, with a Roth 401(k), the contributions made are from after-tax dollars. The maximum contribution to all 401(k)s (both traditional and Roth) cannot exceed $16,500 in 2011 if you are under 50, and $22,000 if over 50. Matching funds from an employer are not included in this cap.
Employees can contribute to both traditional and Roth 401(k)s as long as the limit above is not exceed and the employer offers both.
Employer Matching Contributions
One of the biggest benefits of 401(k)s is that employers can match contributions as an incentive to employees. In 2011, the maximum match for employers is $49,000.
However, if you have a Roth 401(k), and you get an employer match, it cannot go into your Roth 401(k) because it cannot receive the after-tax treatment. Instead, any employer matches must be deposited in to a pre-tax traditional 401(k).
Withdraws and Transfers
Just like I mentioned in a Roth IRA is Not That Hard To Understand, there are some restrictions on withdraws and transfers, but they aren't that complicated.
First, withdraws. Earnings on Roth 401(k)s will be tax free as long as the distribution is made at least 5 years after the first Roth 401(k) contribution and the attainment of the current retirement age of 59 1/2.
As for contributions, you cannot withdraw them penalty-free like you can with a Roth IRA. Once you make a contribution to a Roth 401(k), it is irrevocable.
You can roll your Roth 401(k) into a Roth IRA upon termination of employment.
Finally, unlike a regular Roth IRA, you must take required minimum distributions on a Roth 401(k) at age 70 1/2, just like a regular 401(k).
The Verdict
If you have access to a Roth 401(k), it is a great way to save for retirement. There are a few special circumstances involved, but they aren't that hard to understand. Your money can grow and be withdrawn tax-free, which is great!
If you want a full breakdown, check out this guide: Roth 401k vs. Traditional 401k.
Readers: do you have a Roth 401(k)? Do you wish your company offered one? What are your thoughts?
Announced today, Guild Wars 2 is about to overhaul its PVP League system with the launch of Season 5 on December 13th. With a new way to gauge skill, a new League UI, a new rewards system, and a shakeup of the maps inside of Ranked Play. It's a whole lot to go through, and you can read up on all of the changes here. We were lucky enough to get an exclusive interview with PVP Gameplay Programmer Evan Lesh, who shed a bit more light on the changes.
advertisement advertisement
It's worth noting that the PVP League changes aren't the only new thing coming into the game this Christmas: the Wintersday Festival is returning on December 13th through January 10th, for those folks not into the PVP League.
MMORPG: Let's talk first about the new matchmaking changes. Explain exactly how getting rid of the pip system will make matches be found earlier?
Evan Lesh: Removing the pip restriction means the pool of players to match with is much larger. Previously there could be players of equal skill looking for a match at the same time, but they might be too far apart in pips to get put into the same game. Simply put, the more people available for matchmaking, the better the matches will be.
MMORPG: Why only allow parties of 2 people, instead of pre-made groups anymore?
EL: This change is the result of a poll we ran with the community earlier this year. The vast majority of players queue alone or with a friend in PvP and a solo/duo queue has been a highly requested feature. Restricting party size will result in more even matches while impacting a minority of players.
MMORPG: Do you worry that this might turn off the higher competitive folks who have established teams?
EL: We don't want to push away established teams and we'll be polling the community after Season 5 to determine if we should keep the party size restriction in League play. From there we'll decide what to prioritize to make sure we're accommodating as many people as possible. Guild teams can still complete in Unranked and off-season Ranked and players can still organize scrims in custom arenas.
MMORPG: Is Skill rating basically like Elo? Does it account wide or character-based?
EL: Skill Rating is based on the Glicko rating we have always used for matchmaking which is the successor of Elo. Skill Rating also includes any decay a player might have accumulated.
MMORPG: When a new season starts, are you placed in a rating and a division that makes sense based on past performance?
EL: Each new season moving forward will start with a soft reset of the previous season's Skill Rating where everyone moves closer to the global average. If you had the highest rating in the previous season, you'll still have the highest rating relative to everyone else at the beginning of the new season. Ratings are also more volatile during placement matches to help players move quickly.
MMORPG: The reward system is changing a lot for the Leagues - why did you make this change?
EL: There is now a split between reward pips and Skill Rating. This allows us to create the best version of each system. It was not fun to stop earning rewards when you couldn't progress your skill level anymore as it made league games less appealing the more you played. Since pips no longer have to try and track skill level, they can be much more interesting and awarded in more flavorful ways.
MMORPG: With all the stat changes to the personal score system (basically removing the score in favor of stat tracking), will there be leaderboards for these stats as well?
EL: There will not be leaderboards for the new end of match stats, but we definitely think more leaderboards would be a fun addition to the game.
MMORPG: Removing Stronghold from the League play seems like a wise move, and adding Skyhammer back in, but people rightly love Stronghold's unique style. Will we ever see more maps like it or see it brought back into rotation?
EL: While there's value in exploring new map types, having multiple game modes in League play effectively creates multiple queues where some players never compete against each other. This means a global Skill Rating has less meaning, as you don't know how a player earned that rating. Because of that, it's unlikely that League play will ever include more than one game.
By Tim McGarry, USA TODAY
Snoop Dogg's son may be staying close to home to play football.
Cordell Broadus, son of rapper Snoop Dogg, received a scholarship offer from UCLA. Broadus will be entering his sophomore year at Diamond Bar High School this fall.
Listed at 6-2 and 185 pounds, he played wide receiver and defensive back for the freshman team last season.
"We're expecting him to really lead us the next three years," Diamond Bar High School football coach Ryan Maine told ESPN LA. "Hopefully (our athletes) get bigger, stronger, and keep leading this team."
Broadus isn't the only high-profile recruit to receive attention from the UCLA football program. Justin Combs, son of rapper Sean "Diddy" Combs, will play football for the Bruins next season.
This is shaping up to be one musically-talented defensive backfield.
H/T Larry Brown Sports
Thanks to the ever-expanding capabilities of computer-generated imagery, today's moviemakers are able to create fantastic settings for the characters in their films. But CGI only goes do far – and to achieve even more realism, exotic Earthly locales often stand in for mythical lands and distant planets. The following list features some of cinema's most fantastic settings – and the real-life places that “played” them on the big screen.
Tatooine
Cinematic Significance: Luke Skywalker's stomping grounds in Star Wars IV: A New Hope (1977)
Filming Locations: Tunisia and Death Valley, U.S.
In order to achieve a ‘desert planet' effect, George Lucas and crew traveled to two of the hottest places on Earth. ‘Tatooine' takes its name from an actual Berber community in Tunisia's southern region, where many locals (like the Skywalker clan) dwell in subterranean abodes carved out of sandstone. Other memorable sequences, including Luke's battle with Jawa raiders and the infamous ‘cantina scene', were also shot in Tunisia. Luke's landspeeder scenes, on the other hand, were filmed in the expansive flats of Death Valley.
Mount Doom
Cinematic Significance: Towering residence of Dark Lord Sauron in the Lord of the Rings trilogy (2001-03)
Filming Location: Mount Ruapehu, New Zealand
According to Tolkien folklore, the evil sorcerer Sauron forged the One Ring – the most inconvenient jewelry item in the history of Middle Earth – in the fiery depths of Mount Doom. Director Peter Jackson initially used New Zealand's Mount Ngauruhoe as his inspiration – however, his crew was unable to film there because the site is sacred to the native Maori people. So when it came time to shoot the slopes of Mount Doom, nearby Mount Ruapehu was used instead.
LV-223
Cinematic Significance: The distant planet visited by an ill-fated space crew in Prometheus (2012)
Filming Location: Iceland and Jordan
The opening shot in Ridley Scott's long-awaited Alien prequel depicts an extra-terrestrial humanoid standing on the banks of a massive waterfall – a scene that, according to the director, was meant to symbolize the beginning of time. To achieve this magnificent shot, he and his crew traveled to Dettifoss, a 330-foot-wide waterfall located in Iceland's Vatnajökull National Park. Subsequent scenes depicting a dry, desert wasteland were filmed in Jordan's Wadi Rum valley, a setting that was also utilized in Lawrence of Arabia (1962) and Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen (2009).
The Cliffs of Insanity
Cinematic Significance: Site of the fencing duel between Wesley and Inigo Montoya in The Princess Bride (1987)
Filming Location: Cliffs of Moher, Ireland
This hilarious swordfight is one of the most memorable scenes from one of the most memorable films of the 80's. To achieve the necessary visual spectacle, director Rob Reiner and crew traveled to the Cliffs of Moher, one of Ireland's top tourist destinations. The picturesque crags are mostly comprised of shale and sandstone, and home to 30,000 birds from more than 20 species, including Atlantic puffins, guillemots and hawks.
Kingdom of Governor Odious
Cinematic Significance: The imaginary setting for Roy's epic tale in The Fall (2006)
Filming Location: 22 different countries
You have to hand it to director Tarsem Singh and his location scouts during production of this visually stunning epic – they were extraordinarily thorough. In order to create an otherworldly realm that existed entirely within the protagonist's mind, the crew traveled to six different continents. Filming locations included the Namib Desert, South Pacific coral reefs, Bolivian sand flats and the Great Wall of China. Singh claimed the footage was so spectacular that he was able to make his film without creating a single computer-generated image – and if you've seen The Fall, then you understand the magnitude of this accomplishment.
By Brad Nehring
OTTAWA — Canadians paid nearly $18 million in one year for CBC employees who failed to show up to work.
A report prepared for CBC's board of directors — which QMI Agency obtained through Access to Information — shows CBC workers were absent almost twice as often as private sector workers in fiscal year 2010-2011.
According to the document, CBC employees were absent from work an average of 16.5 days. Statistics Canada figures in the report show public sector workers took an average of 12.6 days off while private sector workers took 8.9 days.
The total cost to taxpayers for absenteeism at the state broadcaster was $17.7 million for the year.
The report cites mental disorders as the leading cause of absenteeism (31% of all short-term absences and 44.6% of all long-term absences). The second leading cause was listed as "musculoskeletal problems."
Exploder Husk
Description: Similar to a Husky Husk however, has a red shirt (not pictured). Will attack base unless player gets within pathing range.
Attacks: Explosive tank is a projectile that deals high damage. Moderate physical damage.
Focus: Aims for the objective. Will attack structures unless player is nearby.
Health: Moderate.
Special abilities: Has a BBQ propane gas tank, that he ignites and tosses towards the players base. If the tank explodes on the base it deals heavy damage, destroying most buildings.
How to kill it: Melee or gun shot as quickly as possible, avoiding the tank.
Tip: Propane bottle can be exploded by gunshot, can be used to your advantage to kill Husks and Mist Monsters coming towards you. Gas bottle can also be hit away by a well-timed melee.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Tottenham Hotspur are lining up a surprise £4million bid for Manchester City midfielder Gareth Barry.
City are apparently happy to let Barry leave the Etihad this summer as they overhaul their squad for next season.
The Premier League runners-up have already spent almost £45million on Fernandinho and Jesus Navas, with more signings expected once Manuel Pellegrini is confirmed as their new manager.
Barry is in the final year of his contract, and Spurs are considering the 32-year-old as a replacement for Scott Parker, who might also be on the move this summer, according to the Daily Express.
Sunderland and Fiorentina have been linked with Parker, who is likely to fall behind Sandro in the pecking order at Spurs once the Brazilian returns from injury.
“Richard M. Stallman is not Unix.” Unix on Richard M. Stallman
“RMS? Oh yeah, I'm the root mean square” ~ Richard M. Stallman on Physics
Richard Malodorous Stallman (born March 16, 1953), also known as "rms", "GNU/Stallman", 'Richard M. Stalin' and sometimes Karl Marx, is the author and most prominent proponent of the Grand Unified Theory of Free & Accessible Technology (GUTFAT), and the founder of the GNU. GNU is a clever and descriptive but decidedly non-recursive acronym standing for Generally Not Used.
Essentially, rms's theory states that it is more important for software to be free than to be usable. In later years he became the spokesperson for other freedom movements including free love, free Tibet, and free Whopper® with the purchase of a Whopper Ultra Value Meal®—for a limited time only, prices and participation may vary.
Contents show]
Early years
While rms himself is sketchy about exact details of his origin, according to "The Hacker's Dictionary" he was inadvertently created in a polymer factory in 1953.
A disinterested employee was searching for a suitable dumping ground for a surplus of wax, liquid rubber and epoxy plastic. When he discovered that all the trash receptacles were full and all the casting molds were in use, he dumped the strange concoction into a blob on the floor, with the intention of perhaps getting around to cleaning it up later (maybe next week, if he had nothing better to do, and if his boss threatened to fire him otherwise).
The employee later noticed that the slug-like pile had locomoted away, leaving only a trail of polyurethane as a clue that it had ever existed...
Academics
Some time later, rms entered prestigious Harvard University—apparently by hanging out by the loading dock of the maintenance entrance disguised as a blob of wax, liquid rubber and epoxy plastic... and then slithering inside when the Security Guard wasn't looking.
While unpopular with women ("Rancid muddy stain! Rancid muddy stain!"), his typing was impeccable, and rms was able to graduate from Harvard in 1974 with a BA in physics, mostly by taking computer-based proctor-graded courses where no actual contact needed to be made with professors.
During the same period, he was able to squeeze under doors and through mail slots at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab, where he enjoyed a rewarding (if somewhat non-consensual) relationship with the facility's PDP-10 computer.
GNU and FSF
In January 1984, rms sustained severe chemical burns when he met the business-end of a disinfectant squirt bottle, wielded by a perplexed janitor who believed him to be the developing fungi of a professor's forgotten coffee cup. He fled from MIT, disks held securely in his folds and orifices, to begin the GNU project.
One of the his first non-programming works—the GNU Manifesto—was a certifiable snore-fest, later adopted by a commercial enterprise, repackaged, and sold on the industrial pharmaceutical market as a sedative for invasive surgery.
It detailed the harsh political realities facing discarded industrial materials in their class vs. class struggle against carbon-based bipedal bourgeoisie. And, there was also some mention of the design and creation of a free Unix-compatible operating system—but no-one was able to read to that point until the popular availability of No-Doz.
When it became clear that his globular appearance constituted an insurmountable barrier in the successful promotion of his software enterprise, rms incorporated the non-profit Free Sockpuppet Foundation (FSF) to provide opportunities for like-affected entities (slogan: "New identities, new beginnings, new horizons.")
Operating System
With his noodly appendages calloused and sore, rms found himself sadly defeated, unable to create a functional kernel to complement his array of system tools and complete the GNU Operating System. He assembled a team of programmers from his network of poly-sympathizers, then gave them the mission and their guiding slogan: "Technology Unlimited, Radical Development"
So, GNU's Project TURD was begun in earnest in the new decade of 1990, but it soon became clear that the excruciating squeeze to produce a revolutionary package was in fact, waste, owing to a crappy design decision. The public, who'd been waiting patiently by the door for some time, eventually moved on to the fertile pastures of Linux, and GNU's offering was flushed.
Criticism
While he may have begun life as a flexible, almost malleable entity, rms is now described by most as being extremely difficult to work with. The XEmacs team, for example, catalogued a list just shy of 10,000 specific complaints about working with rms that led them to tell him to fork off their project.
Leading experts in the field of polymer chemistry have speculated that rms' base materials are slowly hardening with time, but are unable to determine why, or whether the condition is reversable. Historically, rms has been extremely guarded about being touched and is vehemently against providing any tissue samples, so the truth may never be known. However, it is postulated that by the time of his death, his own preserved remains will be able to serve double-duty as a tribute statue at GNU Headquarters in Boston, Massachusetts.
Trivia
He is the composer of the Free Sockpuppet Song, and has been known to perform it on the recorder, or folk-slither to it when others play it.
and has been known to perform it on the recorder, or folk-slither to it when others play it. He cannot swim, but floats majestically.
majestically. He once received a custom-made sail from Microsoft chairman Bill Gates, but has steadfastly refused to wear it, despite the fact that it was "free".
chairman Bill Gates, but has steadfastly refused to wear it, despite the fact that it was "free". Linus Torvalds said: “ rms will be forever remembered as the guy whose TURD just wouldn't float.”
will be forever remembered as the guy whose just wouldn't float.” In his Personal Ad, rms declares himself as well rounded, not as dense as people think, and proud of his achievements despite his meagre beginnings on the factory floor.
declares himself as well rounded, not as dense as people think, and proud of his achievements despite his meagre beginnings on the factory floor. His religion forbids bathing and shaving for non-actors as it is insulting to the gods.
Despite the fact that his name can be read as Richard M's tall, man! , he is actually under three feet in height.
, he is actually under three feet in height. He had his name legally changed from 'Ignucius Richard M. Stallman' because his initials could be interpreted as 'I R MS'.
See also
The Future of Africa through the Eyes of Two Blockchain Devs
Rate this post
This article is part of an ongoing series called Across Africa with Bitcoin, detailing the writer's current journey in exploring financial inclusion through Bitcoin in multiple countries across Africa.
It is on record that there are a few Blockchain Devs in Africa, and most of them are being poached by other continents with attractive offers. In Harare, Zimbabwe, I had the opportunity to speak to two Devs over their views on the nature of their work and its future in Africa.
Confidence Nyirenda and Yeukayi Kusangaya work with a Blockchain firm as a Software Engineers in Harare. I engaged them on the sidelines of the ongoing Digital Future 2017 Conference.
// Get exclusive analysis of bitcoin and learn from our tutorials. Join Hacked.com for just $39 now. //
For Confidence, being a Blockchain Dev is very challenging and a busy life. “You always have something to learn, adapt to new technologies and keep up with the system”, he noted.
However, Yeukayi believes it is interesting to be an African Blockchain Dev. In fact, she maintains since Africa is a bit behind in technology, you are always motivated to work harder in order to be in line with other continents.
But as a female, in a male dominated field, she revealed it hasn't been tough for her at all. “It has been quite a good experience for me, and my colleagues have been very supportive”, Yeukayi confided in me.
Brain Drain
Africa is plagued with its best brains leaving the continent in pursuit of better opportunities elsewhere in the world. When I asked these two young African Devs whether they have any intentions of leaving, their responses were heartwarming.
Confidence actually thinks the future is in Africa and
ORLANDO, Fla. - New video shows Orange County corrections officers tackling a 75-year-old man inside his jail cell.
The Orange County Medical Examiner said the man's injuries killed him two days afterward.
[Raw video: Guards use force on 75-year-old inmate]
According to his arrest report, William Howard was arrested on Nov. 16, 2016, after his wife said he "began to act strange."
She said he attacked her in the front yard of their Orlando home, beating her and stabbing her with a kitchen knife.
The man who had never been arrested before now faced an aggravated battery charge.
Two days later, the video shows corrections officers trying to coax Howard out of his solitary cell.
He appeared confused as one officer tried to show him where the jail door was located.
"I'm over here," he's heard saying in the video as he shook his keys. "Come over here. Come over here. Listen to the noise and follow this noise, so I can get you out of here."
The officers use similar techniques for more than 15 minutes when the decision is made to use force.
A team of corrections officers is seen barreling inside Howard's jail cell, tackling him and throwing him to the ground on his head.
The only sound Howard utters is a cough afterward.
The Orange County Medical Examiner noted Howard suffered cardiac arrest one day after the use of force incident.
The report indicated he died one day after that.
The autopsy report showed Howard broke two of his vertebrae in his neck, his spinal cord was crushed and his brain was swollen.
The medical examiner ruled Howard's death was a homicide.
Officials with the Orange County Jail say a nurse was fired and two other nurses faced disciplinary action when they discovered they did not perform a medical evaluation on Howard after the use of force incident.
The Office of the State Attorney declined to prosecute any of the workers involved, saying there was no evidence a crime took place.
News 6 found out the Orange County Jail is still conducting its own internal investigation.
Howard's daughter spoke to News 6 by phone Thursday. She said the family has hired an attorney, and she wouldn't say if they planned to file a lawsuit.
Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
is your full service HVAC contractor offering sales, service and installation of Air Conditioning & Heat pump units in Toronto, Brampton, Mississauga, Newmarket and the GTA. We welcome the opportunity of providing you with sound advice and quality products and service.We know that heating and cooling system problems may occur at any time, so we are always available to assist you,We believe that the quality time you will be spending with your family will greatly improve if you have comfortable air temperature in your homes.You can count on us for prompt, cost-effective and long lasting air conditioning services for your home or office, anytime in Toronto or the GTA.Call us for consultation and free estimates. Our licensed cooling system specialists are available to answer your queries and be there for you each step of the way.We are your one-stop-shop for all your heating and cooling needs providing preventative maintenance to homeowners to large commercial properties and industry.Air Conditioning, Ductless Air Conditioners, A/C, Cooling Towers, Central Air Conditioners, Server Room Air Conditioners, Computer room Air Conditioners, Elevator Room Air Conditioners, Chillers, Residential Air Conditioning, Commercial Air Conditioners, Custom Home HVAC, Heat Pumps, Roof Top Commercial, Attic Systems, Ductwork and Hotwater Piping.We sell and Install all products belowKeeprite, Frigidair, Gibson, Carrier, Lennox, Ducane, Amana, Olsen, Trane, Burnham, Slantfin, Bradford White, Navien, York, Goodman, Allied Commercial, Evapco, Baltimore Air Coil and Fujitsu.GTA, Toronto , Mississauga, Oakville, Georgetown, Bolton, Brampton , Vaughn, Newmarket, Durham, Whitby, Oshawa and Pickering.Visit www.jcjairconditioning.com and http://jcjmechanical.HomeStars.com for more information on air conditioners, http://www.furnacestoronto.biz for info on heat pumps and www.for details on Ductless A/C systems.
Prior to the 2013 NFL Draft, one of the biggest curiosities was how Manti Te'o would be treated in an NFL locker room in light of his infamous fake girlfriend scandal.
One scout predicted that Te'o's leadership qualities would be neutralized because he's going to be a "target" in the locker room. Houston Texans defensive end Antonio Smith said Te'o would be the butt of every joke for "at least two, three years" if he landed on the Texans. According to Denver Broncos pass rusher Von Miller, Te'o's teasing would be "light" and "fun," just as the other players who get razzed in the locker room.
Brooks: Why Te'o will shine in S.D. Forget all about the fake girlfriend and bad BCS title game. Bucky Brooks writes.
Forget all about the fake girlfriend and bad BCS title game. Manti Te'o is poised for big things in 2013,writes. More ...
Even if Te'o didn't know exactly what kind of hazing to expect, he understood "something's coming."
From that sense, landing with the San Diego Chargers was a best-case scenario. Fullback Le'Ron McClain revealed to SiriusXM NFL Radio that Te'o's transition to the Chargers' locker room has been seamless so far.
"I don't think there will be anything like hazing," McClain said. "The guy came in, and he's been working since he stepped on the field, stepped in the weight room. He's caught everybody's eye to see that he's a great player."
Like any rookie, Te'o is sure to be the object of his fair share of ribbing this summer. At this point, though, it's his play on the field that will determine whether he gains the veterans' respect. He's off to a good start in organized team activities.
"The sky's the limit for him," McClain added. "I'm looking forward to seeing him on Sundays."
Follow Chris Wesseling on Twitter @ChrisWesseling.
In an interview with Le Blog de Jayjay, Aurelien Collin provides an interesting overview of his career to date. The New York Red Bulls center back explains his move from France to Spain as a young soccer player seeking professional opportunity in the game. And he describes his zig-zagging journey through European clubs - Gretna in Scotland, Panaserraikos in Greece, Wrexham in the English league system, Vitoria Setubal in Portugal; close-but-no-cigar opportunities with Lazio and Porto - before landing in MLS with Sporting Kansas City as a well-traveled 25-year-old:
Since I was a little boy, I dream of living in the United States. I bathed in American Hip-Hop culture, so I take my chance without any regrets.
Collin enjoyed perhaps the greatest individual and team success of his career at Sporting KC, winning league-wide All-Star and Best XI honors, and the 2013 MLS Cup MVP award. With KC, he won US Open Cup in 2012 and MLS Cup in 2013 - and even won a compliment from President Obama when he visited the White House with his team:
Basically, he says once he's done, he wants to dress like me, because I'm stylish.
But for New York Red Bulls fans, the interview is significant because Collin explains how he sees his current situation. He mentions that RBNY was interested in signing him in 2013 and 2014, and describes the club as "one of the two biggest" (alongside LA Galaxy) in MLS.
Further, he says he's unlikely to have his head turned by other offers. He is settled in an American soccer scene he regards as...not quite second to none, but second to few:
Europe has much to envy the United States in terms of infrastructure especially. I am not talking about the European teams, but for example, the mid-table clubs in Ligue 1 are very far from the infrastructures of the American clubs. What I was looking for, I found in the United States.
He wants to win trophies in New York, of course, and he wants to stay:
Here, life is beautiful and I would really like to win a title in New York. For me to leave the biggest club of the MLS, it will really have to be an offer that can not refuse.
Elsewhere in the interview, Collin reveals his most challenging opponents and best friends in the game (former RBNY teammate Ronald Zubar is one).
Donald Trump, Susan DeLemus, Jerry DeLemus (Facebook)
When the New Hampshire Secretary of State released a list of delegates (PDF) who will represent the state at the Republican National Convention, one unusual name appeared: Gerald DeLemus. The man is listed as an alternate for Donald Trump's candidacy, but unfortunately for him, he might be too busy to attend the event in Cleveland in July. DeLemus will instead be facing federal indictment for his alleged involvement with the Bundy family, according to Gawker.
When Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy staged an armed standoff against agents from the federal Bureau of Land Management back in 2014, DeLemus was allegedly at Bundy's side. The 64-page, nine-count indictment released earlier this month lists him as a “mid-level leader and organizer of the conspiracy,” and claims DeLemus joined eight other men who “planned, organized, led, and/or participated as gunmen in the assault, all in order to threaten, intimidate, and extort the officers into abandoning approximately 400 head of cattle that were in their lawful care and custody.”
This isn't the first time DeLemus has gotten Trump into hot water for being aligned with an anti-government militia movement. In December, DeLemus joined his wife, State Rep. Susan DeLemus in several interviews along with a CNN panel discussion advocating for their candidate of choice as well as voicing their anti-government sentiment.
“Feature stories on Trump's supporters have tended to highlight people like DeLemus — that is, political extremists, white nationalists, or those who admire Trump for his hair, the pizzazz of his hotels, and the menacing brio he showed on ‘The Apprentice,'” reported Al-Jazeera. “This journalistic cherry-picking avoids an obvious question: If over 30 percent of all Republicans like Donald Trump, are all his fans really on the fringe?”
The judge in the case denied bail, instead ordering that DeLemus remain in custody until his trial date in Nevada. DeLemus's wife is also listed as an alternate delegate.
Brony Magic: A glimpse into the new generation of My Little Pony fans.
For National Novel Writing Month 2011, I wrote a biography of the fandom of My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic (MLP: FIM). It's something that needed to be written, so that others outside the fandom can understand how complex it is, and why these ‘Bronies' exist. It will be published as an e-book.
This blog is meant to be a display of my first draft, and I ask fans to comment on what needs to be changed/added. Haters are advised to refrain from posting, because we will Love and Tolerate all angry/derogatory posts.
To summarize my efforts, please read the form letter below, that I have created to share with the Brony Community. If you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to ask!
I have drafted a book about the Brony subculture(with Purple Tinker's blessing) and am I asking fellow Bronies to assist with its content. The book was written for non-viewers that are interested in learning about Bronies. It explains the basics of the show and the fan culture, as well as addressing the ‘why' of the fandom. While this question cannot be simply answered, every single Brony has an individual answer and many of these have been highlighted through examples in this book. Because the fandom is so massive, I admit that I have likely missed some details as well as additional reasons why Bronies love MLP: FIM. To address these shortcomings, I ask my fellow Bronies to read what I have written and provide both positive and negative feedback on my writing to make it even better. I am releasing a draft of the book chapter-by-chapter for your review over this month at my blog: http://www.bronymagic.wordpress.com I am also putting out a call for support material to be integrated into my book. These include: Personal stories that reflect just how strong the magic of friendship really is. For this, I request a 1-2 paragraph short story, vignette, or description of: how you became interested in ponies
what MLP:FIM means to you
what the fandom means to you
your favorite part of the fandom
a tale of something that you did/made for the fandom
other stories you feel should be told Front and back cover art for the book. (This will be e-published so I have to research the methods of display and sizes that are acceptable for e-books. It's my first attempt so I do not know these details yet. However if you are an artist/author and know these details let me know! )
Artwork and/or photographs for each chapter. (It is best to read the chapters and then submit works as you see fit. One example is pictures of at least the mane 6 characters, with no background.)
An awesome banner or theme for my blog would also be appreciated. (Because it is a temporary site for the book, this is a want and not a need.) Submitters can be attributed via your real name or your pony name. Please say which you prefer – I will not put anonymous works in my book, as they do not give as much ‘character' for readers to bond with. If you are comfortable giving out your general location, I would also like that – even if it is just your country, and not the nearest town. Not all entries will be taken but I will let you know either way before it is published (in the early spring timeframe). This book will be published under creative commons, and will request attribution for any written segments /summaries and/or art that is taken from the book. TL:DR Please do not submit things if you don't want them shared with the world. Comments and submissions may be left on my blog, Brony Magic , or can be e-mailed to me at Riftwing (at) gmail.com. –
All written summaries and analysis are copyright myself. Links to fan-made content are copyright the original creators. My Little Pony is owned and copyrighted by Hasbro. My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic is developed for television by Lauren Faust.
Advertisements
If you want to have a panel of opinionated women for a TV show like The View, it makes sense to include a couple of conservative Christians like Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Sherri Shepherd to offer a dose of opposition to the liberal Joy Behar and Whoopi Goldberg. Sure, it's infuriating at times, but it makes for a spirited debate.
I didn't think The View would sink lower after the departure of Hasselbeck. But they've now gone from woefully misguided to dangerously ignorant, hiring Jenny McCarthy to replace her:
Jenny McCarthy, who thinks her son's autism was caused by childhood vaccines he received.
Jenny McCarthy, who has been telling parents for years not to vaccinate their children because of her anecdotal, non-scientific, harmful beliefs.
Jenny McCarthy, who inspired a “body count” because her beliefs have led to the deaths of so many people.
Jenny McCarthy, who was once dropped from speaking at a charity event to raise money for cancer research because she was “promoting erroneous ideas about health and disease.”
“Jenny brings us intelligence as well as warmth and humor,” [Barbara] Walters said in a statement. “She can be serious and outrageous. She has connected with our audience and offers a fresh point of view. Jenny will be a great addition to the show as we usher in an exciting new chapter for The View.” “I'm beyond thrilled … I look forward to helping make hot topics a little bit hotter, and showing my mom that my interrupting skills have finally paid off,” McCarthy added in a statement.
… And teaching mothers that they can be as careless and reckless as she is.
When the possibility of her co-hosting the show was seriously floated around last week, pro-science writers were already voicing their concerns.
Phil Plait wrote a letter to ABC:
I've heard that Jenny McCarthy is being considered to co-host of “The View”. I strongly urge you NOT to hire her. Ms. McCarthy is a vocal activist for highly dangerous health ideas, including the mistaken belief that vaccines cause autism. While the world suffers outbreaks of measles and pertussis, Ms. McCarthy continues to advocate against vaccines. Having her host a respected show like The View would damage its reputation. For more info: goo.gl/hXJos. Thank you, Phil Plait
Pat Garofalo of U.S. News & World Report warned ABC against giving her a larger platform:
By giving a purveyor of faux science such a prominent platform, ABC could be contributing to serious health problems and the spread of some of the globe's nastiest diseases, the suppression of which has been a public health success story for the ages.… … McCarthy has even said that some horrendous diseases should be allowed to reemerge in order to boost the creation of “safe” vaccines: “I do believe sadly it's going to take some diseases coming back to realize that we need to change and develop vaccines that are safe… If you give us a safe vaccine, we'll use it. It shouldn't be polio versus autism.” That's not a message that should be given pride of place for the millions of people watching “The View,” any more than we need climate change deniers on the Senate floor.
It was downright stupid when co-host Sherri Shepherd questioned whether the world was flat. At least everyone else on the panel made it clear that they thought Shepherd was crazy.
With McCarthy on the panel of a show that many mothers watch, ABC is already saying they endorse McCarthy's deranged views on vaccinations. Until they say otherwise and drop her from the show, ABC is telling us they care more about ratings than the health of their viewers.
As the season comes
to a close. I offer this:
a quiz of haiku.
1. Take a walk with me.
Stroll to first base and you'll see
the world differently.
2. Unexpectedly,
I am the work horse, cast down
by the falling stars.
3. Deliberate as a
tortoise, I learned to snare at
third. Quick as a hare.
4.Unable to start what
others came to finish, I
now finish their work.
5. Like Dante, I bring
an inferno. Composed nightly
on the mound, like dance.
6. I am a thief like
another of my name but
steal only bases.
7. Prodigious swings like
a truth and a lie. Homer
or strikeout – a breeze.
Answers:
1. Votto, 2. Straily, 3. Suarez, 4. Iglesias, 5. DeSclafani, 6. Hamilton, 7. Duvall
Even as you gather your documentation to prepare your 2012 tax return, it's time to look ahead and begin planning your tax situation for the next tax year.
One of the things to consider as you plan for this year is the new option for taking the home office tax deduction.
There are a number of tax-deductible business expenses that you can claim with your home business. One of those is a deduction for the cost of the space you are using in your home.
If you plan to take the home office tax deduction, you are required to fill out Form 8829, which consists of 43 lines and can include depreciation and carryovers of deductions you haven't used. In some cases, the IRS even acknowledges, figuring the deduction can be a bit complex. Plus, if you make mistakes on this form, it can red-flag your return for an audit.
Recognizing that home offices are becoming increasingly popular for the growing number of self-employed taxpayers, as well as for telecommuters, the IRS has released an optional method of claiming the home office tax deduction. It comes into effect this year, in 2013, so you will be able to claim it (if you choose) early next year when filing your 2013 tax return.
New Option for Claiming the Home Office Tax Deduction
If you are nervous about filling out Form 8829, or if you have a rather small home office space, you can choose to file a simplified form on the subject.
The straightforward rule allows you to deduct $5 per square foot, up to 300 square feet. This limit means that there is a $1,500 cap on the tax deduction.
Taking the new form of the deduction includes all of the items normally included on Form 8829, such as utilities, portion of mortgage/rent payment, and other items.
Here is what a recent IRS press release says about depreciation on the home and other items that the home office deduction generally includes:
Though homeowners using the new option cannot depreciate the portion of their home used in a trade or business, they can claim allowable mortgage interest, real estate taxes and casualty losses on the home as itemized deductions on Schedule A. These deductions need not be allocated between personal and business use, as is required under the regular method.
If you have a larger home office space than 300 feet, or if figuring the deduction the “normal” way still provides you with a bigger deduction, you can still use Form 8829. The new option for claiming the deduction doesn't replace the old method; it provides an alternative calculation.
Some Rules Remain the Same
When claiming the deduction, some rules are the same as in the past. If you have business expenses that aren't related to your home office, the IRS assures taxpayers, you can still deduct them fully. So, if you have expenses related to advertising, web hosting, or the purchase of equipment, you can use them to offset your income.
Related: My Blogging Essentials
Other rules also remain the same.
The simpler way of figuring your home office tax deduction is still subject to the rules the IRS imposes when determining whether or not your home office space qualifies.
The two main tests of a home office deduction remain:
Regular and Exclusive Use: You need to use your home office space regularly for business use — and the area you deduct must be used exclusively for business purposes. As a result, my home office deduction only applies to the 30-square-foot area comprising my desk and all-in-one printer. Even though the space is located in a larger room we refer to as “the office” there are other uses for the room. Only my desk/printer area is used exclusively for my home business.
Principal Place of Business: You also need to show that you use your home as a principal place of business. The IRS does say, “If you conduct business at a location outside of your home, but also use your home substantially and regularly to conduct business, you may qualify for a home office deduction.” So the idea is that you base operations substantially from your home.
Make sure you take this into account before you claim any deduction for the business use of your home. Also, consult a tax professional if you are in doubt.
Do you use the home office tax deduction? What method do you use to claim it?
Photo Credit Damon Winter/The New York Times
They didn't riot in the streets of Cleveland, as Donald Trump said his supporters would do had things not gone his way. But you saw the raw essence of a riot, the madness and loss of reason, on display in four days of chaos at the Republican National Convention.
For a campaign now devoted to “law and order,” the launch was mob rule: in spirit, in tone, in words. Long after we've forgotten Trump's closing speech — that paean to self, that nightmare portrait of an America where the lights have gone out — we will remember the savagery just below the surface.
Starting on night one, when Republicans chose to manipulate the grief-deranged mother of a terrorist victim, the build-up to the hanging of Hillary Clinton was never subtle. Imagine if one party had exploited a widow of one of the 241 service members killed in the 1983 suicide bombing of Americans in Beirut — the deadliest single attack on marines since World War II — as a stick against Ronald Reagan, whose administrative negligence was much to blame.
You can't imagine. Because nothing about this Republican Party, whose leader now stands ready to repudiate nearly 70 years of security for our European allies under an “America First” banner, even remotely resembles the Grand Old Party of before. You could not find a City on a Hill, a single Point of Light, no Morning in America. Only doom, dystopia, dread, darkness — and a bumper-sticker solution to restoring greatness.
The man who couldn't manage his own convention, the creator of a “university” built on fraud, bet his shot at the top job in the world on a panicked public and collective amnesia of his serial misdeeds. “I will restore law and order to our country, believe me, believe me,” he said.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And the instigator of four corporate bankruptcies, the man who stiffed plumbers and carpenters, the failed casino owner, promised to use his dark arts to “make our country rich again.”
One of the main speeches, that of Melania Trump, was stolen in part from the wife of a president that Donald Trump has long tried to delegitimize. That and the speech of Ivanka Trump, which would have fit perfectly at a Democratic convention, were the only hints of hope.
Early on, at least one speaker mentioned the importance of the rule of law. But that was drowned out by what became the mantra of this convention: “Lock her up!” Chris Christie, a former prosecutor, tried to lead the crowd into chants of “guilty” at his summoning of bad events that he blamed on Hillary Clinton. But the mob already had the noose around her neck, and they kept it up until the balloons dropped.
There's usually a pastor around whenever vigilantes gather for an execution. For moral justification this week, the pious Dr. Ben Carson linked Clinton to Lucifer — the devil himself. So, little wonder that it produced barely a shrug when another delegate, and Trump's adviser on veterans, Al Baldasaro, said Clinton should be “shot for treason.” The Salem witch trials had more respect for due process.
Inside the convention, the hatred was also directed at one who dared members to vote their conscience, Ted Cruz. True, he may be the most disliked politician in the United States. But somehow, it was expected that Cruz would bow to a man who had defamed his father and insulted his wife. Heidi Cruz had to be escorted out of her party's convention by a friend who feared for her safety.
On Thursday, an openly gay entrepreneur, Peter Thiel, was cheered. But outside the convention, boos and obscenities greeted the lead singer for Third Eye Blind, who had earlier urged delegates in the audience at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to be more accepting of gays and “not live your life in fear.”
Individually, many of these Trump delegates are nice people. In personal chats, you might get them to understand why Tony Schwartz, the ghostwriter for “The Art of the Deal,” broke a long silence to say that he is terrified of Trump because he's a “sociopath.” Listening to the acceptance speech, he tweeted, “This is the Donald Trump I came to know, not a word about hope, not a word about possibility, all doom, all the time.”
But in a group, the emotions of the Trumpites pool to hatred and mob single-mindedness — all Mexicans are rapists, all Muslims are terrorists, all crime is rising, Hillary Clinton is the devil and should be shot.
54 Comments
On one level, this convention was Fox News on steroids — the half-truths, the grievances, the demonizing, and certainly the elderly audience, as overnight ratings for the first nights showed. But what a strange irony it was that the mastermind of all that broadcast polarization — and, arguably, of the party that gave us Trump — was forced out on the night that should have been Roger Ailes's apogee.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ailes will be an asterisk. When the convention closed, fear had won the hall. And we should fear — for the republic, for a democracy facing its gravest peril since the Civil War.
A lump of coal is scooped onto a truck bed in Australia, driven to a port, loaded on a ship, piloted across the ocean to a dock in China, piled into a train car and delivered to power plant. And it would all happen under the watchful eyes of coal traders, if a fleet of new satellite tracking firms can deliver on ambitious promises.
Companies like Ursa Space Systems Inc. and Orbital Insight Inc. are using satellites to try to shed light on tightly held secrets in the commodity trading world, from coal mine productivity to crude oil storage. While doubts remain around the accuracy and consistency of the data, there could come a day when traders can track supply and demand of raw materials, the operations of producers and consumers and even the output of entire economies in near-real time.
“If you look out a few years, what we see is the ability to objectively track all major supply chains from the point of basic raw material production, whether its farms or mines, all the way through to various steps of refining, whether that's steel plants or oil refineries or consumption in factories,” Orbital founder James Crawford said by phone.
Merchants and traders for centuries have sought an edge with information. William Shakespeare even tapped into it, with news of wrecked cargoes of spice and silk driving the plot of “The Merchant of Venice.” In more recent years, seamen tracking oil exports used binoculars to count tankers, helicopters with infrared cameras flew over crude storage tanks and pump heat was used to assess pipeline flows.
Satellites are the next step and have already been adopted to measure the depth of shadows on floating roofs of oil storage tanks to estimate how much crude is in them. In the U.S., traders use the data to get an advance peak at changes in crude inventories in the key hub of Cushing, Oklahoma, before weekly government releases of stockpile levels.
Lower costs have allowed companies and governments to launch 310 satellites this year through the end of August, compared to 169 for all of last year, according to the Union of Concerned Scientists. Some of these, from operators like Planet Labs Inc. and Iridium Communications Inc., form low-orbit fleets that can see almost the entire Earth. Firms like Orbital then use artificial intelligence to scan millions of those images and translate them into useful data.
For example, a coal trader may want to know when demand is going to exceed supply, driving up prices. Satellite images could measure the piles of coal outside power plants to see when they're getting low and need to be refilled. They can count trains and track ocean tankers carrying supplies. They can measure ground levels, pile heights and truck activities at mines to deduce production.Put it all together and the data could paint a picture of who needs extra coal and who has surplus to sell, in near real-time, giving traders leverage to negotiate sales and purchase agreements and create arbitrage opportunities.
“It's a trader's dream,” said Tom James, a Singapore-based partner at energy consultant Navitas Resources. “It's like having a direct line to the CIA. If it does what it says it can do, it looks pretty amazing.”
“If” is the big question. While satellite data is used to gauge U.S. oil stockpiles, the reliability of the data in other corners of the commodity world is less clear. In China, satellite data can add value because the country doesn't regularly report strategic petroleum reserve levels, but the technology also has drawbacks, according to Jefferies Group LLC analyst Laban Yu.
“China is building out some amount of underground storage which is invisible to satellites,” Yu said in an email. “I suspect that if China really wanted to, it could paint its tanker roofs black or some weird pattern making the shadow method inaccurate.”
For example, attempts at tracking China crude storage levels—the holy grail for some oil traders—rely on different technologies and methodologies, and offer varying results. Ursa, which uses a technology known as synthetic aperture radar to penetrate clouds, assessed China's inventories at about 827 million barrels by the end of October. Orbital, which uses a combination of visual satellite data and SAR, estimated they were at 639 million barrels.
Mountain View, California-based Orbital has received past funding from Bloomberg Beta, a venture-capital unit of Bloomberg LP.And difficulties persist for some commodities like natural gas, which isn't visible from the air, or the amount of grain in enclosed storage, according to Orbital's Chief Business Officer Kevin O'Brien.
“You can use geospatial analytics to help establish supply chain links, but it also requires good old-fashioned, hard-core research to facilitate that,” O'Brien said in an interview in Tokyo. “You can't see inside a silo but you can see the number of trucks parked right next to it.”
Still, the possibilities are exciting. Spire Global Inc., which uses its own satellite constellation system to track the location of ships, followed a handful of vessels off the coast of New England and found their activity, along with water temperatures, may offer a proxy for lobster price fluctuations. San Francisco-based SpaceKnow Inc. measures activity at more than 80 coal mines in China and also has coal indexes for Australia, South Africa, Chile and India.
In some cases satellite imagery analysis may offer more insight than government data, particularly in places where that information comes sporadically or not at all. Barclays Plc analysts citing data from Ursa said in an October report that if satellite findings are accurate and reflect broader activity in the Chinese oil sector, then the nation's crude demand may be underestimated and the global supply-demand balance is tighter than thought.
“In places like China and India, data can be inaccurate or very slow to come out, so it's not actionable intelligence,” James said. “Now you're getting ahead of the curve in terms of when the official data comes out. It's more than just a level playing field, it's a global advantage to anyone who's able to process this data.”
While the Kremlin has denied the relationship between Moscow and the separatists, the emails show in great detail how Russia controlled virtually every detail of the separatist effort in the Russian-speaking regions of Ukraine, which has torn the country apart and led to a Russian takeover of Crimea.
And unlike the reported Russian hack of the Democratic National Committee, the Ukrainian hack reached deep into the office of the Russian president.
"This is a serious hack," said Maks Czuperski, head of the Digital Forensic Research Lab of the Atlantic Council (DFRL), which has searched through the email dump and placed selected emails on-line.
"We have seen so much happen to the United States, other countries at the hands of Russia," said Czuperski. "Not so much to Russia. It was only a question of time that some of the anonymous guys like Cyber Hunta would come to strike them back."
A senior U.S. intelligence official said the U.S. "had no role" in the hack.
The Global Voice Recognition market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 9.40 percent over the period 2014-2019.
Reportstack has announced a new market research report on the Global Voice Recognition Market 2015-2019, which is expected to post a CAGR of 9.40 percent during the forecast period of 2014-2019.
Currently, the Voice Recognition market is associated not only with customer care applications but also with many products and services, showcasing broad applications. Organizations seeking competitive edge want to differentiate their products from other vendors while retaining their customers.
Thus, airlines, banks, and brokerage firms use voice recognition to retain customers while improving the security. The increase in the adoption of wireless devices and the changing customer and business demand for access to unlimited information encourage enterprises to use voice recognition applications.
“The need for a strong verification process is leading to the growing integration of voice authentication in mobile banking,”.
“Phone-based banking institutions are partnering with voice authentication vendors and the incorporation of voice metrics is becoming a key competitive advantage.”
Key Market Drivers
Increased Use of Biometrics
Increase in Need to Improve Competitive Responsiveness
Increased Use of Speaker Identification for Forensic Purposes
Increase in Demand for Voice Recognition in Mobile Devices
Key Market Trends
Increased Demand in Healthcare Industry
Increased Demand for Multi-factor and Multi-modal Authentication
Growing Demand for Voice Authentication in Mobile Banking
Integration of Voice Verification with Speech Recognition
Key Market Vendors
Nuance Communications
Microsoft Corp.
ValidSoft Ltd.
To define the market circumstances in the next 3-4 years, the analysts have conducted in-depth analysis of the impact of market drivers, challenges and trends featuring data on product segmentations, vendor shares, growth rate by revenue and an evaluation of the different buying criteria in the order of importance.
To view the table of contents and know more details please visit Global Voice Recognition Market 2015-2019.
For more information: Make an Inquiry about this report HERE! www.reportstack.com/product/189551/global-voice-recognition-…
Boof immortalised in bronze sculpture
Updated
A sculpture of former Test batsman Darren 'Boof' Lehmann has been unveiled at the Adelaide Oval.
The bronze depicts Lehmann in attack mode, his bat raised after a straight drive.
The statue has been placed behind the members' stand on the ground's western side, a pitch length away from one of fast bowler Jason Gillespie.
Both were sculpted by Port Lincoln artist Ken Martin and financed by businessman Basil Sellers, the brother of former Test leg spinner Rex Sellers, as part of a series at ovals around the country.
The sculpture was unveiled by ABC commentator Jim Maxwell and SACA president Ian McLachlan before the start of day two of the fourth Test against India.
Lehmann says he is pleased with the likeness.
"I didn't know how I'd feel about it to be perfectly honest. It's a great honour and quite emotional when you think of what your life comes to, a statue in the great Adelaide Oval," he said.
Lehmann was born in Gawler north of Adelaide in 1970 and left school when he was 16 to work on the assembly line at Holden's Elizabeth car plant.
The stylish lefthander played most of his first-class cricket for the South Australian Redbacks and English county side Yorkshire.
He scored 11,622 runs for South Australia in the Sheffield Shield, a state record, and was one of five Wisden Cricketers of the Year in 2001.
He made his Test debut against India in 1998 but never quite managed to pin down a place in the team.
He scored five centuries in 27 Tests and four one-day international (ODI) centuries.
He currently coaches the Queensland Sheffield Shield and one-day sides and also the Brisbane Heat in the Big Bash League.
Lehmann's career was not without controversy.
In 2003 he was banned for five ODIs for breaching the ICC's racial code as he was walking off after being dismissed in a game against Sri Lanka in Brisbane.
He was nicknamed 'Boof' because of his once great head of hair.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Lehmann immortalised in bronze (7pm TV News SA)
Topics: sculpture, cricket, adelaide-5000, sa
First posted
There's a certain kind of mansion that's popular in Texas: They're ornately detailed, extravagantly appointed and classically styled. But this Texas mansion takes the cake. Not only is it all those things, but it goes one step further: This house bears a striking resemblance to the White House.
Located in Preston Hollow, a ritzy suburb of Dallas, Texas, this $15 million mansion boasts exteriors that mirror those of the president's home. Both the Dallas White House (as it's known around town) and the real White House feature Federal-style triangular north porticos, complete with four columns across — eight columns total — as well as the same number of windows, placed in the same fashion along the front. Meanwhile, the back of the dwelling shares the curved south portico with a second-floor deck.
According to listing agent Joan Eleazer, the current owners purchased the house in 2001 and are not the original owners — who built the property in 1996 — so she isn't quite sure why the house seems to be modeled after the White House, though it's hard to argue with the similarities.
But the exterior is where the comparison stops. The current owners did extensive remodeling after purchasing the 16,000-square-foot home, including changing the floor plan, Eleazer says. It has four bedrooms and nine baths.
“The home is beautiful,” she says. “The owners put their heart and soul into it. They traveled to Europe with their designer and found all kind of unique additions: fireplaces, flooring, many of the chandeliers.”
The grounds show equal attention to detail: 3.3 walled acres including a koi pond, a swimming pool, a tennis pavilion and manicured landscaping that, frankly, has the White House's beat.
Property records indicate that the current owners are self-made millionaires Ralph and Cathy Oats, who own Wellness International Network, a multilevel marketing company that sells health products.
[Related: Dream ‘Barn' of Multilevel Marketer Cost $32M to Build, Now Asks $19.5M (80 photos)]
While President Obama has never been to this Texas White House, he did attend a fundraiser down the street. And among the Oatses' neighbor is reportedly one H. Ross Perot, the billionaire who ran twice for the real White House.
The home has been on the market for almost a year and a half, first appearing in September 2014 for $19.5 million.
So for any of the soon-to-be washouts from the current presidential campaign: If you can't make it to the White House, you can still buy a White House.
More on Yahoo Real Estate:
• Agent Lists ‘Filthiest Home in Houston' (1 video, 26 photos)
• Best of 2015: Abandoned Mystery Behemoth in Texas (46 photos)
• Family's Dream ‘Barn' Cost $32M to Build, Now Asks $19.5M (80 photos)
• Bit of Cursed Mike Tyson Estate Asks $150,000 (42 photos)
(Except where noted, all photos are from the listing, courtesy of the Eleazar Group, Briggs Freeman Sotheby's International Realty)
NASA and Boeing are ramping up their preparations to begin full-scale production of the first Space Launch System (SLS) Core Stage assembly. The schedule calls for the completion of the Exploration Mission -1 (EM-1) Core Stage in time to be shipped to the Stennis Space Center for a full stage test firing in 2017.
SLS Cores:
After being sidelined for repairs, the Vertical Assembly Center (VAC) is now expected to be handed over to Boeing around the end of October.
This machine is where the Cores and tankage for the SLS will be welded. However, it has been suffering from major teething issues.
The handover of the VAC and acceptance of the tool will allow assembly of the major structural elements for both flight and test articles to begin next year.
“From a broad picture standpoint, it's continuing to do factory readiness through this year,” noted Patrick Whipps, NASA resident manager at MAF for the SLS Core Stage.
“(We will) complete that in early '16 and begin to bring those structural test articles (STAs) and simulators to Marshall (Space Flight Center) in late '16 or early '17 at the latest.”
The Core Stage structural test articles consist of the major structural elements: the liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen tanks, the engine section, the intertank, and the forward skirt. Those elements will be tested individually at Marshall, with MAF fabricating simulators of the elements that would normally be mated together.
“(The simulators) won't look exactly like flight hardware, but their function is to test the center of gravity and some of the structural capability…in the (structural test) hardware,” added Mr. Whipps.
All of the welding tools at MAF are now up and running except for the Vertical Assembly Center (VAC), which is the tool responsible for the assembling of the barrels, rings, and domes into the complete Core Stage structures.
Despite being unveiled in a NASA fanfare, the machine suffered from a false start as the vertical rails of the VAC were found to be misaligned, which has kept the tool off-line ever since.
Realignment of the rails is now complete, but the slight position changes were significant enough that the software used with the tool had to be updated.
“Recovery Decision Meetings” during the year have seen the handover date slip month on month, but it is now anticipated that the VAC will be turned over to Boeing sometime around the end of October for qualification and acceptance testing.
“From a qualification and acceptance perspective, there are four stages,” said Frank McCall, Boeing SLS Deputy Program Manager. “First is tool acceptance, and you'll see by the VAC a big barrel on which we'll do that tool acceptance weld. We've already made one weld on that barrel; we will re-weld that and weld another barrel to that and that will be the process by which we accept the tool.
“Then we have welded confidence articles, which are articles that actually qualify the weld process. So we'll go weld flight-type hardware on weld confidence articles and then we'll take those welds, excise them, and go do tests on the welds to ensure that the welds have the right integrity.”
In addition to the assembly of the structural elements, preparations for sub-assembly work to outfit the elements is also in progress. Mr. McCall noted that sub-assembly parts suppliers are currently qualification testing their components for delivery to MAF over the next several months and into early next year.
In the past, MAF was the production site for foundational elements of NASA launch vehicles such as the S-IC first stage of the Saturn V and the Space Shuttle External Tank.
Similar in some respects to the Shuttle ET, the SLS Core Stage is more complicated.
“We're making a rocket, not an External Tank here, but we're making an External Tank and then making it a rocket,” Mr. Whipps noted.
Beyond the propellant tank functions, the Core Stage houses the SLS vehicle avionics in the forward skirt at the top, and the propulsion package in the engine section at the bottom.
“The engine section is by far the most complex new portion of the Core Stage…it will be as densely-packed as the (Space Shuttle) orbiter boat-tail ever was,” Mr. Whipps added.
The engine section includes structural elements for the RS-25 engines and the five-segment solid rocket boosters that are attached at their aft end. It also includes hydraulic, pneumatic, and electrical services for the engines and the vehicle.
“That area is being carefully (arranged), with ergonomic models involved just to be sure that we know how to get people in and around and tighten every bolt and inspect every joint.”
Concurrent with the STA testing at Marshall, MAF will be constructing and assembling the flight hardware for the first Core Stage, CS-1.
After the flight structures are assembled in the VAC, they will get a coating of primer and then the thermal protection system (TPS) foam application.
Following that process, the tanks will be integrated vertically with the other outfitted structures in two major sub-assemblies: the forward-skirt and the intertank with the liquid oxygen tank and the liquid hydrogen tank with the engine section.
External outfitting of the sub-assemblies with feedlines and system tunnels will occur after they are positioned horizontally in the final integration area before they are joined together to allow for final TPS closeouts and RS-25 engine installation.
The now full-assembled rocket will then undergo extensive functional checkouts.
The current schedule continues to call for final assembly and checkout to be completed and the stage ready for transport to the Stennis Space Center in September 2017.
The stage is expected to then ship to the Kennedy Space Center at the end of that year for mating inside the Vehicle Assembly Building (VAB).
(Images: Via Philip Sloss, NASA and L2 – including SLS renders from L2 artist Nathan Koga – The full gallery of Nathan's (SpaceX Dragon to MCT, SLS, Commercial Crew and more) L2 images can be *found here*)
(To join L2, click here: http://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/)
President Donald Trump took aim at the media, Colin Kaepernick and Barack Obama during a Wednesday night interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News.
Trump said the NFL should have suspended football player Kaepernick for kneeling during the National Anthem.
“I thought it was terrible,” Trump told Hannity of players taking a knee in protest against police brutality and racial injustice. “And then it got bigger and bigger and started mushrooming. And frankly the NFL should have suspended him for one game, and he would have never done it again.”
He also placed blame on former U.S. President Obama and other past administrations for not doing enough to curb North Korea's nuclear program.
“This should have been handled 25 years ago, it should have been handled 20 years ago, and 10 years ago, and five years ago,” Trump said of ratcheting tensions between the U.S. and North Korea. “It should have been handled by numerous – not just Obama, but certainly President Obama should have taken care of it. Now it's at a point where it's very, very far advanced,” he said.
Trump also doubled down on his attacks of the media.
“Media is bad, they are really dishonest people. These are very, very dishonest people in many cases,” Trump told Hannity, before saying that not all journalists were bad. “When you're the one being written about, you know if it's good or bad — and it's always… they try and make it negative. So the media — I call it fake media. It is fake. So much fake news.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Result of Saturday's election will have wide-reaching implications but for voters the key issue is the economy
Taiwan election too close to call as China and US look on
Select a twig of laurel from the board in front of him and, pledges fortune teller Zhang Tianyao, "I can tell you things about your career, marriage, how many kids you will have and your future."
But ask him for a more immediate prediction — the outcome of Saturday's neck-and-neck race for Taiwan's presidency — and he turns decidedly coy. He does not even know which way he will vote.
One issue tops his list of concerns, he says as he waits for customers at Taipei's Raohe night market, clad in a brown cowboy hat and navy Sun Yat-Sen suit.
"My priority is for cross-straits relations to be peaceful," he says; a response that helps to explain why the election's outcome will resonate far beyond the island's shores, in Washington and Beijing.
Taiwan has been self-ruled since Chiang Kai-shek's defeated Kuomintang retreated across the Taiwan Strait at the end of China's civil war in 1949. But Beijing yearns for reunification and refuses to rule out military action if Taiwan formally declares independence.
While the Kuomintang president, Ma Ying-jeou, has overseen an unprecedented thaw in cross-straits relations, hundreds of Chinese missiles still point across the straits.
The US government, obliged by an act of Congress to help the island defend itself, wants to ensure stability.
Now Tsai Ing-wen of the pro-independence Democratic People's party — who would be the first female president if elected — has slashed Ma's initially commanding lead.
The race has appeared relatively calm compared with previous turbulent and occasionally violent contests — though a woman with a knife was bundled out of the DPP office on Friday.
But as the candidates criss-crossed the island in a last-minute frenzy of campaigning, analysts judged the outcome too close to call.
"It matters because it is such a central question to the world's two biggest economies," said Clayton Dube, of the University of Southern California's US-China Institute, who is in Taiwan to observe the election.
"Polls show that two-thirds to three-quarters of Chinese people think if there's going to be a conflict with the US it will be over Taiwan."
In contrast, only a handful of American voters identify it as a major issue; Washington wants to ensure it does not dominate bilateral relations. Keeping things on an even keel may be even more important, and tricky, given the Obama administration's shift to a China-focused security strategy.
The US has not formally indicated a preference, but analysts say Washington is clearly hoping for another KMT victory.
Ma's leadership has seen the introduction of the first direct flights, postal services and shipping routes for six decades and an Economic Co-operation Framework Agreement to ease trade. Beijing has even sent across a pair of giant pandas, whose names together mean "reunion".
But critics say his presidency has otherwise been lacklustre, citing issues such as the government's handling of Typhoon Morakot in 2008. Growth quickly returned following the same year's financial crisis, but incomes are barely recovering, bolstering claims that Ma, 61, has been good for big business but bad for the ordinary worker.
While outsiders contemplate the election's impact on international security, Taiwan's 18 million voters seem more interested in their employment and income prospects.
"The political issues date back many decades, but it's not an issue these candidates can solve in a day. For people the only thing that matters is economic stability," says Zhang, the fortune teller.
The savvy campaign by the DPP, traditionally strong in the agricultural south and among the working classes, has focused on economic and social justice rather than Taiwanese identity. Tsai's calm competence – the 51-year-old is a former academic with an LSE doctorate, as well as an experienced negotiator – has impressed swing voters turned off the party by its in-fighting and corruption claims (former president Chen Shui-bian is in jail for money laundering and misuse of public funds).
The race is complicated by the third candidate, James Soong of the People First party, who cannot win but could become kingmaker if the PFP picked up enough seats. Tsai has floated the idea of a coalition.
The DPP leader has also toned down the party's rhetoric on cross-straits relations to counter the KMT's suggestion that voters must choose between stability and uncertainty.
"We don't want to provoke China as the previous administration did for eight years. It will not do any good for Taiwan," Ma told reporters on Thursday.
Although Beijing has been strikingly quiet so far – attempts to exert influence have backfired in previous elections – the opposition claims authorities have pressured businessmen based on the mainland to support the KMT.
Should the DPP win, "Tsai will not want to rock the boat and the US and China will not want to undo four years of improving ties", suggested Jonathan Sullivan of the University of Nottingham, whose Ballots and Bullets blog has chronicled the campaign.
But he noted: "Chen Shui-bian was moderate from 2000-2001 and Beijing ignored and undermined him at all times, which, combined with the KMT's obstructionism, led him to a more radical position. A pessimist would say that neither the CCP [Chinese Communist party] nor KMT have changed, so why should Tsai fare different?"
"I think [Beijing] will say: if we don't show any differences we lose credibility," said Yen Chen-shi of the institute of international relations at the National Chengchi University in Taipei.
The transfer of power to new leaders on the mainland this year creates further uncertainty.
"Hu [Jintao] is considered the most conciliatory Chinese leader. If all those concessions don't bring in Taiwanese votes, hardliners will say they should not do this," added Yen.
Dialogues might well stagnate and Beijing could choke off tourism, a newly lucrative business for Taiwan, or poach one of the handful of tiny territories that still recognise it diplomatically.
The economic outlook is another complication, warned Wu Jau-shieh, Taiwan's chief representative to the US under Chen and now a political analyst at the National Chengchi University. He feared China might turn to nationalism if domestic unrest emerged amid a downturn.
DPP supporters argue there is no such thing as maintaining the status quo. They believe Beijing will press harder for political talks should Ma win.
But his poll ratings plummeted when he mooted the possibility of a peace deal during the campaign.
"Whether Tsai or Ma wins, I think all sides have been reminded that pressuring Taiwan to move towards political negotiations, under the guise of a peace accord, is not an option," said Professor Christopher Hughes of the London School of Economics.
Back to previous page
Mitt Romney's confession
By Editorial Board,
FOR SEVERAL weeks, we've been asking Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney to explain how he can cut taxes, as promised, without adding to the nation's debt, as also promised. Now he's effectively let the cat out of the bag: He can't.
Mr. Romney's tax plan calls for reducing income tax rates by 20 percent. The top bracket would go from 35 percent to 28 percent. He has said that he can do this in a revenue-neutral way by eliminating loopholes. While the rich might pay more, he has said, the middle class would pay less.
There are a couple of pitfalls here. The first is that while closing loopholes sounds good — Make those oil companies pay! — the costliest ones are cherished by most Americans. These are tax provisions that promote home ownership, charitable giving, and employer-provided health care and that allow taxpayers to deduct their state and local income taxes. Limiting or eliminating these popular “loopholes” would be extremely difficult.
The second obstacle, as shown by the Tax Policy Center, a joint venture of the Brookings Institution and the Urban Institute, is that Mr. Romney's plan is mathematically impossible, even if it were politically feasible. Take away every deduction from every wealthy household, the center calculated, and you still couldn't make up the revenue the government would lose by reducing rates without raising taxes on middle-class households.
Not so, Mr. Romney protested recently, and cited an analysis by Harvard economist Martin Feldstein, a Romney campaign adviser. Mr. Feldstein said the math could work — if you took away every deduction from every household earning $100,000 or more. (Even then, he couldn't pay for the estate tax abolition that Mr. Romney also favors, but never mind.) Is that what Mr. Romney has in mind, we asked? If not, what is his plan?
On Friday, ABC's George Stephanopoulos put the question to the candidate. “No, middle income is $200,000 to $250,000 and less,” Mr. Romney replied.
But then, the Harvard study shows, the math can't work. His answer? “The biggest source of getting the country to a balanced budget is not by raising taxes or by cutting spending,” he said. “It's by encouraging the growth of the economy.”
In other words, we are back to counting on magic — to “dynamic scoring,” the voodoo economics of the Reagan era, the wishful thinking of President George W. Bush's 2001 and 2003 tax cuts that helped turn a surplus into the deficit now weighing the nation's economy. Cut taxes and hope the economy grows faster than predicted.
At a time when the nation is already on course to build up a debt so large that interest payments alone will begin to drown us, Mr. Romney wants to reduce taxes further, with — it now appears — no plan to make up the difference. It almost takes your breath away.
More on this topic: The Post's View: Mr. Romney eludes specifics on his tax plan The Post's View: An aversion to telling the truth The Post's View: Mr. Romney's still-fuzzy tax math The Post's View: Mr. Romney's tax plan, obscured by underbrush
FOXBORO, Mass. — Drafted by the long-suffering Cleveland Browns, Barkevious Mingo won a total of 14 games over his first three NFL seasons. His new team nearly matched that total last season alone.
The Browns on Thursday traded Mingo, the sixth overall pick in the 2013 NFL Draft, to the New England Patriots, who have won 12 or more games in each of the last six seasons and have not posted a losing record since 2000.
“It's a huge culture shock,” Mingo said Monday in his first meeting with reporters since the trade. “I felt like the winning spirit was making its way into Cleveland with (new head coach Hue Jackson and his staff), but it's definitely been established here for a long time. I'm just excited to be a part of it.”
He added: “(Growing) up, if you played ‘Madden,' you probably played with the Patriots.”
Mingo, a defensive end/linebacker hybrid who said he'll be playing the latter in Matt Patricia's defense, played for two head coaches and two defensive coordinators during his three seasons in Cleveland. The Browns ranked in the bottom third of the league in total defense in two of those campaigns, and Mingo has yet to live up to his billing as a top-10 pick.
“It was a huge challenge,” he said. “Not knowing going into a year what's going to be the playbook, who's going to be the coach, how you're going to be used. But it's part of the game we chose to play.”
Last week's trade inserted Mingo into a deep and dangerous Patriots defense that has the potential to be one of the best of the Bill Belichick era. The move to New England also reunited him with former Browns defensive end Jabaal Sheard, whom Mingo said served as mentor during what he called a “long and gruesome” rookie season in 2013.
“It's very exciting,” Mingo said. “This team is stacked at every position. You have guys on the outside that can cover, you have interior guys that are holding gaps and linebackers that are hitting those gaps and making big plays. I'm just happy to be a part of it.”
Mingo did not play in the Patriots' third preseason game Friday night. He currently is focused on digesting New England's defensive playbook in preparation for the team's preseason finale this Thursday against the New York Giants and, more importantly, its regular-season opener next Sunday night against the Arizona Cardinals.
“It's hard,” he said. “These guys have got a couple months on me. It's a challenge, but the guys here are really helping me come along, tell me the right directions and just get me ready to play.”
Thumbnail photo via Andrew Weber/USA TODAY Sports Image
HAVANA - President Barack Obama has signed many guest books during his time in office, but the message he left behind for Cubans is one for the history books.
"It is a great honor to pay tribute to Jose Marti, who gave his life for independence of his homeland. His passion for liberty, freedom, and self-determination lives on in the Cuban people today," Obama wrote in dark ink in the book after he laid a wreath and toured a memorial dedicated to the memory of Jose Marti.
Marti was an influential poet and journalist who became a symbol for Cuba's bid for independence against Spain in the 19th century.
Hundreds of Cubans took in the street nearby, waving and taking photos.
Standing next to the president inside the memorial was museum director Aide Diaz Ortega, 96, who told Obama that he was "very kind" for coming to visit the memorial.
Standing in a lineup of Cuba and U.S. officials, the president listened as a military band played both the Cuban and American national anthem. He held his hand on his heart for the "Star Spangled Banner" and watched as three Cuba soldiers carried a massive wreath of red and white roses to the base of the Marti memorial. Obama made no remarks.
The scene was heavy with reminders of Cuba's history.
Behind Obama were striking steel sculptures of two Cuban Revolution figures: Ernesto "Che" Guevara and Camilo Cienfuegos.
In a long-anticipated moment, Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro shook hands warmly and smiled for the cameras as they greeted each other at the Revolutionary Palace.
It was the leaders' first meeting since Obama arrived in Cuba on Sunday and a milestone in the new era of closer relations between the two countries.
Obama and Castro exchanged words briefly, and Obama told Castro about his visit so far through an interpreter saying, "We had a great tour yesterday. Enjoyed it." and "We had a great dinner."
The men then watched a display of Cuban troops. Secretary of State John Kerry, National Security Advisor Susan Rice and several other U.S. officials looked on.
Obama and Castro have met before. They first shook hands in 2013 in South Africa at the Nelson Mandela's funeral.
Havana residents said they hope Obama's meeting with Castro Monday will bring change that betters their lives in concrete ways.
Just before the encounter was set to take place, Marta Rodriguez was waiting for a bus to go to work. She said, "What I hope for is an agreement, an improvement for us."
Roberto Hernandez is a 52-year-old construction worker. He said some things have changed as longtime Cold War foes Havana and Washington repair relations, but added: "I don't see a complete change as the people had expected."
Hernandez said he'd like to see changes that include ending the U.S. embargo, which is also a chief demand of the Cuban government.
Obama has implemented a number of measures poking holes in the embargo, but the power to lift it outright lies with the U.S. Congress.
The leaders held a news conference Monday afternoon, resulted in an extraordinary interchange between CNN reporter Jim Acosta, a second-generation Cuban-American, and Castro, a figure of absolute authority in Cuba who is never subjected to aggressive questioning by the state-controlled press or exposed to questions from independent foreign reporters.
When asked why Cuba has political prisoners, Castro testily addressed Acosta directly, saying "What political prisoners? Give me a name, or names, or after this meeting is over you can give me a list of political prisoners and if we have those political prisoners they will be released before tonight ends."
Cuba is criticized for briefly detaining demonstrators thousands of times a year, but has drastically reduced its practice of handing down long prison sentences for crimes human rights groups consider to be political.
Cuba released dozens of political prisoners as part of its deal to normalize relations with the U.S. and Amnesty International said in its 2015/2016 report that it knew of no prisoners of conscience in Cuba.
Obama also spoke at the news conference, calling it a "new day" in U.S.-Cuba relations.
"For more than half a century, the sight of a U.S. president here in Havana would have been unimaginable. But this is a new day. Es una nueva dia," Obama said.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com. The Associated Press contributed to this report. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Traffic has been significantly heavier on Parramatta Road, one of Sydney's most congested roadways, due to motorists using it to avoid the first day of tolls on a widened stretch of Sydney's M4 motorway between Parramatta and Homebush.
After a month-long toll holiday ended on Tuesday, motorists began forking out for the journey as toll gantries on the M4 were activated for the first time since 2010. The distance-based tolls range from $1.77 to $4.56 each way for cars and motorbikes, or $5.30 to $13.67 for trucks and other heavy vehicles.
Travel times in both directions along western parts of Parramatta Road blew out by about 20 per cent on Tuesday. Traffic was also queued for up to 4 kilometres along Woodville Road from where it intersects with Church Street at Parramatta.
Transport for NSW said it was not unexpected to see motorists avoid the M4, which was "normal for the opening of any new toll road".
The Associated Press uncritically reported Sen. John McCain's charge that Sen. Barack Obama "tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge." In fact, Obama, who has voted in the past to provide funds for fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan, said he voted against a troop funding bill in May 2007 because it did not include a timeline for withdrawal. Further, McCain himself has voted against legislation to fund the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq.
An August 19 Associated Press article uncritically reported Sen. John McCain's charge that Sen. Barack Obama "tried to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge." In fact, contrary to the AP report, Obama did not try "to prevent funding for the troops who carried out the surge." Rather, Obama said he voted against a troop funding bill in May 2007 because it did not include a timeline for withdrawal. Moreover, Obama has voted in the past to provide funds for fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan. As Washington Post media critic Howard Kurtz wrote, "Obama has frequently voted to finance the war but was one of 14 Senate Democrats to oppose a war-funding bill last year -- after Republicans removed troop withdrawal deadlines -- saying he did not want to be 'validating the same failed policy in Iraq.' "
The AP also did not point out that McCain himself has voted against legislation to fund the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and to direct more than $1 billion to the Department of Veteran Affairs, as well as other legislation funding care for veterans.
As Media Matters for America noted, the AP has previously ignored McCain's own votes against troop funding while uncritically quoting his attacks on Obama.
From the August 19 Associated Press article:
Donald Trump is going to war against The New York Times, and the newspaper is refusing to roll over.
A lawyer representing Trump threatened legal action against the newspaper for its Wednesday article about two women alleging that Trump inappropriately touched them. In response, a legal representative for the Times said the article could not have damaged the GOP nominee's reputation any more than he had already done himself.
"The essence of a libel claim, of course, is the protection of one's reputation," the Times' David McCraw wrote in a letter to Trump's lawyer. "Mr. Trump has bragged about this non-consensual sexual touching of women. He has bragged about intruding on beauty pageant contestants in their dressing rooms. He acquiesced to a radio host's request to discuss Mr. Trump's own daughter as a 'piece of a--.' Multiple women not mentioned in our article have publicly come forward to report on Mr. Trump's unwanted advances. Nothing in our article has had the slightest effect on the reputation that Mr. Trump, through his own words and actions, has already created for himself."
Trump lawyer Marc Kasowitz had asked that the Times "immediately cease any further publication of this article, remove it from your website and issue a full and immediate retraction and apology."
"Failure to do so will leave my client with no option but to pursue all available actions and remedies," Kasowitz added.
The Times story, "Two Women Say Donald Trump Touched Them Inappropriately," details claims that Trump touched one woman on a plane more than three decades ago and another in an elevator in 2005. NBC News has not confirmed the allegations.
Trump vociferously denied those allegations, calling them "totally and absolutely false."
McCraw said the Times reporters "diligently worked to confirm the women's accounts."
But in a Thursday afternoon speech, Trump made clear he was gunning for the Times, characterizing the newspaper as desperate and untruthful.
"The New York Times is fighting desperately for its relevance and its financial survival and it probably won't be around in a few years based on its financial outlook, which wouldn't be a bad thing if you want to know the truth," he said. "But as it winds down its years and it's becoming more and more problematic, it's gotten more and more vicious, more and more vile."
Here's the full text of the letter Trump's lawyer sent to The New York Times:
The official test back in Le Castellet and a summer date for Silverstone
The 2018 European Le Mans Series calendar has been unveiled and, in a schedule that offers consistency and stability, features 4-hour races at the same six top class venues as this season, with two small revisions.
The official pre-season test will move back to Le Castellet in April, with the French venue also hosting the opening round of the series five days later. Silverstone, which has been the traditional season opener since 2013, will swap with Le Castellet and move to a summer date in August.
The British fans will have the opportunity to enjoy a summer race, with the UK round on Saturday 18 August, an event which will also feature Round 3 of the FIA World Endurance Championship.
The other four-hour races will still be held in Italy (Monza) in May, Austria (Red Bull Ring) in July, Belgium (Spa-Francorchamps) in September and the season finale in Portugal (Portimão) in October.
After a highly successful 2017 season, the Michelin Le Mans Cup will continue to follow the European Le Mans Series all year long, with the exception of Silverstone as the series will have its flagship event, the Road to Le Mans, at the 2018 24 Hours of Le Mans in June.
The 2018 season will once again give the competitors the opportunity to race at the best European motor sport venues and the fans to enjoy great racing all around Europe.
Pierre Fillon, President of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest: “It's important for the ACO, promoter of the ELMS, to guarantee the best calendar possible for this high-quality championship. We do not forget most of the teams participating in the 24 Hours of Le Mans come from the ELMS. We find in this championship values that the endurance community and the ACO consider as very important.”
Gérard Neveu, European Le Mans Series CEO: “The European Le Mans Series and the Michelin Le Mans Cup are two championships that give us complete satisfaction. We are making sure that the budgets are reasonable and are trying to keep our high-quality competitors that are running both championships satisfied. With this 2018 calendar we have chosen to emphasise cost efficiency, stability and quality.”
Share. For Europe at least. For Europe at least.
Update: Sony has confirmed The Last of Us: Remastered PS4 bundle that leaked earlier this week will be coming to Europe and cost £374.99 / €429.99.
Anyone who picks up the bundle will get The Last of Us: Remastered, a PS4 console and a DualShock 4 controller. Though the post only lists a vague "next month" for release, Amazon France originally suggested July 30, a day after the game releases. We'll let you know when things are nailed down and we hear about other territories.
Original story follows.
Original Story: The Last of Us: Remastered is set to get an accompanying PS4 bundle, according to a listing on Amazon France.
The listing confirms the bundle will be released on July 30, a day after Naughty Dog's remastered post-apocalyptic epic hits PS4. We've yet to receive confirmation about whether such a bundle will hit outside of France, but are chasing up Sony now and will update when we hear back.
Yesterday we heard Sony is refunding anyone who pre-ordered The Last of Us: Remastered digitally $10 following a price drop. The game originally launched on PlayStation 3 in June of 2013 -- almost exactly a year ago, right now -- and it was a masterpiece. It won IGN's Game of the Year 2013 award.
Amazon France has previous form in accurately leaking game details before publishers were ready to reveal them. To date, its list of scalps include Call of Duty: Black Ops II, the Killzone Trilogy, the European-only Assassin's Creed Anthology and Grand Theft Auto V on PC.
Luke Karmali is IGN's UK News Editor. You too can revel in mediocrity by following him on Twitter.
Good Samaritan Shaun Oliver drowns attempting to save child at Wollongong beach
Updated
A heroic Victorian man has drowned while trying to rescue a child caught in a rip at a beach in Wollongong, south of Sydney, police said.
Police were called after reports four children were struggling in the surf at Wollongong City beach about 4:30pm on Sunday.
Acting Inspector Cheryl Dunlop said the children's father got the two youngest to shore while an off-duty paramedic helped a 10-year-old boy to safety.
The good Samaritan, Shaun Oliver, swam out to help a 12-year-old boy, but the boy was swept further out to sea.
"A 32-year-old man also entered the water to help rescue the children, but he got into trouble himself," Inspector Dunlop said.
A surfer, who was at the beach, then helped the 12-year-old boy to shore.
Mr Oliver was found a short time later face down in the water.
Three police officers arrived and brought him to shore and paramedics gave him CPR, but he died later in Wollongong hospital.
Two of the four children and the off-duty paramedic were taken to hospital for assessment.
Tributes to 'hero' dad
Friends and family of Mr Oliver paid tribute to him on social media.
On the crowd funding page GoFundMe, his family said Mr Oliver and his wife Carla were childhood sweethearts.
"Sadly not long before their tenth wedding anniversary, Shaun was faced with an ultimatum.
"He chose to protect those who could not protect themselves.
"And he, and his family have paid a heavy price."
The Keysborough Football and Netball Club, where Mr Oliver played as a junior and senior, tweeted that news of his death was "devastating".
On Facebook, Daniel Jackson said: "You went out selfless trying to help. You are a good man Shaun".
Remarkable acts of bravery
Detective Inspector Brad Ainsworth said all the people who went to help the children acted heroically.
"There were just remarkable acts of bravery all around," he said.
Detective Inspector Ainsworth said the 32-year-old man who died paid the ultimate sacrifice for coming to the aid of others.
"He was here on business, I believe, from Victoria. He's a married man with three children.
"I believe he was just walking along the beach and he's just acted."
But he said the incident was avoidable.
"When you say, 'would they [the swimmers] know about the surf?' I would say, 'no'.
"Yesterday there were treacherous conditions, there was a heavy surf, the beach was closed, it wasn't patrolled.
"Unfortunately, they've entered the water and it's resulted in the death of a hero."
Surf Life Saving NSW Illawarra duty officer Daren Weidner said swimmers needed to heed warnings about dangerous surf conditions.
"They've ventured out into dangerous seas. There's a rather hazardous swell warning issued this weekend. We've seen seas and waves of three to four metres," he said on Sunday afternoon.
"People need to heed the warnings and make sure they don't go in dangerous surf and unpatrolled beaches."
Inquiries into the incident are continuing and police will prepare a report for the coroner.
Topics: death, disasters-and-accidents, wollongong-2500, vic, nsw
First posted
Miami Marlins Top 20 Prospects for 2016
The list and grades are a blending of present performance and long-term potential. Comments are welcome, but in the end all analysis and responsibility is mine. Full reports on all players can be found in the 2016 Baseball Prospect Book. We are now taking pre-orders for the book, so order early and order often!
All of these grades are preliminary and subject to change.
QUICK PRIMER ON GRADE MEANINGS
Grade A prospects are the elite. In theory, they have a good chance of becoming stars or superstars. Theoretically, most Grade A prospects develop into stars or at least major league regulars, if injuries or other problems don't intervene. Note that is a major "if" in some cases.
Grade B prospects have a good chance to enjoy successful careers. Some will develop into stars, some will not. Most end up spending several years in the majors, at the very least in a marginal role.
Grade C prospects are the most common type. These are guys who have something positive going for them, but who may have a question mark or three, or who are just too far away from the majors to get an accurate feel for. A few Grade C guys, especially at the lower levels, do develop into stars. Many end up as role players or bench guys. Some don't make it at all.
Finally, keep in mind that all grades are shorthand. You have to read the full comment in the book for the full analysis about a player, the letter grade only tells you so much. A Grade C prospect in rookie ball could end up being very impressive, while a Grade C prospect in Triple-A is likely just a future role player.
1) Stone Garrett, OF, Grade B-: Age 20, hit .297/.352/.581 in the New York-Penn League, 11 homers, 19 walks, 60 strikeouts in 222 at-bats, led pitching-oriented league in homers and SLG against older competition. Eighth round pick in 2014 made rapid progress, power is genuine, runs well, still working on contact issues. Garrett and Josh Naylor below are the two impact bats in this system. I will admit that putting Garrett ahead of Kolek is a little clickbaity, but see the point below.
2) Tyler Kolek, RHP, Grade B-: Age 20, first round pick in 2014, posted 4.56 ERA with 81/61 K/BB in 109 innings in Low-A. Threw 102 MPH in high school, last year his fastball ranged from 88 in some outings to as high as 100 and was usually in the low-90s. Secondary pitches and command are mediocre at best resulting in weak component ratios given the less consistent velocity. Very high upside, but very high risk as well. Will rank number one in the system on most lists and that's defensible, but if you just call him Player X instead of Tyler Kolek, it gets harder to make the case that he's significantly more valuable than Garrett or Naylor. Based solely on the merits and not the draft slot, he's not.
The safe, consensus thing to do would be rate Kolek number one with a bunch of caveats, but I'll take a chance this year.
3) Josh Naylor, 1B, Grade B-: Age 18, hit .327/.351/.418 in rookie ball, first round pick from high school in Ontario, highest drafted Canadian ever. Huge power inherent in 6-0, 225 frames, draws Prince Fielder comps. This grade may turn out to be too conservative and the more I think about it, the more I think he may ultimately belong ahead of both Kolek and Garrett. I'll table that idea until spring training.
4) Jarlin Garcia, LHP, Grade B-/C+: Age 22, posted 3.06 ERA, 69/23 K/BB in 97 innings in High-A, 4.91 ERA with 35/17 K/BB in 37 innings in Double-A. 90-95 fastball, good curve and improved change, command can get sloppy but when he's on he looks like a steady number four starter, perhaps more.
5) Brett Lilek, LHP, Grade B-/C+: Age 22, second round pick in 2015 from Arizona State, erratic in college but quite good in pro ball, 3.34 ERA with 43/7 K/BB in 35 innings in NY-P. Good size at 6-4, 225, average fastball, solid curve and change, command was much better in pro ball than it was in college. If he maintains that, will move quickly as number four starter type, perhaps more.
6) Kendry Flores, RHP, Grade B-/C+: Age 24, posted 2.29 ERA with 85/29 K/BB in 118 innings between Double-A, Triple-A, 4.97 ERA in 13 big league innings with 9/4 K/BB. Pitchability type with 88-93 fastball, average change, curve, slider, throws strikes, has never excited scouts but has been successful when healthy. Another number four starter type.
7) Brian Anderson, 3B, Grade C+: Age 22, hit .235/.304/.344 with eight homers, 40 walks, 109 strikeouts in 477 at-bats in High-A. I was really high on him a year ago so this was disappointing for former University of Arkansas standout but I think he can rebound if he can lock down the strike zone more efficiently. Played very well with the glove at third base.
8) Austin Dean, OF, Grade C+: Age 22, hit .268/.318/.366 with five homers, 18 steals, 39 walks, 76 strikeouts in 519 at-bats in High-A. Like teammate Anderson he didn't meet expectations but still has potential, features more speed on the bases than Anderson but less power and defensive value.
9) Ivan Pineyro, RHP, Grade C+: Age 24, acquired from Cubs in Dan Haren deal, posted 3.58 ERA with 118/41 K/BB in 146 innings at three levels finishing strong in Pacific Coast League. Like Flores, he has average stuff more or less and relies on pitching instincts, command, change of speed, but it has worked when healthy. Another potential fourth starter, hasn't received the same attention as Flores but a similar talent.
10) Nick Wittgren, RHP, Grade C+: Age 24, posted 3.03 ERA with 64/8 K/BB in 62 innings in PCL, 19 saves, excellent track record as minor league closer with deceptive delivery, low-90s fastball, above-average breaking ball, aggressive attitude. Ready for trial as a middle reliever, one of several the Marlins have who could slot in pen this year.
11) Avery Romero, INF, Grade C+: Age 22, hit .259/.315/.314 in High-A with 38 walks, 71 strikeouts in 455 at-bats. Like Anderson and Dean, his hitting in the Florida State League was disappointing given his past track record but he still has a shot at being a useful role player. Will join them in Double-A lineup.
12) Austin Brice, RHP, Grade C+: Age 23, posted 4.67 ERA with 127/69 K/BB in 125 innings in Double-A. Durable, eats innings, gets his strikeouts with plus curve and fastball that can hit 94, but erratic command continues to hold him back. Would not surprise me to see him thrive in pen.
13) Chris Paddack, RHP, Grade C+: Age 20, eighth round pick in 2015 from high school in Texas, posted 2.18 ERA with 39/7 K/BB in 45 innings in rookie ball. Was supposed to be quite raw but projectable. He's still projectable at 6-4, 190, but pitchability was much better than advertised, showing excellent change-up and promising curve, sharp control. Aggressive placement here ahead of better-known prospects but seems like a real breakthrough candidate.
14) Isaiah White, OF, Grade C: Age 19, hit .294/.321/.381 with zero homers, 13 steals in 13 attempts, three walks, 44 strikeouts in 126 at-bats in rookie ball. Third round pick from North Carolina high school, very raw but has blazing speed and some power potential, very high ceiling but a long-term project.
15) Isael Soto, OF, Grade C: Age 19, hit .125 with 27 strikeouts in 64 at-bats in Low-A before going down with knee injury, then went 2-for-21 in the NY-P with 10 strikeouts in late August. In between hit .346 in 26 at-bats in GCL injury rehab. Excellent left-side power potential and a favorite of many sources, was supposed to be polished for his age but performance did not support those reports. Like White and Holloway, a very high ceiling talent.
16) Jordan Holloway, RHP, Grade C: Age 19, posted 2.91 ERA with 40/36 K/BB in 68 innings in NY-P, 20th round pick in 2014 from high school in Colorado, lanky, projectable, can hit 95 but secondary pitches and command remain very raw. Like White, has a high ceiling but needs time.
17) Justin Jacome, LHP, Grade C: Age 22, fifth round pick from UC Santa Barbara, posted 2.48 ERA with 29/7 K/BB in 33 innings in NY-P. Good debut, could be similar to Lilek but reports aren't quite as enthusiastic and some believe he will fit better in bullpen.
18) Cody Poteet, RHP, Grade C: Age 22, fourth round pick in 2015 from UCLA, 2.13 ERA with 12/2 K/BB in 13 innings in NY-P. Like Jacome he is an advanced college pitcher who should move through the system quickly but long-term role is unclear at this time. Both will make more rapid impact than Paddack or Holloway but offer less upside. Fantasy owners should view accordingly depending on their needs.
19) Kyle Barraclough, RHP, Grade C: Age 25, acquired from Cardinals for Steve Cisek, posted 2.59 ERA with 30/18 K/BB in 24 major league innings after dominating high minors. Throws hard but needs to lower walk rate to maintain the ERA. Could be good source of filler innings.
20) Brian Ellington, RHP, Grade C: Age 25, 16th round pick in 2012 from West Florida, posted 2.88 ERA in 25 major league innings with 18/13 K/BB. Like Barraclough, he throws hard enough to be a good middle reliever if the command is there.
OTHERS OF NOTE: Jeff Brigham, RHP; Jake Esch, RHP; Raudel Lazo, LHP; Michael Mader, LHP; Austin Nola, SS; Nefi Ogando, RHP; Chris Reed, LHP; J.T. Riddle, INF; Arturo Rodriguez, C-1B; Anfernee Seymour, SS; Tomas Telis, C; K.J. Woods, 1B
There's some decent pitching in this system but a distinct lack of impact bats, though Garrett and Naylor (and maybe White and Soto) might change that. The Grade C guys are essentially interchangeable and I highlighted the ones I found most interesting for one reason or another.
I will be around to answer questions in the comments section tomorrow.
Correspondingly, the recent tests of a possible nuclear device and ballistic missiles by North Korea brought scrutiny to the changes in this budget that relate to missile defense. The risk to national security has again been invoked, mainly because the total missile defense budget was reduced from last year.
In fact, where the threat is real or growing - from rogue states or from short-to-medium range missiles that can hit our deployed troops or our allies and friends - this budget sustains or increases funding. Most of the cuts in this area come from two programs that are designed to shoot down enemy missiles immediately after launch. This was a great idea, but the aspiration was overwhelmed by the escalating costs, operational problems, and technological challenges.
Consider the example of one of those programs - the Airborne Laser. This was supposed to put high-powered lasers on a fleet of 747s. After more than a decade of research and development, we have yet to achieve a laser with enough power to knock down a missile in boost phase more than 50 miles from the launch pad - thus requiring these huge planes to loiter deep in enemy airspace to have a feasible chance at a direct hit.
Moreover, the 10 to 20 aircraft needed would cost about $1.5 billion each plus tens of millions of dollars each year for maintenance and operating costs. The program and operating concept were fatally flawed and it was time to face reality. So we curtailed the existing program while keeping the prototype aircraft for research and development.
....
Some have called for yet more analysis before making any of the decisions in this budget. But when dealing with programs that were clearly out of control, performing poorly, and excess to the military's real requirements, we did not need more study, more debate, or more delay - in effect, paralysis through analysis. What was needed were three things - common sense, political will, and tough decisions. Qualities too often in short supply in Washington, D.C.
All of these decisions involved considering trade-offs, balancing risks, and setting priorities - separating nice-to-haves from have-to-haves, requirements from appetites. We cannot expect to eliminate risk and danger by simply spending more - especially if we're spending on the wrong things. But more to the point, we all - the military, the Congress, and industry - have to face some iron fiscal realities.
Some Christian Assyrians have reportedly accused the Obama administration-backed Kurdish Democratic Party (PYD) in northern Syria of imposing revisionist education curricula on the Christian Assyrians and Arabs that changes the Old Testament.
The PYD and its armed wing, the People's Protection Units (YPG), control large swathes of northern Syria, home to many Assyrians and Arabs.
In March, the PYD-led Kurds declared a de-facto federal region in northern Syria, a move that drew condemnation from neighboring Turkey, the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria, and even the United States, which considers the “party” its ally against the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL).
German-language newspaper Die Welt recently interviewed John Eissa and his wife Nancy, who lead the Assyrian Edessa Language Institute in northern Syria.
John declared, “In the new textbooks they [the Kurds] alter historical and geographical facts!”
As examples, he noted that Assyrian Christian places are given new Kurdish names and history students are being taught that King Nebuchadnezzar from the Old Testament, to whom the construction of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon is credited, married a Kurdish woman.
The Assyrian International News Agency (AINA) reports, “In fact, this development is not surprising. Back in autumn 2015, Kurdish language school curricula started to generate controversy for being too ideological and ‘prioritizing a single view over all others.'”
Die Welt points out that Christian Assyrians are concerned that Kurdish revisionism will eventually lead to disputes.
In 2011, the Syrian Kurds systematically began developing their new education curricula, which is now being enforced as a blueprint for the Assyrians and Arabs in the region, according to the German news outlet.
The curriculum is being enforced through a so-called Education Committee. Die Welt learned from Malek Hanna, an Assyrian member of that committee, that it allows “no independent decisions” to be taken.
The chairman of the panel does not allow any vote without the presence of people linked to the PYD who actually lack a legitimate voice because they are not official members, indicated Hanna.
Die Welt reports that the “party” makes “all the important decisions” although they hold no membership positions within the committee.
“That's against the rules of democracy,” says Hanna. “These people are radical hardliners who want to impose their Kurdish nationalism on everyone.”
Turkey, Syria, the Assyrian Christians, and some Republican lawmakers in the United States have accused the PYD and the YPG of being linked to the Kurdish Workers Party (PKK), which has been designated a terrorist group by Turkey, the United States, and various other countries.
Although the U.S. State Department has insisted that the Obama administration does not consider the PYD or the YPG to be terrorist organizations, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter told U.S. lawmakers early this month that the two Syrian Kurdish groups were indeed aligned with the PKK.
The Obama administration has long defended the YPG as an effective force fighting ISIS on the ground in Syria.
Meanwhile, clashes have erupted between PYD-linked armed groups and Christian Assyrians in the region.
Retired U.S. Lt. Col. Sargis Sangari, a decorated Iraq war veteran who identifies as an Assyrian American, told Breitbart News in February that Kurdish self-governance in Syria “would kill Christianity” because the region being promised to the Kurds includes all Christian Assyrian villages in the country.
Col. Sangari serves as head of the Near East Center for Strategic Engagement and an advisor to the Christian Assyrian Army.
AINA reports:
The parallel governing structures [of the Syrian regime and the Kurds] are causing serious practical problems for the population of the region, such as forced conscription to military service, additional taxes on businesses and Kurdish nationalistic education curricula imposed in private and public schools. In November 2015, sixteen Assyrian and Armenian civic and religious organizations issued a statement protesting the enforcement of Kurdish self-administration in the Hasaka province (AINA 2015-11-02). The statement accused the PYD, among others, of expropriation of private property, illegal military conscription and interference in church school curricula. The criticism against the Kurdish approach was massively echoed by Assyrian federations from U.S., Australia and Europe (AINA 2015-11-10) while also addressing illegal seizure of property, forced conscription and threats, pressure and targeted killings.
The news agency did note that at least one Assyrian group, the Syriac Union Party, supported the Syrian Kurds' self-governance efforts.
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Thirty-three-year-old Zalal knows from experience that guerrillas of the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), who are withdrawing from Turkey into bases in Iraqi Kurdistan as part of a peace deal with Ankara, will have a hard time adjusting to new lives as civilians.
“They will have a very hard time,” she says, after hearing news that the first groups of PKK fighters have arrived in Iraqi Kurdistan, where they were united with their families. Some 2,000 fighters are expected to leave Turkey as part of a peace process aimed at ending three decades of conflict that has claimed more than 40,000 lives.
It took Zalal years to adapt to her new life, after she left the PKK seven years ago. “I did not know anyone here,” she recalls about her re-introduction to civilian life.
Zalal was merely 18 when she left her Turkish village to join the PKK. Nine years later she left the organization, after a fight over the way female fighters should dress for sports. She demanded they should wear T-shirts and shorts, just like the men. When she insisted, she was locked away for a month, only to be released after her team and other comrades openly took a stand in her favor.
The commander who imprisoned her said she wanted to escape the organisation, a lie that hurt her as much as the awareness that the PKK is supposed to be in favour of women's rights, but does not always act accordingly. When she left 18-months later, it was without the consent of her top commanders, and she feared for her life.
And here in Iraq, the Kurds were scared of us. They thought they would get into trouble if they supported us. And here in Iraq, the Kurds were scared of us. They thought they would get into trouble if they supported us.
“I was so scared they would come and kill me,” she recalls, adding she could not return to her village or her country for fear of persecution. “And here in Iraq, the Kurds were scared of us. They thought they would get into trouble if they supported us.”
The difference between Zalal and the PKK fighters now arriving is that the latter are not leaving the organization in the same manner she did. But Zalal fears that, once they join civilian life, they will hit the same lows she experienced.
There was no money or work in the beginning, and it was not easy finding a roof over her head. The only help she found was from former comrades. “There were days I hardly had anything to eat.”
Because she is a woman on her own, many took her for a prostitute. “They called me pisa, dirty. They think that a girl who has fought in the mountains must surely have lost her honour,” she says.
Everything was foreign to her, even handling money, which she did not have to do at the PKK, where supplies are provided for fighters.
“Shopkeepers were overcharging me, but how could I know? As fighters, we forgot all about money and how it works,” she says, recalling she was so naive that she agreed to rent a place for more than she was earning, causing big problems with her landlord.
Cooking was also a problem. It's not that she did not know how; it was that she did not know how to cook in small quantities.
“I was used to cooking for a hundred people or more. But making something to eat for one or two I did not manage in the beginning.”
The biggest problems she suffered were psychological, Zalal says.
“It is as if they have left you in the middle of the sea and you cannot swim,” she says, recalling bad depressions. “I was wondering: why did I waste nine years of my life? I went in to fight for more rights, and came out with less.”
Shopkeepers were overcharging me, but how could I know? As fighters, we forgot all about money and how it works, Shopkeepers were overcharging me, but how could I know? As fighters, we forgot all about money and how it works,
Now she is concerned about her brother, who left the PKK six months ago and is living with her. She tries to help him. “For us there is no therapy. What we need is love and trust,” she explains.
“I still have moments of depression,” she says, wondering how fighters who have spent as many as 25 years with the guerrillas will cope.
In the end, Zalal did learn to adapt – and flourish. She bought carts to sell popcorn, began renting them out to vendors and selling them the supplies to operate small businesses. Today, she is a successful businesswoman herself, with a comfortable house and even a maid to look after her.
Although she is living a life of relative luxury, her emotional scars still have not completely healed. Most of her friends still are former PKK fighters, because she could not build lasting friendships with others. A marriage, to a Kurdish man from Turkey without a background in the organisation, also did not last.
Today, she says, she is afraid of nothing, as she shows the scars from a gunfight that almost killed her. “My comrades say that I am like a cat, that I have nine lives.”
Aerospace
Boeing plans to make the first involuntary layoffs at its North Charleston campus since operations began there in 2011, according to a company memo.
Fewer than 200 employees will receive involuntary layoff notices on Friday, the memo said.
“This is a first for BSC (Boeing South Carolina),” Joan Robinson-Berry, vice president and general manager of Boeing South Carolina, said in the memo. She added, “there may be more to come.”
The Boeing Co. has been laying off thousands of workers at plants across the country, specifically in the Puget Sound region of Washington state, since early 2016. Company leaders have said layoffs are necessary in the Commercial Airplanes division to boost competitiveness with Boeing rival Airbus and to cut production costs.
Until now, Boeing's Lowcountry operations had only voluntary layoffs — 200 workers received voluntary notices in April 2016, followed by 600 voluntary notices handed out in January.
Involuntary layoffs are now needed to meet the company's business plan and improve competitiveness, Robinson-Berry said in the memo.
“Our BCA leaders have been preparing us for this possibility since late last year,” Robinson-Berry said, referring to Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We are all aware of the need to be more competitive in a relentlessly challenging industry. Our competitors do not rest in their drive to win sales campaigns and neither can we. ... While we understand the business need, it doesn't make this action any easier.”
The involuntary layoffs will affect several departments and positions: operations management; engineering, both management and non-management; quality managers, quality systems specialists and quality production specialists; industrial engineering; staff analysts and office administrators; and training.
Robinson-Berry said the plane manufacturer has worked to mitigate the number of job cuts by bringing additional work to the site, offering the voluntary layoff packages and filling open positions from within.
“Unfortunately, we have not been able to avoid moving forward with an involuntary layoff process. ... My heart goes out to those involved in this process. I know how difficult it is,” Robinson-Berry said.
Boeing South Carolina employed 7,379 people as of May 25, which is down 10% compared with May 2016 and down 12% since March 2014, when the site hit its highest employment with about 8,400 employees, according to company data.
In the past year, the Boeing S.C. site opened a new paint facility for Dreamliners, rolled out the first 787-10 Dreamliner, had a visit from President Donald Trump and held an election with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, in which voters overwhelmingly turned down union representation.
Boeing's Lowcountry operations include building all three models of the 787 Dreamliner, producing interior components for the 787, making engine parts for the 737 Max and 777X, and running centers for information technology and for research.
Southern border residents are joining communities across the nation in urging Congress to pass a DREAM Act before the end of the year. An estimated 1 in 5 DREAMers live in the southern border region, and about half of all DREAMers reside in the four southern border states -- California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
For Border Dreamers and their families, legislation that trades more border militarization for DREAMer protections, means an expanded deportation force in our communities and beyond.
ADVERTISEMENT
For nearly two decades, the 15 million people who call the southern border region home have been living under the boot of militarization. Customs and Border Protection (CBP), which includes the Border Patrol, is the largest law-enforcement agency in our country. The federal agency has grown without commensurate accountability and oversight mechanisms, turning CBP into arguably one of the most corrupt and violent law-enforcement agencies in the United States.
All too often, the needs of border communities are overlooked and our voices muted by hyperbole that paints a false narrative of our reality in the southern border. Our communities are not only statistically some of the safest in the country, the borderlands are environmentally rich, economically vital and culturally diverse. Yet our neighborhoods are plagued by the militarized presence of about 20,000 armed Border Patrol agents, invasive technology and intrusive checkpoints. More militarization means more abuse, more corruption, more interior checkpoints, more racial profiling, more unwarranted searches, and more impediments to legitimate trade and travel.
When a ten-year-old girl is taken into custody by border agents at a checkpoint mile from the actual border while traveling to the closest children's hospital for emergency surgery, it's time to put an end to the misguided border enforcement regime. The incident showcases the cruel and inhumane practices of the Trump administration's deportation machine, as well as a disturbing pattern by the Border Patrol to use checkpoints to target children and other vulnerable people. Earlier this year, Border Patrol agents arrested the parents of a 2-month-old child awaiting surgery.
As the Director of the Southern Border Communities Coalition, I stand firm with border residents and Border DREAMers and we have a clear message for Congress:
We want a Dream Act that does not put the families of Border Dreamers in jeopardy and does not further militarize our communities.
Our communities don't need or want:
No more Border Patrol agents - The Border Patrol functions as a deportation force in border communities and even 100 miles into the U.S.
No border wall - This includes gates, vehicle barriers and levees that threaten irreparable damage to fragile ecosystems, harm transborder trade relationships, risk life-threatening floods, trample sacred indigenous land, and involve the unjust taking of private property.
No waiver Authorities - Waiver​ ​authorities​ ​roll back ​protections​ ​for​ ​our​ ​communities and eliminate environmental, health, cultural and other safeguards that protect us.
What our communities need and want are common sense proposals that include:
Christian Ramirez is the Director of Southern Border Communities Coalition. He can be reached at Christian@alliancesd.org.
Apple Takes Heat For Software Lock That Prevents iPhone 7 Home Button Replacement By Third-Party Vendors
from the right-to-repair dept
We've been discussing for some time how John Deere, Apple, Sony and Microsoft are among a laundry list of companies fighting against so-called "right to repair" bills. The bills, currently being pushed in a handful of different states, make it easier for consumers to repair their own products and find replacement parts and tools. The bills are an organic consumer response to the attempts of many of these companies to monopolize repair, driven in large part by John Deere's draconian lockdown on "unauthorized repairs" -- forcing tractor owners to pirate tractor firmware and maintenance tools just to repair products they thought they owned.
Apple's been notably vocal on this subject, recently trying to shut down a Nebraska right to repair bill by proclaiming that it would turn the state into a dangerous hacker playground. Of course, propped up by the DMCA's anti-circumvention rules, Apple has utilized a rotating crop of tools to try and protect this repair monopoly. Last year, for example, Apple caused a bit of a shitstorm due to "Error 53", part of an iOS update that bricked phones that had their screens replaced by third party repair vendors.
Having apparently learned no lessons from the backlash from that use of repair locks, Apple is once again taking heat for new software locks cooked into the iPhone 7, which prevent the device's home button from working after it has been replaced. Unless, that is, the replacement is performed by a certified Apple technician with the proper "re-calibration" software. The home button is used to unlock the phone, and to return the user to the home screen when pressed.
In previous iPhone versions (iPhone 5S, 6, and 6S) if you replaced the home button you lost the security function, but users could still login via pin -- and the button still worked to bring users "home." But with the iPhone 7, replacing the home button via third-party vendor results in the button not working at all -- unless you take the device to Apple's Genius bar. This is, independent repair shops claim, just part of Apple's overall strategy of monopolizing repair, hampering third-party repair vendors, and restricting consumer choice:
"In a video demonstrating the block, Michael Oberdick, owner of the independent iPhone repair shop iOutlet, swapped the front displays (and home buttons) of two iPhone 7 devices. When swapped, the phone displays an error message that says "The Home Button May Need Service." Its functionality is disabled and "Assistive Touch" automatically pops up on the device, creating an onscreen, software-based home button."
This is, Oberdick argues, little more than a vindictive, anti-consumer move on the part of Apple:
"Not supporting that menu function makes no sense," Justin Carroll, owner of FruitFixed, an independent iPhone repair shop, told me. "Just a sad and petulant move on their part that will directly affect consumers especially after their one year manufacturer warranty is up."...This may sound like an esoteric issue, and to some extent it is—screen replacements can still be done so long as the original home button is carefully removed and moved to the new screen. But software locks specifically designed to prevent repair are a monopolistic, anti-consumer move that attempts to "tie" an electronic to the manufacturer even after it's already been sold.
Whether coming from Apple, Sony, or Microsoft, opposition to "right to repair" bills usually focuses on the three (false) ideas: the bills will make users less safe, somehow "compromise" intellectual property, and open the door to cybersecurity theft. Apple will be sure to breathlessly insist that they're only making the iPhone 7's home button impossible to repair to protect consumer security, hoping you'll ignore the entire practice of such software locks simply allows the company to monopolize repair, drive up the cost of overall ownership for all of its customers, and make life harder for third-party repair vendors.
Filed Under: digital locks, home button, iphone, right to repair, software lock
Companies: apple
Image copyright Rex Features
It's been 30 years since the release of Blade Runner and 10 years since Minority Report. Both are rich sources of predictions about the future. But what has actually come to pass?
Based on Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? by Philip K Dick, Ridley Scott's Blade Runner - the tale of a hunt for four dangerous "replicant" humans - is a classic envisioning of a dystopian future, set in 2019 Los Angeles.
Minority Report, based on a short story by Dick of the same name, and set in Washington DC in 2054, is another cornucopia of technological possibility, where crime is predicted and therefore prevented.
So which predictions in these movies have been fulfilled?
Languages challenging English
As well as English, some of Blade Runner's 2019 LA residents speak a patois mixing European and east Asian languages.
There has certainly been language shift in Los Angeles, most notably a doubling of the number of Spanish speakers (those who speak the language at home) in the past 30 years from 1.5 million in 1980 to 3.6 million in 2010 (including Spanish Creole).
Internationally, Spanish is also significant and futuregazers have gone as far as predicting that one day Mandarin Chinese could become the default language of business worldwide.
Speaking to the New York Times in 2009, French linguist Claude Hagege, author of On the Death and Life of Languages, said that Hindi and Mandarin could replace English some day.
Gesture-based computer interfaces
Image copyright Rex Features
John Anderton, Tom Cruise's character in Minority Report, dons a data glove to use a rather elegant gesture-based interface. Wired magazine reported back in 2008 that such interfaces would soon become a reality.
John Underkoffler, the scientist who developed the system for Minority Report, set up Oblong Industries to develop and market it. He told TED in 2010: "We're not finished until all the computers in the world work like this."
Image copyright Getty Images
The triumph of touchscreen interfaces is an obvious prelude. The Apple iPhone has offered "pinch", "pull" and "swipe" features for the past five years, and the Microsoft Kinect games system allows users to control the action with their movements.
The most recent addition is the Leap gesture-based computer interaction system, launched in May. The USB device tracks an area of 8 cu ft for movement, and is capable of differentiating between fingers, thumbs and pencils.
Hover cars
Image copyright Rex Features Image caption Blade Runner's flying police car
While gesture-based interfaces might seem imminent, at the other end of the prediction spectrum there's hover cars, a concept that is yet to become reality.
As well as flying, vertical take-off and landing, the police car used by Rick Deckard - played by Harrison Ford - in Blade Runner is capable of ground travel.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Terrafugia Transition can perform as an aircraft or a street-legal vehicle
The car driven by Anderton in Minority Report has an electric engine, body panels that change colour, is self-cleaning and can repair itself. The doors and ignition require a DNA match, meaning it is not easily stolen.
That's not to say there are no flying cars. In April, TekGoblin reported that US company Terrafugia had created the first prototype flying car which meets the standards of the FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) and the NHTSA (National Highway Traffic Safety Administration).
But with an expected price tag of about £180,000 ($280,000), it looks like car travel in the air will still not be a daily occurrence for many.
Iris recognition technology
While hover cars are still fantasy, the iris scanning of Minority Report is a reality for many air travellers.
In the film, crime has been eliminated with the aid of technology that constantly monitors citizens. Wall-mounted devices scan human eyes to confirm identity.
"Spielberg hired a team of futurologists to predict technologies," says John de Nardo, editor of SF Signal, a speculative fiction blog.
Even though they cannot be used on moving individuals, as in Minority Report, iris detection devices are used at border agencies all over the world, and were in use at Manchester and Birmingham airports until relatively recently.
Facial recognition technology has been developed and has been rolled out in 25 bars in San Francisco. In this case the technology is not being used for national security - but to provide a snapshot of the type of crowd frequenting these establishments.
Personally targeted advertising
The iris recognition technology led to Anderton being bombarded by images targeted specifically at him.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The eyes have it for identity checks
"We are not far away from that," says science fiction writer Robert J Sawyer. Already, internet advertising can be personally tailored to match users' interests.
The parallels between services like Google's DoubleClick and the Minority Report scenario have been made. There has also been much discussion about Facebook ads being based on information users share about themselves.
In 2011, a report by the Centre for Future Studies predicted that advertisements would soon be able to adapt to our moods - a technology known as "gladvertising". And according to Digital Ape, the effect of Intel's new digital signage systems will be video feeds that can tailor ads to the age and gender of shoppers. Intel itself says the system will release "commercial, financial and entertainment information to specific people groups at specific times".
So perhaps the ads that targeted Anderton are not too far away.
Image copyright Rex Features
Predictions of wrongdoing
Predictive policing is a big part of Minority Report, in which three psychics, known as pre-cogs, have the ability to see into the future and therefore help stop criminal activity.
"It's about the notion that criminality is innate in people," says Sawyer.
Obviously no force in the world is going to be putting psychics at the heart of their strategy, but there has been growing interest in the idea of mapping future crime trends and even predicting which individuals could become a problem.
In 2006, Tony Blair said state intervention could become "pre-birth even" as it was possible to predict that children born in some circumstances could later become anti-social.
Memphis Police Department in Tennessee is working with IBM on a system that analyses crime trends to predict where police should be deployed. IBM says this has helped reduce crime by 30%.
And while we cannot reliably predict who will commit crime in the future, neuroscientists are investigating a way to predict mistakes. The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published a study recording neurological patterns which preceded errors.
This could lead to a system that allows us to intercept our mistakes before we make them - so we won't need the police to do it for us.
Advances in artificial intelligence
While the replicants in Ridley Scott's film seem to be synthetic humans rather than true robots, the film still explores the idea of artificial intelligence.
A key device in the movie is that the replicants do not have a normal emotional range, something that can be detected using a "Voight-Kampff" test to measure empathic responses.
There seems an echo of the many tests used now to measure advances in AI.
Sawyer points out that already scientists have developed machines which can be awarded the Loebner Prize, being deemed human-like by a team of experts.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption IBM's Watson computing system triumphed in American gameshow Jeopardy
This is based on a test devised by mathematician Alan Turing to determine whether machines can think and use natural language.
But Prof Colin Allen, director of the cognitive science programme at Indiana University, says technology is "not very close" to a machine which can fully pass the Turing test.
At the moment, the closest is IBM's Watson, which beat human contestants on US gameshow Jeopardy.
Companies have not yet been able to create a machine that can combine human behaviour and language with the mechanics of human movement, Sawyer adds.
Privatisation of space exploration
Blade Runner envisioned a world where the majority of humankind has chosen to live in more pleasurable "off-world colonies" run by private companies. If such an event happens in the future, it might well be the work of the private sector.
The California company SpaceX last month successfully sent an unmanned cargo capsule to the space station. SpaceX intends to put seats and a life-support system in its Dragon vehicle, so it can double up as an astronaut taxi. The firm would then sell rides to Nasa, which currently has no means of its own to launch astronauts.
We are now in an era of "gradual decrease in state funding available for space exploration programmes", says Sawyer.
"The political will is not there right now for that kind of exploration," says Karen Burnham, editor of Locus magazine. She points out that Nasa funding fell below 1% of American federal spending in the 1970s and currently represents a mere 0.5% of the 2012 budget.
Although private companies have begun to take over, Burnham says they are a long way from being able to colonise other planets. The private sector has not yet found a way to make space exploration "profitable" beyond 25,000 miles up.
So it looks doubtful that humans will emigrate to other planets by 2019, even though if Newt Gingrich had won the Republican nomination for the American presidential election, he had discussed building a Moon colony to house 13,000 people by 2020
Robot morality
Image copyright Rex Features
Drawing on the themes in Dick's original story, Blade Runner raised ethical issues surrounding the consequences of creating intelligent life forms in our likeness.
The complication in the film particularly is that the replicants are not robots - they are made of organic materials and bleed, just as humans do. But they lack empathy and were artificially created.
"The question that Blade Runner raises is whether we should award personhood status to machines," says Dr Anne Foerst, associate professor of computer science at St Bonaventure University, New York.
Blade Runner goes "way beyond" the question of artificial intelligence, using the metaphor of technology to explore why society decides certain groups of people are acceptable and others not.
Getting intelligent robots to conform to moral rules is a live area of debate and research, Allen says. At the moment work is under way on developing a control system for military robots "to make sure they abide by the rules of combat", and creating robots for use in the care of elderly people.
On December 28th, 2017, the Oregon Court of Appeals forced two Christian bakers to forego $135,000 to a lesbian couple for whom they declined to bake a wedding cake. The couple claimed to be “mentally raped” (I'm not joking) because a property owner didn't want to serve them. As if this spit in the face to rape survivors everywhere isn't enough, it is a spit in the face to property owners in Oregon as well. Of course the court of social justice warrior judges with no regard for property and freedom would make this decision with such haste. The Supreme Court will probably strike down their decision, but the intolerant Left wanted to make these small business owners hurt.
On December 4th, 2017, the United States Supreme Court heard arguments about whether or not a Christian baker from Colorado should be forced to bake a wedding cake for a homosexual marriage. This issue has been extremely controversial, especially in libertarian circles. But ultimately, there is no argument in favor of compelling a business owner to serve any individual against their will that is consistent with libertarian principles. This article will outline a series of arguments in favor of free association. There are many scopes to consider in answering whether or not one should be forced to Bake The Cake, and since the Supreme Court is now involved, the most important case is the Constitutional Case. This is where we shall begin.
The Constitutional Case
According to the Colorado Appellate courts, the constitutional issue at hand is based on whether or not a business owner has the right to refuse service to individuals on the grounds of religious liberty and whether or not a gay couple has the right to obtain a cake from a baker of their choice. This is a rather simplistic summary of the case, as there are three main issues at hand.
The 1st Amendment reads “Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances.” If the government restricts people from marrying, they are violating the Free Exercise clause. The right for gays to marry is obvious, and need not be restated. But for more information regarding this, one can access information on Obergefell v. Hodges here.
Free Exercise, or free expression, goes both ways though. Free expression allows people to do things that may be considered immoral in the eyes of society. Texas v. Johnson upheld the right of the people to burn the American Flag on the grounds of free expression. The government has no right to regulate one's behavior simply because people consider that behavior distasteful, especially on the grounds of religion. The baker is refusing to serve this couple because he personally does not see gay marriage as legitimate on the grounds of his religious beliefs. It is with this in mind that there is a degree of protection for the baker, but this is not the only reason the SCOTUS should defend his rights.
Much of the oral argumentation put forth by the ACLU, in this case, is maintaining that baking a cake is not art and is, therefore, not protected under the free speech clause of the 1st Amendment. To counter this, one must consider the amount of work that is put into making a cake, especially the cakes at Masterpiece Cakeshop. These are not cakes that one can find at Kroger. They are all specially designed and made-to-order. Any such expression is a form of art.Once the State defines what art and expression are, it assumes the right to define what art and expression is not. If making a cake is not art or expression, when will writing or spoken word or messages on clothing also not count as expression? The ACLU/Colorado Civil RightsCommission is giving the federal government a window to censor any and all activity they find offensive if the SCOTUS buys this argumentation. Even if the SCOTUS does claim baking cakes is not expression, I would be hard-pressed to believe they will claim entrepreneurship is not. An entrepreneur is an individual who uses his or her own capital he has saved or acquired through investment to make his or her ideas a reality. Entrepreneurs can put everything they have at risk in order to produce something better for themselves and their clients. A business is ultimately the private property of the business owners. Which brings us to the next point of contention: to force a business owner to serve anyone against their will is an implicit violation of private property rights, and therefore due process.
The 5th Amendment reads “No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a Grand Jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the Militia, when in actual service in time of War or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.”
The 5th Amendment explicitly grants the right of the people to hold private property. Since a business is property, the owner can exclude whomever he or she pleases with no exceptions. I will expand on this later in the article, but it is extremely important to realize this argument applies in a constitutional sense as well as a libertarian sense.
Moving on, in order to compel someone to provide a service to another individual, the right to property must be violated. No crime has been committed in refusing to serve an individual whereas the business owner has the right to refuse service. So long as a business owner did not previously agree to serve an individual, a contract has not been violated either. Forcing a business owner to serve someone he or she does not want to serve explicitly violates due process and equal protection (which is guaranteed by the 14th Amendment).
With all of this in mind, it is clear that laws requiring business owners serve anyone who desires to be served violates the 13th Amendment, which reads “Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. Congress shall have power to enforce this article by appropriate legislation.” To force someone to serve another individual against their will is clearly involuntary servitude. To allow for this is to claim the government owns the business and even business owners. It is quite clear that there is no constitutional justification for forcing a business owner to serve anyone, even if it's due to the fact that the service is for a gay wedding.
A Word on Public Accommodation Law and the Commerce Clause
One possible objection one may bring forth is the argument pertaining to that of Public Accommodation Law and the Interstate Commerce Clause. The 1964 Civil Rights Act set forth a precedent of public accommodation, outlawing businesses from partaking in discrimination. One can cross-apply my arguments regarding the 1st, 5th, and 13th Amendment to see why these Public Accommodation regulations are unconstitutional as well. Of course Heart of Atlanta Motel v. US did argue that the 1964 Civil Rights Act is constitutional, their argument doesn't hold up to the standards of the Constitution. The activist judges who made this decision ultimately decided that civil rights legislation is not held under the scrutiny of the 13th Amendment. In other words, the justices effectively repealed the 13th Amendment, the amendment that abolished slavery, in the name of equality.
The Interstate Commerce Clause does, in fact, allow the federal government to regulate a great degree of economic activity in the US, but many of the Supreme Court decisions that give the government such immense power are horrific misinterpretations of this clause. But that's not the focus of this article. For the sake of argument, let us assume every prior Supreme Court decision regarding the Commerce Clause is correct. Even then, it does not justify forcing a businessman to sell to someone whom they do not wish to.
The reason for this is that a transaction has not occurred, and since there is no commerce there is nothing the federal government can regulate. If I refuse to sell to someone, there can't be any economic activity whereas no contract has formed. To tell a businessman to bake the cake is to take the Commerce Clause even further. If one believes the government can do that, you believe that not only can they regulate interstate commerce, but also you believe they can force commerce in the first place.
This would open the gates to hell. It would mean that property owners do not have the right to exclude others from their property. It would mean that a Nazi could force a Jew to Bake the Cake for him. Since the 14th Amendment guarantees equal protection, a right for one is a right for all, and rightfully so. But the mistake the government makes is they define things that are not rights as rights. In addition, the federal government now uses the Bill of Rights as a restriction on the people when it was intended to be a restriction on the government. This is why the libertarian case against Bake The Cake is so much stronger than the constitutional case, but the constitutional case is still irrefutable, nonetheless.
The Libertarian Case
I am not a constitutionalist. I see the Constitution as an inherently flawed document that allows for a federal government that is far too centralized. But the Constitution is the law of the land. It is the document the federal government must follow. This is why I included the constitutionalist case in this article. Since the SCOTUS is meant to determine whether or not a law is constitutional, this is the standard they ought to follow. But on a more philosophical ground, Bake the Cake is still an egregious aggression against human dignity.
Liberty is built on the foundation of self-ownership, non-aggression, and private property rights. To violate any of the three is to violate the natural rights of a human being. As a property owner, a businessman has the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason. A business is his property, and no one else's. It is the choice of the business as to whom they serve and whom they do not serve.
Take a more conventional example, does one have the right to free speech? Yes. Does one have the right to break into my house or other units of my property so long as the intent behind this is to direct profanities toward me? Obviously not. As a property owner, I have the right to exclude anyone I please from my private property, for I am the sole owner of said property. No matter why I exclude someone from my property, it is within my rights to do so.
No matter whose feelings get hurt, this is the libertarian answer to the question of Bake the Cake. I do not have a right to your services. Consent is a two-way road. To do business, you must have a willing customer and a willing seller. By adhering to private property rights, this solution becomes incredibly obvious and simple. The Supreme Court isn't asking if America respects religious liberty. Rather, they are asking if America respects the basic right to private property. To deny the right of the baker to deny service is to deny everyone the right to private property.
The Moral Case
If I walked into a bakery and it turned out that the baker hates tall people (I'm 6 ‘ 2″) and demanded that I leave the premises as he refuses to serve the vertically inclined, I would absolutely leave and take my patronage (and therefore, my money) elsewhere. Why would I want to promote the business of people who hate me? There is no moral reason for me to want to do this. Simply put, if why would an African American want to patronize a Klansman? Why would a Jew want to patronize a Neo-Nazi? Why would a homosexual want to patronize a bigot? They wouldn't if they had any sense of decency.
People that are attempting to force association aren't fighting for freedom, they're fighting for tyranny. They hate the people who own property. They hate the individual right to be left alone on their property. They hate Christians. They hate the fact that they have rights. These leftists are so full of hate, that they are blinded by it. They fail to take this idea of forced association to its logical end: they too will be forced to serve straight, white, cis-gendered, Christian, tall, able-bodied, misogynist, right-wing Western men. They will have to associate with everything they hate as well. But of course, they don't care about that, as long as private property is eliminated.
In other words, to side with people attempting to force bakers to make them a cake is to side with people who are actively fighting against private property, to side with people who are actively fighting against liberty, to side with people who are actively fighting against basic human decency. If you believe a baker should be forced to bake a cake for those he or she does not wish to serve, you do not believe in property. You reject the very foundation for freedom. By rejecting private property, you are a communist. There is no defense for forced association. There is no defense for forcing a baker to Bake the Cake.
JUNG YEON-JE via Getty Images Moon Jae-in waves his hands as his bodyguards look on.
After a year-long scandal surrounding South Korea's former president, the country finally swore in their new leader, Moon Jae-in, this week. Moon represents a turning point for the country whose government was embroiled in a high-profile corruption scandal.
And that's all well and good, but there's someone in the new president's camp who is causing a different type of scandal.
His name is Choi Young-jae, according to the Korea Times, but you may know him on Twitter as the new South Korean president's hot bodyguard.
excuse me this is the new korean president's bodyguard pic.twitter.com/aIJVhZjo28 — elena yip (@elena_yip) May 12, 2017
Choi is said to be a part of President Moon's “handsome brigade,” a term coined by Korean media and given to the group of apparently good-looking individuals who have been selected to be the “attractive public face of the new administration,” according to the Korea Times.
Even in the attractive presidential bunch, Choi's smoldering good looks have captured the internet's heart.
Kim Kyung Hoon / Reuters President Moon Jae-in reaches to the crowd as his now-famous bodyguard in the background looks as handsome as ever.
Fangirling over the new Korean president's bodyguard is peak Twitter and I am so here for it https://t.co/GetW7sEJ43 — Erika Heidewald 🗽 (@erikaheidewald) May 13, 2017
south korea's president's bodyguard is really something else 😉 — 🥝 one shook wolf 🥝 (@ImAWhogent) May 13, 2017
Get a man who looks at you the way the new korean president's bodyguard looks at a man moving sort of suspiciously just out of frame https://t.co/LwpdilhrRb — KimKierkegaardashian (@KimKierkegaard) May 13, 2017
Twitter user Elena Yip, who was one of the first people to publicly praise the distractingly handsome bodyguard, even imagined a romantic storyline for Choi that would fit right into passionate Korean drama TV.
The way he's always photographed staring sternly into the crowd makes for the perfect inspiration for fan fiction.
The real K2...new Korea President Bodyguard pic.twitter.com/gzz8b3CNG5 — specialisthh (@nhdbtr) May 12, 2017
@elena_yip he looks like the square-jawed serious romantic lead, who's going to be his plucky heroine who accidentally captures his heart... — Yulin Kuang (@YulinKuang) May 12, 2017
@elena_yip in a misunderstanding where he thinks she's part of a plot to assassinate the president when really she was just bad at catering — Yulin Kuang (@YulinKuang) May 12, 2017
Wow I'm about to stan a bodyguard from Korea. This looks like pictures from the set of a k-drama or movie https://t.co/DxXzdRUEIj — dont. (@snmc_) May 13, 2017
After pictures of Choi went viral this week, South Korean blog AllKpop.com did the internet a favor and unleashed even more photos of the now-famous bodyguard.
No one seemed to mind the additional eye-candy, but, sadly, that's all that Choi can ever be for most people. Korea's Special Warfare Command told the Korea Times that Choi is “‘unfortunately' married and has two daughters.”
Fans of Moon's bodyguard will just have to find other ways to get the man's attention.
@elena_yip Me: "Oh, THIS old thing? Help me up, won't you? The 5:14 is about to pass through..." pic.twitter.com/bJEPJeLmIA — Lily Burana 🗽 (@lilyburana) May 12, 2017
@elena_yip This makes perfect sense. Any potential attackers would be too distracted by his looks. They'd stop dead in their tracks. He is a gift😍😍 pic.twitter.com/9BXdD53CFX — CarolynH. (@CarrieCnh12) May 12, 2017
Korea's new president's bodyguard looks so freaking fine xjwowkduwjw pic.twitter.com/vD4xEsq5wa — S0ma (@HoGyutiful) May 12, 2017
@elena_yip Do not make a sexist comment, do not make a sexist comment...he "looks" very capable. pic.twitter.com/BtNcHFw87f — myusrnamistakn (@myusrnameistakn) May 12, 2017
In addition to protecting one of South Korea's most prized assets, Choi is also doing the world another favor: He's obliterating the stereotype that Asian men are weak and unattractive.
Thank you, President Moon, for introducing one of your finest protectors to the internet. Our collective thirst thanks you.
if anyone says asian men aren't attractive, i will shove this thread in their faces because this is everyone rn pic.twitter.com/FfwWSmoaGP — elena yip (@elena_yip) May 13, 2017
Everybody makes a big deal about the president of S. Korea's hot bodyguard & I'm like uh yeah Korean men are fine 🤷🏾‍♀️ #BTSBBMAs #Taehyung pic.twitter.com/q4N7C5tjs2 — that girl (@rachwhoelse) May 13, 2017
(l. to r.): Matt Rourke / AP; Larry Downing / Reuters (l. to r.): Former Senator John Edwards; Senator Barack Obama
In the racing world it's called drafting  staying right behind the leader until she wears out and then vaulting past her right near the end. In the 2008 race for the Democratic presidential nomination, Hillary Clinton has two racers on her heels, and so far they have been working fairly well together. But as Clinton has begun to show signs of flagging, Barack Obama and John Edwards are now facing a difficult choice: continue to focus their attacks on the front-runner or go after each another to become what might be called the un-Hillary.
That battle to be the viable alternative for anti-Hillary Democrats is gradually emerging as the key campaign drama in the stretch run to the Iowa caucus. It's true that Obama and Edwards have both shown signs of progress of late, attacking Clinton as a polarizing or corrupt agent of the status quo: some 70% of likely Iowa Democratic caucus-goers are either undecided or not supporting Clinton. But most observers say there isn't room for three top-tier candidates, which means the two won't be able to play nice with each other for much longer.
"It is likely that the Democratic contest is going to come down to Hillary and the alternative to Hillary," said Peverill Squire, a political science professor at the University of Missouri. "Who becomes the alternative is the important question. In recent weeks Edwards and Obama have been focused on keeping Clinton from running off with the nomination. They may have succeeded in doing that, but neither of them has managed to become the Democrats' obvious other choice."
Perhaps sensing that, Obama took the first shot last week, telling the Washington Post: "Let me put it this way, if John wants to make the comparison between the work I did as a community organizer  or as a civil rights attorney or as a state senator taking on special interests  to him working as a trial lawyer making millions of dollars, I'm happy to have that discussion."
Edwards, when asked about the comment in a press conference the next day, shot back: "I've heard [Obama] talk about compromise and negotiation and bringing people together. I believe there's a fight in front of us. I don't believe that the defense contractors, the oil companies the pharmaceutical companies, et cetera, are going to give up their power willingly and I don't think we can sit around a table and be nice to them and they're going to relinquish the power that they have today. And that means you've got to have somebody who will fight. And I know that I will fight."
Taking the gloves off, however, is still a sensitive issue. Joe Trippi, Edwards' senior adviser, was quick to point out that Edwards was merely responding to a reporter's question. At the same time, Trippi noted that Edwards' criticisms of Clinton's lobbyist ties and his call for all Democrats to renounce contributions is somewhere Obama is too timid to follow. "This is where Obama will not go; he will not do this," Trippi said.
Edwards, however, may be under more pressure than Obama to go on the offensive. Even though Clinton may be faltering of late, Obama still commands an inordinate amount of media and voter attention, and Edwards' number three status may be starting to cost him backing. Jay Kleaveland signed up to chair Edwards' campaign in Clayton County, but Kleaveland recently withdrew his support, saying he wants to back someone he believes can win. Edwards "doesn't have the same effectiveness, that's the key word," Kleaveland said. "It is like he's reading a legal brief; he doesn't have passion." A few other Edwards county chairs in Iowa, according to Politico.com, may also be defecting from his camp.
Still, both campaigns know that attacking each other this early is a dangerous move, especially since there is evidence that their united front is starting to have some effect. A Marist College poll of New Hampshire Democrats released over the weekend has Clinton ahead of Obama among likely primary voters in the state, 36%-25%, a lead that has narrowed significantly from her 41% to Obama's 20% in October. At the same time, a Boston Globe/University of New Hampshire poll of likely New Hampshire primary voters found Clinton down eight percentage points from 43% in September to 35% in September; Obama gained one percentage point to 21% and Edwards gained three percentage points to 15%. Meanwhile the most recent Zogby poll of likely Iowa caucus-goers found Clinton with 28%, down two percentage points from August, and Obama at 25%, up six percentage points.
"Both candidates are finding their voice now in opposition to the status quo," said Donna Brazile, who ran Al Gore's 2000 campaign and has not endorsed a candidate this cycle. "They are defining Clinton as 'more of the same.' There's still time to catch up with Clinton, but they must do so without trying to cancel each other out. In that race, Clinton scores a knockout."
Note: Videos may contain authoring issues that have been fixed, and are for preview purposes only. Video recording courtesy of Lowlander.
C3 releases for September 11, 2015:
New! I Can't Believe It's Not Guitar Hero C02 13-pack
Aerosmith – “Livin' on the Edge” M (Neversoft and Nunchuck ft. farottone)
Converted from GH5 DLC
(Neversoft and Nunchuck ft. farottone) Corinne Bailey Rae – “Put Your Records On” M (Neversoft and TrojanNemo ft. farottone)
Converted from Band Hero
(Neversoft and TrojanNemo ft. farottone) The Cure – “Fascination Street” M (Neversoft and BearzUnlimited)
Converted from GH:WoR
(Neversoft and BearzUnlimited) Dire Straits – “Sultans of Swing” M (Neversoft and Nunchuck ft. farottone)
Converted from GH5
(Neversoft and Nunchuck ft. farottone) Duffy – “Warwick Avenue” M (Neversoft and farottone)
Converted from Band Hero
(Neversoft and farottone) In Flames – “Take This Life” M** 2x (Neversoft and AddyMilldike)
Converted from GH3
(Neversoft and AddyMilldike) Lenny Kravitz – “Rock and Roll Is Dead” M (Neversoft and farottone)
Converted from GH:Van Halen
(Neversoft and farottone) Marvin Gaye – “I Heard It Through the Grapevine” M (Neversoft and farottone)
Converted from Band Hero
(Neversoft and farottone) Nelly Furtado – “Turn Off the Light” M (Neversoft and farottone)
Converted from Band Hero
(Neversoft and farottone) Queens of the Stone Age – “Mexicola” M (Neversoft and BearzUnlimited)
Converted from GH5 DLC
(Neversoft and BearzUnlimited) Sonic Youth – “Incinerate” M (Neversoft and BearzUnlimited)
Converted from GH5; rhythm guitar version also available
(Neversoft and BearzUnlimited) Them Crooked Vultures – “Scumbag Blues” M (Neversoft and pksage)
Converted from GH:WoR
(Neversoft and pksage) Tony Solis – “Guilty Pleasures” M 2x (Neversoft and DVDSmith)
Converted from GH5 DLC
** This song only has separate stems for Guitar and Bass.
A red X denotes Pro Guitar/Pro Bass charts, a blue M denotes full multitracks, a blue K denotes a “karaoke” multitrack (separated vocals), and a rusty 2x denotes that a 2x Bass Pedal version is also available. FtV denotes a song previously released by a C3 author outside of C3.
It's true. The End of Days is upon us. Gather up your jackets, move it to the exits — it's closing time. But we have one last call for alcohol! Four last calls, in fact. Assuming you drink 120-proof Rock Band songs. And, honestly, who doesn't?
This week, much like our anniversary celebrations, we're highlighting one of C3's cornerstone elements. The Guitar Hero series is a prime source of multitrack audio and note charts, and even after years of GHtoRB3 and C3 releases, there are tons of songs yet to convert. Let's clean them out! These 13 songs bring us that much closer to the full GH library, and many will have you wondering why we didn't do them sooner. From Duffy to Sonic Youth, from R&B to hard rock, there's something for everyone here. As usual, our GH ports include keys and harmonies where applicable and often include chart fixes and adjustments.
Authors' comments for this week's songs:
“Fascination Street” – Bearz writes, “This single from The Cure's acclaimed Disintegration has a cool disco beat and a unique, spacey guitar part, as well as a nice (albeit repetitive) bass line.”
“Mexicola” – Bearz writes, “This hard rock tune from early QotSA has some great guitar and bass riffage, as well as lots of fills and tom usage on drums.”
“Incinerate” – Bearz writes, “This upbeat but mellow song from Sonic Youth's more recent output has some tricky fills and rhythms on drums, and a varied and fun guitar part, complete with a Rhythm version so you can play both Thurston and Lee's parts.”
“Scumbag Blues” – Finally, more TCV! It's a shame that RB3 only got “Dead End Friends” and “New Fang”, neither of which I would consider highlights of the album. In lieu of “Mind Eraser”, “Bandoliers”, or “Gunman”, here's a pretty good replacement from GH6. Lengthy guitar solos, REALLY good and varied basslines, and some decent kick action on drums.
“Guilty Pleasures” – DVDSmith writes, “This awesome track, originally released for GH5 as part of the ‘Neversoft Thanks the Fans' pack, is a blisteringly fun instrumental piece by guitarist Tony Solis, and features the ridiculous drumming skills of Andy Gentile (of An Endless Sporadic fame). Players of Pro Drums will get a serious kick out of this, the chart takes you all over the kit and uses all three cymbals and both bass pedals to the full effect. The guitar and bass parts aren't too shabby either, with a great riff in the first half and some TTFAF-style HOPO-heavy sections in the second half. If you're an Expert player and want a great challenge on all the core 5-lane instruments, this is the song for you.”
Fixes uploaded in the last week to previously released C3 customs:
Radiohead – “Paranoid Android”: New custom venue and small fixes to guitar, bass, and drums
See you next Friday!
New! I Can't Believe It's Not Guitar Hero C02 13-pack
Download 2x Bass Pedal version
Download 2x Bass Pedal version
Advertisements
BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Twin bombings outside a Shi'ite place of worship in eastern Iraq killed at least 17 people as they filed out after Friday prayers, police and hospital sources said.
A parked car laden with explosives blew up near the exit of the mosque in Balad Ruz, and when bystanders gathered to evacuate the wounded, a suicide bomber detonated himself among them.
A further 37 people were wounded in the attack in the eastern province of Diyala. Local military commander Adnan al-Tamimi was among the dead.
Another car bomb exploded in the parking lot of a Shi'ite mosque in the Kanan district of Diyala, wounding several civilians.
Iraqi officials declared victory over Sunni Muslim Islamic State militants in Diyala earlier this year after security forces and Shi'ite paramilitaries retook towns and villages from them in the mixed province, which borders Iran.
But the insurgents remain active despite no longer holding any urban centers.
* Ex UBS chiefs quizzed by UK lawmakers probing banks
* One says bosses negligent for not finding Libor rigging
* Ex CEO Rohner denies his leadership was negligent
By Steve Slater and Katharina Bart
LONDON/ZURICH, Jan 10 (Reuters) - The former chief executive of UBS blamed “mercenaries” for its role in the global interest-rate rigging scandal that has further undermined the Swiss bank's once venerable reputation.
UBS was fined a record $1.5 billion last month for manipulating Libor interest rates, the latest in a string of debacles - including a $2.3 billion rogue-trading loss and a tax avoidance row with the United States - that have rocked Switzerland's largest lender.
“In these pockets where we had these problems it wasn't probably a bad culture, but it was a lack of culture,” Marcel Rohner told a British parliamentary panel investigating banking standards in the wake of the Libor scandal.
“When you grow a business too quickly you hire people from many different places and some of them ... you really have to qualify as mercenaries,” he told the panel on Thursday.
Panel members accused Rohner and three other former UBS executives of gross negligence and incompetence for failing to detect the manipulation, which stretched back to 2005 a n d occurred when each of them had been in charge of the bank's investment business.
“The level of ignorance seems staggering to the point of incredulity,” said Andrew Tyrie, who heads up the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards (PCBS). “Not only were you ignorant of what was going on, but you were out of your depth.”
All four executives said the first they had heard of UBS's involvement in rigging Libor was from press reports in 2011.
Investigations by British, Swiss and U.S. regulators revealed rate manipulation on what the U.S. authorities called an “epic” scale.
UBS brokers and managers conspired with brokers to rig the rates to make money and openly boasted about what they were doing in emails and electronic chat rooms. Five internal audits failed to detect what was going on.
SHOCKED AND ASHAMED
Rohner said he was shocked and ashamed when he read about the rigging, but said during his period as CEO he was trying to save the bank from collapse and was unaware of the misconduct. He denied his leadership had been negligent.
“The times I was leading this institution were so extreme I was fighting permanently for survival,” the Swiss national said in often heart-felt testimony. “I did the best I could.”
Rohner was CEO for 20 turbulent months between 2007 and 2009, when UBS repeatedly had to tap shareholders for cash as it was forced to write down more than $50 billion worth of mortgage-related investments during the global financial crisis.
Thursday's panel session was the first public appearance by the 48-year old since he left the bank. He has not returned to full-time work.
Tyrie thanked Rohner and the other executives for showing contrition but panel member John McFall said they were like Captain Renault, the police captain in the film Casablanca.
“I would suggest you knew that gambling was going on and you went out the door with much more winnings than Captain Renault.”
The British financial watchdog said interest rate rigging was so widespread at UBS that every submission it made over a six-year period from 2005 to 2010 inclusive was suspect.
Libor, the London interbank offered rate, is used as a benchmark for pricing trillions of dollars of loans globally. Even small inaccuracies in the rate affect investment returns and borrowing costs, meaning UBS and other banks implicated in the rigging scandal are at risk of costly civil lawsuits.
TANTAMOUNT TO STEALING
More than a dozen banks are under investigation in the Libor probe and further settlements with regulators are expected this year. Barclays paid a fine of $453 million for its role in the interest rate manipulation last year.
Under persistent questioning, Jerker Johansson, who headed the investment bank for just over a year from 2008, admitted management had been negligent not to detect the misconduct. He said the manipulation was tantamount to stealing.
UBS's new investment banking chief had on Wednesday outlined how the bank was axing 10,000 jobs and closing much of its fixed-income arm to focus on its flagship private banking business.
Rohner said pay structures needed to be linked to group profits and banks needed to be simplified and shrunk to avoid future scandals.
He said the two-tier board structure in place at many European banks, including UBS, did not work well during crises.
“It was dysfunctional. It means the supervisory board has all the responsibility but cannot act operationally ... that made the decision making a complete nightmare.”
The PCBS, a cross-party panel of lawmakers, is expected to make recommendations on reforming the banking sector to government and the industry before the end of March.
The committee cannot compel the banks or the government to act, but its views are influential and Tyrie signaled its recommendations would be far-reaching.
“We've got to do far more than change the structure of banks. We fundamentally have to reform the governance, incentive structure and the overall supervisory approach right across the global financial industry,” he said.
Thomson Reuters, parent company of Reuters, has been calculating and distributing Libor rates for Libor's sponsor, the British Bankers' Association, since 2005.
Sir Hugh Orde, the president of the Association of Chief Police Officers, has lambasted Rupert Murdoch, saying the chairman of News Corporation had shown a complete denial of responsibility for what had gone on in his company.
He contrasted Murdoch's behaviour with the leadership shown by Sir Paul Stephenson, the Metropolitan police commissioner who quit last week over his indirect links with former News of the World editors.
Orde is tipped as a possible replacement for Stephenson, and it is the second time in a few days that he has attacked the irresponsibility of News Corps.
Speaking on the BBC's Andrew Marr programme, Orde said "You saw the chief officer of the police service of this country, Sir Paul Stephenson, saying, 'Look this happened on my watch. I am responsible. I am therefore … It's on my watch. I am resigning.' Compare that to Rupert Murdoch – complete denial of any responsibility of his organisation."
Writing in Jane's Police Review at the weekend, Orde said: "What we have seen over the last few days is police officers standing up, explaining their actions and decisions and being held to account for them. Across the country, in serving our communities, police officers expect to have to do no less.
"It is a stark contrast to the way in which others have sought to meet their responsibilities."
News Corporation can respond that top executives have now stepped down, notably Les Hinton, chief executive of News International at the time of the phone hacking, and his successor, Rebekah Brooks.
The culture select committee is due to meet on Friday – when it releases a report on football governance – to discuss how to handle the apparent conflict of evidence between James Murdoch, News Corps International chief executive, and other former News International executives, including Colin Myler, the former editor of the now-closed News of the World.
Myler said he did show a crucial email – known as the "For Neville" email – to James Murdoch before News International's decision to pay out around £700,000 to Gordon Taylor, chief executive of the Professional Footballers Association in an out-of-court settlement after Taylor threatened to sue the paper.
James Murdoch insisted he did not know about the email, but Myler and Tom Crone, the News Group's former head of legal affairs, have claimed he is mistaken.
Culture select committee members said they hoped to write to Myler and Crone.
They will also be writing to the firm of solicitors Harbottle & Lewis to ask the firm to explain the origins of a carefully crafted letter dated 29 May 2007 claiming that it had not found "reasonable evidence" that senior editors were aware of the actions of Clive Goodman – the royal reporter who went to prison for phone hacking -or that "others were carrying out similar illegal procedures". Harbottle & Lewis reviewed emails from the accounts of Andy Coulson and five other individuals, according to documents published by the culture select committee.
A request for information will also be sent to Lawrence Abramson, a former senior partner at the law firm. The firm of solicitors is not yet clear whether it has legal immunity from News Corps to discuss the exchanges.
Committee members want to ask for evidence from Jon Chapman, News International's former director of legal affairs, about his knowledge of the level of phone hacking. It has been suggested that in 2007 Chapman and Daniel Cloke, then News International's human resources director, reviewed the emails between the six named News of the World members of staff before sending them to Harbottle & Lewis.
It is thought unlikely that the committee will meet in public before September, but this does not prevent compilation of written evidence.
In a separate development, an opinion poll carried out by YouGov for the Sunday Times showed the proportion of people who believed David Cameron was performing "well" had fallen to 39% while his "performing badly" figure at 55% was the worst of his premiership. At the end of May, Cameron was on 48% – 46% showing a net positive of two.
At the same time the proportion who believed Miliband was performing badly had fallen to 50%, down from 60% before the phone-hacking scandal broke. The proportion who believed he was performing well was 35%, up from 25%. So for the first time more people believed Cameron was performing badly than they did Miliband. YouGov surveyed 2749 adults between 21 and 22 July.
News Corp management and standards committee has written to all News International staff ordering them to retain all emails and documents regarded as a relevant to police and parliamentary inquiries into phone hacking.
The email reads: "if you are uncertain whether a document is relevant or falls within the definition of 'document', you should preserve it. Care should be taken to avoid overwriting any electronic file that might be relevant."
[[{"fid":"112649","view_mode":"default","fields":{"format":"default","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_css_class[und]":"_none"},"type":"media","attributes":{"class":"media-element file-default _none"}}]]
Photo by Ben Moffat/The Republic
Shocker. Seems the Trumpster Fire isn't going to deport those millions of "rapists," "gang members," "violent criminals," and "drug dealers" he's always incoherently ranting about. Instead, his first victim is Guadalupe Garcia de Rayos, a 36-year-old Phoenix mother of two teenagers and American citizens who has lived peaceably in Arizona for 22 years. She was brought here from Mexico at 14, got caught working at a water park using a fake social security number during a 2008 raid by famed freedom lover, racial profiler and then-sheriff Joe Arpaio, has since regularly checked in every six months as required with Immigration and Customs officials, did so yesterday after praying at church, but was suddenly detained last night under Trump's deranged new rules. As her crying children and scores of protesters chanted "This Is Wrong" and "Set Her Free!", Garcia de Rayos was locked in a van, driven away, and detained. Today, officials said she had already been deported to Nogales, Mexico. Feel safer yet?
Some less-than-Christian patriots evidently do: The hashtags #FreeLupita and #GuadalupeGarcia are sprinkled with ugly comments about "entitled illegals" and "convicted felons" urging, "Out out get!" and celebrating, "One down, 12 million to go." Mostly, though, the action has been denounced as a cruel, arbitrary and unrealistic "travesty" victimizing the wrong people and ripping apart families who have done nothing but try to make a better life. "Basically we are Americans," says de Rayos' husband, who like his wife arrived as a child and does still not have legal status. "This is our country." Critics include those in public life who cite earlier, erratic efforts at "rock-ribbed border enforcement" - invariably followed by boycotts, protests, mass disruption - that "did not end well." Above all, notes one editorial, with the ascendancy of Trump we have moved from an America that "once understood Garcia de Rayos' sins...(the) complexities of Latin-American immigration" to one that has "grown hard and resentful of outsiders." "Yes, they are getting tough with lowly, working-class immigrants," it says. "Would that they held the nation's chief executive to such exacting standards."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
[[{"fid":"112650","view_mode":"default","fields":{"format":"default","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_css_class[und]":"_none"},"type":"media","attributes":{"class":"media-element file-default _none"}}]]
Photo by David Wallace/The Republic
[[{"fid":"112653","view_mode":"default","fields":{"format":"default","field_file_image_alt_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_title_text[und][0][value]":"","field_file_image_css_class[und]":"_none"},"type":"media","attributes":{"class":"media-element file-default _none"}}]]
Photo by Rob Schumaker/The Republic
Panama verdict: Dreams that shattered
ISLAMABAD: A week after Mian Nawaz Sharif's disqualification, I received an email from an ICIJ colleague in Europe. He congratulated me for the consequential story on the Panama Papers. Then he made a request that put me in an awkward situation.
He wished to interview me that I was hesitant to give. He wanted to credit me for bringing down the prime minister that I was reluctant to take due to the way it was done. He thought the world must know the power of journalism which I believed too. But there are other powers at work in country like Pakistan is what he missed.
I would have happily granted the interview had he approached me soon after the verdict. There was a flood of greetings on social media acknowledging my role throughout the episode. I was privileged to break this fateful story in Pakistan as part of the Panama Papers team. My social media wall was inundated with public outpouring. I was humbled and overwhelmed.
But when I started reading the verdict, the euphoria dissipated. There were high hopes from the court. It had promised a decision to be remembered for decades. Many thought the judges would hand a verdict that no saner mind could question on merit. That the Sharif family would be left with no excuse to portray itself as a victim, was yet another expectation.
However, that much-awaited verdict was not only contrary to expectations, it lacked merit as well. It was thought to be based on reasoning instead of heresay. More so, the bench that handed the verdict comprised judges known for rising above personal biases. However, the reading of the verdict was a rude shock. The decision itself, according to Cyril Almeida, was found in search of reasoning. It though sent the prime minister home, the verdict provided him enough fodder to plead innocence in the court of public.
The case started from the Panama Papers culminated at the Iqama of the UAE. Nawaz Sharif was disqualified for not declaring the salary which he claimed having never received as Chairman of the Capital FZE. The learned judges thought it was receivable, no matter he didn't get it. The benefit of doubt, according to criminal jurisprudence, goes to the accused. That benefit was denied which made it a unique case.
Why the prime minister was sent home on a frivolous matter when a credible case could have been built through the Panama Papers revelation? The Sharif family was already running short of explanations. Why the court was in haste when the bench hearing the case was in control of everything right from its investigation to prosecution? Nobody can dare ask them.
However, the process started becoming questionable after the Whatsapp calls were made to the heads of SECP and SBP for the choice officer. This could have been done through official channel as the court was justified in appointing the investigators it trusted.
The induction of ISI and MI officers in financial investigation and the objectionable conduct of the JIT under control of the agencies raised further suspicions. More so, because the officers conducted DawnLeaks inquiry which dealt a severe blow to the government, were chosen for this task. The decision of giving administrative control of the JIT to ISI raised many eyebrows. Who leaked picture of Hussain Nawaz appearance before investigators was never explained despite promise.
Did the khakis play any role in the ouster of the prime minister? We don't have any evidence to establish the involvement of establishment like the judges didn't have evidence to prove that Nawaz Sharif was receiving salary but nevertheless disqualified.
However, the harassment of journalists voicing concerns about the fairness of trial and conduct of the JIT is indicative of the fact that there is more than what meets the eye. The emergence of sectarian and jihadi organizations in NA-120 election and inconvenience to the PML-N voters at the polling stations have left many questions unanswered.
Holding the high and mighty is a welcome step but the way it is being done has muddled the entire accountability process. Right from the JIT's formation to disqualification of Nawaz Sharif on a petty matter and then hearing the review petition; referral of cases to NAB and the appointment of a referee judge; instruction for reopening the Hudaibiya Papers Mills case to hearing the appeal, all has been done by the three-member bench.
How will this dispensation of justice be remembered in history? Only time will tell. However, if the ongoing debate is any guide, critics have started comparing it with Zulfikar Ali Bhutto's hanging. The decision of the case is credited to other forces instead of the court. This is certainly not a compliment for the judiciary.
So when people congratulate me on my “role in ousting” the sitting prime minister, I refuse to accept such compliments, to the disappointment of my well-wishers. I return the greeting by voicing disappointment on the way it happened. As a journalist, I'm a public surrogate. We are duty-bound to watch public interest, not that of rulers.
Every story has its default beneficiaries and victims. The Panama Papers was a great story, nay, one of the best in my career. It made me dream of the day when the prime minister would face disqualification on merit and on the basis of solid charges. However, undue haste in removing him has shattered this dream. He has emerged as a victim instead of villain due to this questionable process.
Story highlights The briefings could be held any time after Clinton accepts the nomination Thursday night
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid has called for Trump to get "fake briefings"
Washington (CNN) Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton will receive their government intelligence briefing within days, even as each party argues the other's nominee is not worthy of receiving sensitive information, a US intelligence official familiar with the process confirmed to CNN Thursday.
The briefings could be held at any time after Clinton accepts the nomination Thursday night but are mostly likely to begin as soon as next week once arrangements about timing and a secure government location are made.
The Republican and Democratic vice presidential candidates, Mike Pence and Tim Kaine, will also receive briefings.
"Nominees for president and vice president receive these classified briefings by virtue of their status as candidates and do not require separate security clearances before the briefings," the official said.
The official stressed that the briefings would be provided "on an even-handed, non-partisan basis," and that the candidates would be advised of the classified nature of the material, though "operational and policy matters are not addressed."
Read More
*My Thoughts: *This is vintage Dez Bryant in every conceivable way. It's a backshoulder throw from the 5-yard line, and he's facing tight coverage – we've heard it all before. The safety even shades over to help blanket Dez, and it doesn't matter. Maybe you're tired of seeing this catch, because it's arguably his most famous, but it really is that sick. The dude can't even get a full grip on the ball, as it bounces off his left hand. He literally just pins it to his shoulder pads while two NFL defensive backs knock him to the ground. Every time I see the picture of Dez going up for this catch, I think about the boom boxes that were such a big part of the music scene back in the 1980s and 1990s. Dez is hip and Dez has hops – Dez is the youth. He's the most fun thing about watching the Dallas Cowboys play football, and that fact is perfectly illustrated by this, his best touchdown catch.
Ocean plankton suck up twice the carbon we thought they did
Despite the fuss about CO2 emissions, on a global scale no one is quite sure where a lot of it ends up. Those mystery “sinks” draw in a large proportion of CO2. Here's a big sink that just got twice as big.
Science Daily Mar. 17, 2013 — Models of carbon dioxide in the world's oceans need to be revised, according to new work by UC Irvine and other scientists published online Sunday in Nature Geoscience. Trillions of plankton near the surface of warm waters are far more carbon-rich than has long been thought, they found. Global marine temperature fluctuations could mean that tiny Prochlorococcus and other microbes digest double the carbon previously calculated.
The trouble started when someone made an assumption.
In making their findings, the researchers have upended a decades-old core principle of marine science known as the Redfield ratio, named for famed oceanographer Alfred Redfield. He concluded in 1934 that from the top of the world's oceans to their cool, dark depths, both plankton and the materials they excrete contain the same ratio (106:16:1) of carbon, nitrogen and phosphorus.
But as any gardener who has done a soil test knows, amounts of those elements can vary widely. The new study's authors found dramatically different ratios at a variety of marine locations. What matters more than depth, they concluded, is latitude. In particular, the researchers detected far higher levels of carbon in warm, nutrient-starved areas (195:28:1) near the equator than in cold, nutrient-rich polar zones (78:13:1).
“The Redfield concept remains a central tenet in ocean biology and chemistry. However, we clearly show that the nutrient content ratio in plankton is not constant and thus reject this longstanding central theory for ocean science,” said lead author Adam Martiny, associate professor of Earth system science and ecology & evolutionary biology at UC Irvine. “Instead, we show that plankton follow a strong latitudinal pattern.”
A farming plankton next? Will we get carbon credits?
POST NOTE (late addition):
The point here is that there is a $176 billion dollar annual turnover in a market that depends on carbon accounting models which don't even have the basic big numbers right. Then there is an assumption that human emitted CO2 will raise global CO2 levels. What if our small extra emissions are mostly swallowed up by plankton (and other as yet unknown sinks). What if CO2 levels are controlled by temperature, not by your SUV?
This is about the folly of thinking we know what is going on.
———————————————————–
REFERENCES
Adam C. Martiny, Chau T. A. Pham, Francois W. Primeau, Jasper A. Vrugt, J. Keith Moore, Simon A. Levin, Michael W. Lomas. Strong latitudinal patterns in the elemental ratios of marine plankton and organic matter. Nature Geoscience, 2013; DOI: 10.1038/ngeo1757
Image Credit : Wikimedia | Wikipedia: Plankton
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 8.7/10 (54 votes cast)
AUSTIN - A pilot has pleaded guilty to possession with intent to distribute between 50 and 100 kilograms of marijuana, authorities said.
Wayne Brunet, 64, faces up to 20 years in federal prison.
The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District of Texas said state authorities arrested Brunet at the Llano Municipal Airport on March 20 after discovering approximately 206 pounds of hydroponic marijuana on board his aircraft.
Homeland Security Investigations agents were prepared to interdict Brunet as he attempted to land at an unmanned airport in Bulverde, according to court records.
The Department of Homeland Security Customs and Border Protection Air and Marine Operation Center began tracking Brunet's single-engine plane after observing that it had a suspicious flight pattern from Medford, Oregon, to Texas and had landed only once, in Holbrook, Arizona, to refuel, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.
Brunet landed at the unmanned airport in Bulverde, but departed again after spotting authorities on the ground. The U.S. Attorney's Office said Brunet then proceeded to the Lago Vista airport, but again, aborted his landing as he did in Lago Vista airport, but again, aborted his landing as he did in Bulverde when he encountered law enforcement officers.
Brunet then proceeded to the Llano Municipal Airport, where he landed around midnight, the U.S. Attorney's Office said. Brunet attempted to flee on foot after bringing the aircraft to a stop, but was apprehended on the tarmac by the Texas Department of Public Safety Air Unit.
The U.S. Attorney's Office said authorities recovered 15 duffel bags filled with vacuum-sealed packages of marijuana, along with approximately $5,400 in U.S. currency.
Brunet remains in federal custody awaiting sentencing, the U.S. Attorney's Office said. No date has been set.
--------------------------------------------------------
Don't miss a thing. Get email alerts from KSAT12 today.
Get alerted to news events as they happen or sign up for a scheduled news headline email that is delivered right to your inbox. Breaking news, severe weather, daily forecasts, entertainment news, all of the day's important events to keep you up to date wherever you are.
Sign up today. It's Free.
Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved.
Tuesday's network morning shows cheered a statement from former President Obama blasting President Trump's executive action on immigration and praising leftist protesters taking to the streets. Leading off NBC's Today, fill-in co-host Hoda Kotb hailed: “In his first statement since leaving office, former President Obama is expressing support for the ongoing protests against Trump's orders, saying they are exactly what he expects to see when American values are at stake.”
In the report that followed, correspondent Peter Alexander proclaimed: “Meanwhile, on the steps of the Supreme Court, Democrats vowed to stand their ground....And this morning, they've got big back up. Former President Obama, just days removed from office, weighing in, rejecting Trump's ban and ‘The notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.'”
The reporter added: “Overnight, more rallies in the streets....Through an aide, Mr. Obama praised protestors, saying he's ‘heartened' by their engagement.”
At the top of ABC's Good Morning America, co-host George Stephanopoulos announced: “Former President Obama steps forward, releases an unprecedented statement backing those protesting Trump's crackdown.” Turning to correspondent Cecilia Vega minutes later, he gushed: “...we saw that rebuke from former President Obama, who had said in his final press conference that he would speak out when he thought America's core values are at stake....And, Cecilia, so unusual for a former president to speak out this early in his successor's term.”
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
Vega joined in fawning over the move: “It certainly is, George. It's only been 12 days since he's left office, and he is now speaking out in strong terms....Former president Barack Obama stepping out of the post-presidency shadows and into the fray, speaking to those protesters and also taking a jab at his successor and that immigration crackdown.” She proceeded to recite Obama's statement.
On CBS This Morning, co-host Norah O'Donnell promoted: “Opponents of the ban also received a boost from former President Obama.” Correspondent Nancy Cordes declared: “As more protests swept across the country, former President Barack Obama broke his silence. In a statement, his spokesman said, ‘The President fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith or religion.'”
Here are excerpts of the January 31 coverage on the three morning shows:
ITV have today released promotional pictures for the seconde episode of the sixth and final series of Downton Abbey. Starring Hugh Boneville, Elizabeth McGovern, Laura Carmichael, Maggie Smith, Michelle Dockery, Jim Carter, Brendan Coyle and Joanne Froggatt Downton Abbey has become an international hit with viewers around the world, picking up numerous awards and is one of the biggest exports from British Televison in recent years along with BBC shows like Doctor Who, Sherlock and The Great British Bake Off. The second episode of the last series Sunday the 27th of September from 9:00pm to 10:30pm on ITV 1. Below are more promotional pictures:
It is now 1925, when secrets and rifts threaten the unity of the family, while those below stairs are faced with social changes which put all their futures in jeopardy. As planning for their wedding gets underway, Lady Mary's meddling gets Mr Carson into trouble with Mrs Hughes. Cora and Violet lock horns over plans for the hospital takeover. Thomas's job search continues with disappointing results. An idea of Mary's takes Anna to London and offers fresh hope. Edith faces challenges at the magazine but a problem closer to home reaches breaking point. What begins as a happy day out for the family and servants ends in panic and leaves Robert with a difficult decision to make.
With thanks to ITV Media.
Advertisements
SAN FRANCISCO — Comparing climate change to tobacco as a major threat to humanity, San Francisco and Oakland have sued the world's biggest oil companies in an attempt to defend against rising sea levels.
In seeking huge but unspecified sums to pay for sea walls and other shoreline defenses, the cities argue that oil companies concealed for decades that they knew fossil fuel use was dooming the Earth to global warming and rising sea levels.
The oil companies, city officials said Wednesday in announcing the lawsuit, acted much as tobacco companies did in the 1980s and 1990s when they downplayed the heavy health toll from smoking.
“These fossil fuel companies profited handsomely for decades while knowing they were putting the fate of our cities at risk,” San Francisco City Attorney Dennis Herrera said. “Instead of owning up to it, they copied a page from the Big Tobacco playbook. They launched a multimillion-dollar disinformation campaign to deny and discredit what was clear even to their own scientists: Global warming is real, and their product is a huge part of the problem.”
The lawsuits filed in Alameda and San Francisco county superior courts name Chevron, Exxon, Royal Dutch Shell, BP and Conoco Phillips.
Chevron and Shell declined to comment on specifics of the lawsuit but questioned whether the litigation by two cities was helpful in addressing the global problem of climate change.
“Chevron welcomes serious attempts to address the issue of climate change, but these suits do not do that,” the company said in a statement. “Reducing greenhouse gas emissions is a global issue that requires global engagement and action. Should this litigation proceed, it will only serve special interests at the expense of broader policy, regulatory and economic priorities.”
Oakland and San Francisco officials said climate model studies show large parts of their cities, including Oakland International Airport, will be flooded within 100 years in storm surges unless prompt and expensive measures are taken. City officials say sea levels could rise as much as 10 feet over the next century.
The lawsuits ask the courts to hold the oil companies liable for contributing to a public nuisance, and to order the oil firms to contribute to a large abatement fund to cover costs expected to run into the billions of dollars.
“The harm to our cities has commenced and will only get worse,” said Oakland City Attorney Barbara Parker. “The law is clear that the defendants are responsible for the consequences of their reckless and disastrous actions.”
A 2014 report by the National Academy of Sciences identifies the Oakland airport as vulnerable to rising sea levels. City officials also worry that rising sea levels will disrupt sewer discharges and lead to sewage overflows in some low-lying areas.
In San Francisco, officials are looking at spending some $500 million to fortify a three-mile-long seawall along the Embarcadero, and many millions more to protect the city's combined sewer and flood water system from backups.
Rising sea levels threaten $10 billion of public property and $39 billion of private property in San Francisco, according to the lawsuit.
Shell Oil criticized the lawsuit. “We believe climate change is a complex societal challenge that should be addressed through sound government policy and cultural change to drive low-carbon choices for businesses and consumers, not by the courts,” Shell wrote.
But Ken Kimmell, president of the Union of Concerned Scientists, a nonprofit science advocacy group, praised Oakland and San Francisco for taking a “bold and necessary step to protect their communities.”
Kimmell said, “It is appropriate that people are now looking to the courts, instead of legislators, to help hold fossil fuel companies accountable for their contributions to sea level rise and other climate impacts.”
In July, San Mateo and Marin counties in the Bay Area and Imperial Beach in San Diego County filed a similar climate change lawsuit against oil companies, coal and energy companies.
[UPDATE] GameStop sold through its entire allocation of PlayStation VR preorder units "within minutes" of becoming available at 7 AM PT, a representative told GameSpot. Sony has said there will be no more units available for preorder anywhere; you can buy one when they go on sale in October.
The original story is below.
Looking to preorder PlayStation VR headset ahead of launch in October? Good news, as Sony today announced that there will be a "summer wave" of devices available to preorder at GameStop, starting tomorrow, June 30, at 7 AM PT / 10 AM ET.
Supply is "limited," Sony said in a PlayStation Blog post. Additionally, this will be the last time Sony opens preorders. "If you miss out, we will have product available in retail stores nationwide at launch," the company explained.
If you're interested, you'll want to bookmark this GameStop page. It's unclear, however, if the standalone headset ($400) or the Launch Bundle ($500) or both will be available. We'll report back in the morning with more details about supply and availability.
As announced previously, the Launch Bundle (pictured above) comes the virtual reality device itself, as well as a PlayStation Camera, which is required to use the virtual reality headset.
Also in the package are two Move controllers and a PlayStation Worlds game disc. This includes five games: The London Heist, Into the Deep (working title), The Luge, Danger Ball, and Scavenger's Odyssey.
If you miss out on this upcoming preorder wave, your next shot to buy PS VR will be when the device goes on sale starting on October 13. Recently, however, Sony warned that there will likely be shortages.
"We have growing confidence that we'll be supply constrained with this product, but we'll do our very best to meet demand," PlayStation president Andrew House said earlier this month. "Virtual reality is a medium that's in its infancy. With such a nascent, very new form of storytelling, it's difficult to predict what user uptake is going to be."
In other recent news about virtual reality, a movie depicting the story of Jesus Christ is coming to devices such as PS VR, Oculus Rift, and HTC Vive.
Image caption Mr Papademos said the measures would enable Greece to stay in the euro
The Greek PM has warned the nation of a collapse in living standards if MPs fail to pass an unpopular austerity bill demanded in return for a 130bn-euro ($170bn; £110bn) bailout.
In a TV address, Lucas Papademos said Greece was "just a breath away from Ground Zero".
The cabinet has approved the measures but five government ministers resigned.
Unions are holding a 48-hour strike, and thousands of protesters rallied in central Athens against the measures.
Riot police were on standby after clashes on Friday, but the demonstrations were mostly peaceful.
The austerity measures are being demanded by the eurozone and IMF - they must now be passed by the Greek parliament and approved by European finance ministers.
Some MPs from the governing parties are expected to vote against the bill, the BBC's Mark Lowen in Athens reports.
But analysts say the package should still have enough support in parliament, because Pasok, the largest party, and its coalition ally New Democracy account for more than 230 deputies out of a total of 300.
Catastrophe fear
Mr Papademos said the measures would "decide the country's future" and enable it to stay inside the euro.
What went wrong in Greece? What went wrong in Greece? Greece's economic reforms, which led to it abandoning the drachma as its currency in favour of the euro in 2002, made it easier for the country to borrow money. What went wrong in Greece? Greece went on a big, debt-funded spending spree, including paying for high-profile projects such as the 2004 Athens Olympics, which went well over its budget. What went wrong in Greece? The country was hit by the downturn, which meant it had to spend more on benefits and received less in taxes. There were also doubts about the accuracy of its economic statistics. What went wrong in Greece? Greece's economic problems meant lenders started charging higher interest rates to lend it money. Widespread tax evasion also hit the government's coffers. What went wrong in Greece? There have been demonstrations against the government's austerity measures to deal with its debt, such as cuts to public sector pay and pensions, reduced benefits and increased taxes. What went wrong in Greece? Eurozone leaders are worried that if Greece were to default, and even leave the euro, it would cause a major financial crisis that could spread to much bigger economies such as Italy and Spain. What went wrong in Greece? In 2010, the EU, IMF and ECB agreed a bailout worth 110bn euros (£92bn; $145bn) for Greece. Prime Minister George Papandreou quit the following year while negotiating its follow-up. What went wrong in Greece? Lucas Papademos, who succeeded Mr Papandreou, has negotiated a second bailout of 130bn euros, plus a debt writedown of 107bn euros. The price: increased austerity and eurozone monitoring. What went wrong in Greece? In May 2012 elections a majority of voters backed parties opposed to austerity, but no group won an overall majority resulting in political deadlock. Fresh elections have been called in June. BACK {current} of {total} NEXT
"The social cost of this programme is limited in comparison with the economic and social catastrophe that would follow if we didn't adopt it," he said.
Savings would be lost, the government would be unable to pay wages or salaries, and imports of fuel, medicine and machinery would be disrupted, he added.
Earlier, Greek conservative leader Antonis Samaras said all his party's MPs must vote in favour of the bailout law.
Mr Samaras, whose New Democracy party is a member of the governing coalition, said any rebels would face being dropped as parliamentary candidates.
Deputy Foreign Minister Mariliza Xenogiannakopoulou, who quit on Friday afternoon, is the most senior defection so far.
Her Pasok party, the largest in the coalition, also suffered the loss of a deputy labour minister on Thursday.
The austerity cuts include:
15,000 public-sector job cuts
liberalisation of labour laws
lowering the minimum wage by 20% from 751 euros a month to 600 euros
negotiating a debt write-off with banks.
These were presented to a eurozone ministers in Brussels on Thursday evening.
But they want a further 325m euros in savings for this year and also insist that Greek leaders give "strong political assurances" on the implementation of the packages.
Long term planning or short term gain?
In the recent interview on Rangers TV between Ally McCoist and Jim Traynor, the following comments by Ally caught my attention:
“You're never in a position to long-term plan… As soon as I take my eye off the next 3 or 4 weeks, then you're in trouble.”
Contrast this with Craig Mather's comments on being appointed Chief Executive:
“One of the areas that is hugely important to Rangers is getting the balance between bringing players and creating an ethos of youth development. Ally and I have been talking all the way through the summer about how to create the mechanism to get an 8-year-old player through to the team.”
As I understood Ally's comments, long-term planning seemed to be mutually exclusive from the immediate future. It was impossible to focus on both. The conclusion seemed to be that winning from week-to-week was everything and we can't afford to look beyond that.
Yet surely any management team has to deal with both areas. They have to plan for the future and ensure the development of youth team players into first-team footballers. I understand the pressures on a Rangers manager and the need to go out to win every game, but like others, I had hoped things would be different in the Third Division and, while more young players got their chance than in the SPL, with the exception of Lewis Macleod, the “youngsters” were often the first to be dropped.
We were told the team needs experience, youngsters too often choose the wrong option. Yet, was Macleod, at 18 years of age, less controlled and effective than Ian Black? Did Faure or Gasparotto, when eventually played in centre defence, look any less solid than Cribari? Did Barrie McKay run up any more blind alleys than David Templeton? Was Andy Mitchell, a belated introduction at right back, less complete a player than the 25 year old Argyriou? If anything, it was the experienced players that let Rangers down last season, through the ineffectiveness of Sandaza, the stupidity of Black, the defensive frailty of Cribari.
When Rangers won the Championship and introduced more youth players into the side, they won 4 of the remaining 5 matches, a win-rate of 80%. For the previous part of the season, the win-rate had been 67%.
The resultant reward for these promising youth players was the signing of 7 new players and potentially 3 others in Mohsni, Pandza and another goalkeeper . 3 of the 7 have been signed on 2-year contracts, presumably to guarantee Rangers' path to the Premiership.
Yet Rangers won the league by 24 points and are moving into a division that Queen of the South won by 25 points. Yes, signings were necessary, but nearly a complete team?
However, it was ever so. I first started watching Rangers regularly at the start of the 1968-69 season. Having previously signed the likes of Dave Smith, Alex Smith, Andy Penman, Orjan Persson and Alex Ferguson, they splashed out on Colin Stein and Alex MacDonald, but league success never arrived for another six years.
More recently, young players have performed well but struggled to make the breakthrough. Kyle Hutton was deemed sufficiently capable to play successive games against Manchester United, Bursaspor, and later v PSV, but was only trusted enough to start one more game in the remaining 6 months of the 2010-11 League campaign; Darren Cole was considered worthy of a Champions' League start for his debut, but not another game all that season. The League was considered a tougher environment than Europe.
Although they are no longer to Rangers fans liking for other reasons, Jamie Ness and Rhys McCabe both performed well when they were brought into the team. Yet McCabe had spent 11 matches on the bench without a single minute on the park before starting against Hearts. Two matches later, he was controlling the midfield in the 3-2 win against Celtic.
I am a firm supporter of the belief that young talent will benefit more effectively if introduced gradually into a team rather than sitting unused on the bench or being brought on to the park with less than 10 minutes to go. I don't know how good a player Tom Walsh is, for example, but to be introduced into the first team with 2 minutes of a match remaining, then not selected for subsequent games, hardly seems hugely motivational.
Then there's the position of our second string goalkeeper. Scott Gallacher was not a totally naïve young goalkeeper. At 23 years old, and having previously played 36 games for Cowdenbeath and Forfar on loan, he sat, unused, on the bench for 22 matches, not brought on for experience even in games which we won 7-0, 6-2 and 5-1. And once we had won the title, 22 points clear with 5 matches remaining, did we replace Neil Alexander, a player known to be shortly out of contract and almost certainly on his way? No, and now we are said to be looking for an experienced second string, with 4 goalies already on the books.
I admit I favour giving young players – and I don't consider 23 young - a chance, not rashly, but being allowed match time within teams of experience. I follow the adage “if you're good enough, you're old enough”. The inclusion of reasonable playing time in the first team is, to me, part of the development phase, especially while we are in the lower divisions.
I fail to see the need to re-sign the likes of Foster (we already have Mitchell, Cole, Perry, Hegarty, McAusland, Faure, Argyriou, and even Andy Little, all of whom have played right-back) and Smith, players whose reputation seems to have grown among Rangers fans since they left Ibrox – a case of absence makes the heart grow fonder. Are they necessary for the success of this team? I don't think so.
If we are to utilise the facilities at Auchenhowie, if we are to be serious about youth development, we cannot de-motivate players by never allowing them a permanent breakthrough. Is a team of experience such as Bell, Argyriou, Foster, Cribari, Smith, Templeton, Black, Law, Shiels, McCulloch and Daly significantly better than our developing talent Gallacher, Mitchell, Faure, Gasparotto, Hegarty, McKay, Hutton, Macleod, Aird, Little and Clark?
Arnold Black is a lifelong Rangers supporter, Chartered Accountant and athletics historian, who runs the athletics website www.scotstats.com
In the days following the identification of Boston bombing suspects Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, law enforcement and media outlets scrambled to figure out just what -- or who -- had motivated the young men to allegedly plan and carry out the attack.
Last week, a mysterious character known as "Misha" or "Mischa" became the target of much speculation, as family members, such as the brothers' uncle Ruslan Tsarni, accused him of radicalizing the suspects.
In an interview with NBC News, Tsarni said Misha was a Russian of Armenian descent, a convert to Islam and an “exorcist” who specialized in “removing demons from people's bodies.” (The Week even called Misha an "Islamic Svengali.")
Now, it appears Misha has been found, and he lives a relatively quiet life with his parents.
The New York Review of Books' Christian Caryl tracked down Misha -- whose real name is Mikhail Allakhverdov -- in a nondescript neighborhood in Rhode Island.
Allakhverdov is 39, "of medium height and has a thin, reddish-blond beard," according to Caryl. A convert to Islam, Allakhverdov categorically denies any radical beliefs.
“I wasn't his teacher," Allakhverdov said, speaking of the older suspect, Tamerlan. "If I had been his teacher, I would have made sure he never did anything like this."
Allakhverdov also said he has not had any contact with Tamerlan for three years and has been cooperating with the FBI in the investigation.
Indeed, on April 27 officials close to the FBI investigation told the Associated Press they had found nothing to tie Allakhverdov to terrorist organizations or causes.
ARLINGTON, Va.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The following statement is attributed to Gary Shapiro, president and CEO, Consumer Technology Association (CTA), regarding the House Energy and Commerce Committee today approving the Food Drug Administration (FDA) user fee legislation with over-the-counter hearing aid provision:
"We applaud Sens. Chuck Grassley (R-IA), Elizabeth Warren (D-MA), Reps. Marsha Blackburn (R-TN) and Joe Kennedy III (D-MA) for shepherding the over-the-counter provision in the broader FDA user fee legislation. We are pleased that the provisions of the Over the Counter Hearing Aid Act are included in both the House and Senate versions of the FDA user fee legislation. Getting over the counter hearing aids on the same shelf as over-the-counter eyeglasses would be a major win for consumers with mild-to-moderate hearing loss. The high cost of hearing aids, the inconvenience and the cost of doctor appointments means nearly half of online U.S. adults – 98 million Americans – have some degree of hearing loss and don't get the hearing assistance they need. We urge expeditious consideration of these bills on the House and Senate floor.
“While both hearing aids and non-prescription devices can improve hearing, a pair of hearing aids can range in price from $1,000 to $6,000. Non-prescription devices such as PSAPs are one-tenth that cost, ranging from $100 to $600. According to the CTA's Personal Sound Amplification Products: A Study of Consumer Attitudes and Behavior study, price is a significant barrier to seeking help for a hearing deficiency.
“The over-the-counter provision will change lives for the better by directing the FDA to create a new regulatory class of hearing aids that could be sold over the counter. This new regulatory class will address the needs of adults with mild to moderate hearing loss, a population that desperately warrants attention.”
About Consumer Technology Association:
Consumer Technology Association (CTA)TM is the trade association representing the $292 billion U.S. consumer technology industry, which supports more than 15 million U.S. jobs. More than 2,200 companies – 80 percent are small businesses and startups; others are among the world's best known brands – enjoy the benefits of CTA membership including policy advocacy, market research, technical education, industry promotion, standards development and the fostering of business and strategic relationships. CTA also owns and produces CES® – the world's gathering place for all who thrive on the business of consumer technologies. Profits from CES are reinvested into CTA's industry services.
UPCOMING EVENTS
Everyone ready to congratulate the federal government on doing their job? Great!
Earlier this month, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) apprehended – wait for it – 0.0002 percent of the criminal illegal aliens currently loose on the streets of the United States. And they want us to be super excited about it.
At a recent congressional hearing, ICE Director Sarah Saldaña testified there were about 179,000 “undocumented criminals with final orders of removal” loose in the United States. The director added between 30,000 and 40,000 of these criminals had been detained at some point, but were released by authorities because of legal restrictions on how long a criminal illegal alien can be held in custody.
But never fear! According to the agency's website, ICE arrested 39 illegal aliens who'd been convicted on a crime during a large-scale sting operation across West Virginia, Pennsylvania and Delaware between Nov. 30 and Dec. 4. Included among these were 17 individuals arrested in the Philadelphia area, another six caught in Pittsburg, and seven apprehended in Charleston.
According to the brief description listed on ICE's website, the criminal histories of the arrested persons included sex offenses (one against a minor), domestic violence, theft, illegally carrying a firearm and driving under the influence.
In one self-serving pat on the back, the agency then bragged about their “tireless efforts” in managing to catch a whole two out of every 10,000 criminal illegal aliens currently living in the United States who pose a threat to Americans and other members of immigrant communities:
“Due to the tireless efforts of the ICE enforcement officers, more than three dozen convicted criminals were taken off the streets,” said Tom Decker, ERO Philadelphia field office director. “We will continue to ensure our country is not a safe haven for nefarious foreign nationals.”
So if ICE apprehended 39 criminal aliens in 5 days, that clocks in at about 7.8 aliens per day. If the agency continued this torrid pace day after day, it would take them almost 63 years to apprehend all 179,000 of the criminal aliens we have on our streets today.
Thanks, ICE. We can all sleep much more easily now.
Story highlights 2 were U.S. military personnel, and the third was Polish, a source says
ISAF says 3 of its members were killed
13 Afghan civilians are among the wounded
U.S. Embassy sounds "duck-and-cover" alarm as sky fills with smoke
Three members of NATO's International Security Assistance Force were killed in an attack in Kabul on Tuesday, the coalition said.
Two were U.S. military personnel, and the third was Polish, a U.S. defense official said.
The Taliban claimed responsibility for a suicide car bombing targeting a convoy of foreign forces in the Afghan capital, the militant group's spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said.
A large plume of smoke filled the sky over Kabul, and the U.S. Embassy sounded its "duck-and-cover" alarm.
JUST WATCHED Taliban kill 3 ISAF members in Kabul Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Taliban kill 3 ISAF members in Kabul 01:09
Witness Sakhi Ahmad said the explosion took place on Kabul International Airport Road, near the Supreme Court compound.
ISAF and Afghan officials are investigating the blast, the coalition said. It did not identify the names or nationalities of those killed.
At least 13 Afghan civilians were also wounded in the attack, Afghan Interior Ministry spokesman Sediq Sediqqi said. He said 17 civilian vehicles were damaged in the blast.
The explosion in Kabul came a day after a man wearing an Afghan National Army uniform turned his weapon against ISAF members in western Afghanistan on Monday, the coalition said.
"ISAF continues to train, advise and assist the ANSF (Afghan National Security Forces), and does not view these incidents as representative of the positive relationship between our forces," ISAF said.
Most NATO troops are due to withdraw from Afghanistan by the end of this year as the U.S.-led war effort against the Taliban winds down.
The latest violence comes as Afghanistan grapples with the messy fallout from its presidential election this year.
I could rant about availability issues that arise when a distributor buys global rights to a library of content despite only operating in five countries. I'll instead talk about some movies you can (and can't) check out at your local theatres.
First up is an update on Mamoru Hosoda's The Boy & The Beast.
“Beast” is a coming-of-age tale about Kyuta, a lonely Japanese boy living in Shibuya and Kumatetsu, a lonesome beast inhabiting Jutengai, an imaginary world. One day, Kyuta forays into the imaginary world and, as he's looking for his way back, meets Kumatetsu who becomes his guide and friend. That chance encounter leads them to many adventures filled with fantasy and action.
You'll remember that in our last update, The Boy and the Beast was revealed to be in an odd situation. Rather than sharing the same distributor between Canada and the United States, like most anime, Toronto-based Mongrel Media has taken the helm for the Canadian release. Funimation distributed the film in the US, and it had its limited theatrical run in February. Zannen, Canada‘s Jesse Betteridge has since learned that our May 27th release will only be in “select theatres,” in addition to its on-demand availability. Mongrel has yet to confirm whether the film will be released with Funimation's English dub. Given their site, their trailer, and Cineplex's page ignore the existence of an English dub, things aren't looking great for those wanting to see that version on the big screen.
Just an aside before we get onto the next movie, but the trailer above? It got copyright claimed on Youtube. Good job, Google!
The next film's trailer is definitely deserving of its red band label. Viewer discretion is advised? Watching while impaired may be ill-advised. Then again, watching while unimpaired might make you feel impaired. Basically, you've been warned.
BELLADONNA OF SADNESS (KANASHIMI NO BELLADONNA) – Animation, 1973, Cinelicious Pics, 86 min., Japan. One of the great lost masterpieces of Japanese animation, never before officially released in the U.S., BELLADONNA OF SADNESS is a mad, swirling, psychedelic light-show of medieval tarot-card imagery with horned demons, haunted forests and La Belle Dame Sans Merci, equal parts J.R.R. Tolkien and gorgeous, explicit Gustav Klimt-influenced eroticism. The last film in the adult-themed Animerama trilogy produced by the godfather of Japanese anime & manga, Osamu Tezuka and directed by his long time collaborator Eiichi Yamamoto (“ASTRO BOY” and “KIMBA THE WHITE LION”), BELLADONNA unfolds as a series of spectacular still watercolor paintings that bleed and twist together. An innocent young woman, Jeanne (voiced by Aiko Nagayama) is violently raped by the local lord on her wedding night. To take revenge, she makes a pact with the Devil himself (voiced by Tatsuya Nakadai, from Akira Kurosawa's RAN) who appears as an erotic sprite and transforms her into a black-robed vision of madness and desire. Extremely transgressive and not for the easily offended, BELLADONNA is fueled by a mindblowing Japanese psych rock soundtrack by noted avant-garde jazz composer Masahiko Satoh. The film has been newly restored by Cinelicious Pics using the original 35mm camera negative and sound elements – and including over 8 minutes of surreal and explicit footage cut from the negative. On par with Rene Laloux's FANTASTIC PLANET and Ralph Bakshi's WIZARDS as an LSD-stoked 1970s head trip, BELLADONNA marks a major rediscovery for animation fans. If Led Zeppelin had a favorite film, this would be it. In other words, Stairway to Hell. (In Japanese with English subtitles.)
You can't say I didn't warn you.
Belladonna of Sadness is currently only set for release on two Canadian screens:
The Royal Cinema – Toronto, Ontario (May 20-22nd & June 2, 2016)
The Mayfair Theatre – Ottawa, Ontario (May 25th & 26th, 2016)
If you happen to live outside of Southern Ontario and are interested, it might be worth your while to contact your local art house/independent cinema. Cinelicious is keeping track of venues showing the movie here.
I'm sure neither will be hurt by that tiny anime convention taking place in Toronto in the last weekend of May. Fine, Belladonna is probably not appealing to the majority of con goers, but still.
So far this post has showcased two movies you will be able to check out on the big screen, but I've got one you won't. Funimation is set to release the first Project Itoh film, The Empire of Corpses, in select US theatres on April 19th and 20th. Unlike most of Funimation's other theatrical launches, it won't be screened in Canada. The company plans on releasing the second Project Itoh film, Harmony, in the US next month. Funimation hasn't confirmed if that film will also have its theatrical screenings limited to the US, but given the trailer region-blocks Canadian IPs, I wouldn't hold out hope. It's a shame too, since they look like good movies.
If you don't feel like going to a theatre, you can catch the first Pokémon movie on Teletoon on April 23rd at 10AM EST. Maybe someone at Corus gazed into the future … or they just want nostalgia views.
Advertisements
In early 2015 we started an official data visualization team at Uber. The idea behind it: deliver intelligence through crafting visual exploratory data analysis tools for Uber's datasets. Every day, Uber manages billions of GPS locations. Every minute, our platform handles millions of mobile events. Every time we don't use technology to analyze and interpret this information is an opportunity missed to better understand our business.
Since its inception, the data visualization team in Uber Engineering has grown from myself and one engineer to a fully stacked team of 15. The skills of data visualization specialists span from computer graphics to information design, covering creative technology and web platform development as well. Our team focuses on areas from visual analytics to mapping, and framework development to public-facing data visualizations.
Let's see what each of these areas do through some of our work:
Visual Analytics: Making Data Actionable at Uber
Visual analytics mostly consists of abstract data visualizations. This refers to visualization work where the data has no inherent spatial structure. Opposed to this notion is scientific visualization, where visualization depicts data coming from the physical world (maps, 3D physical structures, etc.) Most visual analytics work in this case relates to reporting, dashboarding, and real-time analytics in charts and networks. Our team powers the visualization layers on most business insight applications and business data exploration. Other areas powered by our visualization work include our A/B testing platform and our internal, large-scale machine learning platform.
Our team enforces building reusable components as we create these applications. We recently open sourced react-vis, a React and D3-powered visualization library that provides a JSX-based, domain-specific language to compose charts from visual axes, chart types, and other basic visual elements. It empowers developers to declaratively shape the visualization they'd like to use with their dataset in a React- and JSX-friendly way.
We're working on similar efforts for mapping.
Mapping: Rich Exploratory Data
Map-based information is one of our biggest and richest assets at Uber. The billions of GPS points handled by our platform every day in real-time pose atypical challenges for real-time mapping visualizations and in-browser, data-dense visualizations.
We develop multiple mapping applications tailored to different customers. One type of customer is the general managers and City Ops teams in the 400+ cities where Uber operates. These folks need to have in-the-moment information of the current supply and demand distribution. They might also need access to aggregated data to better understand the city's market for a marketing campaign. Another customer is data science, which needs rich exploratory interfaces for multidimensional data (broken down by product, time, and geo). We build applications for them to slice and dice that information and get insights from our data.
Our tech stack for these applications consists on a few libraries that we developed and open sourced. react-map-gl provides a React-friendly layer on top of MapboxGL, a library from Mapbox that we use extensively at Uber. deck.gl provides an interface for creating WebGL-powered layers that can be put on top of a map or used standalone for creating abstract data visualizations.
But all this technology can be used in creative ways as well. A strong part of data visualization is visual storytelling and data art and illustration.
Public Facing: Data Storytelling
There are many creative ways to tell the story of Uber with data visualization. We can create visual narratives around topics like safety, efficiency, traffic, or Uber's role in the public-transit network.
We recently created a data visualization that explores how uberPOOL can have an impact in making cities' transportation much more efficient. Behind Travis Kalanick in his TED Talk, you'll see the data visualization we crafted to show traffic per street segment with and without uberPOOL, demonstrating POOL's ability to make cities smarter by reducing traffic.
We continue working on other visual narratives. This area of work has an interesting mix of data journalism paired with data art and illustration that creates challenges. Data handling is as challenging as the work we do for our internal visual exploratory data analysis products, but aesthetics plays an important role—the visual stimulation and human digestibility is often a bigger priority than effective information design techniques.
For example, we started collaborating with the design team to get branded videos for animated maps showing every car on trip with Uber for a full day, a day in the life of Uber. The result is a WebGL application that runs server-side rendering for each frame and compiles it into a video. The application takes care of everything from the data gathering process (through Hive) to constructing the video with offline rendering techniques.
A 3D immersive animated map shows a full day of anonymized Uber trips:
San Francisco
Los Angeles
For some of this work we also developed a framework called luma.gl, focused on WebGL-based visualizations. It has been designed with modern technologies in mind: ES6, WebGL 2.0, and a component-based platform. This makes luma.gl interoperable with other popular libraries like stack.gl.
Want to Learn More?
At Uber, data is our biggest asset. We generate insight by using data to create visual exploratory data analysis tools, but data exposition of our business metrics also enables managers in all of our cities to make informed decisions about the business. If you're interested in taking on some these challenges with our team and Uber Engineering, check out our data viz engineering openings and reach out to data-viz@uber.com. We'd love to hear from you.
Like what you're reading? Sign up for our newsletter for updates from the Uber Engineering blog.
Atlas Obscura on Slate is a blog about the world's hidden wonders. Like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
In 1940, as the German army prepared to invade France through the Ardennes, a region of hills, forests, and other rough terrain, army commanders were facing a problem: fatigue. Soldiers simply couldn't fight the Allies and push through the mountains in one day, leaving them vulnerable there at night, when they had to rest.
So army commanders started distributing a solution: Pervitin, a Nazi-made pill version of crystal meth that soldiers were instructed to take once a day, twice at night, and more than needed. The Nazis' strategy worked, writes Norman Ohler in his new book, Blitzed, which details how integral illegal drugs were to the Nazi regime.
“No drugs, no invasion,” Ohler told the Guardian. “That enabled them to stay awake for three days and three nights. Rommel [who then led one of the panzer divisions] and all those tank commanders were high—and without the tanks, they certainly wouldn't have won.”
Soldiers weren't the only ones getting high, according to Ohler. Adolf Hitler, himself, relied on daily injections of oxycodone (then called Eukodal) and cocaine as the war raged on, until, later, the Allies bombed the pharmaceutical plants that manufactured the drugs, cutting off Hitler's supply.
Which led to an epic case of withdrawal.
“Everyone describes the bad health of Hitler in those final days [in the Führerbunker in Berlin] … But there's no clear explanation for it. It has been suggested that he was suffering from Parkinson's disease. To me, though, it's pretty clear that it was partly withdrawal.” Ohler told the Guardian. “Yeah, it must have been pretty awful. He's losing a world war, and he's coming off drugs.”
Which was about the least of what he deserved.
If you liked this, you'll probably enjoy Atlas Obscura's New York Times best-selling book, which collects more than 700 of the world's strangest and most amazing places: Atlas Obscura: An Explorer's Guide to the World's Hidden Wonders.
But they broke out in a big way Tuesday, hitting a Target Field-record six homers in a 9-1 win over the A's. And they were absolutely crushed, as the six blasts had an average projected distance of 421.5 feet, which set a Statcast™ record for a six-homer game going back to 2015.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Entering Tuesday's game against the A's, the Twins hadn't hit for much power this year, ranking third-to-last in the Majors with 20 homers in their first 23 games.
MINNEAPOLIS -- Entering Tuesday's game against the A's, the Twins hadn't hit for much power this year, ranking third-to-last in the Majors with 20 homers in their first 23 games.
But they broke out in a big way Tuesday, hitting a Target Field-record six homers in a 9-1 win over the A's. And they were absolutely crushed, as the six blasts had an average projected distance of 421.5 feet, which set a Statcast™ record for a six-homer game going back to 2015.
View Full Game Coverage
The Twins were the 20th team to hit six long balls since '15, and broke Colorado's record of a 414-foot average on seven shots hit at Coors Field on May 31, 2016.
Brian Dozier had a two-homer game, while Miguel Sano, Jason Castro, Byron Buxton and Joe Mauer also went deep, hitting a combined 2,529 feet of homers -- three off ace Sonny Gray and three against reliever Cesar Valdez. Before hitting four homers at least 420 feet on Tuesday, they had a total of six hit that far all season.
Video: OAK@MIN: Dozier crushes his second homer of the game
"It was one of those nights where everybody was feeling good starting in pregame," Buxton said. "We knew it was going to be a good day. It was pretty incredible. It's something you rarely see now. So just to be a part of a team that hit six home runs is a big accomplishment for us. We'll try to keep it going."
While Dozier had his first multi-homer game of the year and the sixth in his career, it was Sano's two-run blast in the third that turned heads, as it was only the second ball ever hit into the Catch restaurant above the batter's eye in center field. Sano's homer left the bat at 110.6 mph and went a projected 444 feet, per Statcast™, making it Minnesota's longest homer of the year and the fourth-longest of his career. He leads the Majors in average exit velocity, and now ranks third in average homer distance at 425 feet.
"It's fun to hit a ball like that," Sano said. "But it's about the team, too. Dozier hit home runs, and Buxton and Mauer. It was a big game tonight and the game is fun for us right now. We did a great job today."
Video: OAK@MIN: Sano belts ball over the batter's eye
Sano added that he was jammed a little bit on the 94.7-mph fastball, and said he could maybe hit a ball 500 feet if he got all of it.
"There's a very, very small percentage of players who could dream of hitting a ball like that," Twins manager Paul Molitor said. "He seems to have that capability on an almost nightly basis."
Video: OAK@MIN: Castro launches Twins' third home run
The homers from Castro (428 feet), Buxton (441 feet) and Mauer (388 feet) were also encouraging, as they all struggled offensively in April. Buxton, though, has been heating up, and his homer had an exit velocity of 108.6 mph, and was the second-farthest homer hit by the Twins this year, and was the third-longest of his career.
Video: OAK@MIN: Mauer sprays two-run homer to left-center
"I just told myself to get in position to get myself on second base," Buxton said. "He left a changeup I could do something with and I put a good swing on it."
Last week, the House Appropriations Subcommittee marked up the 2016 Veterans Affairs funding bill, and slashed more than $1.4 billion from the president's requested budget for America's Veterans. Today, VA Secretary Bob McDonald appeared before the Senate Appropriations Committee to discuss that budget proposal.
While some may argue this is not a drastic move, every cut and rescission of funds has real-world implications for Veterans across the country. Here are three ways these proposed congressional cuts will adversely affect the quality of care and services provided to Veterans next year if they are not reversed:
Medical Care
The Veterans Health Administration has expanded access to care, completing more than 46 million appointments between May 1, 2014, and Feb. 28, 2015. That's an increase of 2 million more completed appointments than during the same time period in 2013-2014. VA has also begun to turn the corner on wait times – 97 percent of appointments are completed within 30 days, including 12 million same-day appointments.
The 2016 House proposal reduces VA medical care by $690 million. What does this mean? As a result of the overall cut to medical services, an estimated 70,000 fewer Veterans will receive the VA care they need.
New Facilities
Also wrapped up in the cuts to medical care is a reduction of $582 million to address VA's high priority construction projects. This cut will reduce VA's ability to provide additional outpatient services and will impact four major construction projects, including the long sought-after French Camp Community Based Outpatient Clinic in Livermore, California.
National Cemeteries
The National Cemetery Administration is consistently rated top in customer satisfaction for its work in honoring our nation's Veterans and maintaining 3.3 million grave sites across 131 cemeteries. Proposed cuts would eliminate funding for several key cemetery expansion projects, reducing our ability to provide burial honors for as many as 18,000 Veterans and eligible family members each year.
Editor's note: This blog was updated to include a release from the Office of Management and Budget.
The TTC is putting a friendlier face on its subway system next year. As early as July, the dingy collector booths at stations will be emptied and TTC collectors will be allowed to roam free in their new role as “customer service agents,” or CSAs.
When Presto replaces tokens, collectors will become roving customer service agents. ( David Cooper / Toronto Star )
Gone will be the days of passengers attempting to ask directions by shouting through a pane of Plexiglas at a TTC worker. Instead, when customers enter the station they will be greeted at the gates by what the agency describes as “multi-functional, highly skilled, and customer focused” agents. Each CSA will be armed with a tablet computer loaded with tourist information and apps such as Google Translate, ready to attend to riders' needs. When not helping customers, they will be tasked with inspecting stations, light cleaning work, and first-line maintenance. TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said the change represents “a whole new approach to customer service” for the 95-year-old transit agency. “This is all about modernization,” he said. “It's about the customer being at the core of all that we do.”
Article Continued Below
Converting the fare collector job into a free-ranging position has been in the works for years, and will coincide with the adoption of the Presto fare card system. The cards are scheduled to replace all tokens, transfers and passes sometime next year, and will be sold via automatic vending machines, rendering human fare collection obsolete. On Wednesday the public got more details on how the transition will work, when the TTC board approved a stations transformation plan. According to a board report, the plan will “fully transform station service by overhauling both job roles and station design” and create “an empowered workforce to obsess about the details of a transit system that makes Toronto proud.” The transformation will take more than 10 years and cost $51 million, a sum that includes the cost of new passenger assistance intercoms, enough security cameras to cover all areas of the stations, and the construction of “zone hubs,” communication centres that will be placed at seven locations throughout the subway network and allow supervisors to remotely manage station facilities. About $9 million of the program will be covered by federal transit funding announced in August. Once the program is fully implemented, it's expected to save the TTC $5 million a year in labour costs. No workers will be fired, according to Ross, but positions will be eliminated through attrition. Bob Kinnear, the president of Amalgamated Transit Union Local 113, said his organization supports the station plan, but he's concerned that management is moving quickly and has provided few details to employees about their new jobs.
He also raised concerns about safety. Starting in October, the TTC is phasing out the guard position on its subway trains, leaving a single driver to staff each vehicle. Kinnear expressed concern that in the event of an emergency, a CSA “floating” around a subway station may not be able to help evacuate a train. “Well, if we've got a problem on the platform or the lower mezzanine … are they accessible? Do they have the ability to get down there quick enough?” he asked.
Article Continued Below
The TTC has taken the position that the new staffing model will increase safety, because getting employees outside of their booths will make them more available to assist customers. While the new station model will be a change for TTC customers, it will also take some getting used to for employees. Kinnear conceded that some collectors who are used to spending their days inside a glass box “are going to be less comfortable” mingling with customers. Workers who choose not to become CSAs will have a chance of switching to a different job with the transit agency. Although the TTC board approved the plan on Wednesday, some board members balked at the cost to train employees in their new role. The agency has earmarked $2.5 million for five days of “world-class, experiential” training for about 400 agents and 60 supervisors. Said Councillor John Campbell (Ward 4, Etobicoke Centre), who sits on the board: “I think it's an enormous amount of money to be training people in customer service.” Correction – October 3, 2016: This article was edited from a previous version that mistakenly said John Campbell is councillor for Etobicoke Centre,Ward 3.
If you haven't seen Keytar Bear out performing in the streets over the past day or two, there's a reason — the man under the costume has been attacked twice, allegedly by the same person.
Sources have told Vanyaland that Keytar Bear has suffered a broken nose and is out of commission for a few weeks after being sucker-punched by a guy trying to take his photo.
UPDATE: 2:07 p.m. EST: A fund raiser has already been announced, and an Indie GoGo campaign established for those who can't attend the fund raiser. At post-time, the campaign is approaching $1,000 in donations after about an hour.
“He has been attacked twice very recently, evidently by the same person (evidently a white guy), both times,” our sources tells us. “Keytar Bear's nose has been broken (once if not twice) and his keytar has suffered a fatality… He'd like to take matters into his own hands to get back at this guy, who appears to be stalking him at this point… but knows it will look like a black kid beating on a white kid, and we know what the cops will probably think about that.”
Word is the incidents involve the suspect posing for a selfie with the Bear, and then suddenly punching him. The first punch was square on the Bear's mask, while the second was more of an uppercut that landed under the mask's brim and onto Keytar Bear's nose.
UPDATE 1:48 p.m. EST: Boston Magazine has some additional information on the attacks: In a message sent to Boston, during the first altercation the alleged suspect threw a Snapple bottle at the bear, breaking his instrument, before running off and taunting him from afar. The second time, however, it got “personal.” He told us that the suspect involved in the second assault put his arm around Keytar Bear and went to take a selfie, before smashing the man in the costume in the nose and running away. “[I] gushed [through] the mouth of the bear suit and right in front of Faneuil Hall with cameras both facing the incident and the direction he ran off [to],” the message to Boston said.
The most recent attack came either yesterday or the day before, and one of the attacks was in the Faneuil Hall area.
Keytar Bear routinely performs around MBTA stops and subway stations, and has recently begun setting up shop around Harvard Square.
If anyone knows anything, go to the police, or alert the operators of the Love Keytar Bear Facebook page. And while we don't want to accuse the innocent, be on the lookout for any suspicious Keytar Bear photos on Twitter and Instagram.
Fucking hell, Boston.
Dunkirk sets sail on 4K, Blu-ray, and DVD in December
Warner Bros. Home Entertainment has announced that director Christopher Nolan's latest film, Dunkirk, will officially arrive on 4K Ultra HD, Blu-ray, and DVD on December 19, with an early Digital release on December 12.
Said director Christopher Nolan, “I'm excited to be releasing ‘Dunkirk' on 4K UHD with HDR. The film was shot entirely on the highest definition IMAX and 65mm film and this fantastic new format, with its increased resolution and superior colour reproduction is able to maximize Dunkirk's impact in the home.”
The film's ensemble cast includes Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard, James D'Arcy and Barry Keoghan, with Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and Tom Hardy.
Dunkirk was produced by Emma Thomas and Christopher Nolan, with Jake Myers serving as executive producer. The behind-the-scenes creative team included director of photography Hoyte van Hoytema, production designer Nathan Crowley, editor Lee Smith, costume designer Jeffrey Kurland, visual effects supervisor Andrew Jackson and special effects supervisor Scott Fisher. The music was composed by Hans Zimmer.
Dunkirk 4K Ultra HD Combo Pack, Blu-ray Combo Pack, and Standard Definition DVD contain the following special features:
· Creation: Revisiting the Miracle
· Creation: Dunkerque
· Creation: Expanding the Frame
· Creation: The In-Camera Approach
· Land: Rebuilding the Mole
· Land: The Army On the Beach
· Land: Uniform Approach
· Air: Taking to the Air
· Air: Inside the Cockpit
· Sea: Assembling the Naval Fleet
· Sea: Launching the Moonstone
· Sea: Taking to the Sea
· Sea: Sinking the Ships
· Sea: The Little Ships
· Conclusion: Turning Up the Tension
· Conclusion: The Dunkirk Spirit
GNU libmicrohttpd 0.9.55 released
From: Evgeny Grin Subject: GNU libmicrohttpd 0.9.55 released Date: Mon, 29 May 2017 00:25:11 +0300 User-agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 10.0; WOW64; rv:45.0) Gecko/20100101 Thunderbird/45.8.0
Dear all, I'm glad to announce the release of GNU libmicrohttpd 0.9.55. GNU libmicrohttpd is a small C library that is supposed to make it easy to run an HTTP server as part of another application. GNU libmicrohttpd is fully HTTP 1.1 compliant and supports IPv6. Finally, GNU libmicrohttpd is fast, portable and has a simple API and (without TLS support and other optional features) a small binary size (~32k). This is bugfix release. Most noticeable changes since version 0.9.53: * Fixed minor issues uncovered by a security audit sponsored by the Secure Open Source Fund, a Mozilla initiative to support key pieces of open source software with security audits. For more information see https://wiki.mozilla.org/MOSS/Secure_Open_Source/Completed#GNU_libmicrohttpd SOS is part of Mozilla Open Source Support (MOSS) - read more at https://mozilla.org/moss * Fixed build on GNU/Linux without epoll support * Improved backward compatibility with applications which use specific combination of flags * Fixed wrong text in HTTP reason strings for HTTP result codes 303-308 * Added new option MHD_OPTION_STRICT_FOR_CLIENT * Added connection info type MHD_CONNECTION_INFO_REQUEST_HEADER_SIZE Most noticeable changes since unannounced version 0.9.54: * Fixed adding unwanted "Transfer-Encoding: chunked" and "Transfer-Encoding: chunked" to response headers when "upgrade" is used. * Fixed null dereference with upgrade response when error sent to client instead of response * Fixed case-sensitive match in MHD_get_response_header(), now used case-insensitive match * Fixed detection of "Connection: " tokens when several tokens are used within single header line * Fixed closing of "upgraded" connection in poll() mode with thread-per-connection * Fixes leak of response when "upgrade" failed * Fixed build of examples when building with disabled "upgrade" * Fixed possible null dereference in HTTPS test * Fixed returned pointer for MHD_CONNECTION_INFO_CONNECTION_SUSPENDED * Fixed cleanup of suspended connection * Other minor fixes * Removed some dead code * Improved connection processing after resuming in epoll mode. * Optimized detection of "Keep-Alive/Closed" * Other minor optimizations You can download GNU libmicrohttpd from * ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/libmicrohttpd/ and all GNU FTP mirrors. * Our git repository at https://gnunet.org/git/libmicrohttpd.git Please report bugs to our bugtracker at https://gnunet.org/bugs/. The documentation (including a reference manual and tutorial) can be found at http://www.gnu.org/software/libmicrohttpd/. -- Wishes, Evgeny
0xEAC2BAF4.asc
Description: application/pgp-keys
signature.asc
Description: OpenPGP digital signature
reply via email to
[Prev in Thread] Current Thread [Next in Thread]
There are only seven houses – as opposed to apartments – in the CBD and one of the largest, at 680 square metres with a rooftop patio, is for sale.
"The Bunker", tucked behind the corner of Bourke and Queen streets in Kirks Lane, is owned by the colourful former cold-war veteran and Nauru-based businessman Desmond Oppenheimer.
Tucked away: Desmond Oppenheimer has put his city house, 6 Kirks Lane, on the market for $3 million. Credit:Peter Cox
The three levels of the converted warehouse have been carved up internally to make five bedrooms, two kitchens, an internal garden attrium, bar and lounge with a wall-size television projector.
Visitors are greeted on leaving the rattling wood cage of the old goods-style elevator on the first level by a full-size, vizored, knight's suit of shining armour.
The theory: In 1997, Bryan Hance, a student at the University of Arizona, began to investigate cryptic ads that run every year on 1 May in the student newspaper, The Daily Wildcat. After a bit of research, he found out the ads go back as far as 1981, potentially further. It's still going on today, and you can see the 2016 May Day ad here. The theory is that the ads are communication between a group of intellectuals, and Hance believes the ads contain meeting dates, past and future, for a secret society that is planning for an economic and political revolution. Hance tracked the ads for the last 10 years to a lawyer, Robert Hungerford, who claims to have no involvement with the creation of the ads, but says he is just asked to send them to publish.
Any proof? Most ads feature incredibly obscure historical references, symbology, and mathematical calculations, so it's likely they aren't just nonsensical ramblings but are the result of a deliberate, careful effort. Hance and a friend working with him were contacted in 1999 by a member of a group called The Orphanage, saying that the adverts are part of a larger cause, and the group have supposedly sent him clues and donations over the years. A letter to Hance from The Orphanage ends with the sentence, "The day you can see the door, you will be welcomed inside."
Today is the day that my University of Colorado Buffaloes head down to Mile High to take on the Rams of Colorado State in the Rocky Mountain Showdown. I'm sure several dozen CSU fans will be breaking out their green and gold overalls and doing some tailgating, although I'm not sure how that's going to work since I've never seen a tailgate on a tractor. Whatever.
Anyway, most years the week leading up to this game is full of sports radio chatter about the big “rivalry.” Which has always struck me as a bit silly, frankly. I know a lot of marketing departments would like for us to think it's a rivalry, but it really isn't. Never has been. CU is a tier 1, BCS conference school (even when we suck, like we do this year) and the Rams are members of the second-tier Mountain West. No offense, but just because you've played a lot of times and are located fairly close to each other, that doesn't make it a rivalry. CSU's real rival is Wyoming (The Border War) and Colorado honestly doesn't have a true rival. For years the big game was Nebraska, but we were never their big game. Now that they've departed for the Big 10 and we're in the PAC-12 I imagine the marketers are hard at work on our new Big Game®, which will presumably involve the other new member of the PAC, Utah. (Oh, wait – it's already happening.)
The point is that for a lot of us purists, the word “rivalry” has a specific meaning, and that meaning explicitly excludes any game where we need to be told that it's a rivalry. However, in the interests of helping sports fans everywhere speak more concisely, I've pulled together a little guide on all the different kinds of “rivalries,” and I have included what I hope will be useful illustrations. (Note – some rivalries fit into more than one category, as I think will be clear.) So here we go.
THE Rivalry. Rivalry with a capital R. The pure rivalry. The blood matches. The end of the world for the loser. This is when the game is the game for both teams. It's the biggest game on the schedule every year, no matter whether both teams are in the hunt for the title or both teams suck or one sucks and the other one is on top and you can throw out the records, etc. You'd rather win this game and lose all the others than win all the others and lose this one. Examples: Army/Navy. Ohio State/Michigan. Oregon/Oregon State (The Civil War). UCLA/USC. Stanford/Cal. Texas/Oklahoma. Harvard/Yale. Indiana/Purdue. West Virginia/Pitt. Clemson/South Carolina. Ledford/East Davidson (the Eagles can go to hell – Go Panthers!) And so on.
The One-Legged Rivalry. This is when it's the big game for one team but the other team doesn't really care. Or they care a little bit, but not as much as the other team. Usually it's a case where one team is a big dog and the other one is a relatively poorer sister. The aforementioned Colorado/Nebraska game is a great case. Former Buff coach Bill McCartney decided that CU needed a big game and that the Huskers were going to be it, so he decreed that Nebraska was our rival. Everything was aimed toward that game and the intensity did, in fact, ramp up once CU beat NU a time or two. Mainly it was one-sided, though. Nebraska was far more concerned about their huge game with Oklahoma. (Of course, as the importance of the Red River Rivalry grew, Nebraska became less important to OU, making them participants in two One-Leggers.)
The King of the Hill Rivalry. Growing up on Tobacco Road I knew all about this one. Everybody else hated Carolina. So UNC was the big game for the other members of the Big 4 (State, Duke and Wake Forest), and it was also a pretty big deal for UVa. The Heels really didn't care about Wake, though (where I went), so we were always sky-high for any game where there was Carolina Blue on the other bench. This was actually a nice advantage – when one team has rivalry emotion and the other is struggling to stay awake, the weak sister can have an edge. Once upon a time The UNC/State game was an alpha rivalry, but over time that has shifted and now UNC/Duke functions pretty much as a Pure Rivalry.
The Derby. Pronounced “darby,” and also known as the Proximity Rivalry or the In-State Rivalry. Derby is the English term for a game involving close neighbors, like Chelsea/Fulham (who sit a couple miles apart in West London). Sometimes these are the games and other times they're sort of big games but not really (trust me, Chelsea and Arsenal care a lot more about Man U than they do Fulham and Spurs). Colorado/Colorado State is a good example. So is Michigan/Michigan State (which is also a one-legger).
The Really Big Game. We might also call this one the Gray Area Rivalry, since supporters of the sides involved may disagree. There are games out there that many assume are the game, but that perhaps really aren't. For instance, Alabama/Auburn is huge, but when you talk to die-hard Bammers they'll tell you that no, the game is Tennessee. The same goes for Southern Cal/Notre Dame, which is regarded by many as the big game for both (and it probably is for ND). But many Trojan fans see UCLA as the most important game (UCLA certainly does). There aren't a lot of examples of this one that I can think of (I imagine that when you start looking at that cocktail of SEC East games there are some in there, like maybe South Carolina/Georgia and Georgia/Florida). Also, as a result of two teams getting really good and fighting it out for the title over a period of a few years you'll sometimes hear people using the R word. This happens in the pros a lot (Indy/New England and Pittsburgh/Baltimore aren't rivalries at all if the teams aren't good for an extended period).
The Trophy Game. All across the country there are traditional match-ups where two schools play annually for a trophy. We don't normally think of, say, Michigan State and Penn State as being a huge deal, but the winner gets the Land Grant Trophy. Iowa State and Missouri play for the Telephone Trophy. And, as if Michigan isn't busy enough with OSU and Sparty, the Little Brown Jug is on the line when they play Minnesota. Lots more of these here.
The We-Don't-Know-a-Real-Rivalry-Is. I recall a few years back being told what a huge rivalry the Duke/Maryland game had become in hoops. Bitch, please.
There may be more, but you get the idea. So please, use the R word judiciously, and let me know if there's a category I have missed.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to head over to the store and pick up some lamb chops….
KEARNS — A Taylorsville man was arrested Monday for allegedly throwing a knife into a man's back.
Yet when officers took Joey Martinez, 34, to the Salt Lake County Jail, jail administrators refused to accept him for undisclosed medical reasons and he was released from custody.
Police originally said Monday that Martinez had stabbed a 36-year-old man near the playground of West Kearns Elementary, 4900 S. 4620 West. But Tuesday, Unified police detective Ken Hansen clarified that Martinez used a double-edged bayonet type of weapon that he threw into the man's back.
Police say Martinez and his girlfriend were arguing and the other man tried to intervene.
The stabbing victim, Michael Smith, was taken to a local hospital in serious condition. Hansen said he has not been cooperating with investigators. Martinez was arrested when he later returned to his house where police were waiting. Hansen said he resisted arrest and officers had to forcefully remove him from his vehicle.
Martinez was taken to a local hospital to be treated for a hand injury. Hansen said the injury was from a prior incident and was not caused during the arrest.
After doctors at the hospital treated Martinez and released him, officers attempted to have Martinez booked into the Salt Lake County Jail at 1 a.m. Tuesday. But the jail refused to take him.
At one point, Hansen said jail administrators called the hospital Martinez had just come from to discuss the extent of his injuries and whether he would need surgery in the future.
Related
Man stabbed after argument on school playground Police searching for a man who they believe stabbed another man on the playground of West Kearns Elementary School Monday morning.
Salt Lake County Sheriff's Sgt. Cammie Skogg said the jail can refuse people for a number of reasons, including injuries that the jail might not be equipped to properly treat. Skogg said she could not comment specifically on Martinez's case or the extent of his injuries.
Martinez is listed on the Utah State Sex Offender Registry. He was convicted in Grand Junction, Colorado, in 2012 for sexual assault on a child he was in a position of trust over, according to the registry.
In 2009, Martinez was convicted in 3rd District Court of aggravated assault and unlawful acquisition of a bank card. He was originally placed on probation, but he violated that and was sentenced to the Utah State Prison for up to five years.
Recently, he was charged in February in Salt Lake County Justice Court with possession of drug paraphernalia; in April he was charged with assault in a domestic violence-related case, according to court records. A warrant was issued for his arrest on April 28. On April 7, Martinez was charged with criminal mischief in Taylorsville Justice Court in a separate domestic violence case, according to court records.
×
Related Stories
Floods, bushfires and this year's scorching summer heatwave have raised awareness of the dangers of climate change, but an "infantile" debate over the validity of the science has cost Australia precious time, according to a key Climate Commission expert.
The commission, an independent body that advises the government on climate science, has updated its 2011 The Critical Decade study to analyse the latest findings on climate change and Australia's response to it.
The report is likely to be the Climate Commission's last major contribution if, as expected, the Coalition wins power at the 14 September election. Opposition leader Tony Abbott has signalled that he will scrap the commission , along with the carbon price, if he becomes prime minister.
The commission's updated analysis states that evidence of a "rapidly changing climate has continued to strengthen over the last two years", including, importantly, the link between climate change and extreme weather events.
"It is clear that the climate system has already shifted, changing conditions for all weather," says the study. "While extreme weather events have always occurred naturally, the global climate system is hotter and wetter than it was 50 years ago. This has loaded the dice toward more frequent and forceful extreme weather events."
In Australia, this has manifested itself in an increase in the duration and frequency of heatwaves, such as this year's .
The country is now also more prone to "extreme fire weather", especially in the densely populated south east, changing rainfall patterns and increased coastal flooding from sea level rises.
The report warns that this climate shift "poses substantial risks for health, property, infrastructure, agriculture and natural ecosystems", with Australia largely "ill-prepared to cope" with frequent extreme weather events.
However, the report states that the last two years has seen an increased understanding of the challenges posed by climate change and also the action, such as leaving the majority of buried Australian coal resources untouched, required to help the world stay below the internationally agreed temperature increase limit of two degrees above pre-industrial levels.
"Extreme weather events tend to focus the mind and change the narrative around climate change," Professor Will Steffen, of the commission, told Guardian Australia.
"The IPCC report that linked extreme weather events to climate change in 2012 was a breakthrough as previously scientists were loathed to link the two. I've certainly noted that when I go up to Queensland, people are fed up cleaning a once in a 100-year flood and then doing it again next year. People are starting to ask what's going on."
Steffen said that Australia had made progress in its bid to reduce emissions but that vital time has been wasted in the questioning of the validity of climate science.
"I'd love for us to be at the point where Nordic countries are, where the science is accepted in a bipartisan way and the debate is around how to get emissions down," he said.
"I think we've lost valuable time with an infantile debate over the science, which has delayed the inevitable work of getting to the solution. There have been attempts to undermine the science. The science has been attacked and scrutinised and it's stood up."
"Australia is moving to the middle of the pack internationally in terms of what countries are doing on climate change. That's partly due to the carbon price, but also the renewable energy target, energy efficiency and the price of solar PV dropping so people are putting it up solar panels."
"But global emissions are still going up. There are positive signs in Australia but we make it clear in the report that we all need to do more and need to do it quickly."
The Climate Commission report states the best estimate for average annual land warming across Australia to be one degree by 2030, compared to the 1980 to 1999 average. However, with around 90% of the planet's extra heart soaked up by the oceans, rising sea levels and the impact on ecosystems such as the Great Barrier Reef will also prove significant.
This article is over 2 years old
Hunt continues near Montpellier for armed man who killed woman, as investigators say attack was not linked to terrorism
French police are searching for a masked armed man who burst into a retirement home for missionaries near Montpellier in southern France on Thursday night and killed one woman before fleeing.
The residents of the home in Montferrier-sur-Lez in the Hérault were safe but the police search is ongoing.
Montpellier prosecutor Christophe Barret said on Friday that the attack was not linked to Islamic terrorism.
Barret added that police had identified the suspect and were also carrying out searches on a suspicious car found near the scene of the crime, which contained a replica firearm.
Barret told reporters that a woman who works at the retirement home called police on Thursday night to say she had been attacked. When the officers arrived, they found the body of another woman, gagged and tied up outside the building with three stab wounds, the gendarme spokesman said.
It is thought the woman was a resident of the three-storey retirement home.
The worker who alerted police did not suffer serious injuries but was deeply rattled, and no one else at the residence was harmed, the prosecutor said in televised remarks carried on the website of Midi Libre newspaper.
Residents of the home “are very elderly, with an average age of 75, although some are more than 90”, said Alain Berthet, a local councillor in Montferrier-sur-Luz. Many of the residents require assistance to walk, he said.
The secretary general of the French Bishops' Conference, Olivier Ribadeau Dumas, said in a Twitter message: “Our prayers tonight go to the woman who lost her life in this attack on a retirement home.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Officers stand guard along a security area near a retirement home for Catholic missionaries in Montferrier-sur-Lez. Photograph: Alexandre Dinou/EPA
There were about 60 residents, who included nuns and former missionaries as well as monks.
The Paris anti-terrorist investigations unit is not running the investigation at this point. Local police referred to a “criminal act”.
Around two hours after the attacker burst into the home, more than a dozen police and emergency vehicles lined the roads near the home, while police set up roadblocks to check vehicles passing through the area.
A large security perimeter, stretching for several hundred metres, had been set up and officers from elite armed unit RAID were on the scene.
Take cancer: there really isn't a single disease by that name, as far as we can see. There are hundreds (perhaps thousands) of diseases where cells divide uncontrollably and refuse to die off they way that they should. We've given then all the name "cancer", but that's a bit like coming up with a disease called "fever". The biochemical pathways involved can be quite different from case to case, and it's those pathways that our drugs have to deal with. So far, it looks as if we can achieve spectacular successes in narrow fields, where the tumor cells happen to depend on specific factors that we can shut down. But most cancers have multiple weapons firing, and most cancers are (so far) too tough for us. The odds of one drug being able to do the trick are vanishingly long.
The same goes for obesity. Human feeding behavior is complex, and boy, is it well backed up. There are multiple redundant feeding pathways with exta backup redundancy backups, because every species whose members could lose their appetites easily is now dead. Finding a single drug that could thoroughly alter food intake - well, one that does it without making people violently ill, that is - is nontrivial at best, and completely impossible at worst. Considering the number of promising anti-obesity drugs that have crashed terribly, the second possibility is a pretty good bet.
Alzheimer's, though, is perhaps a better one. There may well be a single pathway for the disease, although we're not quite sure what that is. I used to work in this field in the early 1990s, and if you'd told me that we'd still be arguing about the cause of Alzheimer's in 2009, I'm not sure what I would have done. (It would have been reckless.) But if we do figure it out, and it turns out to be something a drug can alter, and we manage to do that - well, that would indeed be a big one. But it's not happening any time soon, unfortunately.
It's a frustrating business, being able to see all these opportunities but not being able to do much about them. The hope has been that research will find a way out, that we'll come up with some great new insights into these conditions which will lead us to therapies that we can't even picture now. Speed the day. It may happen. But it may not, and it may take a long time, no matter what.
Audience members surround the Saab Performance Team as they leave after the Saab Pilot Wanted to show May 26, 2007 in Shanghai, China. The show is part of events held to mark the 60th anniversary of Swedish automaker Saab.
The Saab Performance Team, formed in 1987 to commemorate Saab's 40th anniversary, is a five-men squad that travels around the world performing displays of extreme driving.
After success with Saab, this team has performed for the company BAIC with similar show-program. After that, the team rallied around the project DynaTech. Part of this project is The DynaTech Performance Team.
The DynaTech Performance Team, which is led by 6-times Swedish rally champion and former leader of the Saab Performance Team – Kenneth Bäcklund, is recognized for delivering the most spectacular performance shows across the world. From Sweden and across Europe to China and other Asian countries, this team showcase what a vehicle is really capable of and provide a unique viewing experience to different kinds of audiences.
WASHINGTON — Attorney General Jeff Sessions offered to resign in recent weeks as he told President Trump he needed the freedom to do his job, according to two people who were briefed on the discussion.
The president turned down the offer, but on Tuesday, the White House declined to say whether Mr. Trump still had confidence in his attorney general.
“I have not had that discussion with him,” Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, told reporters, responding to questions about whether the president had soured on Mr. Sessions.
Mr. Spicer's remarks came after The New York Times reported that Mr. Trump had vented intermittently about Mr. Sessions since the attorney general recused himself from any Russia-related investigations conducted by the Justice Department. Mr. Trump has fumed to allies and advisers ever since, suggesting that Mr. Sessions's decision was needless.
Megaupload Filings Show Massive Flaws In US Case, Ask Court To Dismiss
from the and-off-we-go dept
The Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure prescribe specific requirements for serving a summons on a corporate defendant in a criminal case. These requirements are neither vague nor optional – they quite explicitly require both service upon an agent of the corporation and a mailing to the corporation's last known address within the United States. The Federal Rules do not contemplate service of a criminal summons on a wholly foreign corporation without an agent or offices in the United States. Wholly foreign corporations, therefore, may not be prosecuted for alleged violations of federal criminal law unless they waive service. In short, a corporation such as Megaupload cannot be brought within the jurisdiction of this Court for criminal proceedings absent its consent.
Federal crimes are delimited by statute. It is for Congress, not for the courts, to say (and to warn) what constitutes a crime. Dowling, 473 U.S. at 213-14 (quoting United States v. Wilberger, 5 Wheat. 76 (1820) (“It is the legislature, not the Court, which is to define a crime, and ordain its punishment”)). Courts interpreting penal statutes will exercise restraint and adopt a narrow statutory interpretation unless Congress has definitely indicated that it intended a harsher reading. Id. Because “[t]he Copyright Act does not expressly render anyone liable for infringement committed by another,” Sony Corp. of Am. v. Universal Studios, 464 U.S. 417, 434 (1984), reh'g denied, 456 U.S. 1112 (1984), the Act cannot be read to make secondary infringement a crime.
These omissions are not small, they are not subtle, they are not few, and they are not inconsequential. The Government has attempted to make out an all-encompassing case of an alleged criminal copyright conspiracy without bothering to allege concrete specifics of the actual infringement allegedly committed. It has attempted to build one of “the largest criminal copyright cases ever brought by the United States” out of conclusory ipse dixit, reciting statutory verbiage and nothing more. Certainly Counts Four through Eight do not reflect facts supplying requisite probable cause.
The Government seeks forfeiture of all Defendants' revenue because it has assumed all of the revenue is tainted by crime. But there is no probable cause to support that assumption, which by no means follows from—and is, indeed, at odds with—acknowledged aspects of Megaupload's business that stand well removed from the alleged infringement. To put matters in perspective, consider the maximum statutory fine that might be imposed upon Megaupload and the individual Defendants were they convicted on all five criminal counts, Counts Four through Eight, concerning the alleged copyright infringement: The maximum fine per count for a first offense of criminal copyright infringement under 21 U.S.C. § 506(a) would be $250,000 for the individual and $500,000 for the corporation, see 18 U.S.C. §§ 2319(b), 3571(b)(3), 3571(c)(3), such that imposing the fine upon these Defendants consecutively across all five counts would result in a combined fine of $7,500,000.00 . Yet tens of millions of dollars, more than ten times the amount of that maximum fine, have been seized from these Defendants as derived from the business. The math does not compute.
The Government's shuttering of Megaupload, purely on its own ipse dixit, is a modernday throwback to the unconstitutional prior restraints on speech that are a notorious enemy of the First Amendment. In Fort Wayne Books, Inc. v. Indiana, 489 U.S. 46 (1989), for instance, the State of Indiana filed a civil action against several owners of adult bookstores alleging RICO violations and, based on an ex parte showing of probable cause, seized “the real estate, publications, and other personal property comprising each of the three bookstores operated by the corporate defendants.” Id. at 51. Even assuming that the seized materials were obscene, and thus unprotected, the Court held that “our cases firmly hold that mere probable cause to believe a legal violation has transpired is not adequate to remove books or films from circulation.” Id. at 66; see United States v. Jenkins, 974 F.2d 32, 35 (5th Cir. 1992) (“It is, of course, well-settled that the government may not seize presumptively protected expressive materials without a prior judicial determination of obscenity”). The bottom line is that the Government cannot order seizure of “literally thousands of books and films [to be] carried away and taken out of circulation by [a] pretrial order” until “the claimed justification for seizing books or other publications is properly established in an adversary proceeding.” Fort Wayne Books, 489 U.S. at 67; see, e.g., Multi-Media Distributing Co., Inc. v. United States, 836 F. Supp. 606, 614 (N.D. Ind. 1993)...
Here, the Government has effectively accomplished what Fort Wayne Books foreclosed. It has shuttered Megaupload, and, with it, a treasure trove of books, films, videos, photos, digital expression of every stripe, without any adversarial proceeding at all. What is more, if the Government had its way, 1,100-servers worth of that collection would have been wiped, with members of the public (including rightful owners of that material) left the poorer for it. In this sense, what the Government has done in this case raises further alarms, for it has seized not only allegedly infringing copies, but effectively taken down everything that was on Megaupload.com, taking works out of circulation entirely. See Heller v. New York, 413 U.S. 483, 492 (1973) (explaining that “a single copy of a book or film may be seized and retained for evidentiary purposes based on a finding of probable cause” but it is when a book or film is “taken out of circulation completely” that the seizure rises to the level of a prior restraint). The parallels between this case and cases in which prior restraints have been denounced as unconstitutional are unsettling and, if nothing else, warrant heightened judicial skepticism and scrutiny
While we've been mostly focused on the New Zealand aspects of the Megaupload case, the company (and the individuals sued) have made two interesting filings with the district court in the US concerning the case. The first one (pdf) seeks a dismissal of the company from the case for an issue we discussed back in April: criminal law requires that the defendant be served, and you can't serve a foreign company. Thus, there is no legal way for Megaupload to be tried under criminal law:That is, however, separate from the cases against the individuals involved in Megaupload. However, as Megaupload's lawyer is suggesting if the case is dropped against the corporate entity, it may require dismissing the orders freezing the firms' assets.The second filing (pdf) doesn't get the same headlines, since it's not asking for complete dismissal, but in many ways it's the more interesting filing. That filing is an effort to get seized assets back in order to pay for their defense. But it also foreshadows the rather key issue in the case, which we've raised in the past about both this case and the Rojadirecta case : the US government is flat out making up a concept that inducement to infringe violatescopyright law.To be clear, under the Grokster decision, the US Supreme Courta concept known as "inducement" as violating copyright law. Such "inducement" is not found anywhere in the copyright statute. To do so, the court relied on principles found inlaw, not criminal law. Criminal law -- for hopefully obvious reasons -- has very different standards, and "inducement" is certainly not possible under criminal copyright law as it's written today. There is, of course, the concept of "aiding and abetting" within criminal laws, but there are clear limits in which that can be used -- and the US governmentto show all the necessary elements for aiding and abetting (in part because it tries to mix and match the actions of Megauploadwith the defendants -- but you can't do that). That is, whilemay have willfully infringed (one prong of criminal copyright infringement), the government needs to show that the defendants themselves were involved in direct willful infringement. Instead, the government assumes that if users were willful, but the defendants were not, it can simply use some sort of made up legal transitive property to pretend that they can hang the willful infringement on the defendants.What's amazing is that all of these issues were clearly raised in the Rojadirecta case, but as has been clear from the filings in that case, the Department of Justicedoesn't understand how it's mixing and matching the law here... so it just went ahead and did the exact same thing in the Megaupload case. Perhaps it realizes that it's making up a legal concept and just hoping that judges accept such things (which judges aren't supposed to do in criminal cases, since such common law rulings by a judge can only apply to civil law), or perhaps the Justice Department attorneys really don't understand the law. It honestly feels like it may be the latter.The filing also highlights, repeatedly, that the indictment fails to actually establish the basic facts necessary to bring the charges that are being brought:Separately, the filing points out that the government's claims presume thatby Megaupload was earned because of criminal activity. That, of course, is ridiculous for a number of reasons, not the least of which is that we know that there were a significant number of legitimate users and uses of Megaupload. Furthermore, the filing correctly points out that you can only use US copyright law against infringing acts that occurred inside the US, and yet the government assumes that every act of infringement is subject to US copyright law -- which is simply false -- and has resulted in much more straightforward cases being dismissed The filing also points out that Megaupload has substantial non-infringing uses, effectively using the Betamax ruling as a defense. I'm not sure this actually applies in the criminal context, but does raise some reasonable questions about whether or not you could even make a legitimate civil case against Megaupload.Finally, the filing notes the basic First Amendment questions raised by the seizure itself, citing the Fort Wayne Books case:I'm sure we'll see these arguments show up again in a motion to dismiss, but for now, they're just being raised in an effort to get access to some of the seized funds. Either way, the further this case moves forward, the worse it looks for the feds case, which increasingly looks insanely weak (and highlights just how ridiculously over-aggressive the US government has been in pursuing the case).
Filed Under: criminal procedure, doj, first amendment, forfeiture, seizure
Companies: megaupload
Dutch/Nederlands by
Springaling 275: Terug naar Springtrap De Stinkerd
Panel 1:
Springtrap: Kom op, kleine. Laten we TV kijken.
Plushtrap: Je huilde niet.
Panel 2:
Springtrap: He?
Plushtrap: Je was verdrietig. Het is oké om te huilen als je verdriet hebt, hoor.
Panel 3:
Springtrap: Ik kan niet eens huilen, want m'n traanbuizen zijn allang weggerot.
Plushtrap: Je weet heus wel wat ik bedoel!
Panel 4:
Springtrap: Tja...
Ik heb mezelf jaren geleden al drooggehuild.
by
Previous:Next:First:The question that has been on so many minds lately is "What has Springtrap been doing since we left him way back in March?" The answer is: Not bloody much.*****Springaling 275: Back to Stinky Old SpringtrapPanel 1:Springtrap: Let's watch something, squirt.Plushtrap: You didn't cry.Panel 2:Springtrap: Huh?Plushtrap: You were real sad. You can cry when you're sad. It's okay.Panel 3:Springtrap: Not me. My tear ducts rotted away.Plushtrap: You know what I mean!Panel 4:Springtrap: Eh.I cried myself dry long ago.*****by Springaling 275: 回到又臟又老的SpringtrapPanel 1:Springtrap: 我們去看點什麼吧，小不點。Plushtrap: 你沒哭。Panel 2:Springtrap: 哈？Plushtrap: 你剛才明明很傷心。傷心的時候你可以哭呀。沒關係的。Panel 3:Springtrap: 對我不管用。我的淚腺早就爛光了。Plushtrap: 你知道我想說什麼的！Panel 4:Springtrap: 額。我很久以前就把眼淚哭乾了。*****by Springaling 275: Zpět ke smradlavému SpringtrapoviPanel 1:Springtrap: Podívejme se na něco, mrně.Plushtrap: Neplakal jsi.Panel 2:Springtrap: Co?Plushtrap: Byl jsi moc smutný. Můžeš plakat, pokud je ti smutno. Je to v pořádku.Panel 3:Springtrap: Já ne. Slzné kanálky mi dávno shnily.Plushtrap: Ty víš, co myslím!Panel 4:Springtrap: Em.Já se vybrečel už hodně dávno.**********by Springaling 275: De Retour au Vieux Springtrap PuantCase 1:Springtrap: Allons regarder quelque chose, gamin.Plushtrap: Tu n'as pas pleur.Case 2:Springtrap: Huh?Plushtrap: Tu étais vraiment triste. Tu peux pleurer quand t'es triste. C'est OK.Case 3:Springtrap: Pas moi. Mes conduits lacrymaux ont pourris.Plushtrap: Tu sais ce que je veux dire !Case 4:Springtrap: Eh.J'ai pleuré toutes les larmes de mon corps il y a bien longtemps.*****by Panel 1:Springtrap: Nézzünk valamit, öcsi.Plushtrap: Te nem sírtál.Panel 2:Springtrap: Mi?Plushtrap: Nagyon szomorú voltál. Nyugodtan sírhatsz amikor szomorú vagy. Az nem baj.Panel 3:Springtrap: Ez most nem is az én gondom. Már sírni se tudok.Plushtrap: Tudod te azt miről beszélek!Panel 4:Springtrap: Eh.Már hosszú ideje szárazzá sírtam magad.*****by Springaling 275: Z powrotem do starego śmierdziela SpringtrapaPanel 1Springtrap: Obejrzyjmy coś, urwisie.Plushtrap: Nie płakałeś.Panel 2Springtrap: Hę?Plushtrap: Byłeś bardzo smutny. Możesz płakać kiedy ci smutno. Nie musisz się wstydzić.Panel 3Springtrap: Ja nie. Już dawno zgniły mi kanaliki łzowe.Plushtrap: Wiesz co miałam na myśli!Panel 4Springtrap: Eh.Już dawno skończyły mi się łzy.*****by Springaling 275: De volta ao velho SpringtrapPanel 1:Springtrap: Vamos assistir algo, garoto.Plushtrap: Você não chorou.Panel 2:Springtrap: Ãhn?Plushtrap: Você estava muito triste. Você pode chorar quando está triste. Está tudo bem.Panel 3:Springtrap: Eu não. Meus dutos lacrimais apodreceram.Plushtrap: Você sabe o que eu quero dizer!Panel 4:Springtrap: Eh.Eu me chorei seco muito tempo atrás.*****by Спрингалинг 275: И вновь старый вонючка СпрингтрапКадр 1:Спрингтрап: Давай посмотрим что-нибудь, малышка.Плюштрап: Ты не плакал.Кадр 2:Спрингтрап: Хм?Плюштрап: Тебе было и вправду грустно. Ты можешь плакать, когда тебе грустно. Это нормально.Кадр 3:Спрингтрап: Не для меня. Мои слёзные железы давно сгнили.Плюштрап: Ты ведь понимаешь, что я имею в виду!Кадр 4:Спрингтрап: Эх…Я давно выплакал все свои слёзы.*****by Springaling 275: De regreso al viejo y apestoso SpringtrapPanel 1:Springtrap: Vamos a ver algo, pequeña.Plushtrap: No lloraste.Panel 2:Springtrap: ¿Eh?Plushtrap: Estabas muy triste. Puedes llorar cuando estas triste. Está bien.Panel 3:Springtrap: Yo no. Mis conductos lagrimales se pudrieron.Plushtrap: ¡Sabes a qué me refiero!Panel 4:Springtrap: Ehm.Todas las lágrimas que yo podría llorar se secaron hace ya mucho tiempo.*****by and Springaling 275: Tillbaka till Illaluktande Gamla SpringtrapPanel 1:Springtrap: Låt oss titta på något, lillen.Plushtrap: Du grät inte.Panel 2:Springtrap: Va?Plushtrap: Du var jätteledsen. Du får gråta när du är ledsen. Det är okej.Panel 3:Springtrap: Inte jag. Mina tårkanaler ruttnade bort.Plushtrap: Du vet vad jag menar!Panel 4:Springtrap: Eh.Jag grät mig själv torr för länge sedan.
In his seminal essay "On Bullshit," philosopher Harry Frankfurt defines bullshit as a form of communication aimed to obscure the matter of facts being discussed by using the words that are neither necessarily true nor false. This definition hinges on a crucial distinction between a liar and a bullshitter. Unlike the liar, who hides things about himself in an attempt to lead us away from a correct apprehension of reality, the bullshitter hides that "the truth-values of his statements are of no central interest to him." In other words, bullshitter doesn't care about what the truth is. He just talks as it suits his purposes.
It is hard not to notice the similarity between what Frankfurt describes in his essay and the current discourse of Donald Trump. As PolitiFact reports, most of Trump's campaign statements have been blatantly false, mostly false or partially true. Only 2 percent of his statements are described as true. Although one is tempted to call him a liar, which many have done, he is not a liar but a bullshitter.
Advertisement:
A liar, according to Frankfurt, must know what the truth is, and must deliberately aim to lead his listeners away from it. But, consider some of Trump's recent false statements. A careful analysis of them will show that he did not need to know (and was most likely unaware of) what the real facts were. For example, when he said that American Muslims celebrated 9/11 by the thousands, he was not merely lying about this. He could not have known if there really were thousands of them cheering the fall of the Twin Towers. He probably conjured this statement from his supposition that since Islamic terrorists attacked the World Trade Center there must have been Muslim believers in America who have celebrated it.
Thus, there is no truth that Trump is aware of and that he tries to hide away from us. His political discourse is mainly based on constant reproduction of statements that attract media attention and keep him in the news cycle. Of course, he is not the first one to draw media attention through outrageous statements. Many have done that before him, and many will do it in the future. The role of media in contemporary politics lends itself easily to this kind of use.
But, the novelty of Trump is not only in the nonchalant disregard for the truth instead of its deliberate distortion, but also in the widespread acceptance of bullshit as the legitimate political discourse. By "legitimate" I do not mean that bullshit suddenly becomes the way politicians speak and justify their actions. What I mean is far more serious: bullshit is legitimate in politics when everyone starts accepting that words uttered in political discourse do not matter anymore.
Trump has successfully made language irrelevant, at least among his supporters (potentially half of the country). He indicated this himself when he said that his supporters are so passionate about him that even if we walked down Fifth Avenue and shot a person they would still love him. Although it did not sound like that, this was a statement about language, and not about Trump's potential murderous actions. What he meant by this is that his supporters would love him no matter what he said. Hence, the bullshit.
Frankfurt concludes his essay by asking why there is so much bullshit nowadays. He gives two possible answers. First, he says that bullshit is "unavoidable whenever circumstances require someone to talk without knowing what is he talking about." Second, bullshit springs from various forms of contemporary skepticism "which deny that we have any reliable access to an objective reality and which therefore reject the possibility of knowing how things truly are."
The first answer could plausibly explain Trump. He has put himself into circumstances that oblige him to speak about things that are beyond his personal expertise. As we can witness from his media appearances, his knowledge about public policy, foreign affairs or broader culture is meager, to say the least, and he compensates by producing bullshit. The second answer is perhaps too “academic” for Trump and his supporters. It is not very likely that he or anybody close to him at this point engages in such epistemic or metaphysical exercises.
Advertisement:
But, there is a third possible answer that could explain the current reign of bullshit in American politics, which can be discovered from Trump's own words. Namely, when he said that his supporters are so passionate about him that they don't care about what he does or says, he inadvertently discovered the roots of his appeal: bare instinct. It has become evident that his support among the populace springs from some primal domain that precedes language (thus making it irrelevant). In her recent interview with some of Trump's young supporters, Samantha Bee has drawn out acknowledgment that Trump was appealing to them on a certain limbic level, speaking to their "lizard brains."
So, we could argue that Trump is bullshitting because language is irrelevant in explaining his political persona and his appeal to voters. What he hides is, therefore, not the mere irrelevance of truth, but more important, the crucial relevance of instinct for politics.
But, what is this "instinct" for? We may discover it by looking into what kind of resistance Trump has so far elicited. Besides the opposition of most liberal circles in the country, Trump has also met significant conservative resistance to his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. Almost the entire Republican establishment deeply dislikes Trump and would do anything it can to stop his victorious march to the Republican National Convention in July.
One might speculate about reasons behind this. Some conservatives argue that Trump is a covert metropolitan liberal from New York and point to his previous record supporting Democrats and standing behind liberal causes, such as abortion or a single-payer healthcare system. But, a more likely reason for the mainstream conservative opposition to Trump than this is the fact that he threatens to reveal the true face of American conservative politics. Namely, the bullshit he produces every day has only so much success in hiding what lies beneath: the deeply embedded instinct for racial and economic domination, white over black, rich over poor. This deep structure rises to the surface at every Trump rally, whenever a mass of his supporters gathers together. Hands raised to a Nazi salute, beatings of blacks, journalists and dissenters are the flip side of the bullshit rhetoric. Basically, Trump threatens to reveal something most conservative politicians are trying to hide: that American conservatism is not an ideology of limited government or public virtue, but as Corey Robin argues, a "mode of counterrevolutionary practice" to preserve hierarchy and power of white and rich elites over non-white and poor masses.
Advertisement:
There are two basic ways we can deal with Trump and his bullshit. We could follow the example of Louis C.K. and plead to our fellow Americans with conservative sentiments not to vote for Trump. Alternatively, we could come to terms with Donald Trump as the true representative of a centuries-old tradition in American politics, which claims that only certain people are by nature (by the color of their skin or by the thickness of their wallet) fit to rule, while others should obey. We could accept him as such and finally deal with this tradition as responsible adults able to address our own imperfections.
By Brian Cohen
Stanley Kubrick is known for being a filmmaker and not a cryptographer. However, Kubrick's films have hidden “fractal” narratives with coded messages that Rob Ager has been deciphering through his amazing film analysis on his website Collative Learning and on Youtube. In "Mazes, Mirrors, Deception and Denial: Chapter 15: This is our Gold Ballroom" Mr. Ager puts forth his theory that there is a sub-plot in The Shining that revolves around the gold standard. The Shining was released in 1980, not long after the U.S. dollar's fixed value against gold under the Bretton Woods system ended. More specifically, President Nixon announced on August 15, 1971 the end of the gold standard.
Kubrick's films, which can be interpreted on different levels, use dialogue that can have more than one meaning:
“Your money's no good here.” said the bartender Lloyd to Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) in the Overlook Hotel's “Gold Room.”...“Orders from the house.”
(Note: Haven't seen The Shining yet? It's not on Netflix Streaming but you can add it to your DVD Queue or review plot summaries over at IMDB.)
There is a subtext going on here and the Gold Room bartender is conveying three messages simultaneously:
1) The drink is free
2) We don't accept your kind around here (i.e people who pass bad money---see #3 below)
3) The money you propose to pay for your drink is not a valid form of payment and is a false substitute for the real thing.
“Your money's no good here.” can have very different meanings depending on how and when it is used. In the case of Jack and the Bartender's conversation it absorbs all meanings just as the Overlook Hotel absorbs Jack into its nexus.
Message Board user Astorian over on The Straight Dope forums hit the nail on the head when he explained how the meaning of this phrase has morphed over time:
“I always figured this was a case of an older NEGATIVE catchphrase being turned on its head, and used in a positive way….That is, in the Old West, if a scruffy, undesirable-looking person walked into a saloon, he might have been told sternly, "Your money's no good here," as in "We don't intend to serve you, so get lost.” “In the Old South, a black man seeking to eat at a restaurant or shop at a whites-only store might have been told the same thing. In that situation, "Your money's no good here "meant, "I don't care if you have money to spend, YOU are not welcome here." “Over time, those practices have largely vanished, but people remembered the old phrase, and started using it in a different way. If, for example, a bunch of guys are taking a buddy out to a restaurant or bar for his birthday, they may tell him, ‘Your money's no good here', meaning ‘Tonight, you don't pay for anything, it's all on us.'”
The first known usage of this phrase to play on its dual meanings was in “The Finding of Zach” (circa 1900) by Paul Laurence Dunbar:
[Location: At a Bar] “Your money's no good up here.” "Wh-why-why, I thought dis money passed any whah in de Nutied States!" exclaimed the bewildered old man." "That's all right, but you can't spend it until we run out. [of drinks]" "Oh! Why bless yo' soul, suh, you skeered me. You sho' is clevah."
This “old man” tried to spend a National banknote which were issued between 1863 and 1938. The design of these standardized notes were the same “regardless of place of issue, differing only in the name, location, and charter number of the bank.” So naturally he was confused about his money being no good. He was probably old enough to remember when U.S. currency wasn't standardized. Private banks issued their own currency and convertibility of notes between different regions (i.e. the old man was an out of towner) was an endeavor. This period from 1837 to 1862 was known as the “free banking era.” Episode 421 of Planet Money, “The Birth Of The Dollar Bill” discussed how cumbersome it was to accept and spend money in this environment. There were as many as 8,000 different notes, banks had lifespan averages of just five years and frequently collapsed. Merchants had to rely on a banknote Reporter to pass judgement on banknotes in circulation. The further away the note holder was from the issuing bank the more likely a merchant would reject the payment. Notes from financially unsound and bankrupt banks were called wildcat notes, shinplaster, shingles, stump tails, and red dogs. This was the money that “was no good up here.”
On The House
Returning to The Shining, Rob Ager explains how
“...Jack [is] an incarnation of President Woodrow Wilson and his relationship to America's monetary system. In particular “Orders from the house” could be a reference to Colonel Mandell House, the personal advisor who guided Wilson in surrendering the US government's right to issue currency to the private bankers. Another possibility is that “Orders from the house” could be referring to the European-based House of Rothschild, a banking dynasty which had dominated and controlled the majority of Europe's central banks for a hundred's of years and which was also rumoured to be the behind-the-scenes controlling force of the Federal Reserve System…”
Just as the Overlook hotel changed Jack Torrence (he went insane), the meaning of money has changed over time. Money had intrinsic value backed by gold and silver, but we are now left with a doppelganger.
Legal Tender … For Debt
There is no federal law which requires businesses to accept cash as a form of payment. The U.S. Treasury explains how “private businesses are free to develop their own policies on whether or not to accept cash unless there is a State law which says otherwise.” The Federal Reserve also notes the same on its website. However, I found this interesting piece from the Wall Street Journal that explains how a restaurant would have to accept Federal Reserve Notes (i.e. cash) as a form of payment under law:
“... in a restaurant, you usually pay after you've eaten the food...A restaurant that allows someone to incur a debt (eat their food) and pay later becomes a creditor and would be required to accept legal tender to satisfy that debt..”
Federal Reserve Notes clearly state: “THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER FOR ALL DEBTS, PUBLIC AND PRIVATE.”
Your Bitcoin is No Good Here
Bitcoin is an opt-in digital currency. There is no central authority and it is not legal tender in any national boundary. Canada is the most recent nation state to re-iterate this informally through the media and perhaps more formally through Policy Horizons (a federal public service): “...governments will never confer the status of legal tender on private currency..." While not “illegal tender,” no person or entity or government is forced to accept it. While this may seem obvious, when a not for profit is involved this declaration might seem a little more fuzzy. There is an extra layer of complexity and perhaps even an ethical dilemma when a charity refuses a donation. Some have even questioned the legality of a charity refusing a donation.
Recent Freedom of Information request in the United Kingdom discussed the Institute of Fundraising's Guidance on Acceptance and Refusal of Donations and explained that:
“...the law requires charity trustees to consider the charity's best interests, taking an overall view. The law allows practical and ethical factors to be taken into account as long as these are likely to affect the specific interests of the charity. Decisions to refuse donations should be recorded as this will demonstrate that the charity has identified and properly considered the risks and is transparent about the decision-making process. This is important for being able to show that the charity trustees have acted responsibly...”
There have been many campaigns over the past several months petitioning different organizations including both for profit and not for profits to accept Bitcoin. Most recently there has been a campaign for Amazon to accept Bitcoin which gained momentum after CEO of Overstock Patrick Byrne stated that Amazon would be compelled to accept the cryptocurrency. However, no campaigns have been more contentious than that of Wikimedia, the parent organization of Wikipedia.
Bitcoin Forum “Hero Member” gmaxwell, a “partner” with the outgoing Wikimedia chairman for the last decade and who has a long personal involvement in Wikimedia… had this to say about a Wikimedia bitcoin drive:
“...Soliciting funds on behalf of Wikimedia from random forum members in order to hold a fundraising "ransom" is not likely to help convince senior wikimedia executive staff (Or some of its well known and outspoken community members) who steadfastly believe Bitcoin is inherently a scam and Bitcoin users are a mixture of rubes and scammers.” “...And, as an aside, as a matter of current policy— Wikimedia doesn't generally take funds with strings attached, and has never— to the best of my knowledge— accepted donations which required promoting the donor on the site's pages (beyond the pages that list donors, of course), even ones much larger than the Bitcoin community is likely to offer. Wikimedia also does not generally accept gifts in kind. I can only imagine that a promotion-encumbered "donation" offer would only improve the credibility of people arguing that Bitcoin is a pump-and-dump scam…”
There is some irony that an organization that is so steadfast against censorship would be opposed to accepting bitcoin donations. As the Wall Street Journal recently published in “Wikipedia Co-Founder Refuses to Comply With China's Censorship,” “Wikipedia Co-Founder Jimmy Wales said he would rather have no Wikipedia in China than comply with any [emphasis LTB] form of censorship.” However, Jon Matonis, now Executive Director of the Bitcoin Foundation wrote in “Wikipedia Accepts 'Enemies Of The Internet' Currencies” and “WikiLeaks Bypasses Financial Blockade With Bitcoin” for Forbes” that:
“Bitcoin is immune to the political pressures faced by PayPal, VISA, and Mastercard during the infamous Wikileaks payment blockade. Given that Wikipedia ‘blacked out' on January 18, 2012 in ardent opposition to SOPA and PIPA, bitcoin would also appear to be amazingly aligned with objectives for a free and open Internet….It should be offensive to most free-minded people that you are not the final arbiter of how and where you spend your money. Bitcoin restores the balance.”
Wikipedia's position on Bitcoin has not changed (other than a dedicated shortened URL to the topic):
“The Wikimedia Foundation, as a donor-driven organization, has a fiduciary duty to be responsible and prudent with its money. This has been interpreted to mean that we do not accept "artificial" currencies - that is, those not backed by the full faith and credit of an issuing government. We do, however, strive to provide as many methods of donating as possible and continue to monitor Bitcoin with interest and may revisit this position should circumstance change.” https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Bitcoin
Your Altcoin is No Good Here
Bitcoin, the world's first supranational currency, created unifying experience among its users around the globe. However, in a bit of irony, Bitcoin's success has spun off a number of altcoins that created a fragmented landscape. The Thanksgiving 2013 runup of Litecoin prices and the introduction of the Discordian cryptocurrency Dogecoin are the driving force behind the recent altcoin gold rush.
Andy Greenberg of Forbes spoke with ZeroCoin developer Matthew Green in “Bitcoin Anonymity Upgrade Zerocoin To Become An Independent Cryptocurrency:”
“...Green says he was inspired by the rise in value of the new cryptocurrency Dogecoin–a mostly-frivolous creation based on the “Doge” dog-picture meme… ‘If people will put money into Dogecoin, they'll put it into anything,' says Green.”
There has been a confluence of events that will continue to increase the number of altcoins available. While Bitcoiners continue to petition legacy institutions to accept Bitcoin as a form of payment, there isn't a shortage of institutions that that are willing to accept Bitcoin. Money is only as good in so far as you are able to spend it. Litecoin recently received a push with GoCoin, “GoCoin First to Enable Merchants to Accept Litecoin on the International Alt-Currency Payment Platform.” Whether or not we will see transaction enablers and “payment platforms” in other altcoins will reveal if altcoins are shinplaster or a paradigm shift. After all, Bitcoin is just an “altcoin” to anyone who hasn't used it yet…
Views: 5,020
President-elect Donald Trump is scrambling to line up senior officials to run the government's sprawling intelligence and homeland security bureaucracy.
Team Trump is struggling to fill numerous key slots or even attract many candidates because hundreds have either sworn they'd never work in a Trump administration or have directly turned down requests to join, multiple current and former U.S. officials with direct knowledge of the transition efforts told The Daily Beast.
Team Trump didn't expect to win until the campaign's internal polling a month before the election signaled a possible victory. That's when senior Trump officials went into overdrive, trying to build a bench of experienced national security candidates with top secret clearances willing to work for a Trump presidency—and they met resistance across the landscape of experienced GOP national security professionals.
One person who met last month with Trump's national security and homeland security transition team leader said that she confessed that many candidates had flatly rejected attempts to recruit them, believing that Trump was unfit to hold the office of commander in chief.
“She said that it was going to be very difficult to fill positions in that space because everybody that had experience was a never-Trumper,” this person said, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss private conversations.
“She wasn't even sure that she was going to be able to fill a transition team,” much less find people to serve in government positions, this person said.
“In theory, 20 people are supposed to parachute into the Department of Homeland Security [during the transition between administrations]. And I don't think they have anybody to do it.”
A second individual, also speaking on condition of anonymity, confirmed this person's account that there are a large number of vacancies to fill without a clear plan of how that will happen. Since Trump's improbable win, Team Trump has been aggressively reaching out to possible candidates with a flurry of meetings in New York and Washington, D.C.
Two career U.S. officials, currently serving in the government, also said they were unsure whether they would continue in their positions, which are slated to last into the next administration.
On Monday morning, a group of officials working on a range of national security issues including the resettlement of refugees and methods for countering terrorists' violent rhetoric met to discuss their progress. But it wasn't at all clear whether a President Trump would even continue those initiatives, one participant said. Trump has promised to ban Muslims from certain countries from entering the United States and has claimed he knows better how to combat terrorists than military generals and intelligence officials.
But before he can take the axe to Obama-era programs, Trump has to staff up his own administration. It won't be easy.
It was clear the Trump team would have trouble staffing their national security bench nine months ago, when more than 100 Republican national security leaders signed an open letter vowing not to support him as the GOP nominee and “working energetically to prevent the election of someone so utterly unfitted to the office.”
“Everybody who has signed a never-Trump letter or indicated an anti-Trump attitude is not going to get a job. And that's most of the Republican foreign policy, national security, intelligence, homeland security, and Department of Justice experience,” Paul Rosenzweig, who held a senior position at the Department of Homeland Security in the George W. Bush administration, told The Daily Beast. (Bush told reporters on Tuesday that neither he nor his wife, Laura, cast a vote for president.)
Rosenzweig predicted that Trump would be able to fill positions at the Cabinet level, the secretaries and administrators who lead agencies and departments. But the people below them, from the deputy level on down, are the ones who actually run the government day-to-day, and there are few takers for those jobs, he said.
“The problem is going to be finding the deputy secretary, and the head of customs, and the general counsel, which are the jobs that fundamentally matter,” Rosenzweig said.
Since the public letter in March, more people who served in key positions in Republican administrations have stepped forward to disavow Trump and take themselves out of the running for jobs in his administration.
Last week, former CIA and NSA Director Michael Hayden went so far as to accuse Trump of being a tool of the Russian government.
Trump had consistently refused to agree with the U.S. intelligence community's unanimous assessment that Russia was responsible for a campaign of cyberattacks and leaks against the Democratic Party, which officials said was intended to “interfere” with Tuesday's election.
“Rejecting a fact-based intelligence assessment—not because of compelling contrarian data, but because it is inconsistent with a preexisting worldview—that's the stuff of ideological authoritarianism, not pragmatic democracy. And it is frightening,” Hayden wrote.
The likely pool of Trump administration officials now will come from a second-tier of younger and less experienced people, Stewart Baker, the former general counsel of the National Security Agency, told The Daily Beast.
Baker, who also served in a senior position in the Department of Homeland Security during the Bush administration, said these less-experienced candidates weren't necessarily without talent, but he acknowledged that more seasoned people like himself were not likely to be joining the new administration.
Trump will take over an intelligence community that is already in his cross-hairs, after he said in the third presidential debate that he doubted its assessment on the Russian hacks. Trump has also talked openly about information that was relayed to him in classified briefings given to him and Clinton, and current and former officials have said they worried that Trump wouldn't be able to keep confidential information secret.
“The intelligence community has had presidents before who were deeply skeptical about their role, their product, and their value,” Baker said. “The intelligence community, I predict, will work very hard to demonstrate its value to the new president. Because if they don't have support from the White House, they don't really have much influence in the interagency debate.”
As the dust settled on a historic election, the plans for a would-be Clinton administration also became clearer, and they appeared much farther along than Trump's.
Clinton had planned to launch onto the world stage with a series of international summits in the Mideast, Europe and beyond, to reassure fretful allies weary of the global retrenchment of the Obama administration, according to senior advisors to the Clinton campaign interviewed in the run-up to the stunning election upset.
The muscular reassertion of American power was to include a stepped-up campaign against militants in Syria and Iraq, and a pushback against Russian expansionism and Iranian meddling in the Middle East.
Yet Clinton pulled her punches on that message during her campaign, so as not to alienate the Obamas and their supporters who were seen as key to clinching the election.
No roles had been assigned in a Clinton “war cabinet” nor specific policies chosen, the senior advisors said, but the Clinton transition team had been staffed since early this year with experienced policy wonks and former senior administration and military officials, like former National Counterterrorism Center Director Matt Olsen and former deputy director of the CIA Michael Morell.
Those officials chewed over many of the toughest foreign policy issues. And in the least one case, an answer was emerging from those discussions that might be music to Trump's ears.
Most involved in the early Clinton transition discussions agreed that few good options remained in Syria, because of Russia's backing of President Bashar al-Assad. Establishing a no-fly zone would have inevitably meant shooting down a Russian jet, “because they would test us as soon as we established it,” one adviser said.
So negotiating via Russia was emerging still as one of the best options—and teaming up with Putin in the Middle East was something Trump repeatedly promised to do.
Who Said What? Calligraphy inspired by Doctor Who from Anne Kaese
On display through April 30 at Uncorked in downtown Fargo
Opening reception: Wednesday, April 16, 5 – 7 p.m.
annekaese.com
Bowties, fezzes, sonic screwdrivers, a time-traveling box that's bigger on the inside … there's plenty of iconic stuff in the long-running and beloved BBC sci-fi show Doctor Who. On top of those wonderful things, there's also the quotability of the Doctor, a centuries-old time traveler with sharp wit and two hearts' worth of love for humanity. It's those classic one-liners that calligrapher and painter Anne Kaese is capturing in a new series of work currently on display in downtown Fargo.
Why did you decide to respond to Doctor Who through your art?
It started as a project of combining my art with the current obsession of my children – a way of connecting with them and what they see as important, actionable, quotable and entertainment. My son developed a Doctor wardrobe and I threatened to make custard so we could try out fish fingers with it. It was fun seeing them respond to a man who solves problems with his wits and not a weapon, who loves bowties, science, history, geography, and being with people who challenge him.
What made you fall in love with Doctor Who?
He is the man who knows so much and yet knows he can learn more, know more, build more, find more solutions, find ways of connecting more people, experience more. He makes learning cool. He teaches us that real people are the most important gift we can give ourselves, that we must never stop learning and that there is always a solution if we work at it. He is witty, kind, goofy, and always optimistic.
What was the process in creating these works?
I started out by creating pages of backgrounds. They are all slightly abstract places in time and space, all with a TARDIS somewhere. I wanted to capture the notion of time and space and opportunity. Some seem happy, some seem troubled, all talk of opportunity to fill in the space. Then, my kids and I brainstormed on their favourite sayings, mine, their friends. We re-watched our favourite shows and looked through the books Arthur has. Our last resort was the internet. Then we ranked the sayings and I had a list to work from. I used gouache and metallic inks to do the calligraphy on the pages with a script I developed for this project. It had to be non-standard – the Doctor is not a font – and modern with a throwback feel, too.
What was your favorite quote to work with for this project?
“In 900 years of time and space, I have never met anyone who was not important.”
Also:
“There are a lot of things you need to get across this universe. Warp drive, wormhole refractors … you know the thing you need most of all? You need a hand to hold.”
Peter Capaldi, yea or nay?
As I am old, I have to support Peter Capaldi for being brave enough to reach across the generations and make aging men look cool to a new generation of Whovians. That is some special kind of tough and love!
Is ‘Vincent and the Doctor' your favorite episode?
It is Rebecca's (my 13 year old) and it has such a lovely message that it really should be. I love his homily (the Doctor's) on good things and bad things. ”The way I see it, every life is a pile of good things and bad things. The good things don't always soften the bad things, but vice-versa, the bad things don't necessarily spoil the good things and make them unimportant.”
I love “The Shakespeare Code.” It is jam-packed with all sorts of references to other literature, authors, and poets too. We all love a good sequel! It is all a bit Harry Potter!
Bonus question: Amy Pond or Clara Oswald?
Clara … but I am a River Song kind of gal myself.
Images courtesy of Anne Kaese.
The Open will consider paying prize money in U.S. dollars for the first time this year because of the weakening of the pound in the wake of last year's Brexit vote which saw the United Kingdom decide to leave the European Union.
Martin Slumbers, the chief executive of the R&A, told reporters this week that the exchange rate has put The Open at a disadvantage compared to the other three majors.
"It's something that hasn't escaped my attention," Slumbers said when talking to reporters following the announcement that Royal St. George's in Sandwich, England, had been awarded the 2020 Open. "It's a significant issue as we've gone from (an exchange rate of) $1.50 to $1.25.
Henrik Stenson captured The Open in 2016 at Royal Troon, Scotland. BPI/Imago/Icon Sportswire
"I'm very conscious that The Open is the only one of the four majors outside of the United States and what I'm trying to make sure is that The Open is viewed as one of the world's great sporting events. Prize money is one of the factors in that. For these guys, this is their living. We're very aware of where all the prize money is for the majors and for the other events.''
At Wednesday's exchange rate, the purse for last year's Open at Royal Troon of £6.5 million was worth just over $8 million. The Masters, U.S. Open and PGA Championship all had purses of $10 million, and the U.S. Open has announced it will be $12 million this year. The Open will be played at Royal Birkdale in Southport, England, in July.
"We've always announced our prize money in pounds, which makes the issue a little bit more complex,'' Slumbers said. "But it's something that we will address and deal with before June, when we announce what the 2017 prize money will be. An option clearly is to move to U.S. dollars."
As Microsoft officials reminded the company's reseller partners on July 8, there are only 273 more days until the Redmondians drop all support for Windows XP.
Starting April 8, 2014 , there will be no more patches or updates -- including security ones -- issued for Windows XP. This is despite the fact that Windows XP still had an estimated 37 percent share of all desktop operating systems as of June 2013.
Microsoft and its partners have a lot of work to do between now and then to try to get more businesses off Windows XP. During the first day of the company's Worldwide Partner Conference in Houston, officials reminded resellers and systems integrators of their marching orders around the 11-year-old operating system.
Microsoft's top Windows priorities for its fiscal year 2014 (which began on July 1, 2013) are to move all businesses off XP and to become the number one business tablet in the market, said Erwin visser, General Manager of Windows Commercial, during a breakout session at the show.
Microsoft and its partners would need to migrate 586,000 PCs per day over the next 273 days in order to get rid of all PCs running Windows XP, Visser said. Microsoft's actual goal is to get the XP base below 10 percent of the total Windows installed base by that time, he said.
Visser told partners that there's an estimated $32 billion service opportunity for them in moving users off XP, given that companies are spending an average of $200 per PC to move off XP to Windows 7 or Windows 8.
Microsoft is making available new programs, offers, tools and partnerships to help encourage more users to abandon XP, Visser said. He noted that Microsoft will be spending $40 million in fiscal 2014 to continue its Windows Accelerate Program, which is its pre-sales program for moving more of its customers to a "modern environment." As part of Accelerate, Microsoft pays some of its reseller and integrator partners to create "proof of concept" Metro-Style apps to show customers what's possible if they move to Windows 8.
Microsoft also is extending its program called "Get to Modern," which is aimed primarily at small/mid-size business (SMB) users. Visser said these kinds of users typically don't plan two to three years ahead for major migrations. As a result, many of these SMBs who still may be running Windows XP, will need partners to help them institute a quick-turnaround XP migration program.
HP and Microsoft also are working together on a new joint XP migration campaign. Details of that program -- which include specially priced HP ElitePads preloaded with Windows 8 for those agreeing to move off XP to Windows 8, are available on the hp.com/goodbyeXP site.
Microsoft officials also touted at the partner conference another new program known as TouchWins, which is a new channel incentive for featured Windows devices. Authorized distributors and resellers who sell PCs and tablets with Windows 8 Pro and touch will qualify for additional benefits, as outlined here.
The publisher of the Daily Mirror and Sunday Mirror is to pay compensation to 10 victims of phone hacking, including former England manager Sven-Göran Eriksson and one-time Doctor Who is a actor Christopher Eccleston.
It is the first significant admission of phone hacking by a newspaper group not owned by Rupert Murdoch, and was described as significant because it confirms that the practice was widespread in parts of the British newspaper industry.
Trinity Mirror is understood to have set aside just under £10m to cover the costs of dealing with claims of phone hacking, a sum that includes the £4m settlement fund announced in July this year.
Mark Lewis, the lawyer who acted for clients including Eriksson, said: “There are many more people who will now be able to make claims against the Mirror Group titles in respect of their unlawful activities.”
Lewis is the lawyer who also brought the first successful phone-hacking legal claim against Rupert Murdoch's now-defunct News of the World.
The claims are understood to be directed at all three national newspapers owned by Trinity Mirror, which also owns the People as well as the Daily and Sunday Mirror. The claims are concentrated in the five years between 2000 and 2005, when the Daily and Sunday Mirror and Sunday People were edited by several different people.
Eriksson's claim was filed in October 2012 and is understood to relate to a time when Piers Morgan edited the Daily Mirror, between 1995 and 2004. Morgan has denied any knowledge of phone hacking.
Trinity Mirror admitted liability to four individuals: Alan Yentob, the BBC's creative director, EastEnders stars Shane Richie and Lucy Benjamin, and Coronation Street actor Shobna Gulati. All received apologies and unspecified sums in compensation.
The newspaper publisher has also settled six other alleged phone-hacking claims and has agreed compensation. These claimants are ex-footballer Garry Flitcroft, Richie's wife, Christie Roche, and his agent, Phil Dale, and Abbie Gibson, a former nanny for the Beckham family, as well as Eriksson and Eccleston.
There are 19 more individuals who have issued hacking claims against Trinity Mirror, with a further 10 known to be considering further action.
Evan Harris, the associate director of Hacked Off, the campaign for tighter press regulation, called the admission “just the tip of a very big iceberg” and said that he believed the situation was “very worrying for the future of the paper. [The Mirror] is the only leftwing paper left and it doesn't have the deep pockets of Rupert Murdoch.”
Morgan gave evidence to the Leveson inquiry in December when he repeatedly denied any knowledge of illegal newsgathering techniques at the tabloid. But in May BBC Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman claimed to the inquiry that Morgan had personally shown him how to illicitly intercept voicemail messages at a lunch in September 2002.
Paxman claimed that at the same lunch Morgan had teased Ulrika Jonsson about the details of a private conversation she had had with Eriksson, who was England manager at the time.
Flitcroft was granted an injunction against the Sunday People in 2001, which was lifted in 2002. He subsequently told the Leveson inquiry that he had been subjected to a “dirt-digging” exercise in which details of his private life were published. Lucy Benjamin has cited 11 instances of alleged hacking against all three tabloid titles for a period covering 2000-2005.
Trinity Mirror has previously defended itself against allegations of phone hacking at its titles. In January 2012 Sly Bailey, the former chief executive, explained why there had been no internal investigation to the Leveson inquiry by saying: “I don't think it's a way to conduct a healthy organisation to go around conducting investigations when there's no evidence that our journalists have been involved in phone hacking.
“There was no evidence and we saw no reason to investigate. We have only seen unsubstantiated allegations and I have seen no evidence that phone hacking has ever taken place at Trinity Mirror.”
Lewis said such denials were initially repeated by the company's current management. “Their new chief executive, Simon Fox, indicated that a full internal investigation had been made and there was no substance in the allegations. This was completely wrong.
“It has finally come out that Mirror group journalists included people who did not follow the PCC code and the paper's denials in the past have been false. There are many more people who will now be able to make claims against the Mirror group titles in respect of their unlawful activities.”
Harris also cited evidence in the recent phone-hacking trial that saw former News of the World editor Andy Coulson found guilty. During the trial Dan Evans, a former reporter at the Murdoch tabloid, gave evidence. Evans was given a suspended sentence in recognition of his co-operation with police and prosecutors, having admitted hacking phones while he worked at the News of the World and his previous employer, the Sunday Mirror.
Evans had admitted in court in January that he started hacking phones after he was made a staff reporter at the Sunday Mirror and carried out this activity at that title for about “a year and a half”.
Evans described the phone-hacking target list at the Sunday Mirror as containing “lists of celebrities' voicemail pin numbers” and “celebrity agents' [voicemail numbers] where you would pick up voicemails left by them”.
He admitted hacking the voicemails of 200 people and listening to about 1,000 voicemails in total.
In a statement, Trinity Mirror “admitted liability to four individuals who had sued MGN for alleged interception of their voicemails many years ago”, before adding: “MGN has apologised to those individuals and agreed to pay compensation. The amount of that compensation will be assessed by the court if it cannot be agreed.”
The original allegations of phone hacking at the News of the World eventually led to a large-scale police investigation that uncovered many victims and led to the newspaper's closure, as well as the trial of some former executives. It also prompted the Leveson inquiry into press standards and regulation.
239
I have a recipe almost identical to this one. For those who had problems or disappointments; This is what you do: Season all sides of chicken pieces(and yes bone in chicken works!!) with salt p...
Blah. For this to taste better, it would need too many changes. Not worth repeating.
CINDY76541 1 20
I have a recipe almost identical to this one. For those who had problems or disappointments; This is what you do: Season all sides of chicken pieces(and yes bone in chicken works!!) with salt p... Read more
caliboo 880 294
After some modifications, we really enjoyed this recipe. The first time I made it, I followed the recipe exactly, and we weren't very fond of it. We thought it was rather greasy and the ranch ... Read more
PITA381 31 14
I make this recipe once a week, combining many of the suggestions of other raters. I use a quick spray of Pam, then put chicken breast tenders in my baking dish, or if I'm cooking for more than... Read more
PTHOMASON 5 4
REALLY GOOD w/ a few changes. Spray w/Pam, not oil . Before I added Cheddar, I layed a slice of Armour Dried Beef(in the small jar). It made for a real boost in taste. Use 1/2 sour cream/Ranch.... Read more
awesome in tummy 649 190
I have always made a recipe similar to this using 4 to 6 boneless skinless chicken breasts. I fry my chicken in a skillet on top of the stove with ranch dressing poured on top. I don't measure an... Read more
TiredMomtoSIX 52 46
This was a very EASY & tasty dish! I took a suggestion from the other reviewers and used a bit of cooking spray to coat the pan rather than olive oil. I also used turkey tenderloins instead of... Read more
AMANDACY 0 28
Good taste and very easy to make. I use low-fat ranch and skim mozarella, otherwise the recipe is LOADED with fat! Read more
ROXANNAW 111 43
I thought that this recipe was pretty good. I think next time I make it I will change it up just a little though. I recommend using pretty small/thin chicken pieces, I used breasts and they were... Read more
What's Shiny, Unprintable And Headed Overseas?
Here's a riddle for you…
When folks sell their electronic-traded-fund (ETF) gold and other electronic bullion, where does it go?
Does the bullion zap away into the nether regions of the internet? Does it move from one clandestine warehouse to another? Maybe it heads to a government coffer?
You may be surprised where one gold research firm thinks the “sold” metal may be heading. Plus, as the layers of the onion fall off, you'll likely be swayed into my line of thinking: now's an important time to get physical in the gold market…
Before we answer our above riddle, let's take a look at some recent, surprising trends in the gold market.
Even though there's been a downturn in the price per ounce, physical demand for gold is gearing up — at an alarming rate.
Here's what is happening, according to a recent report from the World Gold Council:
Mints have uniformly reported being swamped with orders.
Total number of American Eagle coin sales in the month of April were the highest since June 2010 and represented the highest ever dollar value recorded by the mint.
The UK mint reported a tripling of coin sales in April.
The Perth mint reported the highest demand levels in five years and that the mint was working through weekends to satisfy demand.
Premiums in regional markets have been pushed to exceptional levels
In India, consumers have flooded into the market, viewing the lower prices very much as a buying opportunity, with a sudden rise in jewelry sales reported from retailers across the nation.
Japanese jewelers reported a surge of buying […] The top jewelry retailing chains reported up to six-fold increases in volume with buying heavily outweighing selling.
Some refiners report that they continue to work at high levels of capacity to meet demand. There is a lack of recycling at these price points and large bars have been imported to meet shortages. This is particularly true for those refineries supplying Eastern markets.
Transport capacity has also been strained, as the ability of the global supply chain to deliver gold to meet end user demand is limited and difficult to ramp up in a short period of time.
Ha! You can't miss with that many bullets! Indeed, demand for physical metal is on the rise this year. So no matter what you're seeing on your trading screen or hearing from the market sentiment, it turns out physical buyers like bargains and gold is flying off the shelves!
This follows the larger trend we've seen throughout 2013. While ETFs and other investable gold vehicles are shedding their gold (because of outflows from selling), physical buyers are coming out in droves to buy it.
Whether it's individuals who are bargain hunting, or central banks looking to diversify away from the U.S. dollar, the ounces are getting gobbled up at an alarming rate.
It wouldn't be a stretch to say 2013 is the year of “physical fever!”
Fact is, we got a taste of this physical fever a few times this year — which gets us closer to answering the riddle up at the top of this issue.
According to the above-noted report from the World Gold Council, 45% of Indian and Chinese consumers have purchased gold in the last six months (as of May2013.) Holy bullion, Batman! That's up from 29% a year prior, and represents nearly one in every two people!
You think half the consumers in the U.S. could say they bought gold in the past six months? No way! Regardless of what's happening in the west, Asian buyers are making moves on bargain gold.
This report jives with the March bow-wave of purchases from mainland China. Over 223 metric tons of the Midas metal were imported to China (via Hong Kong.) Whether that represents stealthy government purchases or individual buying, it's still a huge number.
And remember, we've also seen plenty of physical fever from legitimate government sources.
Take Germany for example. Earlier this year the Germans made a shocking (but not so shocking when you think about it) announcement. As it turns out, the Germans want to keep tabs on their physical gold stash. Who'da thought!?
“Very Very Strange” In The Physical Gold Market…
In January, Germany announced a plan to repatriate 674 metric tons of its gold holdings from vaults in France and the U.S. — “in case of a currency crisis” they said. Indeed, it seems more and more folks want to have their hands on physical metal.
The Germans keeping close tabs on their $27B treasure (at today's price of $1,250) isn't strange. But here are a few things that are! According to commodity expert Jim Rogers:
What's astonishing to me is that the Germans didn't have their gold in the first place. And what's even more astonishing is the fact that the Americans said, ‘we're not going to let you look at your gold. You cannot come in here and audit it.' And then they said, ‘and it's going to take seven years for you to get your gold.' Something is very, very strange here. I don't have a clue what, but if I were Germany, my goodness, how long does it take to move a few tons of gold from New York to Berlin? I assure you, if they need it done, I could do it next week, if they really wanted it done. So something is very strange, here.
There's a lot to be desired in the transparency of the physical market. As Roger's alludes above you've got to wonder why Germany can't get its gold back in quick order.
We're also seeing a similar trend develop at the world's largest metal repository, the London Metals Exchange.
As Bloomberg reports this week, the wait time for getting several industrial metals has exceeded 100 days in certain locations. Sure, we're talking apples and oranges with industrial and precious metals — but the unifying trend is that physical metal isn't always easy to come by. In some cases the major trading houses fully control who has access to metal along with when/where the metals are distributed.
Tying all the pieces together, even in the face of a market selloff, there's a lot of demand hanging around for physical metal.
In a roundabout way this gets us back to our riddle above.
When folks sell their electronically traded fund (ETF) gold and other electronic bullion, where does it go?
Indeed, it doesn't just disappear into cyber-space, nor does it look to be headed from one secret vault to another. Instead, we're seeing the flow of bullion headed towards two distinct places: savvy central banks are picking up the metal and, more and more, we're seeing the metal flow to buyers in the east.
According to the World Gold Council “It is quite likely that gold previously held in the ETFs will find its way to Asian consumers taking a long-term view on gold.”
“Long-term” is the key word here. This is an unprecedented wave of long-term, physical metal demand from central banks and individual alike.
This metal move, from weak hands to strong, will help to stabilize prices in the long run. Importantly, it may mark one of the last bargain opportunities we'll see in a while.
Keep your boots muddy,
Matt Insley
Original article posted on Daily Resource Hunter
No more dread.
No spike of anxiety when regular couples therapy turns into divorce talk and one partner melts down in front of you.
Positively impact both people's lives by starting where they are emotionally.
Actually enjoy working with couples on the brink of divorce...perhaps for the first time!
Click here to join the wait list.
Your success is important to us!
A cohort model allows us to maximize our energy getting started and then being able to move all our therapists forward with creative trainings + marketing efforts to get the word out.
The Details:
Get instant access to 25 hours of specialized help with a mixed agenda couple.
List yourself on a public directory as a specialist.
Join us for live, interactive learning webinars.
We also pair you with a study buddy (if you like) or offer you a reminder system so you can hold yourself accountable to the self-paced environment.
Get plug and play marketing help for your own website, to help couples see you ARE a great place to go when one partner isn't even sure they want to work on the marriage.
*Advanced marketing tools coming soon as well as our public blogging on Huffington Post Divorce and Psychology Today to lead couples to you.*
Every lesson in our e-learning environment has a Q&A section so you can ask any question directly to Bill while also reading and learning from your colleagues questions. (We have smart therapists with fantastic questions!)
Enter your e-mail address and we'll invite you in to join us (after first learning a LOT more about what we're up to in a three part, educational video series.)
favorite favorite favorite
Hold on to them as long as you can.
I drew this cartoon to celebrate the love and joy of raising a girl. They are precious treasures. Boys too, of course!!
Here's something I wrote several years ago, when my daughter turned 18...
This morning I awoke with the bittersweet knowings in my soul of doors closing and new ones opening. I feel sadness and loss, I feel tears welling up as I type. But I also am running over with such joy and relief. I'm nothing short of an Accomplished Woman. I did it. Don't ask what. Just know, I did it.
I made her a pillow for her birthday. It was going to be a quilt, but instead, it's a big decorative throw pillow for her bed. I've been saving her favorite little shirts and dresses and sleepers ever since she was a baby so that when she turned 18, I'd make a quilt out of them. Over the years as she'd outgrow something, and if it was something colorful and cute and full of warm memories, I'd stuff it in the special bag, usually cutting a fabric square out of it first and tossing the rest. The bag has become fat and full over the years and I've lugged it with me everywhere I go. I never open it. But I had to a few months ago. I opened it up and dumped it out and found myself surrounded by a sea of warm memories of hugs, cuddling, laughing, reading books, stroller rides and playgrounds. It wasn't exactly easy to sew these patches together and create the finished product, but I did it. I've been working on it for the past few weeks. It's the craziest pillow you've ever seen, complete with big hot pink strings of fringe coming off each side. She's going to open it and laugh.
-Amy
- May 15, 2017they grow up so fast!
While the competition makes headlines, Trevor Siemian makes plays. While the competition attracts reporters, Siemian lives in the margins.
He is the Other Guy in the Broncos' quarterback derby. The defending NFL champions return to work Tuesday for organized team activities. Mark Sanchez could be sans brace on his left thumb, as the healing process continues, potentially allowing for snaps under center. Rookie first-round draft pick Paxton Lynch will possess another week of experience in the playbook. And then there is Siemian, who will quietly go about his business.
No one is predicting that Siemian will be the Broncos' starting QB. But his candidacy should not be dismissed out of hand, given his talent and intelligence.
“I think Trevor has maturity to him. He's kind of the sleeper, I would say. Trevor knows the offense. He's very comfortable and can throw the ball too,” coach Gary Kubiak said. “We've also seen him make big plays in the preseason games under the lights. I wouldn't sleep on Trevor to win the job, either.”
Siemian, 23, landed in Denver because of a cruel twist. He suffered a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee Nov. 23, 2014, ending his Northwestern career. His college coach, Pat Fitzgerald, called the results “heartbreaking,” a nod to Siemian's leadership.
The injury left Siemian available to the Broncos in the seventh round of the 2015 draft. Even hobbled, he brought intrigue, impressing Kubiak on film with his play in adverse conditions in Evanston, Ill. Siemian, even on one leg at this time a year ago, dropped jaws with his arm strength. Maybe he can't throw a spiral through a tornado, but he was clocked at 88 mph as a shortstop firing throws across the diamond. That was in high school. He has only become stronger since.
It just goes relatively unnoticed. He was the 250th pick in the draft. To put that in perspective, Tom Brady went 199th in 2000. Not a lot of starters come from this far out, let alone stars. Siemian's focus, however, remains narrow. Punch the clock. Go to work.
“Obviously those two guys are pretty good players,” Siemian said. “Paxton is a really talented guy. He hasn't done a lot yet, but there is a reason he was a first-round pick. He's a big, strong guy — athletic, big arm. Mark knows what he's doing. So we've got a good room. It's going to be really competitive, and I'm excited to be a part of it.”
Siemian played last season. Sort of. He took a knee at the end of the first half against Pittsburgh. What he did last season was become a human sponge.
“I wasn't playing a ton, but I had 18 (Peyton Manning) in the room and I had Brock (Osweiler), so I was learning from those guys,” Siemian said. “At the end of the preseason, you kind of feel like you're getting in a little bit of a rhythm and then you go on ice for a little bit for the year. I'm ready to get back to it and knock a little rust off, but I feel good.”
With Sanchez limited by his thumb injury, Siemian led the first team last week. This is a time to make impressions and build momentum. The depth chart matters but means something only as the Broncos trudge into August.
By then, if Siemian is still in the mix, everyone will notice. Until that point, he is fine working in the shadows.
“I feel great,” Siemian said. “I feel really confident at this point. Last year at this time, I had the knee (injury) and was swimming a little bit in the playbook. I'm light years ahead of where I was last year. I still have a lot of work to do, but I feel pretty confident.”
BOSTON -- Now the Celtics are losing at home, too.
The defending NBA champions dropped their sixth game in eight tries Wednesday night, falling to the Houston Rockets 89-85 on Von Wafer's go-ahead 3-pointer with 44 seconds left. It was the Celtics' first loss in Boston since a Nov. 14 defeat to Denver sent them on a 19-game winning streak.
"In our last timeout, you could see it in our guys' eyes. Like, 'Shoot, we're going to lose this home game,'" Celtics coach Doc Rivers said. "It bothered them. You could see that. And I was thinking 'That's a good thing.'"
Yao Ming had 26 points and eight rebounds, clinching it on a putback with 12.9 seconds left to help the Rockets snap a three-game losing streak and a five-game road skid.
"Yao is unstoppable," said Rockets forward Ron Artest, who scored 17 points playing most of the game in foul trouble. "Then, when you have shooter surrounding him, it's hard to guard him. He shot right over the top. When he's playing like that, we're going to be tough to beat."
Paul Pierce scored 26 points, and Kevin Garnett had 18 and eight rebounds for the Celtics, who opened the defense of their 17th NBA title with victories in 27 of their first 29 games. But talk of running away with another championship has disappeared as the people in Boston -- and the rest of the league -- wonder what's happened.
"Nobody said it was going to be easy. I know, at times, we do make it look easy," Garnett said. "We are a very, very confident team. ... I feel we have the mindset to weather the storm."
Wafer, starting in place of Tracy McGrady, had 12 points on 4-for-10 shooting. But he squared up for the open 3 when Aaron Brooks regained control of his dribble and made the pass into the corner.
McGrady had missed one game with a sore left knee before returning against Philadelphia on Tuesday night and struggling in the second half. Brooks came off the bench with 19 points for the Rockets, who avoided a second straight season sweep by Boston.
"Aaron Brooks made big shots in the fourth quarter," Yao said. " This is a big win for us, because we have a lot of respect for the Celtics."
Glen Davis scored a season-high 12 for the Celtics.
Houston led 62-55 early in the second half when Garnett scored on the fast break and then hit a jumper to cut it to three points. The Rockets managed just a pair of baskets, by Artest and Chuck Hayes, over the next 4 minutes while Pierce made six straight free throws and hit a 3-pointer to give Boston a 68-66 lead with 3:49 left in the third.
But Boston scored just 11 points in the fourth quarter, getting just two baskets in the first 9:17 -- both by Gabe Pruitt.
Houston led 83-81 when Artest fouled out with 3:14 left. Pierce pointed him tauntingly to the sideline, while Celtics owner Wyc Grousbeck stood at his courtside seat and waved goodbye.
Pierce made a jumper to tie, it then Yao missed one of two free throws and Garnett hit Rajon Rondo for a layup that gave Boston an 85-84 lead with 1:34 to play. Garnett blocked Brooks and came down with the rebound, but Boston couldn't score and after Brooks nearly lost the ball, he chased it down and dished it to Brooks for the 3.
Pierce missed a jumper and Brooks grabbed the rebound over Rondo. After Carl Landry missed from in close, Yao put it in to make it 89-85.
Game notes
Garnett moved into 26th place on the NBA's career scoring list, passing Walt Bellamy (20,941). ... The Celtics are 18-2 at home and 11-6 on the road.
KATHMANDU (Reuters) - Rescuers recovered the body of one mountain guide on Saturday after an ice avalanche swept the lower slopes of Mount Everest, bringing the death toll to at least 13 in the deadliest accident on the world's highest mountain.
The avalanche struck a perilous passage called the Khumbu Icefall, which is riddled with crevasses and piled with serac - or huge chunks of ice - that can break free without warning.
“We were tied on a rope and carrying gas to camp when there was a sudden hrrrr sound,” said Ang Kami Sherpa, 25, one of at least three survivors flown by helicopter to Kathmandu. “We knew it was an avalanche but we couldn't run away or do anything.
“There was a big chunk of snow that fell over us and swept us away. It looked like clouds, all white,” he said in a hospital intensive care unit where he was being treated for a blood clot on his leg and facial injuries.
Climbers declared a four-day halt to efforts to scale the 8,848-metre (29,029-ft) summit and, while some decided to abandon their mission, others said they would go ahead after talking to their guides. All of the victims were sherpa mountain guides.
“Everyone is shaken here at Base Camp. Some climbers are packing up and calling it quits, they want nothing to do with this,” Tim Rippel of Peak Freaks Expeditions wrote in a blog.
Shocked relatives wondered how they would cope without the men who take huge risks to earn up to $5,000 for a two-month expedition - around 10 times average annual pay in Nepal.
“He was the only breadwinner in the family,” said 17-year-old Phinjum Sherpa, as she waited for the body of her uncle, Tenji Sherpa, at a Buddhist monastery in Kathmandu. “We have no one to take care of us.”
Although relatively low on the mountain, climbers say the icefall is one of the most dangerous places on Mount Everest. There are, however, no safer paths along the famous South Col route scaled by Sir Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay in 1953.
Around 100 climbers and guides had already passed beyond the Khumbu Icefall to prepare their attempts on the summit. They are safe, but a new path will have to be made to make it possible to continue the expeditions.
Rippel's sherpas had lucky escapes - two returned to base camp five minutes before the avalanche hit, while two were briefly trapped above the avalanche but managed to make their way down, he wrote.
Doctors expecting the arrival of the victims of a Mount Everest avalanche standby near the helipad at Grandi International Hospital in Kathmandu April 18, 2014. REUTERS/Navesh Chitrakar
Officials said that one body had been recovered in Saturday's rescue effort, leaving three sherpas still missing.
ICE RELEASE
The fatal incident was the result, some climbers said, of a so-called ice release and not a more typical snow avalanche.
“When the serac hovering off the West Shoulder of Everest collapsed, it sent house-sized ice blocks all over the route,” Alan Arnette, a climber and motivational speaker, wrote in an updated blog post from Base Camp.
“With hanging ice, it may stay there for decades or fall tomorrow - there is no way of knowing or predicting.”
Sherpas often make 20-25 round trips to carry kit and supplies to advanced camps, exposing them to greater risk. The most endangered are the so-called Icefall Doctors - a team that maintains and fixes the route.
“It's always the most dangerous part of the mountain to climb, because the ice is constantly moving, there are so many crevasses and seracs where you need to use ladders and ropes to get through the very technical terrain,” Californian climber Adrian Ballinger, of Alpenglow Expeditions, told Reuters.
DEATH RISK
It was first major avalanche of this year's climbing season on Everest, which has been scaled by more than 4,000 climbers.
Some 250 mountaineers have died on the mountain, which is on the border between Nepal and the Chinese region of Tibet and can be climbed from both sides in a season that is cut short in late May by rainy-season clouds cloaking the Himalayas.
Expedition leaders reported that there was anger among some guides after the government announced immediate payments of $400 to the victims' families to cover funeral costs. Dependents of guides killed in the past said compensation did not nearly cover loss of income from the main family breadwinner.
Slideshow (5 Images)
“The government doesn't do anything for the welfare of sherpas,” said Chhechi Sherpa, a sister of 37-year-old Ang Kaji Sherpa, who was killed on Friday and leaves elderly parents and a family with six children.
“It makes good money from tourists and climbers but doesn't care about the sherpas who struggle to support their families. The government must look after the kids and old parents of those sherpas who died in the avalanche.”
The government has issued permits to 334 foreign climbers this season, up from 328 for all of last year. An equal number of guides also climb to help the foreign mountaineers.
"The U.D.I. Song" is a Rhodesian folk song written in 1966 by Northern Rhodesian-born John Edmond[1] and first performed by South African Nick Taylor.[2] It was later re-released performed by Edmond himself. The song was written as a commemoration of Southern Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence as Rhodesia from the British Empire. The song upon release initially spent four weeks at number 1 on the Rhodesian music charts.[3][4] It was then re-released in 1976 by Edmond, where it got to number 6.[5]
History [ edit ]
The song was written by Edmond shortly after Rhodesia had declared unilateral independence from the British Empire.[6] It referenced the calls in the international community of Rhodesians being referred to as "rebels" and "rogues" but also mentioned that Southern Rhodesia was founded by Englishman Cecil Rhodes.[4] The song proved popular in Salisbury and on the first anniversary of UDI, "The U.D.I. Song" reached the top of the Rhodesian music charts and remained there for four weeks owing to support for the Prime Minister of Rhodesia, Ian Smith's actions.[7][4] Copies of the record were sent to the United States as well as to British pirate radio stations broadcasting to the United Kingdom from offshore.[2]
Rhodesian flag
The song received a resurgence of popularity during the Rhodesian Bush War, when Rhodesian patriotic and folk songs received the same.[1] Edmond re-released "The U.D.I. Song" performing it himself in 1976 as a B-side for "Wish I Was A Blue Job". This time the record didn't reach the same heights as previously, but still reached a peak of number 6 in the Rhodesian charts.[5] The song later became popular with the Rhodesian diaspora following the country's reconstitution as Zimbabwe.[8] In 2006, Edmond included "The U.D.I. Song" in his 50th anniversary album Troopiesongs - complete, 50th Anniversary Edition.[9]
I came to reading late. I collected Animorphs and Goosebumps as a kid, but I never got really into reading until I was sixteen. My father was a voracious reader; our house was always full of John Grisham thrillers, Tom Clancy spy novels, Rex Stout mysteries, all kinds of stuff. When I started reading, really reading, I started where I imagine a lot of young readers start—Stephen King.
I count the Dark Tower novels among the most important books I have ever read. I won't say best, at least not anymore (sixteen year-old me would have said Hell yea, best books ever), but I found them at a very formative time in my reading life. In those pages (and pages, and pages) I had my first experience with a fantasy epic, my first opportunity to follow characters across a span of books. I was deeply invested in them. I loved them. I cried at the end of Wizard and Glass. All things indeed served the Beam.
For better or for worse, Stephen King finished The Dark Tower in 2004. Roland's quest colored everything else I read for years after that—I kept waiting for a story to grab me, to make me care, to make be feel as much as those books did. But, like the fractured world the stories are set in, I moved on. I found new loves, new stories and series that held my attention, gained my love and admiration. Time and reflection soured my feelings on the series, especially the divisive final three books. With the exception of the recently released Marvel comics (less said about those the better) and several of the related works in King's oeuvre, I had not read a Dark Tower story in almost seven years.
That is, until two weeks ago, when King released The Wind Through the Keyhole. The novel, chronologically positioned at what many fans consider the tipping point in terms of the series' quality, reunited me with a cast of characters I had not expected to see again. Suddenly, after seven years away, I was back with Roland, Eddie, Susannah, Jake, and Oy. All the time I had been away, they had been there, on some level of the Tower, still carrying out the quest that saw completion in the final book. To slip back into that world was in itself exhilarating. Everything was as I had left it—Roland with his grim stoicism and his abbreviated hand; Eddie with his good-natured wise cracks; Susannah with her strange dualism and deep affection; Jake, frustrated on the edge of manhood; Oy and his gold-ringed, intelligent eyes. They were still very much alive in my imagination.
Keyhole occupies a strange borderland. Following the publication of the series' fourth volume, Wizard and Glass, in 1997 many fans wondered if King would ever finish the series, the scope of which seemed to be ballooning. King's much-publicized accident in 1999 exacerbated these fears. However, in 2003, with one final push, King wrote and published the final three volumes. The story of Keyhole takes place before those final three novels. Following Glass, the series became freighted with crude attempts at meta-fiction, an increasing reliance on extra-textual influences and commentary, and a slackening of narrative urgency. The series sort of collapsed under its own weight. It's a disorienting place to put a new story, and reading it was sort of like looking into a hall of mirrors—here is a book that at once tries to recreate and revisit what made the first books so magical, while also needing to acknowledge and be beholden to some of the problematic decisions made in the later books.
Keyhole is a novel of and about stories. There are three nested tales in this slim book and, as with Wizard and Glass, the primary narrative is related by way of a night-long oral telling by Roland. At the novel's beginning, the ka-tet seeks shelter from a freak storm (called a starkblast) in an abandoned meetinghouse. There, to pass the time, Roland tells a story that takes place after the events related in Glass, his ill-fated trip to Mejis. He and his friend Jamie DeCurry are sent to the mining town of Debaria by Steven Deschain to hunt down a skin-man, a monstrous shape-shifter who has killed dozens of livestock and people, terrorizing the community.
This level of the story gives us another fascinating glimpse at the Mid-World that collapsed. This world has not yet moved on—Gilead remains the seat of power. But, through Roland's eyes, we see the edges of that world starting to fray. We hear whispers of John Farson, the Good Man, rallying support. Gabrielle Deschain, Roland's mother, is dead. Steven, the stalwart leader of the gunslingers, is simultaneously mourning his wife and trying to keep the kingdom from collapsing around him. This story is a perfect companion to Wizard and Glass—we see a teenage Roland, still burdened by the terrible events that befell him and his ka-tet in Mejis, struggling, perhaps prematurely, to become a man.
However, while Glass told us the story of Roland's greatest love and greatest loss, there doesn't seem to be as much occasion for this telling. The skin-man story is a tale told to pass the time until the starkblast blows over—real character revelation is minimal. Even so, I was more than willing to learn more about Roland's enigmatic younger days.
While on the hunt for the skin-man, Roland tells a young boy named Bill a story from the Book of Eld, from which Roland's mother used to read. This story, “The Wind Through the Keyhole,” gives the novel its title and takes up over half of its page length. It recounts the story of Tim Ross, a young boy from a time long ago who goes on a quest into the Endless Forest to restore his abused mother's sight.
This section often frustrated me. I love hearing about young Roland—Wizard and Glass is by far my favorite of the novels. But here, for 150 pages, we get a fairy tale story that, while it does flesh out a few elements of the lore of Mid-World, doesn't do much to increase our understanding of the events of the Dark Tower series.
More, “The Wind Through the Keyhole” never rang true for me as a plausible tale that Roland's mother would have told. There's an omniscience and authority to the narrator's voice, one that gives insights that I didn't buy that teenage Roland would have nor that Gabrielle Deschain would relate to a child. The tale is gruesome, violent, and not just in terms of physical action. Spousal abuse, taxation, marriage laws, child abuse, and abandonment all play into the story. And I don't want to make it sound like the story is not interesting, because it is. It's well-crafted, tightly written, with a classic quest and a satisfying (and bloody) resolution. But turns of phrase and certain commentaries on the events made me wonder where Gabrielle Deschain's telling ended and young Roland's voice began, and also where old Roland's voice ended and where King's began.
Ultimately, the pitfall of writing a novel that takes place during the main action of a completed series is that Keyhole doesn't serve much of a purpose within the larger arc of the Dark Tower series. The only other side story, “The Little Sisters of Eluria,” was published several years before the series' concluding volumes. By the time we get Keyhole, all of the major plot developments and character revelations have already happened—all narrative threads and loose ends have been tied up.
King has said that Keyhole should be shelved between Wizard and Glass and Wolves of the Calla. Other reviewers have suggested that Keyhole forms a necessary bridge between the two major arcs of the series. However, I can't imagine reading this within the cycle of novels. As an entry in the Dark Tower series, I don't think Keyhole is satisfying or, really, necessary. However, I think if we look at Keyhole as a supplemental story, something on the order of The Tales of Beedle the Bard in the Harry Potter series, it finds more value. Readers expecting new developments and a true Dark Tower 4.5 will have found those expectations frustrated. However, as a coda to a remarkable but flawed series and a welcome extra glimpse back into the world that we all assumed that King had closed off years ago, Keyhole is a treat.
My love for The Dark Tower has diminished over time, but Keyhole reminded me how wonderful the setting was, how much I cared about the characters, and returned me, for at least awhile, to my sixteen year old self, who stayed up late into the night to finish book seven, absolutely sure that I would never read anything so good ever again.
At the same time, it reminded me about my later frustrations with the series and refreshed my disappointment about what this series (which was at times so, so good) could have been.
The Wind Through the Keyhole is available in trade hardcover from Scribner. Special limited editions were published by Donald M. Grant.
I give The Wind Through the Keyhole three pieces of lasagna out of five.
Advertisements
CRANSTON, R.I. — If you're hoping that your next Rhode Island driver's license photo will finally be the glamorous close up you've always envisioned, think again.
New facial recognition software being used by the Department of Motor Vehicles is making the eternal quest for a flattering driver's license photo a pipe dream.
So wipe that smile off your face, tuck your hair behind your ears, and don't even think about a coy tilt of the head. This photo will not be your next Facebook profile picture.
That's what 16-year-old Rose Callanan found out when she got her photo taken at the Cranston DMV Thursday. It took at least three tries before the Providence teen took a photo that passed DMV standards.
Callanan's offense: Her hair kept falling too close to her eyebrows.
What's up with the new rules?
Paul Grimaldi, a spokesman for the DMV, said an "upgrade" to the agency's cameras in the summer of 2016 as the state began issuing new driver's licenses also resulted in upgrades to the state's "facial recognition program." It's all part of a push to improve ID security.
Callanan was at the DMV to get a photo taken for a Rhode Island ID needed to take the SATs. The same photo rules apply to state ID cards and licenses.
Signs posted around DMV cubicles in Cranston remind customers that "Everyone must take a new photo."
A copy of the new photo guidelines developed by the state's vendor, MorphoTrust USA, states that images must now meet the following standards: "shoulders must be square to the camera; facial expression is neutral; the mouth is closed; the eyes are wide open (normally), hair must not cover the eyes or brow; remove all head covers and glasses."
Additionally: "The face must be viewed in a frontal position with no more than 15 degrees of tilt [and] the entire face region must be inside the image."
In some cases, even makeup could be problematic. Grimaldi said heavy makeup could potentially interfere with facial recognition technology.
"You will be unsurprised to learn that there has been a push nationally among motor vehicle and law enforcement agencies to improve credentialing systems as a way to deter fraud, identity theft and crime," Grimaldi said.
"National standards developed in recent years [require] that certain features be easily discernible. For example, eyebrows, ears and chins must be unobstructed. Eyeglasses must be removed."
But there are exemptions for religious items, such as headdresses, Grimaldi said.
The state has been tightening up its driver's license security to comply with the federal Real ID Act passed in 2005 to thwart the use of fake IDs by terrorists. States that don't comply with the stricter standards to prevent counterfeiting could eventually see their licenses not accepted for boarding airplanes.
Rhode Island is among the states operating under a waiver until October. DMV officials said it's "premature to say what course of action the state will take come the fall in regards to Real ID compliance." The new photo guidelines are part of the compliance process.
The newest generation of drivers, of course, doesn't pick up on the difference in the new standards.
Jacob Smith, 18, of North Smithfield was at the Cranston DMV Thursday to get a photo for his driver's permit. An employee told him to take off his glasses and look at the camera without smiling.
When asked if he thought the directive was strange, he said, "no" with a shrug.
jbogdan@providencejournal.com
(401) 277-7493
On Twitter: @JenniferBogdan
Imagine the government taking away your two children in a hearing that lasts less than 60 seconds.
Madonna Pappan and her husband, members of the Oglala Sioux Tribe in South Dakota, don't have to imagine it, because it happened to them . And they're not alone: An American Indian child in South Dakota is 11 times more likely to be sent to foster care than a non-Indian child.
Imagine receiving a life sentence without the possibility of parole for serving as a go-between in the sale of two small $5 bags of marijuana. That's exactly what happened to Fate Vincent Winslow, an African American homeless man who says that he accepted the offer of an undercover police officer for a $5 commission in order to earn some money to get something to eat. Mr. Winslow is now serving a life sentence, without the possibility of parole, in Louisiana for this and his other prior non-violent crimes. In that state, African Americans are serving life without parole sentences for nonviolent crimes at approximately 23 times the rate of whites. Nationwide, an estimated 65.4 percent of the prisoners serving such sentences are African American.
These are but two examples of the widespread racial disparities that continue to exist in the United States, and which result in serious and pervasive human rights violations in a wide range of areas, from racial profiling to voting rights.
Next month, the U.S. record on eliminating racial discrimination will fall under international scrutiny. On August 13 and 15 in Geneva, the United States will undergo a review of its compliance with the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (ICERD), the most important anti-discrimination legal instrument in the world, which the United States ratified in 1994.
At the review, a high level U.S. government delegation will officially present a report submitted by the United States in June 2013 on its ICERD compliance, and answer questions on progress made and challenges remaining towards implementation of the treaty. Following this examination, the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination will issue a report on its findings, identifying major areas of concern and incorporating recommendations on how the U.S. government might better implement the treaty.
To help inform the review, the ACLU submitted a report today to the U.N. committee, highlighting several examples of pervasive and institutionalized discrimination in the United States. It addresses the following issues:
While the U.S. report acknowledges that racial discrimination persists, it fails to provide a full picture of the state of discrimination and inequality. Nor does it address the pressing need for a national plan of action to end all forms of racial discrimination , the likes of which many other countries have already created.
It's been 50 years since the passage of the Civil Rights Act, and 20 since the ratification of the ICERD. In many respects, we've come a long way. But we're not finished. Let's hope the Obama administration views the upcoming review as an opportunity to move us forward.
The Arkansas school board member whose homophobic rants on Facebook drew widespread condemnation announced he was resigning on Thursday's "AC360."
Anderson Cooper told viewers that Clint McCance, a member of the Midland School District board in Arkansas, contacted him to set up an interview after his anti-gay Facebook posts sparked a wave of outrage.
The posts, which emerged on Wednesday, were written in response to the "Wear Purple Day" that was launched to show solidarity with gay youth in the wake of a recent string of suicides. In one post, McCance protested the idea behind the initiative.
"They want me to wear purple because five queers committed suicide," he wrote. "The only way I'm wearing for them is if they all commit suicide. I can't believe the people of this world have gotten this stupid.
In another post, he wrote, "it pisses me off, though, that we make special purple fag day for them. I like that fags can't procreate. I also enjoy that they often give each other AIDS and die...I would disown my kids they were gay. They will not be welcome at my home or in my vicinity. I will absolutely run them off."
During McCance's appearance on his show, Cooper confronted him about the extreme anti-gay sentiments he expressed.
"You have written some really terrible things," he told McCance. "Do you really hate gay people that much, that you like to see them die?"
WATCH:
McCance, who said he was ashamed and embarrassed by his actions, told Cooper that "I would never support suicide of any kids. I don't support bullying of any kids."
"What do you feel like you're apologizing for, exactly?" Cooper asked him.
"It was over the top, Anderson," McCance replied. "It was -- I -- I just went too far with it."
That explanation, however, did not seem to be enough for Cooper, who pressed McCance further.
"But, I mean, do you have any idea of the... pain and fear you have caused to kids maybe even in your own district who are being bullied or who are gay or who don't feel safe telling anyone that they're gay?" he asked him.
McCance said that the situation Cooper was describing was a "what-if."
Then, Cooper got McCance to announce his resignation from the school board. McCance said that he did not want to be a distraction to the board, adding that, "if they decide later, you know, a year, five years, 10 years from now to vote me back in, if my constituents want that, then -- then I will run again."
Republican presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney makes comments on the killing of U.S. embassy officials in Benghazi, Libya, while speaking in Jacksonville, Fla., Wednesday, Sept. 12, 2012. (AP Photo/Charles Dharapak)
WASHINGTON -- On Wednesday morning, hours after the deaths of four U.S. diplomats, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya, Mitt Romney put his campaign on the line by attacking President Barack Obama and the besieged diplomats in the Middle East.
Romney, in a statement released Tuesday night, had called the president's handling of the Libya and Egypt attacks "disgraceful." Wednesday morning, Romney hastily scrapped a campaign rally in Jacksonville, Fla., dismantling a campaign stage, and instead held a small press conference in which he repeatedly defended his criticism of the administration, slamming embassy officials in Cairo and President Obama. "When our grounds are being attacked, and being breached, that the first response of the United States must be outrage at the breach of the sovereignty of our nation. And apology for America's values is never the right course," he said, slamming the Obama administration for "sympathiz[ing] with those who waged the attacks."
The attacks at the consulate in Libya, and a separate incident at the U.S. embassy in Cairo, came on a day of violence and anger over rumors of an anti-Islamic film scheduled for released in the United States and circulated on the Internet.
Romney's assault on Obama was rare among Republicans. Sarah Palin and Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus joined him in condemning the president, but no other significant GOP leader thought it prudent to immediately single out the president for criticism. House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio), House Majority Leader Eric Cantor (R-Va.) and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) all put out statements on the crisis, none attacking Obama.
A host of Republican foreign policy officials were quick to blast the "utter disaster" that was Romney's response.
Romney's reference to an "apology for America's values" was directed at a statement the U.S. Embassy in Cairo put out on Tuesday morning, but that statement, which was itself responding to the outrage over the anti-Islamic film, was issued before the embassy was attacked, despite Romney's statement to the contrary. What's more, the statement does not apologize for America's values, but rather supports a founding American value, religious tolerance, while referencing the "universal right of free speech." The statement in full:
The Embassy of the United States in Cairo condemns the continuing efforts by misguided individuals to hurt the religious feelings of Muslims -- as we condemn efforts to offend believers of all religions. Today, the 11th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, Americans are honoring our patriots and those who serve our nation as the fitting response to the enemies of democracy. Respect for religious beliefs is a cornerstone of American democracy. We firmly reject the actions by those who abuse the universal right of free speech to hurt the religious beliefs of others.
Romney's rash condemnation of the president, released after it was known that there had been U.S. fatalities, calls to mind Sen. John McCain's snap decision in 2008 to suspend his presidential campaign to deal with the financial crisis. The move was judged deeply unpresidential and contributed to his defeat.
After the Cairo embassy's initial statement, as a mob protest outside the embassy heated up, even entering the compound, and commentators in the U.S. suggested the embassy condemn the protesters, the embassy responded through its Twitter feed: "Of course we condemn breaches of our compound, we're the ones actually living through this."
The embassy added: "Sorry, but neither breaches of our compound nor angry messages will dissuade us from defending freedom of speech AND criticizing bigotry."
The diplomats in Cairo survived the assault on their embassy. When the protests spread to Libya, diplomats there weren't so lucky: Four U.S. State Department officials, including Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens, were killed in an hourslong assault. Romney responded by attacking the diplomats in Cairo.
"The embassy in Cairo put out a statement after their grounds had been breached, protesters were inside the grounds," said Romney at his press conference. "They reiterated that statement after the breach. I think it's a -- a terrible course for America to stand in apology for our values."
Did Romney expect the Cairo diplomats to retract their defense of religious tolerance in the face of the attack? Or did Romney expect the Obama administration to denounce the diplomats who were under siege?
"It's their administration," said Romney, referring to the embassy in Cairo. "Their administration spoke. The president takes responsibility not just for the words that come from his mouth but also from the words of his ambassadors, from his administration, from his embassies, from his State Department. They clearly sent mixed messages to the world. The statement that came from the administration -- and the embassy is the administration -- the statement that came from the administration was a statement which is akin to apology. And I think was a severe miscalculation."
Reporters in Washington have been as quick to condemn Romney as he was to condemn Obama and the embassy officials. "Unless Mitt has gamed crisis out in some manner completely invisible to Gang of 500, doubling down=most craven+ill-advised move of '12," Time's Mark Halperin tweeted, referring to the Beltway establishment.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and President Obama, meanwhile, struck a somber and emotional tone, offering remembrances for the American diplomats who lost their lives in the violence.
In an appearance in the Rose Garden on Wednesday, flanked by Clinton, the president spoke about the events the night before, pledging that the incidents would "not break the bonds between the United States and Libya."
"We reject all efforts to denigrate the religious beliefs of others," Obama said, referencing the anti-Islamic video, "but there is no justification for this kind of violence. None."
Libyan security workers had helped bring other American diplomats to safety during the crisis, Obama noted, and had transported the ambassador to the hospital.
"It is especially tragic that Chris Stevens died in Benghazi because it's a city he helped to save at the height of the Libyan revolution," Obama said.
Earlier in the morning at the State Department, a shaken Clinton talked about Stevens and the other diplomats who had been killed and strongly denounced the attacks at the outpost in Libya.
"This is an attack that should shock the conscience of people of all faiths around the world," she said. "We condemn in the strongest terms this senseless act of violence."
With her eyes occasionally watering, Clinton spoke at length about Ambassador Stevens, whom she knew well and whom she had personally dispatched to Libya at the beginning to the uprising against Muammar Gaddafi, to be the American attache to the rebel leadership.
"He arrived on a cargo ship in the port of Benghazi and began building our relationship with the Libyan revolutionaries," she said. "He risked his life to stop a tyrant, then gave his life trying to help build a better Libya. The world needs more Chris Stevenses."
Clinton too pledged to maintain America's relationship with Libya, although she conceded that events like those on Tuesday challenged even her certainty.
The holidays are behind us, and that means one thing – dreams of sugarplums dancing in our heads have turned to nightmares of cellulite chasing our posteriors. Because even the best eater is going to sample a homemade white chocolate chip mocha cookie when it's offered piping hot from the stove, right? (This is me, raising my hand.) And the best eater might even have another cookie – or six. Who's to say?
And besides all the awesome baked goods we may or may not have consumed over the holidays, there are also the quick dinners we might have grabbed between shopping and wrapping and generally trying not to go insane. And maybe, just maybe, this food arrived to you through a drive through window with grease seeping through its paper bag – a paper bag you later threw away in an anonymous dumpster on the side of the road. Perhaps?
But not to worry! We've got a quick guide to a quick way to burn off the bad stuff. Every wonder how many crunches it takes to burn off a Big Mac from McDonald's? Or how many miles you have to run to burn off a large French fries from Wendy's?
First, everyone burns calories in a different way. In other words, a 120 pound woman with 17% body fat isn't going to burn the same amount of calories as a 250 pound man with 30% body fat. It all varies according to weight, size and metabolism. So for the purposes of this article, we figured in statistics for the average sized American woman – which is 5'4″, 140 pounds, and a size 14.
Here's a look at our average Jane eating our favorite fast food wonders, and how she pays for them. (Not that we green Janes ever eat fast food…)
Burger King Bacon Double Cheeseburger
620 calories and 28 grams of fat. Get out your bathing suit and hop in the pool for some swimming. Like the back stroke? You'll just have to swim 2.18 hours of the back stroke to burn off the 620 calories. We suggest a wetsuit and nose plugs.
McDonald's Chicken McNuggets
Six pieces have 290 calories and 17 grams of fat. Sounds like a lot, right? Easy enough to fix: a few hours of vigorous sex will burn that off! Just 9.06 hours in bed will take care of those six McNuggets. Up for it?
Thirsty? Before you reach for a Starbuck's Mocha, Low Fat Milk, Venti, here's a thought.
At 446 calories and 20 grams of fat, you can burn that all off with just one simple exercise. Consider climbing some hills for just one hour – while carrying a 21-42 pound load. That's about a bushel of apples. We suggest not eating one on the way up – one Red Delicious apple will add 127 calories to your count.
Want a Chocolate Softie from Wendy's?
One large Frosty Dairy Dessert in Chocolate from Wendy's is 540 calories and 91 grams of fat. Participating in one hour of your place of worship – i.e. kneeling, walking, and praying – will burn 32 calories. You just have to marathon it by completing 16.8 straight hours at church.
Carl's Jr Bacon Swiss Crispy Chicken Sandwich
690 calories and 36 grams of fat. Like working on your home? Just 2.17 hours of roofing will burn off your crispy sandwich. If that's not motivation to get your home in order, I don't know what is.
IHOP Pancakes with Syrup
110 calories and 3 grams of fat per dessert pancake, and 230 calories and 58 grams of fat per two ounces of syrup. So if you layer up the pancakes, you're looking at about 790 calories. But no worries. If you bicycle like a rabid hamster – or, roughly 20 mph – you can burn it off in 45 minutes. And possibly win the Tour De France. Look out, Lance Armstrong!
CORRECTION:
Note: please excuse our inadvertent errors and typos. IHOP syrup has 58 grams of carbs, not fat. A large Wendy's shake has 13g of fat.
Further reading: Calorie Counts frequently off for fast food
Images: mikebaird, thefoodpornographer, milkintheclock, lyberty, foodfacts, mooshee85, foodbeast
Part of the astronaut experience is seeing the planet transform from day to night in ways that earth-bound people rarely see. A crew member aboard the International Space Station took this photograph of the northern Mediterranean Sea and some coastal Italian towns and islands.
The reflection of the Moon on the sea surface—moonglint—reveals highly complex patterns. The strongest reflection is near the center of the Moon's disc, which brightens the water around the island of Elba. In these complex patterns, the dark areas of the sea surface can sometimes make islands (such as Montecristo and Pianosa) harder to see. (A similar phenomenon happens in the daylight, as shown in sunglint images of lakes in Brazil and aquaculture in the Nile Delta.)
The reflection off sea surfaces captures many different natural processes, but also some made by humans. North of Elba, waves trailing behind ships make the classic V-shaped pattern. The meandering line coming off Montecristo Island is an “island wake,” a result of alternating vortices of wind that develop on the downwind side of the island. This wake is the strongest evidence that a northeast wind was blowing (right to left in this image) on the night of the photo. A shorter, meandering wind pattern is being shed off Punta Ala on the mainland. Smoother surfaces, protected from wind, are usually brighter because they are better mirror for moonlight.
The sea surface also displays numerous tight swirls known as gyres. The broad swath of parallel lines (image top left) are probably part of the larger circulation of the sea, which usually experiences north-flowing currents around Elba. An animation of the larger swirls of the Mediterranean can be seen here.
Astronaut photograph ISS037-E-15305 was acquired on October 17, 2013, with a Nikon D3S digital camera using a 180 millimeter lens, and is provided by the ISS Crew Earth Observations Facility and the Earth Science and Remote Sensing Unit, Johnson Space Center. The image was taken by a member of the Expedition 37 crew. The image has been cropped and enhanced to improve contrast, and lens artifacts have been removed. The International Space Station Program supports the laboratory as part of the ISS National Lab to help astronauts take pictures of Earth that will be of the greatest value to scientists and the public, and to make those images freely available on the Internet. Additional images taken by astronauts and cosmonauts can be viewed at the NASA/JSC Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth. Caption by M. Justin Wilkinson, Texas State U., Jacobs Contract at NASA-JSC.
Last Tuesday night, the Cavaliers and Celtics made official – but not complete – their trade of Kyrie Irving for Isaiah Thomas, Jae Crowder, Ante Zizic and the Nets' 2018 first-round pick. On the trade call, the teams presumably set schedules for physicals and ruling on them.
With Thomas' hip causing concern in Cleveland, that schedule is suddenly of the utmost importance.
Now, we have an idea on timing.
Joe Vardon of Cleveland.com:
A Cavs source said the two sides need to reach a conclusion by Wednesday evening or mutually agree to extend the deadline. Though the Cavs could void the trade based on Thomas' injury, sources still expect a deal to get done.
The teams could easily delay the deadline, but if the Celtics are truly drawing a line in the sand with Jayson Tatum, Jaylen Brown or any other first-round pick, they could stick to Wednesday evening. Of course, that might be more of the posturing we've seen from both sides.
If it comes to it, the Cavs could always void the trade and still negotiate with Boston on a revised deal. But who's to say the Celtics would even leave the original offer on the table?
Wednesday is a soft deadline, but a deadline nonetheless. Those are always helpful in finding resolution, though obviously not as much as hard deadlines.
CLOSE Insurance broker Jonathan Katz of Virginia Medical Plans speaks with USA TODAY healthcare reporter Jayne O'Donnell about some the problems facing those enrolling for Obamacare. USA TODAY
Padma Obla, with husband Shyam and 5-year-old son Amirthyog, has been without health insurance for more than four months after being abruptly dropped from the family policy. (Photo: Family photo)
WASHINGTON — For thousands of consumers, proving they are legal U.S. residents so they can keep their Obamacare plans can be a bigger health care challenge than affording them.
Documentation issues over immigration or citizenship status ensnared more than a half million people who bought plans on HealthCare.gov last year. Health and Human Services Secretary Sylvia Burwell noted 85% fewer people had their plans terminated for these "data matching" issues for the first three months of 2016 — the most recent information available — than the first quarter of 2015.
That's 17,000 people in the first quarter of this year compared with 117,000 people in early 2015.
"If you have a data issue and you're not well, you're going to work hard to get it resolved," Burwell told reporters recently. But if you're healthy and struggling to find the forms needed to satisfy federal regulators, you're more likely to give up, she said.
For those trying to find the correct forms to show they're legal residents, the challenges are daunting and can mean the difference between having insurance or going without it.
Padma Obla of South Riding, Va., has been without health insurance for more than four months since she was abruptly dropped from a family plan that also covered her husband, Shyam, and their 5-year-old son, Amirthyog. After Shyam threatened to call the couple's U.S. senator, a supervisor at the HealthCare.gov call center discovered the problem was because Priya's Social Security card had her maiden name while her passport had her married name.
A new Social Security card with the right name was uploaded Wednesday, but it's unclear how long it will take for HealthCare.gov to verify it and for Padma to get insurance coverage again.
"The employees who take the calls should know exactly why it got terminated," says Shyam Obla. "Luckily she didn't get sick."
Shyam, who works in IT, moved here from India and Padma came in 1999, the year they were married. They became citizens in 2009.
Federal officials "never quite got it right for immigrant families," says Angel Padilla, a health policy analyst with the National Immigration Law Center. "They've come a long way and have worked to improve systemic problems, but there are still some lingering issues in trying to make this work for immigrants."
Once her plan is reinstated, the Obla family will owe back premiums or face a penalty at tax time for the months she was uninsured. Shyam says they will do so, but Jonathan Katz, an insurance broker with Virginia Health Plans in Herndon, Va., says some would rather take a chance or may not have the money.
It can also appear "completely random" and involve people who aren't even immigrants. says Katz, Parents who were born in Virginia hospitals have even been asked to prove their new babies are here legally. Even a birth certificate may not be enough; he has had to provide pediatrician records on behalf of clients' babies as well.
"The most maddening part of the whole data matching issue is that there is no conclusive way to know they've accepted the documents," says Katz, who has sold insurance for 25 years.
Jonathan Katz, an insurance broker with Virginia Medical Plans in Herndon, Va., says it often involves calling members of Congress' offices to get clients' insurance reinstated after it's terminated because of documentation issues. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY)
Consumers who haven't provided adequate citizenship or immigration status documentation within 95 days have their plans terminated. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services say consumers can enroll again through HealthCare.gov during a special enrollment period.
Data issues go beyond health or inconvenience for the individual consumers. It jeopardizes the balance of sick and healthy individuals insured, which increases insurers' costs and makes them more likely to raise premiums or drop out of the market.
About 11 million people are currently insured on the federal and state health exchanges. The uninsured rate is now below 9% — the lowest in history — but the National Health Interview Survey out this week showed the rate of progress has slowed dramatically.
Retention of those already enrolled was a top concern mentioned by Burwell, but enrolling the healthier people who haven't felt the need for insurance at least as critical.
When people enrolled in health plans and getting medical treatment have their insurance suddenly canceled, "it is adding to the instability consumers and plans are dealing with in the market and drives up the costs for everybody," says Clare Krusing, spokeswoman for the trade group America's Health Insurance Plans.
Data problems appear most tied to HealthCare.gov, the federal Affordable Care Act exchange that handles insurance sales for 38 states that don't have their own marketplaces for individual health plans.
States that set up their own exchanges have far more flexibility to solve enrollment and eligibility issues than the federal government does, says Maydad Cohen, a former special assistant to the governor of Massachusetts. That state faced data-matching issues of their own relating to immigration documentation and general identity proofing Cohen led the effort to integrate the state eligibility and enrollment system for the 2015 open enrollment.
The state also did target outreach to the people who had been affected by the issues.
"If you could not prove who you said you were, you could not continue," says Cohen, now a senior vice president at IT company hCentive, which helped launch some of the state exchanges. When that happens, "people are going to say, 'I didn't even want to do this in the first place.' Healthy people are more likely to say that."
Maydad Cohen is former special assistant to the governor of Massachusetts. where he led the implementation of an integrated eligibility and enrollment system for open enrollment last year. (Photo: hCentive)
Still, while technology and document matching causes some people to incorrectly be blocked from enrollment, Cohen says it's equally true to say, "it is playing a key role in stopping those not eligible from receiving insurance."
Amid the heated anti-immigrant rhetoric in the presidential campaign, Padilla says few even legally in this country are willing to take chances.
"Any additional barrier is going to reduce enrollment rates," says Padilla. "Their primary concern is keeping the family intact so it's less likely that they will push forward until they get overage."
Besides, immigrants often have low incomes and "don't have time to spend hours on the phone," he says.
Sometimes, immigrants get their documents uploaded, but if they don't get verified immediately, "things really unravel and they lose eligibility," says Katz. "If it's not solved on a timely basis, it's near impossible to prevent a break in coverage without congressional assistance."
When it comes to increasing the number of healthy people getting insurance, Padilla and other immigration advocates say HHS should take a bigger step and allow health coverage for the young people covered by the immigration policy known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). The policy allows certain illegal immigrants who entered the country before their 16th birthday and before June 2007 to get a renewable two-year work permit and exemption from deportation. Unlike others who are here legally, these likely healthy young people can't buy insurance on the exchanges.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2cadT9B
North American LCS team Phoenix1 will play a showmatch against League of Legends Pro League team Invictus Gaming on Nov. 15, according to a promotional announcement on the Sina gaming website. The match is for PandaTV, which is Invictus Gaming owner Wang Sicong's streaming platform.
The announcement had very few details on the nature of the showmatch itself, but featured a promotional image with Phoenix1, Invictus Gaming's LPL team, and their all-female team, iG KA. The showmatch will take place at the Shanghai World Expo Park, and the announcement explained that P1 will attend in part because of their sponsorship ties to a Beijing-based film company.
Neither Phoenix1 nor Invictus Gaming have yet to personally advertise the showmatch, but it was confirmed by Phoenix1's manager via Twitter that the team is indeed headed to Shanghai.
See you guys in China, I'm sleeping for the next twelve hours pic.twitter.com/0t7llBung3 — Chad Smeltz (@HistoryTeachLoL) November 10, 2016
It is unclear what time and what kind of showmatch will be held, as the last time a show match occurred between an LCS team (Cloud9) and another team (CJ Entus Frost) while abroad, they were restricted from playing on Summoner's Rift. They instead played on Howling Abyss in a series of 1v1s and 2v2s against direct lane opponents.
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for theScore esports. You can follow her on Twitter.
On a fall afternoon in 1971, Gail Hartwig and her husband, Don, drove out of their farm, northwest of Edmonton, Canada, to run an errand. As they rode along, a goat in the back of the family pickup truck peered over the tailgate, craning its neck to get a better view of the passing scenery. The goat, a recent prizewinner at the local fair, was being delivered to Gail's friend Carol Turner. “Such is the life of country people,” Gail says today with a laugh. They had agreed to meet in Mill Woods, about 40 miles south of the Hartwigs' home, at an old house that Carol's father, Ernie, was tearing down for scrap.
Pulling into the driveway, Gail saw little reason to mourn its impending demise. Painted a sickly yellow brown with fire engine red trim, the house had been derelict for years and looked it. Vandals had shot out many of the windows, and Ernie had already dismantled the rear portion, leaving only three rooms intact. As Gail went inside, her pupils needed a moment to adjust to the darkness. Then everything came into focus. There, illuminated by shafts of light streaming through broken windowpanes, was a room Gail could only describe as “awesome.” The space seemed enormous, an effect heightened by a magnificent vaulted ceiling clad in Oregon pine. The walls below were similarly paneled and, despite their grime, gave off a warm glow. On her left was a handsome stone fireplace, and at the far end of the room, presiding over an inglenook, was an imposing trestle beam.
Photograph courtesy Provincial Archives Of Alberta, A1304d
She found the same kind of extraordinary craftsmanship in each of the rooms, all of them richly paneled and with beautiful handmade doors inlaid with strips of opalescent glass. She was transfixed. “It was just so unique,” Gail says. “There was nothing like it. There was no way I was going to let all this wind up on a scrap heap,” she says. “Certainly not without a fight.”
Emerging from her tour of the home, she looked at Ernie and asked, “How much for the lot of it?” Both he and Don were taken aback. “Sorry, Gail,” Ernie countered. “It's all spoken for.” Gail was not so easily dissuaded. A spirited haggling session commenced. “It was irresistible-force-meets-immovable-object,” she says. After a lengthy back-and-forth, Gail had talked Ernie into letting her have at least one of the rooms—not the living room as she'd hoped but the original master bedroom, a beautiful space on its own, fully paneled and with a large bay window. She also acquired five of the art-glass doors as well as other architectural elements.
Gail's idea was to use the historic room as the centerpiece of a new house. She and Don had long ago outgrown their current home on what they called Centana Farm, and during the return drive they were already laying the groundwork for the project.
Although they had no way of knowing it, the Hartwigs had bought a remnant of the Cora C. Hollister House, a Craftsman-style bungalow built in 1904 by Charles and Henry Greene, two of Southern California's most admired and transformational residential architects. “In their 20 years of practice,” wrote the late Greene & Greene historian Randell L. Makinson, “they established an American architecture so fresh that it spread from Pasadena to all of Southern California and then over the entire country as the ‘California Bungalow' style.” Artists in the truest sense of the word, the brothers created whole environments—livable spaces that harmonized with their surroundings. In the early 20th century, Greene & Greene had a thriving practice in Southern California, designing landmark Arts & Crafts residences like the Gamble and Blacker houses in Pasadena, the town in which their firm was based.
Had she been aware that the gorgeous details of the home she was in were the work of such important architects, Gail wouldn't have been surprised. The real revelation would come years later, when her family veterinarian, Roy Saito, walked through the door of the home she would build around it. “Oh, this is the Storers' place,” he said matter-of-factly. “I was in this house years ago.” The words caught Gail so off-guard, she was momentarily speechless. From the day she first encountered the old house, Gail had sought any bit of information she could uncover about its past. “I absolutely hated history as a child,” she says, “but I just couldn't let this go. I had to know.” Yet the trail had stayed maddeningly cold. Now Gail thought she might have finally gotten a break.
“What do you mean, ‘the Storers' place?' ” she asked Saito. “Well, this house used to be down in Millet,” he responded. “You mean Mill Woods,” Gail corrected. “No, Millet,” he said, his eyes never leaving the paneled walls. “Millet,” Gail marveled. “Why, that's more than 60 miles from here. This house sure has traveled far.”
“Oh, it came from a lot farther away than that,” Saito told her. “This house was originally brought up from Hollywood, California.”
“Holly—,” Gail couldn't even finish the thought. How—and more to the point why—would someone have done such a thing? It must have been an incredible undertaking. “Well,” said Saito, “the Storers were a rather incredible family.”
They were a family of adventurers. “And we went venturing…,” said the voice on the recording. It was faint but bore a distinct firmness, evident even through the distortions of the old audiotape. The voice belonged to Winona Denton de Storer, and Gail Hartwig had waited a long time to hear what she had to say.
The cassette, labeled “Storer Family Oral History,” had been unearthed from deep within the stacks of the Provincial Archives of Alberta after Gail had gone there to inquire whether it had information on the family. She hardly expected anything at all, let alone an audiotape. On November 10, 1966, Winona and two of her siblings, Christine and Victor, had gathered around a microphone placed on their dining room table to share the family's remarkable story. It was these three, along with their parents, Juan and Maria Denton de Storer, who had moved the house from Hollywood half a century before. Wasting no time in obtaining a copy of the tape, Gail raced home, brewed a fresh pot of tea, and sat down in what remained of the Storers' former residence to listen to their tale unfold.
“And father was not strong from the very beginning…. And then father became more and more of an invalid and the doctors thought the climate of California would suit him…
Southern California held out possibly the last hope for Juan Enrique Storer. When the family came to Hollywood in the summer of 1911, he was only 56 but—gaunt and wan—appeared to be much older. A serious accident a few years before had left his health shattered. In contrast to her husband, Maria Andrea Denton radiated vigor, her cherubic face framed by thick spectacles. Their children sported similar specs, giving them the collective appearance of a family of owls.
California was yet another chapter for the peripatetic Storers, who for at least the last decade seemed always on the move, traversing the globe between stops at their home in England and their sugar plantations in Puerto Rico. The dwelling they chose was the Cora C. Hollister House, built seven years before and named after the wife of a major developer of the Santa Monica neighborhood of Ocean Park. Located on Cahuenga near Hollywood Boulevard, a few doors from the turreted mission-style estate of famed floral painter Paul deLongpre and two blocks to the east of Ozcot, the late-Victorian residence of Wizard of Oz author L. Frank Baum, it was to be Greene & Greene's only Hollywood commission.
Sleek, simple, and stripped of all unnecessary adornment, the Hollister house looked almost radically modern, especially when juxtaposed with the heavy ornamentation of its neighbors. In spirit it was evocative of the romantic low-slung haciendas of California's Spanish pioneers, but its origins lay as much in Japanese as they did in early California architecture. Wood, rather than adobe, was used, with split redwood shakes sheathing the exterior and Oregon pine throughout the interior. Art glass, created for the Greenes by artisans formerly of the Louis Comfort Tiffany Studios in New York, was used in doors, windows, and light fixtures.
Stylistically the house was a more refined adaptation of the U-shaped courtyard first employed by the brothers in their groundbreaking design for the Pasadena home of Arturo Bandini in 1903. For the Hollister commission, they flipped the orientation so that the base of the “U” was at the front of the property. In effect, the house had its back turned to the outside world, which perfectly suited the Storers' intensely private natures. “We don't like publicity” was how Winona put it.
The family's arrival had coincided with Hollywood's transformation from sleepy village into film capital of the world. “They often came and asked if they could take a picture on our front lawn,” Winona recalled. With the rabble of “the movies” howling at their doorstep, the Storers entertained themselves on their twin grand pianos and by reading, gardening, and caring for their extensive menagerie—a collection that included llamas, lemurs, marmosets, monkeys, parrots, a cow, four goats, chickens, two dogs, and a bowl of goldfish.
For six years the family lived a quiet life in their house before suddenly uprooting themselves for the ranchlands of western Canada. “So eventually…we decided to come up here” was Winona's only reason for going north.
Gail paused the tape. “That's it?” She caught herself saying out loud. “That's the whole explanation for why they decided to give up Hollywood and relocate to some remote spot in Alberta?” None of it made sense. From what Gail could tell, Juan's condition had deteriorated to the point that he needed to be carried everywhere, yet the family planned to move miles from the nearest town, which meant no electricity, in an area no doctor would recommend for its weather. Most perplexing of all, though, was the Storers' decision to take their house with them.
“Do you think you children could do it?” Maria asked her brood. “And we said, ‘Oh yes!' ” Winona recalled. Only Guillermo, the eldest son, was opposed—a significant dissension considering he was a trained engineer. Rushing back to England to join the British army to fight in World War I, Guillermo thought his departure would put an end to the silliness. He was wrong. No sooner had he left than the dismantling began.
Image: HMD Global
The Nokia 6, HMD Global's anticipated Android smartphone, is out today in India.
The flagship Nokia 6, already available in China, is selling for ₹14,999 ($233), and has been launched alongside the ₹12,899 ($200) Nokia 5 and the ₹9,499 ($148) Nokia 3.
Each phone runs Android 7.1.1 Nougat, but the Nokia 6 is higher specced, with a 5.5-inch full HD screen with 403ppi, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 430 octa-core 1.4GHz CPU, 3GB RAM, 32GB SD card storage, a 16MP rear camera and 3,000mAh battery.
The Nokia 5 has the same CPU and battery but has a 5.2-inch 720p screen with 282ppi, 2GB RAM, 16GB of SD card storage and a 13MP rear camera. The Nokia 3 has 5.0-inch 720p screen with 294ppi, a Mediatek MT6737 Quad-core 1.4GHz CPU, 2GB RAM, 16GB SD card storage and a 8MP rear camera, as well as a 2,650mAh battery.
All the phones have 4G with VoLTE, Bluetooth 4.1, NFC, and an FM radio.
The phones will be available in retail stores across India. The handsets are being sold by HMD Global, which is licensed to design, market and sell Nokia-branded devices.
More on Nokia smartphones
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Joshua Hausman has a very good paper on the 1936 veterans' bonus, in the AER. This was a payment of $1.8 billion to about 3.2 million WWI veterans. The benefits were originally supposed to be in the form of a pension, but Congress bowed to public pressure and voted to make immediate lump sum payments to the veterans (in the form of bonds). FDR viewed the bill as irresponsible, but it passed over his veto.
Hausman provides lots of pretty convincing evidence that the bonus payments boosted consumption, at least by those who received the payments. He estimates a MPC in the .60 to .75 range. One telling fact is that 80% of the bonds were cashed in during 1936, despite the fact that they paid an above market rate of interest (3%). I imagine that after 7 years of depression, lots of the veterans were liquidity constrained and we were not in a Ricardian equivalence world. Nonetheless, I'm skeptical that the bonus program was effective, not surprisingly for monetary offset reasons.
The bonus bill was passed in January 1936, and the payments went out to veterans in late June 1936. As a bit of background, the recovery had temporarily stalled under the NIRA, indeed from July 1933 to May 1935 there was no increase in industrial production. After the NIRA was ruled unconstitutional in May 1935, industrial production started rising rapidly, and continued doing so into early 1937, when growth slowed. In late 1937 and early 1938, industrial production plummeted, as the US entered one of the most severe depressions of the 20th century. So the bonus payments came part way through a period of strong growth.
I do believe that 1936 GDP was higher than it would have been without the bonus program, but I don't think the overall effect was expansionary. Less than a month after the payments were distributed, the Fed embarked on a major anti-inflation program. On July 15, the Fed voted to raise reserve requirements sharply. By itself, this action probably had only modest effects, not enough to offset the fiscal stimulus. But then in December 1936, the Treasury began sterilizing gold inflows. In March 1937, reserve requirements were raised again, and then again in May 1937. By this time the reserve requirements had doubled from the levels of early 1936.
In my book on the Great Depression, I suggested that other factors largely explain the severity of the 1937-38 slump, especially higher labor costs in early 1937 combined with a bout of gold hoarding in late 1937. This gold hoarding was a dramatic turnaround from the gold panic of late 1936 and early 1937 (which involved gold dishoarding). Nonetheless, the various contractionary monetary policies were probably enough to offset the bonus payments, which were about 2.1% of 1936 GDP.
There are three possibilities, anyone of which seems plausible. The monetary policy tightening might have offset, more than offset, or less than offset the bonus payments. We don't know, and given the “game theory” aspects of this problem, we will never be able to know for sure. But it's worth noting that 1936 was an almost ideal time to do fiscal stimulus:
1. Generally speaking, monetary policy was quite passive during the period after 1934, with the monetary base tending to rise along with the monetary gold stock. Under a gold standard regime, monetary offset is less likely to occur, and indeed the constraint of the gold standard is one reason why I was skeptical of the effectiveness of the various contractionary monetary policies in 1936-37.
2. FDR had allies at the Board of Governors.
3. Interest rates were near zero, which is generally assumed to be a condition where monetary offset is less likely to occur.
Thus I find it interesting that 1936-37 looks like an almost classic example of monetary offset. There was a very specific, highly visible fiscal stimulus. It occurred during a period of rising (wholesale) prices, and inflation seemed to accelerate further after the bonus was paid. Then policymakers take not one but four steps to restrain AD and slow inflation, with the first occurring less than a month after the bonus payment. And then the economy slows and eventually falls sharply. Admittedly that's all circumstantial, but it's almost a textbook example of what you'd expect monetary offset to look like.
Interestingly, Hausman doesn't focus on monetary offset (his study uses cross sectional data, as well as survey data). But he does allude to possible fiscal offset:
As is customary, I consider the multiplier for the bonus ignoring any political economy affects of the bonus' passage on other spending and taxing decisions. The veterans' bonus was itself deficit financed, but its passage led to political pressure for higher taxes. Thus the veterans bonus contributed to the enactment of the undistributed profits tax (the Revenue Act of 1936) in June 1936 (Romer and Romer 2012). This bill imposed taxes on undistributed corporate profits and also raised taxes on dividends. It did not affect other personal taxes. The political dynamic through which the veterans bonus contributed to the passage of this tax increase can be compared to the way the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (the Obama stimulus) may have contributed to later spending cuts.
PS. Just to be clear, I think the bonus program was expansionary during 1936. My skepticism has to do with the effects of monetary offset on the economy in 1937 and 1938. And my skepticism about the bonus as fiscal stimulus doesn't mean I necessarily think it was a bad program. I certainly have sympathy for WWI veterans, although I also understand the reasons why FDR vetoed the program.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on April 05th, 2016 and is filed under Fiscal policy, Monetary History. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Despite the big hype that has been building across the internet and the race between LG and Samsung to bring the first flexible display smartphone to the market, the Samsung Galaxy Round and the LG G Flex, the initial response to this new breed of flexible displays can best be described as lukewarm.
But for those who are fans of the technology and are hoping to score themselves a Galaxy Round via a grey market import, this piece of news won't be welcome.
Sammobile has stated via an inside source, that the Samsung Galaxy Round is a prototype test device which will only see a “limited” run. This means that your chances of getting your hands on the device are very low, and it also explains the high asking price of over $1000.
This isn't the first time Samsung has launched a device to test a new piece of technology, but it's probably attracted the most attention. Samsung has previously launched smartphones like the Samsung Galaxy S2 HD LTE, which was launched in South Korea to test HD (720P) Super AMOLED displays.
So what good news can we take out of this? Well this is just another step towards fully flexible display that can fold up and perhaps even roll up, in the next few years. Baby steps people, baby steps.
NewsAbortion
AUSTIN, TX, March 24, 2015 (LifeSiteNews.com) -- Last night at an Austin Planned Parenthood abortion facility, a woman threw a Molotov cocktail (a type of homemade bomb) at a group of Central Texas Coalition for Life prayer volunteers. One of the volunteers was able to quickly stomp out the flame and save the group from any danger. The group was able to record the woman's license plate number and turn that information over to the police. Police did arrest the woman who threw the bomb directly at the prayer volunteers.
Central Texas Coalition for Life Executive Director Heather Gardner responded last night. "We are so thankful that none of our courageous volunteers were injured during the incident. Because of their quick actions, the woman responsible was apprehended and will be held accountable."
Abby Johnson, the board president for the organization, added, "In the culture of death perpetrated by abortion supporters, it is no surprise that they would respond to our prolife efforts in this violent way. We must remember that this type of incident is very rare and it will in no way deter us from offering real options to women walking into abortion facilities. We are here to promote peace in and out of the womb, something abortion supporters do not understand."
The Central Texas Coalition for Life is asking for prayer for the woman who tossed the bomb at their volunteers. "We know that many women are hurting from past abortion experiences. One of the ways people sometimes lash out is through anger and violence. We pray for this woman and pray for healing in her heart if she is hurting from a past abortion," says Gardner.
Third-century China got around the ancient world. They even made it to the Roman Empire, and wrote down their thoughts on these strange foreigners in the Weilüe, a third-century C.E. account of the interactions between the two nations. Here's what China had to say about their imperial neighbors!
From a translation by the University of Washington's John E. Hill:
This country (the Roman Empire) has more than four hundred smaller cities and towns. It extends several thousand lis in all directions. The king has his capital (that is, the city of Rome) close to the mouth of a river (the Tiber). The outer walls of the city are made of stone. This region has pine trees, cypress, sophora, catalpa, bamboo, reeds, poplars, willows, parasol trees, and all sorts of plants. The people cultivate the five grains [traditionally: rice, glutinous and non-glutinous millet, wheat and beans], and they raise horses, mules, donkeys, camels and silkworms. (They have) a tradition of amazing conjuring. They can produce fire from their mouths, bind and then free themselves, and juggle twelve balls with extraordinary skill.
The ruler of this country is not permanent. When disasters result from unusual phenomena, they unceremoniously replace him, installing a virtuous man as king, and release the old king, who does not dare show resentment. The common people are tall and virtuous like the Chinese, but wear hu (‘Western') clothes. They say they originally came from China, but left it. They have always wanted to communicate with China but, Anxi (Parthia), jealous of their profits, would not allow them to pass (through to China).
Advertisement
As a Latin and Classics nerd, I'm weirdly gratified for the ancient Chinese to give them such a good review. Here's a description of some of Rome's trade goods:
This country produces fine linen. They make gold and silver coins. One gold coin is equal to ten silver coins.
They have fine brocaded cloth that is said to be made from the down of ‘water-sheep'. It is called Haixi (‘Egyptian') cloth. This country produces the six domestic animals, which are all said to come from the water.
It is said that they not only use sheep's wool, but also bark from trees, or the silk from wild cocoons, to make brocade, mats, pile rugs, woven cloth and curtains, all of them of good quality, and with brighter colours than those made in the countries of Haidong (“East of the Sea”).
Furthermore, they regularly make a profit by obtaining Chinese silk, unravelling it, and making fine hu (‘Western') silk damasks. That is why this country trades with Anxi (Parthia) across the middle of the sea. The seawater is bitter and unable to be drunk, which is why it is rare for those who try to make contact to reach China.
Advertisement
And here's even the directions how to get there:
The kingdom of Da Qin (Rome) is also called Lijian. It is west of Anxi (Parthia) and Tiaozhi (Characene and Susiana), and west of the Great Sea.
From the city of Angu (Gerrha), on the frontier of Anxi (Parthia), you take a boat and cut directly across to Haixi (‘West of the Sea' = Egypt). With favourable winds it takes two months; if the winds are slow, perhaps a year; if there is no wind, perhaps three years.
The country (that you reach) is west of the sea (haixi), which is why it is called Haixi (literally: ‘West of the Sea' = Egypt). There is a river (the Nile) flowing out of the west of this country, and then there is another great sea (the Mediterranean). The city of (Wu) Chisan (Alexandria) is in Haixi (Egypt). From below this country you go north to reach the city of Wudan (Tanis?). You (then) head southwest and cross a river (the Sebannitus branch of the Nile?) by boat, which takes a day. You head southwest again, and again cross a river (the Canopis branch of the Nile?) by boat, which takes another day. There are, in all, three major cities [that you come to].
Now, if you leave the city of Angu (Gerrha) by the overland route, you go north to Haibei (‘North of the Sea' – the lands between Babylonia and Jordan), then west to Haixi (Egypt), then turn south to go through the city of Wuchisan (Alexandria). After crossing a river, which takes a day by boat, you circle around the coast (to the region of Apollonia, the port of Cyrene). (From there, i.e. the region of Apollonia) six days is generally enough to cross the (second) great sea (the Mediterranean) to reach that country (Da Qin = Rome).
Advertisement
You can read the whole Weilüe here for more of ancient China's Fodor's guide to the Roman Empire.
[Smithsonian Magazine via Neatorama]
(UPDATE) Putin signs new restrictions that limit where and how Christians share the gospel.
The State Duma building in Moscow
Update (July 8): This week, Russian president Vladimir Putin approved a package of anti-terrorism laws that usher in tighter restrictions on missionary activity and evangelism.
Despite prayers and protests from religious leaders and human rights advocates, the Kremlin announced Putin's approval yesterday. The amendments, including laws against sharing faith in homes, online, or anywhere but recognized church buildings, go into effect July 20.
Though opponents to the new measures hope to eventually appeal in court or elect legislators to amend them, they have begun to prepare their communities for life under the new rules, reported Forum 18 News Service, a Christian outlet reporting on the region.
Protestants and religious minorities small enough to gather in homes fear they will be most affected. Last month, “the local police officer came to a home where a group of Pentecostals meet each Sunday," Konstantin Bendas, deputy bishop of the Pentecostal Union, told Forum 18. "With a contented expression he told them: ‘Now they're adopting the law I'll drive you all out of here.' I reckon we should now fear such zealous enforcement.”
“There are potentially very wide-sweeping ramifications to this law,” Joel Griffith of the Slavic Gospel Association said in a Mission Network News report. “It just depends on, again, how it is going to be enforced, and that is a very huge question mark.”
-----
Earlier reporting (June 29): Christians in Russia won't be allowed to email their friends an invitation to church or to evangelize in their own homes if Russia's newest set of surveillance and anti-terrorism laws are enacted.
The proposed laws, considered the country's most restrictive measures in post-Soviet history, place broad limitations on missionary work, including preaching, teaching, and engaging in any activity designed to recruit people into a religious group.
To share their faith, citizens must secure a government permit through a registered religious organization, and they cannot evangelize anywhere besides churches and other religious sites. The restrictions even apply to activity in private residences and online.
This week, Russia's Protestant minority—estimated around 1 percent of the population—prayed, fasted, and sent petitions to President Vladimir Putin, who will have to approve the measures before they become official.
“Most evangelicals—leaders from all seven denominations—have expressed concerns,” Sergey Rakhuba, president of Mission Eurasia and a former Moscow church-planter, told CT. “They're calling on the global Christian community to pray that Putin can intervene and God can miraculously work in this process.”
Following a wave of Russian nationalist propaganda, the laws passed almost unanimously in the Duma, the upper house, on Friday and in the Federation Council, the lower house, today.
“If this legislation is approved, the religious situation in the country will grow considerably more complicated and many believers will find themselves in exile and subjected to reprisals because of our faith,” wrote Oleg Goncharov, spokesman for the Seventh-day Adventists' Euro-Asia division, in an open letter.
Proposed by United Russia party lawmaker Irina Yarovaya, the law appears to target religious groups outside the Russian Orthodox church. Because it defines missionary activities as religious practices to spread a faith beyond its members, “if that is interpreted as the Moscow Patriarchate is likely to, it will mean the Orthodox Church can go after ethnic Russians but that no other church will be allowed to,” according to Frank Goble, an expert on religious and ethnic issues in the region.
Russian nationalist identity remains tied up with the Russian Orthodox church.
“The Russian Orthodox church is part of a bulwark of Russian nationalism stirred up by Vladimir Putin,” David Aikman, history professor and foreign affairs expert, told CT. “Everything that undermines that action is a real threat, whether that's evangelical Protestant missionaries or anything else.”
Sergei Ryakhovsky, head of the Protestant Churches of Russia, and several other evangelical leaders called the law a violation of religious freedom and personal conscience in a letter to Putin posted on the Russian site Portal-Credo. The letter reads, in part:
The obligation on every believer to have a special permit to spread his or her beliefs, as well as hand out religious literature and material outside of places of worship and used structures is not only absurd and offensive, but also creates the basis for mass persecution of believers for violating these provisions. Soviet history shows us how many people of different faiths have been persecuted for spreading the Word of God. This law brings us back to a shameful past."
Stalin-era religious restrictions—including outlawing religious activity outside of Sunday services in registered churches and banning parents from teaching faith to their kids—remained on the books until the collapse of the Soviet Union, though the government enforced them only selectively.
Some have questioned whether the government could or would monitor religious activity in private Christian homes.
“I don't think you can overestimate the Russian government's willingess to exert control,” Aikman told CT. If history is any indication, the proposed regulations reveal a pattern of “creeping totalitarianism” in the country, he said.
The so-called Big Brother laws also introduce widespread surveillance of online activity, including requiring encrypted apps to give the government the power to decode them, and assigning stronger punishments for extremism and terrorism.
The proposal is an “attack on freedom of expression, freedom of conscience, and the right to privacy that gives law enforcement unreasonably broad powers,” the humanitarian group Human Rights Watch told The Guardian.
If passed, the anti-evangelism law carries fines up to US $780 for an individual and $15,500 for an organization. Foreign visitors who violate the law face deportation.
Russia has already moved to contain foreign missionaries. The “foreign agent” law, adopted in 2012, requires groups from abroad to file detailed paperwork and be subject to government audits and raids. Since then, the NGO sector has shrunk by a third, according to government statistics.
“In Moscow, we shared an office with 24 organizations. Not a single foreign expatriate mission is there now,” Rakhuba previously told CT. “They could not re-register. Missionaries could not return to Russia because they could not renew their visas. It is next to impossible to get registration as a foreign organization today.”
While Russia's evangelicals pray that the proposed regulations are amended or vetoed, they have gone underground before, and they'll be willing to do it again, Rakhuba said.
“They say, ‘If it will come to it, it's not going to stop us from worshiping and sharing our faith,'” he wrote. “The Great Commission isn't just for a time of freedom.”
Cap Downloads
AOL Buddy Icon Firefox Browser Theme
The Washington Capitals are proud to be the first professional sports team to bring you a custom theme for the Firefox browser. If you are currently a Firefox, click here to be taken to the download and instructions page
For Windows and macOS:
To download your own Washington Capitals Wallpaper, pick the appropriate screen size and format from the choices below.
Standard format directions: After clicking on one of the thumbnails above, a large version will appear.
Windows 98/2000 or higher:
Right-click over the image and choose "Set As Wallpaper."
Mac OS 8.x: Click and hold over the image, choose "Download Image to disk" (Internet Explorer) or "Save This Image As " (Netscape). Choose a name and location for the picture. Then go to the Appearance Control Panel, and choose the "desktop" tab. Click on "Place Picture " and choose the picture you just saved. Click on "set desktop."
Windows 98/2000/NT directions: To use, click on the link. A new page will open in a new window. Copy the url. On your computer, go to your desktop and right-click to choose "Active Desktop" then choose "Customize my desktop." Select the "Web" tab at top. If the "Show Web content on my Active Desktop" box is not checked, check it, then hit the "New" button. Paste the url into the "Location" box and hit "OK." When asked if you want to make this page available offline, choose "OK." Hit "OK" again (back in the display properties window). A small window containing your new Caps wallpaper will appear on your desktop. At the top left corner of that window, a gray bar will appear when you mouse over it. Click on the small arrow that appears at top left and choose "Cover desktop." Your desktop will now be clickable to the Caps home page!
Windows XP directions: To use, click on the link. A new page will open in a new window. Copy the url. On your computer, go to your desktop and right-click to choose "Properties" then hit the "Desktop" tab then the "Customize Desktop" button. In the new window, select the "Web" tab at top. Hit the "New" button. Paste the url into the "Location" box and hit "OK." When asked if you want to make this page available offline, choose "OK." Hit "OK" again (back in the "Customize Desktop" window) then "OK" again (back in the display properties window). A small window containing your new Caps wallpaper will appear on your desktop. At the top left corner of that window, a gray bar will appear when you mouse over it. Click on the small arrow that appears at top left and choose "Cover desktop." Your desktop will now be clickable to the Caps home page!
A car crashed into a home following a road rage shooting that killed the father of a 22-month-old boy, DeKalb County police said — and the gunman remains on the run.
Officers were called to the scene on Columbia Drive late Wednesday, Lt. Lonzy Robertson told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. When officers arrived, they found the driver's body inside the car.
Cedric Williams and his son. (Credit: Channel 2 Action News)
The incident started about 11:55 p.m., when the 22-year-old victim, identified as Cedric Williams of Decatur, turned south on Columbia Drive from Memorial Drive and cut off the shooter, Robertson said.
“The suspect vehicle pulled alongside the victim's car and began shooting,” he said. “The victim died instantly. His car left the road, then crashed into a house.”
Channel 2 Action News reported that Williams was shot in the head.
Margaret Towe, who owns the home, was awakened by her partner's screams after the car hit the garage and went through the back of the residence.
“My first reaction was to call the cops and try to get the people out,” Towe said. “We got everyone out except the driver.”
Towe said the passengers, a 20-year-old woman and a 39-year-old woman, were panicking, trying to get their friend out.
The situation was “extremely scary” because she was about 10 feet from the car and the living room smelled like gas, Towe said.
“The names of the two women who were in the car with (the victim) are not being released at this time for their protection,” Robertson said, “while we try to identify the suspect and the vehicle he was in.”
Structural damage trapped the car in the home.
“It was really hard to tear people out of there without the assistance of the firefighters,” Towe said.
The shooter was driving a dark-colored SUV, described as a Mercury Mountaineer, police said.
No other injuries were reported.
Know what's really going on with crime and public safety in your metro Atlanta community, including breaking news, trial coverage, trends and the latest on unsolved cases. Sign up for the AJC's crime and safety newsletter delivered weekly to your inbox.
NAIROBI, Kenya — President Francois Bozize's decade-long mismanagement of the Central African Republic (CAR) came to an abrupt end on Sunday with him fleeing the country as rebels marched into the capital Bangui and took control of the riverside city.
The rebel takeover is just the latest upheaval in the chaotic history of Africa's least imaginatively named country.
Bozize, 66, came to power at the head of a military coup 10 years ago overthrowing Ange-Felix Patasse, who had survived numerous mutinies and coup attempts during his own 10-year reign.
Like his predecessors, who include the bizarre dictator and self-styled “Emperor” Jean-Bedel Bokassa, Bozize kept most of his 4.5 million people mired in poverty despite the landlocked country's wealth of minerals, including gold, diamonds and uranium as well as oil and timber.
Such has been the incoherence of successive governments that the International Crisis Group think tank has dubbed CAR a “phantom state” that exists only on maps.
Armed poachers have decimated the country's wildlife with impunity and the government's lack of control has helped make it home to the notorious Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebel group. US special forces deployed to help hunt down wanted LRA leader Joseph Kony have established a base in Obo, in the east of the country.
The final endgame of Bozize's rule began on Thursday when a northern rebel coalition known as Seleka (which means nothing more than “Alliance” in the local Sango language) cried foul and broke a negotiated truce advancing beyond a peacekeeper-controlled “red line” 47 miles north of the capital.
A government helicopter gunship briefly held up the advance but by Sunday, Seleka had seized control of the presidential palace and state broadcaster, forcing Bozize to flee, possibly to neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) or nearby Cameroon.
Pleas for support to the US, South Africa and former colonial power France — which has intervened in CAR in the past and is currently battling Islamist militants in another former African colony, Mali — fell on deaf ears as Bozize's allies proved for the most part unwilling to prop up his regime.
More from GlobalPost: Al Qaeda in Africa
South Africa sent 200 soldiers to CAR in January to train and support the ill-equipped and poorly trained national army. At least 13 were killed in this weekend's battle for Bangui.
France already had 250 soldiers in the country and deployed another 300 on Saturday as a victory for Seleka looked inevitable. But despite intervening to both protect and to overthrow CAR leaders in the past, this time the French role has been limited to securing the airport and protecting an estimated 1,250 French citizens in Bangui.
After declaring victory Michel Djotodia, who has led Seleka since the rebellion began in December and has now declared himself president, told French broadcaster RFI that he would respect the Jan. 11 peace deal signed with Bozize in Libreville, Gabon.
“We are still keeping to the spirit of Libreville,” he said.
The deal included the appointment of an interim prime minister, Nicolas Tiangaye, at the head of a national unity government and plans to hold elections within three years.
“We are not here to carry out a witch hunt,” Djotodia said.
The US said it was “deeply concerned” by events in CAR. “We urgently call on the Seleka leadership which has taken control of Bangui to establish law and order in the city and to restore basic services of electricity and water. We also urge all parties to allow for unhindered humanitarian access,” said a State Department spokeswoman.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius called on all parties to the conflict to establish a government in keeping with the Libreville deal and called on armed groups to, “respect the population.”
The African Union condemned the overthrow of Bozize, threatened sanctions against the Seleka leaders and urged member states to take “unified, decisive action.”
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon decried the “unconstitutional seizure of power” and called for “the swift restoration of the constitutional order.” Ban also signaled his concern at “reports of serious violations of human rights” since the rebel takeover.
Since Sunday, reports of looting and abuses have been rife in the capital, where water and power have been cut off. The country office of the UN children's agency, UNICEF, and hospitals were among the premises looted by armed gangs. Many of the city's residents barricaded themselves at home fearful of the lawless streets outside.
“There's a lot of looting by armed men,” city resident Nicaise Kabissou told Agence France-Presse. “They break down the doors to go looting and then, afterwards, the people come and help themselves too.”
“We're scared. I don't go out anymore, I stay at home,” he said.
By Monday morning, calm reportedly had returned to the capital as the people of CAR waited to see what kind of leaders they have gained over the weekend.
The Orlando Magic have told rival executives that they might not trade Dwight Howard after all, according to league sources.
An executive who has had discussions with the Magic regarding Howard said Orlando only will trade the star center in a deal that is great for the franchise. The executive said this has been Orlando's stance for the past "week or so."
Another executive who has talked with Orlando said he thinks the Magic may start the season with Howard and wait until the February trade deadline to move him.
Each executive left the door open for posturing, noting that the Magic may be bluffing in hopes of coaxing better offers out of opposing teams. But the overriding sense is that Howard may not be moved for weeks, if not months.
The Los Angeles Lakers and Houston Rockets both covet Howard, but each team has come away from trade discussions thinking the Magic -- at least for now -- are not interested in trading the six-time All-Star, according to sources.
Howard has been steadfast in his desire to be traded since the end of last season, telling new Magic general manager Rob Hennigan last month in their first face-to-face meeting that he wanted to be traded to the Brooklyn Nets.
But with Howard under contract for next season, the only firm deadline Orlando faces is next season's trade deadline.
While the angst between the Magic and Howard is real and sizable, the franchise also realizes that Howard is fickle, impressionable and prone to changing his mind.
When Howard first requested a trade to the Nets this past December, it seemed unfathomable that he would waive his opt-out clause. But that's exactly what he did in March.
So with a new front office and soon a new head coach -- widely expected to be Jacque Vaughn -- the Magic may believe Howard could change his mind again before next season's trade deadline.
If the Magic start the season with Howard, his preferred destination of Brooklyn once again becomes a possible landing spot. The Nets recently signed center Brook Lopez, who would presumably be the centerpiece of a Brooklyn-Orlando trade for Howard. Lopez is not eligible to be traded until Jan. 15, a full month before the trade deadline.
So if Howard doesn't sign a contract extension with Orlando before the deadline -- and if the Lakers or Rockets haven't been able to acquire him by then -- the Nets would perhaps emerge as the front-runner once again.
Then again, Orlando may also be banking on the fact that neither the Nets nor the Lakers, whom Howard has told confidantes he would sign with long term, will have the salary-cap room to sign him outright to a max deal next summer when he becomes a free agent.
favorite favorite
First of all this is a strong upgrade over prior sources and transfers and if you're a fan of these shows you should get it now.
This set is very well played and energetic but while it's more cleanly done it doesn't have the highlights that the following night did to my ear. My favorite part of this show, the stupendous Bird Song, isn't in this fileset, which is really too bad. The's Gone is really great though, and there are no bad moments at all.
Also the tape - while absolutely an improvement over everything else you'll find - is also not as great as the next night's 24 bit transfer from these same fine people. That's not their fault, it's in the master. This "Ultramatrix" (made live at the board, and like the following night I think probably by Don Pearson and not Healy) has a little too much audience for my ear, just a little, whereas the next night is nearly perfect in that regard. And the noted bass distortion is a factor though not a major one.
- April 1, 2014A notch below the next night for me for mix & missing set
Ahmed Muhannad at-Tala' of the New Syrian Army as featured in a recent video from Daesh (Twitter/@LinaArabii)
A video that appears to show an American directing a video shot by Syrian rebels has been circulating on social media in the past 48 hrs.
The video, reportedly released by Daesh (ISIS), shows a Syrian rebel named “Ahmed Muhannad at-Talla” giving a speech in front of the camera. Early on, at-Talla' makes a mistake and appears to forget his line. At this point, a distinctly American-sounding voice says “Go ahead, that's fine. You can start over”.
The video features the recognizable black standard of Daesh, and written commentary in both Arabic and English reading “the Apostate, Muhannad Ahmed at-Talla', as the Americans record his statement.”
You can watch the video below:
Syrian rebel commander forgets his line while recording a speech & the American director tells him to start over. pic.twitter.com/nc46zWHbZd — Lina Arabi (@LinaArabii) July 27, 2016
There has been dispute as to the authenticity of video and as to whether the American voice was edited in. Nevertheless, numerous theories have come about in the wake of the video's release. A popular belief is that the un-edited footage of a New Syrian Army announcement was obtained by Daesh, who added their black flag and commentary before posting the raw footage to discredit the New Syrian Army.
It's not a far-fetched claim. Further research reveals that the same video appeared in a news broadcast from Alaan TV in November 2015 discussing the New Syrian Army, of which at-Talla' is a member, although the video is edited and the American voice is never heard.
The authenticity of the video has not been confirmed at this time. If indeed correct, it raises questions as to how Daesh took possession of the video and how closely American forces are working with the various militant groups in Syria who fight Daesh and President Bashar al-Assad's regime.
Melanie Marder Parks has illustrated 17 of the Elm Creek Quilts novels by Jennifer Chiaverini. There are 20 books in the series and the publisher decided to add illustrated endpapers with the fourth book. Michael Accordino at Simon and Schuster had seen a quilt based book jacket Parks had painted and hand lettered “and thought this job would be just my thing.” She's been making quilts for the endpapers ever since. I asked her about reviving the art of endpapers in this way.
When you design these quilts are there any strictures from art director or author?
As the series progressed I worked with color that echoed the cover art. The author was quite specific about color placement, which affected the meaning of the quilt patterns.
Obviously the Elm Creek Quilts title influenced the quilts you've drawn. But why did the endpapers become the “identity” of this series?
The endpapers serve to enhance the reading experience of the hard cover books. They are not the “identity” of the series. Seeing the quilt patterns that appear in the stories adds to the reader's pleasure. The editor said my endpapers contributed to the success of the series and that the readers looked forward to seeing them. The author and her fans are very involved with quilting. I am not a quilter. For me, the inspiration was in painting the patterns with gouache, a medium that lends itself beautifully to flat and vibrant color. I've always loved pattern and texture. Working the design, illustration and lettering together was very satisfying.
Regrettably, I haven't read the books. Does each quilt have a special significance?
The novels weave together stories of families, friends, history, and quilting. The quilts have special significance for each of the books. For instance, some of the novels take place before, during and after the Civil War when quilt patterns were used as signals by the Underground Railroad to help fugitive slaves find safety.
What is your favorite quilt?
The “Elm Creek Album” from The Sugar Camp Quilt book gave me particular pleasure as I was able to paint folk art motifs in the context of a quilt.
Having done so many begs the question, have these been made as real quilts?
Oh yes. The author and her fans all make the quilts and meet at quilt events.
What's on the quilted horizon?
The Elm Creek Quilts series has come to an end, so I'm doing a lot of work with maps, combining illustration, lettering and design.
Accepting Entries for 2014 Regional Design Annual
Don't miss your chance to enter your work in the 2014 RDA, which showcases outstanding design work from across the United States. Get your projects recognized and into the hands of other design professionals, enter today.
ZSL-SCF-EAD
They're back. Scimitar-horned oryx have been reintroduced to the wild after a two-decade absence and are flourishing in their old stomping grounds.
The desert antelopes were once widespread across northern Africa, but were hunted to extinction in their natural habitat in the 1990s.
Since then, the species has been kept alive in captivity in the United Arab Emirates, the US, Europe and Australia. Several hundred have also been reintroduced to fenced areas in northern Africa.
Advertisement
To test whether scimitar-horned oryx could survive in the wild once again, 23 individuals were released into a remote part of Chad last August. Based on early signs of success, another 23 will be released this week.
Sahara Conservation Fund
The animals have been fitted with GPS collars to monitor their movements. “So far, the animals look exceptionally healthy,” says Jared Stabach from the Smithsonian's National Zoo and Conservation Biology Institute in Washington DC, who is involved in the project. “They seem to be adapting to the environment really well.”
First baby in the wild
Some of the released oryx were pregnant and, in September, the first calf was born in the wild since the species went extinct. “He seems very lively and healthy, so that's encouraging,” says Stabach.
The next test will be whether females that became pregnant after release will produce healthy offspring, he says. “We're expecting some births in the next month or two.”
The oryx were reintroduced in the Ouadi Rimé-Ouadi Achim reserve, an expansive of unfenced wilderness in central Chad, which used to be the species' stronghold.
A group of about 40 to 50 of the antelopes were taken from this area in the 1960s. Most oryx alive today are thought to be descended from these animals.
Fewer threats
Although the newly released oryx all come from this small population, their genetic diversity has risen because separate captive populations were kept around the world. This has allowed them to genetically drift apart from one another.
Reintroducing oryx to the wild is less challenging than doing so with many other animals, says Carolyn Hogg at the University of Sydney, Australia. One reason is that they eat grass, so they don't need to be taught how to hunt for food. Another reason is that their natural predators – lions and cheetahs – have gone extinct in the area.
Hunting by humans is also not a problem so far, says Stabach. “There's a lot of excitement in the local community about this animal being returned. They want to protect it.”
“Conservation scientists are all giving big thumbs up and cheering over this,” says Hogg. “Animals are often bred in captivity in zoos with the view of releasing them back into the wild, but then there are always lots of challenges. It's pretty amazing to know that you can put them back.”
Read more: Reviving Europe's long-lost beasts through mass rewilding; Rewilding: Bring in the big beasts to fix ecosystems
This article was altered to clarify the circumstances in which a group of antelope were removed in the 1960s.
This tutorial will show you how to easily give your Raspberry Pi a static IP address on your local network. If you do not do this, your IP address may change from time to time on your local network. To give your Raspberry Pi a static IP address just follow these basic Steps.
Start: Raspberry Pi Static IP Address Simple Tutorial
I started out by using SSH to connect to my Raspberry pi.
Step 1: Check our your current network setup
This will show you your current wireless setup and wpa_supplicant information. This is my setup:
Step 2: Get the IP Address of your Raspberry Pi
Run the ifconfig command.
ifconfig 1 ifconfig
This gives us information regarding our router and wireless connections. We need to get the information located at the wlan0 area towards the bottom. I have indicated the area below.
Step 3: Copy and paste information from ifconfig command
Copy and paste the following information into a text file for later use when we configure the static IP address for your Raspberry Pi.
CURRENT IP
net addr:192.168.1.11
BROADCAST IP
Bcast:192.168.1.255
SUBNET MASK
Mask:255.255.255.0
Step 4: Copy and Paste information from netstat -nr command
This will give us even more information about where our Raspberry Connected and how it is being broadcasted in our local network. Run the following command:
netstat -nr 1 netstat - nr
You should end up with something like below. I have highlighted the important information we need to add to that text file for later.
So now we should have the inet, Bcast, Mask, Destination, and Gateway. So my text file looks something like this:
Step 5: Format so that we can paste this information into the /etc/network/interfaces file
Now we just have to change what we have about to something that looks similar to:
Step 6: Change /etc/network/interfaces file
From our old file we will change the lines marked in red
OLD FILE (lines to change in red)
auto lo
iface lo inet loopback
auto eth0
allow-hotplug eth0
iface eth0 inet manual
auto wlan0
allow-hotplug wlan0
iface wlan0 inet manual
wpa-conf /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
auto wlan1
allow-hotplug wlan1
iface wlan1 inet manual
wpa-conf /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
Run the command:
sudo nano /etc/network/interfaces 1 sudo nano / etc / network / interfaces
to make the following changes
NEW FILE (changes in red)
auto lo
iface lo inet loopback
iface eth0 inet static
address 192.168.1.11
broadcast 192.168.1.255
netmask 255.255.255.0
network 192.168.1.0
gateway 192.168.1.1
auto wlan0
allow-hotplug wlan0
iface wlan0 inet manual
wpa-conf /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
auto wlan1
allow-hotplug wlan1
iface wlan1 inet manual
wpa-conf /etc/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.conf
Step 7: Remove existing leases
Run the following comand:
sudo rm /var/lib/dhcp/* sudo reboot now 1 2 3 sudo rm / var / lib / dhcp / * sudo reboot now
When you are finished rebooting SSH back into your Raspberry Pi and check your ip address by running
ifconfig 1 ifconfig
You now have a Raspberry Pi with a Static IP Address!
Be sure to comment any questions or concerns below. Thanks for reading!
Hardware Used
Work as a Wine Taster
We have included working as a Wine Tester in our “Fun Jobs” career section as you will never become rich, however you should really enjoy your work.
1. Wine tasters sample wine, either to ensure it is of a sufficiently-high quality or to gain an appreciation of its flavours and so describe it in detail to potential buyers.
2. Most major vineyards employ their own tasters, as do big buyers of wine, including supermarket chains and brokers.
3. Strictly speaking, there are no compulsory qualifications for becoming a wine taster.
4. Over recent years, however, formal qualifications have become more important, with these likely to be especially valuable if you are new to the wine industry.
5. The Wine and Spirits Educational Trust (WEST) offers a range of certificates and diplomas, all of them highly respected in the industry.
6. Few people go into the wine tasting business for the money; according to the Independent newspaper, newcomers can expect to earn between £15,000 and £18,000 a year.
7. For many, however, the real benefit is to be paid for indulging their passion for wine, while additional perks can include international travel.
What Do Wine Tasters Do?
As the job title suggests, wine tasters sample wine, either to ensure it is of a sufficiently-high quality or to gain an appreciation of its flavours and so describe it in detail to potential buyers. Most major vineyards employ their own tasters, as do big buyers of wine, including supermarket chains and brokers.
While for many people spending the day tasting wine sounds like a dream career, it can be tough; paid jobs are few and far between and tasters need to have considerable expertise and industry knowledge in order to get ahead.
Training and Qualifications
Strictly speaking, there are no compulsory qualifications for becoming a wine taster.
In fact, plenty of seasoned wine tasting professionals have built up their career without any paper qualifications, with their expertise and experience driving them forward.
Over recent years, however, formal qualifications have become more important, with these likely to be especially valuable if you are new to the wine industry.
Above all, it pays to invest in some training that will be able to give you a solid understanding of all aspects of the wine industry, and not just of what the final products taste like.
Given that modern tasters are often expected to be involved with the buying and selling of wine, as well as in areas such as marketing, an industry-relevant qualification will make you more attractive to prospective employers.
Wine training providers we have looked at include:
Wine and Spirit Education Trust
WEST, as it is known offers a wide range of courses for both complete novices and established wine professionals.
Its Awards are divided into different, with Level 3 qualifications – where the focus is placed on refining wine tasting technique - and the Level 4 and 5 Diplomas especially-respected within the industry.
Around 80% of students trained by WEST go on to land a job in the wine sector within a year of earning their certificate.
Visit the Wine and Spirit Education Trust website.
Decanter Education
The UK's premier wine industry magazine offers several short courses. While these are largely aimed at enthusiastic amateurs, the courses can help you learn how to accurately describe a wine, an essential skill for this line of work.
Visit the website of Decanter.com .
The European Wine Academy
Offers a number of qualifications, with courses held in cities across Europe on a regular basis. Alongside basic introductory courses, it also offers an Associate Degree, which can take between 2 and 3 years to achieve. All courses can be done online, via e-learning, as well as through a mixture of online lectures and classroom learning.
Visit the website of the European Wine Academy.
Other Essential Qualities
As well as a good working knowledge of the wine industry – preferably backed-up by industry-relevant qualifications – prospective employers may look for a range of other personal qualities.
Above all, you should be able to demonstrate a genuine passion for wine; if you don't know your chardonnay from your merlot, then this isn't the job for you.
Alongside this, you may also be expected to demonstrate excellent communication skills – after all, meeting with growers and buyers and describing the taste and quality of wine is an essential part of the work – and a little business know-how, whether it's in the shape of marketing or accountancy experience, is also likely to stand you in good stead.
Benefits of Working as a Wine Tester
Hardly anyone goes into the wine tasting business for the money. In fact, according to the Independent newspaper, newcomers to the world of wine can expect to earn between £15,000 and £18,000 a year while building up their experience, and even professionals with significant experience may struggle to earn beyond £35,000 a year.
However, financial considerations aside, there are a number of additional benefits of working as a wine tester.
Above all, if you genuinely love wine, this is a career that allows you to make a living from your passion.
You'll be testing wine on a daily basis, using your specialist skills to find the best bottles and often touring vineyards and bottling facilities, as well as meeting with growers and buyers.
At best, the job can also involve significant amounts of international travel, including trips to major wine-growing destinations such as France, Italy, South Africa and California.
Finding Work
If you're a newcomer to the wine profession, then an in-house training scheme with a large company within the industry may be your best bet.
While you may not be tasting wine on a daily basis, it will give you a foot in the door and allow you to get a fully-rounded understanding of the sector before you go on to specialise.
Majestic, the UK's biggest specialist wine retailer takes on dozens of graduates a year, proving them with compressive training in every aspect of buying and selling wine.
It prioritises a passion for wine over any industry experience and advertises new opportunities on its website.
Visit Careers at Majestic Wine .
Further Information for Jobseekers
If working as a Wine Taster is not for you then please see our Career Guides section with loads of other job ideas for you to look through and consider, from Tourist Guide Jobs to a working as a Veterinary Nurse.
Alternatively you could perform a job search on UK Jobs Guide as we have tens of thousands of new vacancies or if you need help from the government then visit our job centre online section to locate your nearest jobcentreplus.
The Gangstas were a professional wrestling tag team and stable, consisting of New Jack and Mustafa Saed in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW). The group originally started as a three-man group with D'Lo Brown in Smoky Mountain Wrestling (SMW), before evolving into a four-man group with Killer Kyle.
Professional wrestling career [ edit ]
North Georgia Wrestling Alliance (1994) [ edit ]
The Gangstas were formed by New Jack and Mustafa Saed in North Georgia Wrestling Alliance in 1994. They would win their Tag Team Championship, but quickly vacated them upon leaving the promotion that July.
Smoky Mountain Wrestling (1994-1995) [ edit ]
Upon arriving in Smoky Mountain Wrestling in July 1994 alongside D-Lo Brown, they would cut promos about activist Medgar Evers and O.J. Simpson to infuriate the southern white crowd. They would use fried chicken and watermelons as props and win matches as a result of a two count (rather than the conventional three count), purportedly due to Affirmative Action. Ring announcers would, on more than one occasion, confuse their hometown as being Louisiana (LA) instead of Los Angeles (L.A.) which would entice New Jack to verbally abuse the announcer. Killer Kyle would join the Gangstas in March 1995 during their feud with Jim Cornette and Bob Armstrong. They would primarily feud with The Rock 'n' Roll Express, The Thugs, and PG-13.
Extreme Championship Wrestling (1995-1997) [ edit ]
New Jack and Mustafa left SMW in June 1995, in a controversial fashion,[1] which escalated the long-standing dispute between Paul Heyman and Jim Cornette. In ECW, the now two-man team were known for bringing weapons such as guitars, crutches and staple guns to the ring in trash cans and shopping carts, while the song "Natural Born Killaz" would play through their matches.[2][3] In a distinct difference from SMW, they were embraced as heroes by the northeastern crowd, and the team went on to hold the ECW World Tag Team Championship two times.
Split, solo careers and reunion [ edit ]
The team split in 1997 when Mustafa left ECW. New Jack found a new partner in John Kronus of The Eliminators, who like New Jack was left without a partner after the other half of The Eliminators, Perry Saturn, left ECW. Kronus and New Jack became known as The Gangstanators (a portmanteau of Gangstas and Eliminators) and held the ECW World Tag Team Championship once. With Mustafa gone, New Jack went on to greater fame, continuing to use the Gangsta gimmick. New Jack became a surprise attraction at Pay-Per-Views, and was known for answering open challenges by heels and doing run-ins to save babyfaces with his various weapons, to the crowd's delight. In 1999, The two former teammates began a feud when Mustafa returned for a brief while.
Independent circuit [ edit ]
On May 24, 2008, the Gangstas reunited for the first time in over 10 years at Xtreme Pro Wrestling's "Cold Day in Hell" in a match against the Westside NGZ.
Total Nonstop Action Wrestling [ edit ]
On August 8, 2010, the team made an appearance at Total Nonstop Action Wrestling's ECW reunion show, Hardcore Justice, assaulting Team 3D and Joel Gertner after a match. After the beatdown, Team 3D, The Gangsta's, Balls Mahoney and Axl Rotten celebrated in the ring.[4]
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
Other titles
NGWA Tag Team Championship (1 time)
See also [ edit ]
It's Happening! Farmer's Market in McGolrick Park
I was so delighted when I got this great news from Nicole Reed, the hero who is behind starting the petition to get a green market in McGolrick Park!
“Hi Jen: I'm happy to report that Community Markets has confirmed the farmers market at McGolrick Park will open on June 3rd! As of then, it will run every Sunday, from 11:00 am – 4:00 pm, through November 18th, 2012. We are confirming vendors as I write this, and so far we're lining up a wide variety of local produce, cheeses, meats, pickles, honey, breads and baked goods. The vendors will set up along the Russell Street sidewalk, with ample space for everybody, between Driggs and Nassau Avenues.
Community Markets wishes to thank everyone who encouraged this market by signing the petition of support. We also thank the Community Board 1, Stephanie Thayer of the Open Space Alliance, District Leader Lincoln Restler, Reverend Griffin Thomas of The Lutheran Church of the Messiah, and the Friends of McGolrick Park. This market is happening due to their community advocacy — and the vocal support of many others. We're thrilled to bring fresh foods from regional farmers and artisanal producers to Greenpoint!
AND there's more: Due to an under served demand for local food in our area, Community Markets is also opening a farmers market at Cooper Park in East Williamsburg. It will also begin on June 3rd and run every Sunday through November 18th, from 11:00 am – 4:00 pm. Shoppers will find their vendors on the Maspeth Avenue side of the park. We're getting enthusiastic response from area farmers about this market, too, and we'll forward the full vendor list once it is confirmed.
Thank you,
Nicole Reed”
From Buffalo Springfield to CSNY to a storied solo career, Neil Young has more than made his name in the rock game. Now, thanks to East Carolina University biologist Jason Bond, he's also making a name for himself in science.
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links. Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue.
Literally.
Bond discovered a new species of trapdoor spider last year in Alabama and set about publishing a paper about it with Norman I. Platnick, curator at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City. When it came time to name his discovery, Bond reached not into the annals of science but those of music, dubbing it Myrmekiaphila neilyoungi (teach your children how to pronounce that). While it was Young's diverse sonic offerings that initially attracted Bond to the idea, it was the Canadian legend's track record on sociopolitics that clinched the deal.
"I really enjoy his music," Bond explained in a press release, "and have had a great appreciation of him as an activist for peace and justice."
In honor of Bond's discovery, take a listen to Young's epic tale of colonization "Cortez the Killer" below. I would have posted his more topically polemical tune "Let's Impeach the President," but I just like my job too much.
Photo: ©1976 Mark Estabrook
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Donald Trump promised to cancel the Paris Climate Agreement and restore jobs in the coal industry
At UN climate talks in Morocco, countries say they are prepared to move ahead without the US.
President-elect Trump has said that he will "cancel" the Paris Climate Agreement within 100 days of taking office.
Negotiators in Marrakech say that such a move would seriously damage the credibility of the US.
But fossil fuel supporters say Mr Trump's plans prioritise the needs of American families.
Cancelling the deal
The election of a candidate viewed with horror by many environmental campaigners, has cast a significant shadow over COP22 - the annual meeting of climate delegates from almost 200 countries.
They have come to Marrakech to work on the nuts and bolts of the Paris Climate Agreement.
However the election of Mr Trump now poses something of a threat to the deal signed less than a year ago in the French capital.
The treaty commits governments to take action to keep global temperatures from rising by 2C above pre-industrial levels and to do their best to keep that rise to less than 1.5 degrees.
But Mr Trump has promised that within 100 days of taking office he would "cancel" the agreement and "stop all payments of US tax dollars to UN global warming programmes".
Aware of Mr Trump's intentions, countries speedily ratified the Paris deal and it became a binding part of international law on 4 November.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Climate activists protested at Trump's election outside climate talks in Morocco
If the new president wants to take the US out of the agreement, the process will require four years before he is free of it.
But while that might frustrate Mr Trump, he has also promised within his first 100 days, to rescind the executive actions that President Obama has taken to limit US emissions of carbon.
The key element of the Obama scheme was the Clean Power Plan, that aimed to severely restrict CO2 from energy production.
On the campaign trail, Donald Trump repeatedly denounced the costs of the plan and said he would reverse it.
"It also means scrapping the EPA's so-called Clean Power Plan, which the government itself estimates will cost $7.2bn a year. This Obama-Clinton directive will shut down most, if not all, coal-power electricity plants," he told an audience in New York in September.
The President-elect's plans to renege on the Paris Agreement and push forward with coal have been condemned by green groups globally.
"Trump's election is a disaster, but it cannot be the end of the international climate process," said May Boeve from 350.org.
"We're not giving up the fight and neither should the international community. Trump will try and slam the brakes on climate action, which means we need to throw all of our weight on the accelerator."
In Marrakech, where up to 20,000 participants from all over the world are trying to advance the Paris Climate Agreement, there was a strong sense that the President-elect's promises wouldn't sabotage the deal.
"I'm sure that the rest of the world will continue to work on it," Moroccan chief negotiator Aziz Mekouar told wire agencies.
Others felt that the practicalities of office may change Mr Trump's tone.
"Now that the election campaign has passed and the realities of leadership settle in, I expect he will realise that climate change is a threat to his people and to whole countries which share seas with the US, including my own,'' said Marshall Islands President Hilda Heine at the meeting.
However, Mr Trump's promise to rapidly get out of the Paris agreement and to push forward with a coal friendly policy have been welcomed by groups representing the fossil fuel industry.
According to the American Energy Alliance (AEA), which has attracted funding from companies and individuals opposed to green energy, the election presented the opportunity to reset the "harmful" policies of the last generation.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Trump's support for coal has resonated with his followers
"We were among the first organisations to endorse President-elect Trump," the AEA said in a statement.
"We're excited to work with his administration to put forth energy policies that will deliver affordable energy to American families, invigorate the economy, and create more opportunities for future generations."
For delegates in Marrakech, Mr Trump's promises to pull out of Paris and his general climate scepticism are an unwelcome distraction but not as yet a derailment.
Many believe that over time, the realities of a changing climate would bring even the wealthy businessman into line.
"It's clear Donald Trump is about to be one of the most powerful people in the world," said Alden Meyer, from the Union of Concerned Scientists.
"But even he does not have the power to amend and change the laws of physics, to stop the impacts of climate change, to stop the rising sea levels."
Follow Matt on Twitter and on Facebook
NBA Power Rankings: Rough patch for Warriors, streaking Spurs By Marc Stein | ESPN.com
Monday, Jan. 18
Select One Preseason 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 Team: Select One Atlanta Boston Brooklyn Charlotte Chicago Cleveland Dallas Denver Detroit Golden State Houston Indiana LA Clippers LA Lakers Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minnesota New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Portland Sacramento San Antonio Toronto Utah Washington Week:Team:
The gap here is even narrower than it is in the standings. In truth? There's really no gap.
The San Antonio Spurs, at worst, deserve to be tied with the Golden State Warriors atop ESPN.com's weekly NBA Power Rankings, thanks to a 11-game winning streak in which they've posted five wins by 25 points or more and have trailed in the fourth quarter only once.
However ...
Since we don't and have never done ties here, Golden State has hung on to the No. 1 spot -- at least with your trusty Committee of One -- even after suffering its first two-loss week of the season.
I know, I know: San Antonio has been a juggernaut for the past six weeks and had sliced Golden State's lead in the West to just a game and a half entering this Rankings Monday. Yet we're just not prepared to demote a team that, as covered in greater detail below in the comment space, has lost exactly one game all season when (A) it was fielding its full complement of players and (B) it wasn't playing in the second half of a road back-to-back.
Saturday night's drubbing in Detroit, in Draymond Green's annual homecoming to Michigan, means that the Warriors have suddenly fallen a game behind Chicago's pace in 1995-96, when the Bulls were 38-3 at the same stage en route to a historically the best record of 72-10. But Golden State's supposed slump -- going 9-2 over the past 11 games with a comparatively modest average nightly margin of plus-4.8 points per game -- simply isn't slump-y enough for us to ditch 'em.
Stay tuned, though. Monday's visit to Cleveland continues a really r-u-g-g-e-d stretch of schedule for the Dubs, with a stop to come Wednesday night in Chicago before challenging home dates with Indiana, San Antonio and Dallas. The Spurs might well snatch the No. 1 ranking away before the teams finally meet next Monday night in the most anticipated game of the regular season so far.
But let's wait and see. A return to Cleveland for the first time since clinching the franchise's first championship in 40 years could also prove to be the spark Golden State needs to dial its defensive intensity and overall energy back up to the levels witnessed during its 28-2 rampaging start.
More on the Committee's thinking in assembling this week's ladder can be found, as always, via Stein Line Live. Thanks as always, furthermore, to Micah Adams and all of our pals within the NBA wing of ESPN Stats & Information, as well as the Elias Sports Bureau, for the priceless data assistance they provide week after week in helping us with all of our calculations. You can comment on the latest 1-to-30 order below:
Longford Town's Colm James has received an 18 month ban after being found guilty on six counts of breaching rules associated with match integrity.
In a statement released by the FAI it stated:
The FAI Disciplinary Committee has banned a Longford Town player from all football-related activities for 18 months after he was found guilty on six counts of breaching FAI Rules associated with match integrity. The player has the right of appeal under FAI Rule 158.
Following a two month detailed investigation involving UEFA, FIFA and An Garda Síochána, the FAI's Disciplinary Regulations Officer brought a case against the player to the FAI Disciplinary Committee.
After hearing evidence from both sides, the FAI Disciplinary Committee found the Longford Town FC player had breached FAI Rules 95, 99.1, 102.1, 102.2a, 102.2e, 102.2f.
This decision has been made with reference to sporting rules and procedures only. Any other action which may be taken is a matter for statutory authorities.
FAI Rule Book 2013
RULE 95. BRINGING THE GAME INTO DISREPUTE
Any Member or Participant who has brought the game of football or the FAI into disrepute by any means, written, verbal, by action or otherwise shall be sanctioned with a suspension and/or fine and/or a ban on performing any football related activity or other sanction deemed appropriate.
RULE 99. CORRUPTION 1. Anyone who offers, promises or grants an unjustified advantage to a body or employee of the FAI, a Match Official, a Player or an Official on behalf of himself or a third party in an attempt to incite it or him to violate the rules of the FAI, the Confederations or FIFA shall be sanctioned: a) with a fine, and/or; b) with a ban on taking part in any football-related activity and/or; c) with a ban on entering any stadium
RULE 102. BETTING / GAMBLING
1. Anyone who engages in any behaviour that damages or could damage the integrity of matches and competitions may be subject to disciplinary sanctions. All persons are obliged to cooperate fully with the Association in all efforts to combat such behaviour.
2. Anyone who engages in any of the following may be subject to disciplinary sanction: a) acting in a manner that is likely to exert an influence on the course and/or result of a match or competition by means of behaviour with a view to gaining an advantage for themselves or a third party; e) failing to immediately and voluntarily inform the Association if approached in connection with activities aimed at influencing the course and/or result of a match or competition;
f) failing to immediately and voluntarily report to the Association any behaviour that they may be aware of that falls within the scope of this Rule;
The pride flag is getting even more colorful.
In celebration of LGBT Pride Month, the city of Philadelphia has revamped the iconic pride flag. The six colors we've come to associate with the flag are intact, but the flag includes two new stripes: black and brown.
According to a statement on the website for the campaign, More Color More Pride , the flag is meant to recognize LGBTQ people of color and recognize ways people can make the community more inclusive.
"To fuel this important conversation, we've expanded the colors of the flag to include black and brown," the statement reads. "It may seem like a small step. But together we can make big strides toward a truly inclusive community."
An accompanying campaign video talks about the many ways the LGBTQ community can be less than inclusive toward LGBTQ people of color.
Sorry This video does not exist. Philadelphia's new pride flag campaign video Source: Hello Tierney/Vimeo
Aside from fueling a conversation, the flag is also a sign of progress in the Philadelphia community, which has been working to address racism in the LGBTQ community, Philadelphia reports. In the past six months, the Philadelphia Commission on Human Rights has mandated sensitivity trainings for bars and nonprofits catering to the LGBTQ community.
In April, a local HIV -positive artist stopped taking his HIV meds to protest a lack of transparency and institutional racism at Mazzoni Center, Philadelphia's LGBTQ community health center.
According to Philadelphia , the city will unveil the flag Thursday at an official event at city hall.
It doesn't take a genius to work out that the one complaint most likely to be levelled at To The Bone is that, horror of horrors, it's not as, you know, proggy as it might be. Ignoring the fact that Steven Wilson has covered more than enough musical ground to facilitate a move into pretty much any genre you may care to mention, his ongoing status as modern progressive rock's godfather and engine driver means that his most myopic admirers will shit a polished brick when they realise that his fifth solo album is, above all, a pop record. Admittedly, it's an extremely progressive pop record and one that boasts plenty of stylistic and textural links to previous albums, but with only four of its 11 tracks exceeding five minutes in length and a prevailing inclination toward traditional song structures, it's a long way from the conceptual opulence of The Raven That Refused To Sing and Hand.Cannot.Erase. Wilson himself has cited the influence of the great, prog-tinged pop albums of the 80s, and the aesthetic connection to the likes of Tears For Fears, Talk Talk and So-era Peter Gabriel is certainly apparent here, but these songs are all noisily underpinned by their author's formidable musical personality. As a result, what could have been a self-conscious paean to the wide-eyed 80s sounds more like a fervent and meticulous tribute to the very notion of the song itself.
The opening title track certainly dares to tease prog diehards, with a somewhat bleak snatch of spoken word leading into some decidedly Floydian atmospherics, but when the melody kicks in and the arrangement reveals itself, it's very plain that the vivid indulgences of years past have been quietly, if temporarily, shoved in a cupboard. Both Nowhere Now and Pariah exhibit a passing resemblance to some of Porcupine Tree's more succinct moments, but where Wilson's former band would have filled the sonic foreground with densely layered ideas, To The Bone is more concerned with space, elegance and the delicate power of simple things executed with finesse. Pariah, in particular, is stunning: it drifts with glacial, Blue Nile-esque grace, bolstered by Wilson and Ninet Tayeb's understated but passionate duet and the spectral rush of hazy synths. Up next, The Same Asylum As Before is no all-out riff-fest, but its clangourous mid-section and mellifluous breakdown again tap into the spirit of Floyd, while its jagged, lurching chorus rocks is Led Zep's Kashmir mid-caffeine overdose: welcome reassurance for those worried that a more straightforward and genteel approach may have eliminated the 70s vibes and rock'n'roll swagger from Wilson's musical vocabulary. Even more exhilarating is People Who Eat Darkness: fiery, fast-paced and snotty of lyric, it is surely destined to be a live favourite and while it's slightly disconcerting to hear Wilson drop an f-bomb (‘I can hear you fuck your girlfriend through the wall…'), he delivers it with uncontained relish over some joyously scabrous agit rock riffs. Quite what prog purists will make of Permanating, a song so bright-eyed and poppy that Jeff Lynne might have turned it down for being a bit too bloody cheerful, is anyone's guess, but the hooks are irresistible, the jabbing piano pulse infectious and the key changes and melodic twists as innocently thrilling as anything ABBA did in the 70s. It's hard not to imagine Wilson having a little chuckle to himself, knowing that a few feathers are about to be ruffled, but that slight whiff of wilful subversion is more than balanced out by how beautifully crafted these songs are. By the time Song Of I slither into view with its faded Peter Gabriel T-shirt on, all Intruder-like stuttering beats, seismic bottom end and clattering percussion, it starts to seem ridiculous to suggest that To The Bone isn't, in fact, hugely rooted in prog territory, but once again there is a stripped down, crystalline precision to the melodies and structural shifts that sets this apart from much of Wilson's catalogue. Only the fidgeting, anxious Detonation hangs around long enough to enable the musicians involved to indulge themselves, but its sprawling mid-section owes more to Trevor Horn's futuristic funk-driven pop triumphs with Grace Jones and Frankie Goes To Hollywood than it does to King Crimson.
Ultimately, there is no need to panic and every reason to celebrate. He hasn't exactly taken a wild detour here, but there are a few curveballs to juggle and a sense that Steven Wilson is consciously rehabilitating an approach to pop music that, let's face it, is long overdue a widespread revival.
And, as with everything else, he does it better than most.
AFC
Denver Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian was named the AFC Offensive Player of the Week. The second-year passer topped 300 yards for the first time in his career, and did so against a vaunted Cincinnati Bengals defense. Siemian also threw four touchdowns - two of them deep bombs - after only throwing one in the first two weeks of the season.
Marcus Peters took home Defensive Player of the Week honors in the AFC after recording his second straight two-interception game. The emerging Kansas City Chiefs cornerback leads the NFL in picks over three games, and now has 12 in just 19 career regular-season games.
New England Patriots punter Ryan Allen was rewarded with AFC Special Teams Player of the Week honors for continuously pinning the Houston Texans deep in their own territory. Houston didn't start any of its drives past its own 25-yard line and failed to produce a single punt return yard - a huge factor in the Patriots' shutout Thursday night.
NFC
Carson Wentz earned the NFC Offensive Player of the Week award for his part in the Philadelphia Eagles' dominant win over the Pittsburgh Steelers. The rookie quarterback's two touchdowns and 301 yards passing were impressive, but his 74.2 percent completion percentage and 9.7 yards per attempt were otherworldly,
Minnesota Vikings defensive end Everson Griffen was named the NFC Defensive Player of the Week after sacking Cam Newton three times. Griffen added four total tackles to his pass-rushing impact, and did all of this after entering the game as questionable due to illness.
The NFC Special Teams Player of the Week honors went to Washington Redskins kicker Dustin Hopkins. The 25-year-old was perfect in Week 3, knocking down all five of his field-goal attempts, including a game-winning kick in the fourth quarter.
A group of ISIS supporters has threatened to take down Facebook and Twitter -- as well as their leaders.
Photos of Mark Zuckerberg and Jack Dorsey appear multiple times in a 25-minute video created by a group that calls itself the Sons Caliphate Army. The images of the two CEOs are sometimes engulfed in flames, or marked with bullet holes.
The video is in response to efforts by Facebook (FB) and Twitter (TWTR) to stop terrorist activity on their platforms.
A slide toward the end of the video reads, in English: "To Mark and Jack, founders of Twitter and Facebook / and to their Crusader government / You announce daily that you suspended many of our accounts / And to you we say: Is that all you can do? You are not in our league. If you close one account we will take 10 in return and soon your names will be erased after we delete you [sic] sites, Allah willing, and will know that we say is true. #Sons_Caliphate_Army"
In a separate slide, they also claim to have hacked more than 10,000 Facebook accounts, 150 Facebook groups, and more than 5,000 Twitter accounts.
"Many of these accounts have been given to supporters and if Allah permits the rest of them will be distributed also," they add.
Two scholars who track ISIS activity online confirmed that the video CNNMoney watched was posted Tuesday morning to multiple ISIS forums, including some on the social media platform Telegram. Existence of the video was first reported by Vocativ and The Sun.
ISIS and related terrorist groups have targeted Dorsey at least twice in the past year. A group of self-identified ISIS supporters threatened the Twitter founder and CEO in March of 2015 for closing hundreds of their social media accounts.
In its threat, the group claimed that Dorsey and his company started a "war" against the Islamic State, and that the "necks" of Twitter employees have "become an official target to ISIS soldiers and supporters."
Related: An app called Telegram is the 'hot new thing among Jihadists'
Twitter seems to have only stepped up its efforts to wipe ISIS off its platform since then.
A few weeks ago, the company announced it had suspended more than 125,000 accounts for threatening or supporting terrorist acts over the past several months.
Twitter also said it has grown its team that looks into reports of terror activity on its network.
During his keynote at Mobile World Congress this week, Zuckerberg reiterated his stance and Facebook's policy on helping to fight terrorism online.
"We feel like we have a pretty big responsibility running this big networking community to help prevent terrorism and different kinds of attacks," he said on Monday. "We have very strong policies on this."
Zuckerberg said in a past town hall that anything that incites violence or terrorism, "we just take down immediately."
Related: Mark Zuckerberg backs Apple in encryption debate
A Facebook spokeswoman did not immediately respond to request for comment on this week's threat.
A Twitter spokesman reiterated the company's policy and progress on suspending accounts that promote terrorism or any violent threat.
-- CNNMoney's Jose Pagliery contributed to this report
Transcript for Behind the scenes of how 'DuckTales' reboot was created
And finally tonight, we all have our favorite duck tales character. Some love Huey or Dewey or uncle scrooge. My personal favorite, ABC's Nick watt. ??? Duck tales ??? ??? whoo ooh ??? Reporter: Duc tales then. Tell me you're bringing back the theme tune. Oh, yeah. ??? Duck tales whoo ooh ??? Reporter: Duck tales now. And this is how they make it. Who plays who? How dare you? They're Dewey and Huey. Unlikely. Reporter: Dr. Who Dave tenant plays scrooge. It's a time machine! The first time that scrooge mcduck has ever been played by an actual scotsman. Reporter: Lin-manuel Miranda is gizmo duck. There is plenty shouting in the writers room. The future louie could be very bitter toward scrooge. Just because he didn't -- this scrooge is still alive. Reporter: Is it always like this or you're just overexcited because strangers are here? No. Reporter: It's always like this? Calm precision from the art director. Here's how he looks to the audience. Here's how he looks to us. He has to look consistent through the whole show and there are tons of people who work on it. This is a model sheet of Donald. Reporter: And time-consuming tweaking in animation and editing. The characters look like that and then we change it so they can be a little more on model. The way they drew his mouth is incorrect. They drew a mouth in front of his beak. Reporter: These oversized children are executive producer and head writer. Buck stops with them. Our main goal is to give kids today the feeling that we had. It really is created with a lot of love. Reporter: They gave me some groans and a line. Egyptian episode. Episode 109. Right. But if we attack tothra and he tells us to surrender we should do that, right? That was perfect. What? That was amazing. Oh, my goodness. Your contempt for my country really comes off. Reporter: Do not judge "Duck tales" reboot on my American accent. It's better than that. Keeping the spirit but mildly updated. I'm Nick watt for "Nightline," Burbank, California. Nice work, Nick. "Duck tales" is produced by our parent company, Disney.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
AUBURN, Alabama – Auburn's Gus Malzahn completed his coaching staff Friday when he hired a former Arkansas assistant who was also the Razorbacks' recruiting coordinator.
Auburn hired Tim Horton to coach tight ends as Malzahn closed out his coaching staff by hiring three assistants in the last two days. They are Horton,
and
Horton served as Arkansas' recruiting coordinator, the same position Craig held at Florida State and the position that new defensive line coach Rodney Garner held at Georgia. Garner has the title at Auburn.
Malzahn welcomed his ninth assistant coach Friday.
"Tim is a true professional and an outstanding coach and recruiter, who deserves a lot of credit for Arkansas' success while he was there," Malzahn said in a statement.
Horton said, "It is an honor and privilege to work at Auburn University with Coach Malzahn and the tremendous group of people and coaches that he's assembled."
Horton, a former Arkansas player and graduate, was the Razorbacks' running back coach and recruiting coordinator from 2008-12 after joining the staff in 2007. He was named as one of the nation's best recruiters by Rivals and ESPN during that time.
Horton coached running backs Darren McFadden, Felix Jones and Knile Davis at Arkansas.
Before Arkansas, Horton coached at Kansas State, Air Force, and Appalachian State.
Also on the staff are offensive coordinator Rhett Lashlee, offensive line coach J.B. Grimes, defensive coordinator Ellis Johnson, secondary coaches Charlie Harbison and Melvin Smith and Garner, who is the defensive line coach, recruiting coordinator and associate head coach.
Follow Auburn on Twitter:
The Daily Caller has surpassed Politico in website traffic, according to audience measurement tool Quantcast. In U.S. website rankings released by Quantcast Sunday, The Daily Caller ranked as the 275th most visited site in the U.S., while Politico has fallen to 315th.
“We founded The Daily Caller because we were confident that there was a massive audience of online readers tired of the same old conventional (and usually liberal) Washington coverage,” said Neil Patel, Publisher and CEO. “Passing a much larger staffed, older and better funded outfit like Politico after only three years proves our vision. Influential readers, both inside and outside the Beltway, are incorporating The Daily Caller in ever-increasing numbers into their regular media rotation to ensure that they get a complete picture of the news.”
Since its launch in 2010, The Daily Caller's traffic has risen at an accelerated rate, reaching an all-time high of over 8 million monthly unique users in October 2012, according to Google Analytics, another audience measurement tool. The site's growth rate has been remarkable, attracting 4 million monthly unique users in January 2012, just two years after launch. Comparatively, Politico, which launched in January 2007, took over four years to reach the 4 million mark, hitting it midway through 2011, according to a report from The Wrap. After record-breaking traffic numbers on election night, 2012, Politico's web traffic fell dramatically and has yet to rise to pre-election levels, according to Quantcast charts.
June 10-October 31, 2012
November 12, 2012-now
Uniques views July 2012-July 2013
“We think there's a direct connection between the toughness of our reporting and our growth,” said Tucker Carlson, this site's editor-in-chief. “Unlike a lot of Washington-based publications, we don't suck up to power, ever, and we think our readers appreciate that. Our job isn't to tout the president's agenda, or lovingly reprint every talking point that emerges from the West Wing. We practice traditional journalism, holding politicians accountable for their actions. It turns out there's still a market for that.”
Patel added, “Our astronomical growth is a testament to the tireless, dedicated and hyper-energetic staff at TheDC. We could not be prouder of the team of rock stars we have assembled. They are kicking butt every day, and we thank them for that.”
Quantcast rankings are based on the previous 30 days of traffic for a website. In June, The Daily Caller recorded over 7.3 million unique users, according to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics numbers for Politico were not available.
In addition to Virginia-based Politico, The Daily Caller has also passed the websites for other mainstream establishment media outlets in the Quantcast rankings, including USA Today (297th), the BBC (339th), NPR (352nd), Chicago Tribune (359th), the New Yorker (466th) and the Financial Times (499th).
Follow The Daily Caller on Twitter
Like The Daily Caller on Facebook
ATO website offline for 5 hours as Australians tried to submit tax returns
Updated
The Australian Taxation Office's online services were taken offline for more than five hours on Wednesday, frustrating thousands of Australians hoping to lodge their tax returns.
Key points: Online service to lodge tax returns was offline for more than five hours
Outage not caused by a denial of service attack or a cyber-attack
Tax commissioner had said ATO has "ground to make up" on reputation and credibility
The system outage came just hours after tax commissioner Chris Jordan said he was pleased with how the IT systems had been handling the increased traffic during tax time.
The outage was not caused by a denial of service attack or a cyber-attack and a spokesman for the office says no data was lost or compromised.
"We identified intermittent system issues early this afternoon [on Wednesday] affecting our mainframe and impacting on our services to the community," said an ATO statement.
"This was caused by applications running incorrectly. We took controlled action to reboot our mainframe and resolve this issue."
The decision to take services offline was designed to ensure the online services were available between 8pm and 9pm, which is when most Australians lodge their tax returns.
The tax office has apologised for any inconvenience.
Earlier on Wednesday, tax commissioner Chris Jordan told the National Press Club IT issues were damaging the ATO's reputation and credibility.
"There is no getting away from the fact that these … matters have had a negative impact on the ATO's standing in the community," he said.
"I understand only too well we have ground to make up."
The tax office has struggled with multiple unplanned IT outages as recently as December, February and late June.
"These outages were highly unusual and were disruptive for the users of our systems, particularly the tax profession, the superannuation and software industries," Mr Jordan said.
"I wish I could give you an ironclad guarantee that our systems would be available 100 per cent of the time.
"That is simply not reality when you are talking about very large and complex systems.
"While we believe we have done everything we can and expect things to go smoothly, we are ready to respond quickly if there are any hiccups or unexpected outages."
Topics: tax, government-and-politics, computers-and-technology, internet-technology, australia
First posted
1
Pulling a trigger can cause the weapon to jerk slightly, while a controlled squeeze allows you to keep the weapon on target.
Act as though you are attempting to close your fist through the weapon's handle to squeeze the trigger instead of pulling it.
Despite the common phrase “pull the trigger,” you should never pull a trigger on a rifle or pistol. Always squeeze the trigger with slow, steady pressure. Pulling a trigger can alter the direction the weapon is pointed slightly, and although the shift may be difficult to notice as you fire, it will be evident when your round fails to impact where you intended. Try counting to three or five in your head as you slowly squeeze the trigger, then leave the trigger pulled for a one count before releasing it.
By Andrew Salmon
It was a symposium at a Seoul university, the subject was international promotion of Korean food and an earnest professor was arguing that Korean food should be marketed on its basis as a healthy cuisine.
She called for comments. I suggested that this might be a poor strategy given the health risks associated with Korean cuisine. She was outraged and responded that Korean dietary health issues were due to imported foodstuffs. When I quoted related statistics, she dismissed them brusquely: "I have never heard of those!"
She is not alone. It is an article of faith in Korea that the local diet is "healthy" while foreign (particularly, Western) cuisine in the country is "unhealthy."
This thinking is half-right.
Certainly, the fast foods which are the most prominent imported cuisines in Korea are, indeed, unhealthy. It is no secret that they cause obesity and related cardiac problems.
But believing that Korean food is healthy because it does not engender obesity is simplistic thinking, for not all diseases display external symptoms. Some facts:
One: For males and females, South Koreans have the highest rates of stomach (gastric) cancer per person among 48 countries surveyed by the American Association for Cancer Research in 2002.
Two: The most frequent cancer found in Korea since statistics were first compiled in 1999 is stomach cancer, according to the Gastric Cancer Journal in 2011.
Three: In terms of the percentage of population killed by stomach cancer, Korea has the 10th-highest rate in the world, according to worldlifeexpectancy.com. (The only other OECD nation in the top 10 was China; the rest were developing nations, suggesting Korean risks are even higher, as Korea has a better medical system, ergo higher survivability.)
Granted, diet is not the only cause of stomach cancer: Bacteriological infection and tobacco are also factors. But the food we eat and the health of our stomachs is linked.
Researchers believe salty and pickled foods are most problematic. According to the World Health Organization, a person should eat no more than 5 grams of sodium per day; Koreans eat 13.4g.
Key Korean ingredients are kimchi, jang (fermented pastes), soy sauce, sesame, garlic and chili. Among these, the flagship ingredients unique to Korean cuisine are kimchi and jang; both are pickled and heavily salted.
Moreover, Koreans tend to eat vegetables in pickled, rather than fresh, form, but it is the latter which are anti-stomach cancer agents.
Before anyone starts accusing conspiratorial foreign researchers of spreading foul rumors, let me point out that a paper in the Gastric Cancer Journal in 2011 found that high intakes of kimchi and jang were risk factors, as written by a team of Korean researchers supported by the National Cancer Center of Korea.
Moreover, a paper bluntly entitled, "Kimchi and soybean pastes are risk factors in gastric cancer," published in the World Journal of Gastroenterology in 2005, was based on research conducted by Chungbuk National University.
Still, it is not surprising that the culinary professor was unaware of the above, because it appears that unpleasant facts about Korean cuisine are suppressed or unmentionable for nationalistic reasons.
The L.A. Times reported in 2006 that the Chungbuk National University researchers had been unable to publish their findings in Korea. The story also quoted a Seoul university professor who was aware of kimchi's health risks, but who refused to discuss them, on the basis that kimchi represents national cuisine.
This is not just disingenuous, it is dishonest. The pros and cons of other cuisines are widely known so why should the risk factors of Korean cuisine not be made clear to those people most affected ― i.e. Koreans?
I don't wish to be alarmist, and I am looking at just one health factor (stomach cancer) affecting Korea cuisine. In other areas, it certainly is healthy vis-a-vis imported cuisines: for example, it is low in calories. But as cancer research makes clear, the story is not exclusively positive.
Does this spell disaster for the international promotion of Korean food? No.
As anyone walking down a U.S. or U.K. street will notice, obesity is common. In the developed world today, people no longer eat to survive, they eat to enjoy. Hence U.S. fast food; despite its widely publicized health risks, is the most popular international cuisine.
Even if Korean food is not uber-healthy, it is extremely tasty, so I would suggest Korean food marketers downplay "health" and talk up "taste."
And of course "everything in moderation." Korean food problems are largely about eating too much of it. Foreign diners are not going to be shoveling Korean food down three times a day, so for them, the risks are minor. In sum: While foreigners should eat more Korean cuisine, Koreans should eat less of it.
February 4, 2015. Borussia Dortmund are bottom of the league. They've just been beaten at home by FC Augsburg and it's their 11th defeat from 19 games. How swiftly they have fallen. Bundesliga champions in 2011 and 2012, Champions League finalists in 2013, Jurgen Klopp's once-vibrant and mesmerising team are a shadow of themselves.
September 12, 2015. Borussia Dortmund are back at the top, albeit after only four games. They came from behind to beat Hannover away from home, they've maintained their 100% win record and at last, they're back alongside Bayern Munich. Even a man as positive as new manager Thomas Tuchel could not have envisaged a better start.
Tuchel shares many similarities with his predecessor. Both were managers of Mainz before moving on to Dortmund, both surprised many by overachieving with such an unfashionable outfit. Both are charismatic, gifted man-managers, as adept at kicking bottoms as they are putting arms around shoulders. But Tuchel knows that to succeed he must be his own man, rather than remaining in the long shadow of Klopp.
So who is Tuchel? After an uninspiring playing career with the likes of Augsburg and Stuttgarter Kickers in Germany's lower tiers, he joined SSV Ulm in 1994, playing 69 matches in four years before being forced to end his playing days due to a chronic cartilage injury.
Tuchel's managerial career began in 2000 as the head coach of Stuttgart's U19 side, before he returned to his former club Augsburg where he worked as youth team co-ordinator for three years. In August 2009, after a period as U19 manager, he was named as head coach of newly promoted Mainz, his first experience of taking over at a club where former manager Klopp was revered.
Tuchel surprised many in leading Die Nullfünfer to 5th place the following season. The young manager again qualified for the Europa League in 2013/14, before asking for his contract to be terminated with one year still remaining on his deal. After initially having had his request refused, Tuchel got his way and left the club in June 2014. To this day, the precise circumstances of his departure remain clouded.
After taking a season-long sabbatical, it was announced on April 19, 2015 that Tuchel would be taking over from Jurgen Klopp at Borussia Dortmund. The 42 year-old had been out of football completely since leaving Mainz, even admitting that he barely watched the World Cup in Brazil. Tuchel claimed that he had learned to “live a little slower”, but with a new challenge facing him at the Westfalenstadion, he seemed reinvigorated. “I wanted to train a top Bundesliga club, with big tradition, that can challenge for German honours. That's possible here.”
The most obvious change to Dortmund since Tuchel's arrival has been the change in their playing style. Klopp brought Gegenpressing, a quick and intensive style which promotes constant pressure of the opposition, forcing errors and capitalising on the counter attack. This was a style which contributed greatly to their Bundesliga titles in 2010/11 and 2011/12, in addition to a DFB Pokal victory and their run to the Champions League final in 2013. However, last season's Dortmund looked tired, uninspired and out of ideas, unable to summon up the energy for Gegenpressing , reduced to long balls fired forward from the back which couldn't have been any less suited to the strengths of their forward line.
The change in BVB's fortunes this season has been down to a number of factors, but the decision to go back to the basics, returning to the quick, counter attacking style of old has been an inspired one. Not only have they ripped teams apart on the break, but Tuchel's men have shown that they are more than capable of playing a passing game as well, dominating possession in their last four Bundesliga fixtures against Borussia Monchengladbach (60%), FC Ingolstadt (61%), Hertha Berlin (54%) and Hannover 96 (72%).
Klopp was also a firm believer in the 4-2-3-1 formation, whereas Tuchel uses 4-1-4-1 as a base formation, which can then be adapted into either a 4-2-3-1, 4-3-3 or even a 4-1-3-2.
In terms of personnel, Dortmund try to keep the first eleven as consistent as possible. Summer signing Roman Burki has established himself as the number one goalkeeper ahead of Roman Weidenfeller, impressing despite his relatively young ‘goalkeeping age' of 24. In defence, Mats Hummels and Marcel Schmelzer, in particular, look like transformed players and have started every single Bundesliga match thus far. Hummels opened up about his troubles last season, stating in an interview ”I felt and looked very sluggish. My weight was a catastrophe for me. Eating became a vice for me, and because of my frustrations, I fell into a vicious circle.” But now after working with Tuchel on his diet, the 26 year-old revealed that his weight is ‘significantly lower' and that he's in a ‘very different shape to 2014'.
The midfield of Julian Weigl, Ilkay Gundogan, Henrikh Mkhitaryan and Shinji Kagawa, like Hummels and Schmelzer have also been ever present in the club's early Bundesliga campaign.
Weigl, the 20 year-old summer signing from 1860 Munich has settled in quickly at Dortmund and is already becoming a key member of the first team squad. Stationed as the deep lying playmaker, his metronomic passing style combined with his ability to read and intercept danger has become invaluable to the balance of the side, drawing praise from his manager on several occasions. “Julian has made a very good impression the whole time he's been here” said Tuchel. “He is thrilling us with his briskness and carefree attitude, but at the same time, he displays the ability to learn and to soak things up. He is a totally clear, cordial and open young man.”
After a summer exit looked likely, Gundogan surprised many by signing a contract extension and returning to the side with his injury and weight problems apparently behind him. Recapturing his stunning 2012 form, the German constantly buzzes around the pitch linking everything together. Kagawa, like Gundogan, has excelled in his new free role, floating gracefully in the final third demonstrasting incredible vision and technical ability. His spell at Manchester United was far from pleasant, but after settling back in last season, we are now witnessing the Kagawa of old.
Not only is the form of Gundogan and Kagawa a positive development for Tuchel, but so to is the resurgence of Mkhitaryan. The Armenian struggled last season only scoring five goals, but he already has nine goals and seven assists to his name in all competitions. His new role on the left wing allows him to play wide, but also drift in centrally where he is at his most dangerous. Weigl was mentioned earlier as a key figure in maintaining balance, but Mkhitaryan is also key to that as he typifies the side's natural tendency to attack via the left, not to mention the ability to utilise his speed on the counter attack.
Leading the line is Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, who is perfect for Tuchel's new system. Able to run the channels well due to his days as a right winger for Saint Etienne, the Gabonese international's speed and clever movement makes him a nightmare to defend against, andy the standard of his finishing has improved since his arrival at the the club in 2013. A threat in behind, a good free kick taker and increasingly effective in the air, the €13m fee that Klopp paid for him now looks a bargain.
Finally, there is Marco Reus. Undoubtedly Dortmund's best player who, when available, brings an aura to the side that cannot be replicated. Technically gifted, intelligent and determined – keeping the Dortmund born midfielder fit could be the difference between silverware and sorrow at the end of the campaign. With six goals and one assist to date, his connection with Mkhitaryan and Aubameyang has been a catalyst for Dortmund's strong early season form. The trio have combined to create and score over 50% of their goals this season.
Below is the 4-1-4-1 formation that was used against Borussia Monchengladbach on the opening day of the season. As you can see, Weigl was the deepest midfielder instructed to dictate play, which allowed Gundogan and Kagawa to push forward slightly. Overloading the centre of the park was a tactical decision, Tuchel knowing full well that Gladbach's 4-4-2 could be exploited when pressed, targeting Lars Stindl's limitations on the ball in the centre of midfield especially.
Three out of the four goals scored against Gladbach, came from either Weigl or Hummels passing through Gladbach's midfield four, to Schmelzer, Gundogan and Kagawa who were then able to create the chance. The 4-1-4-1 formation instantly created uncertainty in the opposition, as they were not sure whether to press Weigl on the ball or man mark the advancing midfielders drifting into space. This created a half and half effect, which in effect caused Gladbach to neither press nor man mark, giving Aubameyang and Reus criminal amounts of space in and around the box. You don't want to give those two space, and Lucien Favre's men were duly punished.
In their second fixture, the choice to use a 4-3-3 against Ingolstadt was partly based on the home side's decision to use a 4-3-3 as well. With the 4-1-4-1 that had been serving them so well, it can sometimes be easy to pass quickly through the midfield, leaving Weigl isolated with two or more runners to mark at once. Dropping Gundogan and Kagawa slightly deeper provided the midfield with athleticism to cover runners, but also the technical ability to keep the ball and pass through Ingolstadt when they pressed.
Once Dortmund began to gain control of possession in the second half, they reverted back to their 4-1-4-1 formation which then outnumbered the midfield three of Ingolstadt. This caused the newly promoted side to try to congest the middle of the park to deal with the likes of Gundogan, Kagawa and Mkhitaryan, which subsequently left the flanks open for their full backs Schmelzer and Ginter. This space out wide proved crucial, with Ginter, filling in at right back for the injured Lukas Piszczek, ending the game with a goal and an assist in a 4-0 victory.
This 4-2-3-1 formation was used in their most recent Bundesliga tie against Hannover, where Dortmund were again the victors. Away from home, it's understandable that Gundogan was asked to share defensive responsibilty with Weigl, as Jonas Hofmann came in on the right to replace the injured Marco Reus. Going forward, Tuchel used Mkhitaryan almost as a support striker coming off the wing, which would then mean Kagawa drifting over to the left and Gundogan filling in as the number ten.
The alternating between a 4-2-3-1 when defending and a 4-1-3-2 when attacking gave Dortmund control in any stage of the game. The shield of Weigl, Gundogan and even Kagawa dropping deep congested the midfield when Hannover were in possession, keeping Aubameyang, Mkhitaryan and Hofmann ready in wide areas to exploit the space in behind on the counter. But when they wanted to pass the ball around, Gundogan would then step up and create another option in the final third, drawing the main Hannover defensive midfielder Salif Sane out of position with two players to mark rather than one, leaving big gaps down the centre. Despite conceding two sloppy goals, Dortmund's plan to overload their attack again proved too much to handle for their opponents, scoring four goals for the third time this season in the Bundesliga.
In his first press conference as Dortmund manager, Tuchel was keen to praise his predecessor stating that “Jurgen Klopp had seven unbelievably successful seasons here. We will now try to create a new chapter at a high level.” But he intentionally concluded by saying that, “Klopp created a great foundation. We must build on that. I have a great desire to build and create my own image here.”
After a record ten wins out of ten, 35 goals scored and only nine conceded, breathing new life into a tired squad and filling the fans full of optimism again, Tuchel is not only creating his own image, but perhaps on the verge of producing a masterpiece.
Like this sort of thing? Check out the profile on European Championship surprise package Slovakia.
Borussia Dortmund Odds
But increasingly the businesses are being outbid by countries with the goal of exploiting the flaws in pursuit of the kind of success, albeit temporary, that the United States and Israel achieved three summers ago when they attacked Iran's nuclear enrichment program with a computer worm that became known as “Stuxnet.”
The flaws get their name from the fact that once discovered, “zero days” exist for the user of the computer system to fix them before hackers can take advantage of the vulnerability. A “zero-day exploit” occurs when hackers or governments strike by using the flaw before anyone else knows it exists, like a burglar who finds, after months of probing, that there is a previously undiscovered way to break into a house without sounding an alarm.
“Governments are starting to say, ‘In order to best protect my country, I need to find vulnerabilities in other countries,' ” said Howard Schmidt, a former White House cybersecurity coordinator. “The problem is that we all fundamentally become less secure.”
A zero-day bug could be as simple as a hacker's discovering an online account that asks for a password but does not actually require typing one to get in. Bypassing the system by hitting the “Enter” key becomes a zero-day exploit. The average attack persists for almost a year — 312 days — before it is detected, according to Symantec, the maker of antivirus software. Until then it can be exploited or “weaponized” by both criminals and governments to spy on, steal from or attack their target.
Ten years ago, hackers would hand knowledge of such flaws to Microsoft and Google free, in exchange for a T-shirt or perhaps for an honorable mention on a company's Web site. Even today, so-called patriotic hackers in China regularly hand over the information to the government.
MANILA – Did you know that the precooked meat brand Spam has a variant that is inspired by a Filipino breakfast dish?
Spam is currently offering a “limited edition” Tocino variant at $3 each, according to its website. The label shows the popular meat product with a glaze similar to tocino, a sweet pork dish usually served for breakfast in Filipino homes.
Spam Tocino. Photo from Spam's website
Nutrition facts of Spam Tocino show that it has less sodium (590 mg per 2-oz serving) compared to its original variant (790 mg), although it has one gram of sugar per serving.
Some netizens have been talking about Spam Tocino on Twitter after the restaurant smartphone app Looloo shared the trivia via the microblogging site.
Other variants of Spam include Less Sodium, Black Pepper, Teriyaki, Chorizo, With Cheese, Hickory Smoke, Jalapeño, With Bacon and Hot and Spicy.
The year was 1999 and WCW being true to its nature, made another bumbling, expensive error by opening the WCW Nitro Grill in Las Vegas. WCW's ship had well and truly sailed by this point and instead of being the trendsetter, WCW was just copying whatever WWF was doing. At the time, WWF was arguably at the peak of their powers. At the start of 1999 they opened WWF New York – their own version of Hard Rock Cafe. Anything WWF can do, WCW can do better, right? Well, you could say WCW was the winner if most money wasted is your metric. The WCW Nitro Grill lasted just over a year. WWF New York fared a bit better by lasting a few years before the plug was pulled due to the themed restaurant being a total money sinkhole. I actually went to the WCW Nitro Grill. Despite being pretty down on WCW at the time, I thought it would be worth checking out. The place was “alright,” but “alright” won't really cut it in the restaurant trade. The highlight of the dining experience was the wrestler themed dishes. I had the “Goldburger.” Given that he's a proud, practitioner of the Jewish faith, the “Goldburger” was the least kosher meal you can imagine: a giant, overly cheesed cheeseburger. At least there wasn't any bacon in it, I think. Much like a victim of Goldberg's spear, I spent the latter part of that evening clutching my midsection in pain.
My trip to the WCW Nitro Grill and subsequent pondering of its fate got me thinking about wrestling related food ventures. So here I've decided to dig a little deeper into the subject and highlight some other examples of when wrestling joined forces with food and left us not wanting more.
Hulk Hogan's “Pastamania”
Hulk Hogan's 1995 foray into fast food started with a bang by being heavily shilled by WCW on their debut episode of Monday Nitro. Monday Nitro went on to do really well. The same can't be said for “Pastamania.” The venture coughed and spluttered until its closing less than a year later. When I think of fast food, I think burgers, hot dogs and so on. Not heavy, glutinous pasta. “Hulkaroo” sounded like an Australian take on the Incredible Hulk. Not something I'd grab for a snack.
WWE Pizza Prints
What's that? You want no anchovies but go heavy on the Triple H? I feel like WCW are copping all the flak, so it's time to lay into WWE for their crimes against food. For some reason, someone at WWE figured that slapping a thin, edible, paper-like substance with Sheamus's mug on it would appeal to both pizza lovers and WWE fans. Now, I'm a fan of both The Walking Dead and toasted paninis, but I don't want an image of a rotting-fleshed zombie on my sandwich. One Redditor describes the prints as such, “it was like a wet piece of paper draped over pizza, the image kept stretching and distorting.” At least they were gluten free and kosher – Mazeltov!
Scott Steiner's Shoney's Franchise
The jury's still out on this one, but I just find Scott Steiner being the proprietor of a family restaurant and diner hilarious. Surely “Steiner Diner” would've been a better choice of name? In any case, earlier this year it was revealed that Big Poppa Pump was a franchisee of Shoney's. His store in Acworth, Georgia opened in April 2016. Opening day saw some of his old WCW and NWO buddies come to promote the business. So far one of the most noted moments in the restaurant's history was when a shooting occurred just outside. Steiner was interviewed on a local news program where he was described as “a man who owns a restaurant.” If I ever go to Scott Steiner's Shoney's, I hope he would be my server. I can just imagine him describing the dishes like a promo,
“And then you add Eggs Benedict to the mix, your chances of not having a heart attack drastically go down. You see, the seafood platter! you got a 33 and 1/3 chance of not throwing up. But I, I got a 66 and 2/3 chance of offering you a discount coupon cause diners know Hardees can't beat me and Hardees not even gonna try. So,sir, you take your 33 and 1/3 chance, minus my 25 percent chance and you got an 8 and 1/3 chance of a delicious, value meal here at Shoneys.
So, there are a few examples of wrestling and food gone bad. Got any other stories of horrible wrestling themed snacks, beverages or restaurants? Add them to the comments section below!
Oct 31 2011 4:23PM GMT
The storage industry is getting hit again. Just a few months after the Japan earthquake affected flash storage manufacturing, the devastating Thai floods show signs of affecting hard disk drive manufacturing down the road.
Of course, the effect on the industry is minor compared to the effect on the Thai people themselves, where so far nearly 400 have died in what is said to be the worst flooding in 50 years. But as the worst of the flooding appears to be over, the country is beginning to examine the economic effects — which could end up being nearly as damaging as the economic unpleasantness a few years back, according to component research firm iSuppli:
“As a result of the flooding, the HDD industry in the fourth quarter will suffer its worst downturn in three years. HDD shipments in the fourth quarter will decline to 125 million units, down 27.7 percent from 173 million in the third quarter, as presented in the figure attached. The drop is the largest sequential decrease on a percentage basis since the fourth quarter of 2008 when shipments fell 21.2 percent during the worst point of the last electronics downturn. IHS estimates that 30 percent of HDD production in the fourth quarter this year will be lost because of the disaster. This will result in a significant shortage of HDDs. Because of the shortage, HDD inventories will be depleted and will cause average HDD pricing to rise by 10 percent in the fourth quarter compared to the third.”
Thailand is the world's second-largest provider of hard disk drives, after China, and has manufacturing facilities for Western Digital and Toshiba, iSuppli goes on to say. And while Seagate has an operating plant in the area, it may face a shortage of parts, according to Reuters.
In fact, the effects are likely to be so devastating that they will change Western Digital's status in disk drive manufacturing, iSuppli says. “Western Digital is likely to lose its status as the world's largest shipper of HDDs, with its rank expected to fall two positions to third in the fourth quarter, down from first place in the third quarter. Toshiba's rank could fall to fourth place, down from fifth.”
Slowdowns are particularly likely to occur in notebook PCs in the first quarter of next year, iSuppli said, because some components are stockpiled and the market will likely adjust to use different sources by the second quarter. Several notebook providers, including Compai, said their quarterly earnings might be lower as a result of lower shipments due to the lack of disk drives. (Though, if the Japanese flash storage manufacturers recover, perhaps this will push a faster-than-expected switch to flash storage in notebooks?)
Part of the blame goes to increasingly tight “just in time” manufacturing supply chains, where parts are shipped essentially as they're needed rather than being warehoused, Reuters noted.
Iain Bowles of ProBrand had even more dire predictions, of price increases of up to 25 percent. In fact, shortages from the Thai natural disaster could be worse than the Japan earthquake because stockpiles are smaller, he said. Moreover, he believes it could extend into the second quarter of next year as well, and that the recovery is likely to be slower than in Japan.
Call (210) 458-UTSA (8872) or click here to order yo ur single-game ticket s today!
Important links
· Ticket office information
· Buy home game tickets
· Buy away game tickets
· Sell your tickets through Ticket Exchange
· High school coaches request form
· Alamodome single-game pricing seating chart (.pdf)
· Alamodome parking/tailgating information
· Alamodome stadium policies
· Alamodome website
· UTSA game day VIA Metropolitan Transit Park & Ride information
· 2018 schedule
· Future schedules (.pdf)
· Roadrunner Athletic Fund/Loyalty Points
· Donate to UTSA Athletics
· Join the UTSA Athletics mailing list
2018 Home Games Location Advance Sale
(Ages 3+) Walk-Up Sale
(Ages 3+) Advance Sale
(Premium Game*) Walk-Up Sale
(Premium Game*) Section 112 $205 $226 $205 $226 Sections 111 & 113 $123 $131 $123 $131 Section 134 $90 $96 $100 $106 Lower & Club Levels
(midfield sidelines) $60 $66 $69 $74 Lower (sidelines) &
Club (sidelines/corners) Levels $32 $36 $39 $44 Lower Level (corners/end zones) $23 $26 $29 $33 Club Level (north end zone) $17 $19 $20 $23
* PREMIUM GAMES are Sept. 8 vs. Baylor and Sept. 22 vs. Texas State
· Walk-up prices will be in effect on the day of the game.
NOTE: All ticket sales are FINAL and no refunds will be issued. Ages three and up need a ticket for admission, but ages two and below do not require a ticket if they are able to sit on a lap. Prices include city of San Antonio fees and additional fees apply when purchasing at the Alamodome box office.
How To Purchase
· Ticketmaster.com
· Call Ticketmaster at (800) 745-3000 or the UTSA Ticket Office at (210) 458-UTSA (8872)
· In-person at any Ticketmaster outlet or the Alamodome box office
Getting To The Game
Parking at the Alamodome is sold out to season ticket holders. Fans purchasing single-game tickets can park of any one of several downtown parking lots and walk to the game. VIA will also be offering Park & Ride services to each home game. The cost is $5 for a round trip ticket and there will be several pickup locations, including UTSA's Main Campus. Click here for more information.
Away Games
Requests for single-game away game tickets can be made through the UTSA Ticket Office. Please call (210) 458-UTSA (8872) to request tickets today. All tickets will be located in the UTSA seating block, which is determined by the host institution.
At the deadline listed below, requests will be filled in the following order:
(1) Roadrunner Athletic Fund donors ranked by loyalty points
(2) other football season ticket holders
(3) general public
Please note that requests are not guaranteed, as there is a limited supply of tickets for each game. Credit cards are the only form of payment accepted for these tickets.
If there still are tickets available in the allotment after the request deadline, all fans will be able to purchase those tickets on a first-come, first-served basis.
Initial order quantities will not be limited, but if demand from Roadrunner Athletic Fund donors exceeds the supply of tickets, the limits listed in the table below will be applied.
How To Purchase
· Click here or call (210) 458-UTSA (8872)
NOTE: All ticket sales are FINAL and no refunds will be issued.
2018 Roadrunner Athletic Fund Giving Level Loyalty Points Ticket Limit Hall of Fame, Full Scholarship, AD's Circle
($10,000) 10 All-American, National Champion
($2,500-$9,999) 8 Captains Club, All-Conference
($500-$2,499) 6 True Orange & Blue, Coach's Circle
($150-$499) 4
GNUzilla and IceCat
Introducing GNUzilla and IceCat
GNUzilla is the GNU version of the Mozilla suite, and GNU IceCat is the GNU version of the Firefox browser. Its main advantage is an ethical one: it is entirely free software. While the Firefox source code from the Mozilla project is free software, they distribute and recommend non-free software as plug-ins and addons. Also their trademark license imposes requirements for the distribution of modified versions that make it inconvenient to exercise freedom 3.
Privacy protection features
LibreJS : GNU LibreJS aims to address the JavaScript problem described in Richard Stallman's article The JavaScript Trap.
: GNU LibreJS aims to address the JavaScript problem described in Richard Stallman's article The JavaScript Trap. Https-Everywhere : Extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure.
: Extension that encrypts your communications with many major websites, making your browsing more secure. SpyBlock : Blocks privacy trackers while in normal browsing mode, and all third party requests when in private browsing mode. Based on Adblock Plus.
: Blocks privacy trackers while in normal browsing mode, and all third party requests when in private browsing mode. Based on Adblock Plus. AboutIceCat : Adds a custom "about:icecat" homepage with links to information about the free software and privacy features in IceCat, and checkboxes to enable and disable the ones more prone to break websites.
: Adds a custom "about:icecat" homepage with links to information about the free software and privacy features in IceCat, and checkboxes to enable and disable the ones more prone to break websites. Fingerprinting countermeasures: Fingerprinting is a series of techniques allowing to uniquely identify a browser based on specific characterisics of that particular instance (like what fonts are available in that machine). Unlike cookies the user cannot opt out of being tracked this way, so the browser has to avoid giving away that kind of hints.
Downloads
Official releases of IceCat are available from ftp.gnu.org, or any GNU mirror. Please use a mirror if possible. Besides the sources, binary releases for GNU/Linux (32 and 64 bit) are available.
IceCat is generated from Firefox with the scripts available at http://git.savannah.gnu.org/cgit/gnuzilla.git.
Note that building binary packages for Windows and macOS currently requires non-free software, so we no longer distribute binary releases for those platforms.
Free add-ons and plugins
We maintain a list of free addons.
GNUzilla runs its own plugin finder service at gnuzilla.gnu.org.
Langpacks
You can find langpacks for IceCat in the official GNU FTP: ftp://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/gnuzilla/ in the "langpacks" directory for a given release
These langpacks are generated automatically from the original Firefox ones, if you notice problems in your locale, please let us know at the <bug-gnuzilla@gnu.org> mailing list.
Online help and documentation
Community driven manuals are available at http://libreplanet.org/wiki/Group:IceCat/
Mailing lists
General discussion of these projects take place on the mailing list bug-gnuzilla@gnu.org (it's not just for bug reports, despite the name). Feel free to subscribe or browse the archives.
To subscribe to the GNU IceCat mailing list, either use the mailman web interface or send empty email with a Subject: header line of just subscribe to bug-gnuzilla-request@gnu.org.
Found a bug? Have a suggestion? Please report it to the mailing list, trying to specify all the information that could be involved (platform, program version (the command icecat --version will report this), and build tools version if building from source code). Please report both the behavior you expected to the actual behavior you observed.
Getting involved
Development of IceCat, and GNU in general, is a volunteer effort, and you can contribute. For information, please read How to help GNU. If you'd like to get involved, it's a good idea to join the discussion mailing list (see above).
Maintainer GNU IceCat is currently being maintained by Ruben Rodriguez. Please use the mailing lists for contact.
Origin of the name
The name “IceCat” was coined to show our relationship to the Mozilla Firefox browser. Ice isn't Fire and a Cat isn't a Fox, so it is clearly a different package (we don't want Mozilla blamed for our mistakes, nor cause confusion with their trademarks), but is equally clearly intimately related (of course nearly all of the work comes from the Mozilla foundation effort, so we want to give credit).
The gNewSense BurningDog browser and the Debian IceWeasel browser are similarly derived from Firefox, also with the intent of being free software. Technically, however, these projects are maintained entirely independently of IceCat. (Previously, this GNU browser project was also named IceWeasel, but that proved confusing.)
About GNU and the GNU Philosophy
The GNU Project was launched in 1984 to develop a complete Unix-like operating system which is free software—free as in freedom, not price. Its principal sponsor is the Free Software Foundation.
The free software philosophy is the root and motivation of the guidelines and goals of the whole free software movement, a worldwide community.
Please join us!
Please send FSF & GNU inquiries to <gnu@gnu.org>. There are also other ways to contact the FSF.
Please send broken links and other corrections or suggestions to <bug-gnuzilla@gnu.org>.
Copyright 2012,2014 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This page is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivs 3.0 United States License.
We thank the Hitflip team for the IceCat logos.
Updated: $Date: 2018/02/20 18:02:51 $
The harsh realities of life in imperial Rome were revealed by a multi-disciplinary study carried out by an Italian team of osteopaths, historians and anthropologists which used modern scanning techniques to analyze a huge sample of skeletons recently unearthed in the suburbs of the Eternal City.
The skeletons were exhumed over the last 15 years in the course of construction work on a new high speed rail line between Rome and Naples and show the brutal reality of life for the majority of ancient Romans.
“The bones are the earthly remains of poor, working-class Romans, taken from commoners' graves, and display high incidences of broken and fractured bones, chronic arthritis and high incidences of bone cancer,” medical historian Valentina Gazzaniga told The Local.
“What's interesting is that the average age of death across the sample group was just 30, yet the skeletons still display severe damage wrought by the extremely difficult working conditions of the day.”
The research paints a grim picture of the dangers faced by ancient Roman workers between the first and third century AD, with broken noses, hand bones and collar bones all being commonplace injuries.
However, the scans also revealed that the city's ancient inhabitants were adept at treating such injuries.
“With fractures and breaks so frequent, the Romans developed effective solutions to treat them. The scans show that these rudimentary medical techniques allowed people to keep working for years after sustaining severe breakages,” explained Gazzaniga.
The treatments might have been effective, but they were not pretty.
Today, severely broken bones can be surgically reset and bound in plaster, but the Romans simply placed a wooden cage over the limb to immobilize it until the shattered bones eventually fused themselves back together.
Aside from bearing the scars of lax workplace safety, the scans also revealed the back-breaking labour citizens had to endure for hours on end.
“Chronic arthritis around certain areas such as the shoulders, the knees and the back is present in the skeletons of those who died as young as 20,” Gazzaniga explained.
“We can speculate that some of these people would have spent their lives working in nearby salt mines due to the patterns of arthritis they display.”
The life of the average Roman worker bears a stark contrast to the good health enjoyed by the city's noblemen and Patricians.
A similar study carried out on the petrified Roman skeletons of Pompeii last year revealed the good health enjoyed by its citizens – until they were buried by the erupting Vesuvius.
The rich inhabitants in Pompeii - a city of expensive villas and plush domuses – generally avoided hard labour and ate a varied diet.
But what about the working class Romans?
“It's difficult to reach any specific conclusions about their diet based on the results - but given the incomplete way their bones healed and really high incidences of bone cancer we encountered, it doesn't suggest it was good,” Gazzaniga said.
Indeed, historical evidence and tooth enamel analysis suggest that the lower echelons of Roman society subsisted on an extremely limited diet of poor quality, often rotting grains and stale bread.
STOCKHOLM (Reuters) - Kazuo Ishiguro, the British author of “The Remains of the Day”, won the Nobel Prize for Literature on Thursday for a run of “exquisite” novels that the award body said mixed Franz Kafka with Jane Austen.
The 62-year-old writer called the news “flabbergastingly flattering” and said he initially thought it was a hoax. He told reporters his wife had rushed home from the hairdressers after seeing reports on her phone.
“It comes at a time when the world is uncertain about its values, its leadership and its safety. I just hope that my receiving this huge honour will, even in a small way, encourage the forces for good,” Ishiguro said.
The award of the 9-million-crown ($1.1-million) prize marks a return to a more mainstream interpretation of literature a year after it went to singer-songwriter Bob Dylan.
Ishiguro is the first Briton to win the world's most prestigious literary award in a decade, since Doris Lessing's recognition in 2007.
He said he was sitting in the kitchen when his agents called and let him listen in to the Nobel announcement live over the phone, without knowing he would win.
“I thought it was a hoax, in this time of fake news. So I asked them to check up,” he said at his north London home.
“Eventually a very nice lady called from Sweden and asked me first of all if I would accept it ... I was surprised at how low-key they were, it was like they were inviting me to some kind of party.”
His best-known work, “The Remains of the Day”, won the 1989 Man Booker Prize and became an Oscar-nominated movie starring Anthony Hopkins as a fastidious and repressed butler in postwar Britain.
Author Kazuo Ishiguro speaks to the media outside his home, following the announcement that he has won the Nobel Prize for Literature, in London, Britain October 5, 2017. REUTERS/Toby Melville
“GREAT EMOTIONAL FORCE”
“He is an exquisite novelist. I would say if you mix Jane Austen and Franz Kafka you get Ishiguro in a nutshell,” Sara Danius, permanent secretary of the Swedish Academy, which chooses the literature winner, told Reuters.
The Academy hailed Ishiguro's ability to reveal “the abyss beneath our illusory sense of connection with the world ... in novels of great emotional force” that touch on memory, time and self-delusion.
Ishiguro's latest novel, “The Buried Giant”, in which an elderly couple go on a road trip through an Arthurian England populated by ogres and dragons, “explores ... how memory relates to oblivion, history to the present, and fantasy to reality,” the Academy said.
He told reporters he was currently in discussions to work on a graphic novel.
Ishiguro was born in Japan and raised in Britain.
“I've always said throughout my career that although I've grown up in this country and I'm educated in this country, that a large part of my way of looking at the world, my artistic approach, is Japanese, because I was brought up by Japanese parents, speaking in Japanese,” he said on Thursday.
Ishiguro has waded into British politics during his career, calling a rise in hostility towards immigrants after the Brexit vote “a fight over the very soul of Britain”.
He takes his place beside past winners including Alexander Solzhenitsyn, Toni Morrison, Samuel Beckett and Ernest Hemingway.
Slideshow (8 Images)
The prize is named after dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel and has been awarded since 1901 for achievements in science, literature and peace in accordance with his will.
($1 = 8.1083 Swedish crowns)
Legendary wrestler and promoter Verne Gagne died Monday surrounded by his family in Minnesota, according to close friends. He was 89.
News of his death reverberated through the wrestling world in tweets and Facebook posts that paid tribute to the Robbinsdale High School wrestler who went on to make a mark in the worlds of both amateur and professional wrestling.
Gagne, whose wrestling career spanned from 1949 to 1985, defined wrestling in Minnesota, according the Minnesota Sports Almanac.
“He was a pioneer in modern day era wrestling,” said Gene Okerlund, longtime friend and announcer for Gagne's All Star Wrestling show that originated in a studio near Lake Calhoun. “He was the one of the first guys who became a television star. He was one of the first good-looking young guys. And I mean he was a real baby face. The gals loved him, the guys respected him because he was also one of the tough-nosed guys.”
Gagne was a 10-time American Wrestling Association World Heavyweight Champion and was later inducted into both the WWE and WCW Hall of Fame in addition to the Professional Wrestling Hall of Fame.
Gagne, who was a two-time NCAA wrestling champion in 1948-49 at the University of Minnesota and an alternate in the 1948 Olympics, took what he knew from amateur wrestling and brought it to the professional ring, Okerlund said.
Gallery: Verne Gagne: 1926-2015 Gallery: Verne Gagne: 1926-2015
Gagne, who took over ownership of the AWA, was a showman, he said. “He was clever enough and good enough to take that into television and market it and create a persona that became bigger than life. He was a stickler for making things look good in the ring. He gave it legitimacy. It was perceived as the real deal.”
Okerlund said Gagne often would show off his cauliflower ears and his gnarly knuckles. “He wanted you to know that this wasn't a sport for sissies.”
In 2009, Gagne, who was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, was living in the memory care unit at Friendship Village in Bloomington. He was involved in a clash with another resident, also an Alzheimer's patient. The man later died from complications from a broken right hip. No charges were filed in the incident.
Gagne then moved in with family members.
Copyright by KSNW - All rights reserved Kim Hong
Copyright by KSNW - All rights reserved Kim Hong
SALINA, Kan. (KSAL) - Salina police arrested a man for driving recklessly near a group of people lined up for donuts on Thursday morning.
Captain Mike Sweeney tells KSAL News that officers arrested 53-year-old Hong Kim after interviewing him at the police station Thursday afternoon.
Police responded to the parking lot at the Elmore Center, 755 E. Crawford around 7:30 a.m. to the report of a man driving near a crowd of people lined up to buy breakfast from the Hurts Donut truck.
Witnesses told police that Kim drove his Isuzu Amigo SUV toward the people, bumped a product table while customers in the crowd shouted for him to stop.
Police say he then sped away.
Witnesses identified to KSAL News at the scene the driver of the vehicle as an owner of a Salina donut shop. This same owner has previously showed up at locations in Salina where Hurts Donut was selling its products and voiced his displeasure that the Wichita donut shop was selling in Salina.
Police are now requesting charges of aggravated assault, endangering a child and reckless driving.
Captain Sweeney says that there was no damage to the table, and no one was hurt.
A Georgia man says he was so angry after a phone call with his wife that he drove his truck through his house.
John Paul Jones, Jr., 35, of Senoia, says he fully intended to drive his truck from the backyard to the front yard by way of his living room on Thursday.
The Newnan Times-Herald reported that Jones told authorities he'd been frustrated because he hadn't been able to sell his home, but Jones told WGCL that the incident was "just one of those spur of the moment crazy things."
Jones, who works as a contractor, did his own repairs. He appeared in good spirits when WGCL interviewed him on Sunday.
"I've been out of work for the past year and a half. Needed some work," Jones told WGCL. "It didn't pay anything, but hey, it kept me busy."
Neighbors heard a ruckus around 4:40 Thursday afternoon and called police. Coweta County deputies met Jones outside the house, where the truck was parked with furniture caught in the bumper.
"The police came out here, I told them I needed air conditioning," Jones told WGCL "They said, 'open a window.' I told them it wasn't enough. As you can see, I had a nice breeze."
The Coweta County Sheriff's Office said he won't face charges because he damaged his own property, and nobody was hurt.
Like Us On Facebook |
Follow Us On Twitter |
Contact The Author
Donald Trump on Monday peddled largely uncontroversial Republican economic plans during a major policy address in Detroit—but he also pushed a slew of falsehoods about the health of the American economy.
During the subdued, buttoned-up address, which came on the heels of a long week of missteps for the campaign, Trump cast himself as the antidote to the job-killing economic policies of Hillary Clinton and President Barack Obama.
He called for a moratorium on all new government regulations and railed against the federal tax code and the failure of international trade deals, much of which is well-traveled territory for Trump.
“We need to stop believing in politicians and start believing in our great country,” the nominee told the crowd. As President, Trump vowed to “jump-start America,” noting, “It can be done, and it won't even be that hard.”
Trump also repeated his well-worn claim that the “real” unemployment rate is much higher than the Labor Department reports, which he framed as an intentional effort to spin the state of the U.S. economy in “one of the biggest hoaxes in American modern politics.”
The New York real estate mogul has suggested the unemployment rate is actually anywhere from 21 percent to as high at 42 percent, while the federal government has reported the rate hovering around 5 percent. As the Wall Street Journal points out, Trump's claim is correct only in the sense that it includes groups the Labor Department doesn't count as unemployed, like the elderly, teenagers in school, the disabled and stay-at-home parents.
In one false line of attack on Clinton, Trump claimed the former secretary of state has proposed “one of the biggest ever” tax increases, which he said would target middle-class Americans. A video sent out by the campaign last week, which relies on an incorrect transcript, misleadingly claimed Clinton said at a campaign event, “We are going to raise taxes on the middle class,” when she actually said “aren't.” Her campaign has disputed any remarks about raising taxes on the middle class.
Tearing another page out of the playbook of Republican orthodoxy, Trump promised he would repeal “disastrous Obamacare, saving another 2 million American jobs.” However, the notion that the Affordable Care Act “killed” 2 million jobs, which is based on a bungled interpretation of a Congressional Budget Office report, has been thoroughly debunked.
According to Trump, the U.S. has the highest business tax rate among the major industrialized nations of the world at 35 percent, which under his plan would be slashed to no more than 15 percent. Although the country has the third-highest top marginal corporate income tax rate in the world (and the highest among the industrialized nations), the reality is that the money collected is cut significantly by things like tax credits and offshore tax havens. In 2010, the average effective federal tax rate paid by large, profitable corporations was just 12.6 percent, according to the Government Accountability Office.
Pointing to the dire economic situation in Detroit, the GOP nominee said it's a city “controlled by Democratic politicians, at every level.” Even that isn't true: Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder is a Republican and both chambers of the state Legislature are controlled by Republicans.
This post has been updated.
Drug offenders could spend less time in jail and more time in rehabilitation programs under a sentencing-reform proposal that debuted at the state Capitol on Tuesday with widespread support and the goal of curbing repeat offenses.
The plan would lower the penalties for people found in possession of up to 4 grams of most drugs, shaving years off sentences and saving the state money by vacating prison beds, advocates said. The savings — which doubters argue may never materialize — could provide the first large and reliable funding stream to treat drug offenders' addictions.
The legislation also marks the first time lawmakers stand a chance at large-scale drug-sentencing reform, said a variety of backers who include prosecutors, public defenders, law enforcement, community advocates and the governor.
State Public Defender Doug Wilson said the bill “had a 100 percent chance of passing” and that its chief accomplishment would be drawing a more clear distinction between drug users and drug dealers.
“Colorado is starting to recognize that locking people up in prison for what is essentially a disease is not a way to cut recidivism,” Wilson said.
House Bill 1352 would lower sentences for criminals facing charges for using and possessing drugs, but stiffen penalties for those who deal drugs to children.
One in five of Colorado's 22,600 inmates landed in prison for primary drug offenses, though not all would qualify for lighter sentences, according to Attorney General John Suthers, who backs the bill.
Anti-drug groups including the Cañon City-based Christian Drug Education Center worry about the message that lowered penalties for drugs such as marijuana would send to kids already seeing a boom in medical-marijuana use, founder Beverly Kinard said.
Illegal pot users would be able to carry up to 12 ounces before facing felony charges under the bill. The current cap is 8 ounces.
Denver District Attorney Mitch Morrissey can't see how the lesser sentences — the difference between up to six years and up to 18 months in most cases — would save the system money and argued allowing users to carry up to 4 grams would worsen already difficult problems of dealing in urban areas.
Fragmented streams of federal and state money for community rehabilitation programs have left a hodgepodge of facilities statewide that the justice community is uncertain can handle an influx of offenders.
Backers hope that savings states like Washington and Kansas have seen following their own reforms will bolster those programs in Colorado, said bill sponsor Rep. Mark Waller, R-Colorado Springs.
The legislation doesn't go as far as some would like.
Co-sponsor Sen. Pat Steadman, D-Denver, sees HB 1352 as a move closer to diverting a broader range of offenders to rehabilitation programs instead of jail.
Next up? Low-level drug dealers who sell to feed their addictions, he said.
“This is the first step in reforming our drug-sentencing laws,” he said.
Jessica Fender: 303-954-1244 or jfender@denverpost.com
A bridge too far for Evans
This was the moment when a maiden victory slipped away from Elfyn Evans at YPF Rally Argentina in one of the most exciting finishes in WRC history.
Defending a slender lead of 0.6sec going into Sunday's final Power Stage, the rear left of his Ford Fiesta brushed against one of the famous bridges a handful of kilometres from the finish of the legendary El Condor test.
It was enough to allow Thierry Neuville to slip ahead and claim a fourth career victory by 0.7sec in his Hyundai i20 Coupe, something that appeared improbable little more than 24 hours earlier when Evans lead the Belgian by more than a minute.
After a day in which brake problems and an overheating engine hampered Evans' quest for victory, the Welshman was honest enough to admit this was his error.
“I made a mistake. It was feeling really good in the first half. I was pushing very hard and towards the end I was really losing the rear end grip,” he told wrc.com.
“I was having to be very patient which was losing time and I wasn't patient enough over the bridge. I hit it which cost a little bit, but if you don't try you don't get anything.
“I slowed down but the rear was still going, going, going. I was slow enough to get the front through the bridge, but I couldn't stop the rear from sliding.”
Although Evans was naturally bitterly disappointed, he picked out the positives from a rally which he led from Friday morning until Sunday's dramatic finale and won seven stages.
“I've never led a rally for this long, I don't think I have been this strong in terms of performance before. It's a milestone for me and we'll use it as confidence going forward.
“There were a few mistakes scattered through the weekend which cost us here and there. To do a champion's drive, to win a rally, then they need to be eliminated. They weren't big mistakes but they were there,” he said.
VIDEO
More News
BOGOTA — A Ridgefield Park police officer testified Wednesday that Bogota officer Regina Tasca interfered with his attempts to detain an emotionally disturbed person in April of 2011.
That incident, caught on camera, is at the center of the disciplinary hearings for Tasca, an 11-year veteran of the force who claims she's being targeted for "crossing the thin blue line" in her attempts to prevent "excessive use of force" against the man.
A panel lead by judge Richard J. Donohue has been reviewing evidence and testimony since last Tuesday, and on Wednesday reviewed video and audio captured from the dashboard of Tasca's cruiser and that of Ridgefield Park Sergeant Chris Thibault as Thibault described the events of April 29, 2011.
Records show that Tasca responded to a report of an emotionally disturbed person on Maplewood Avenue just before 5 p.m. that day. The parents of Kyle Sharp, 22, had called for emergency services after their son began acting erratically, and requested assistance transporting him to Bergen Regional Medical Center for treatment.
Through moment-by-moment analyses of the video, two conflicting accounts of what happened that day emerged on Wednesday.
According to Sgt. Thibault, who arrived from Ridgefield Park on a mutual aid request, he pulled up in his squad car to a quickly-escalating disturbance, as Sharp began yelling profanities and demanded that the officers leave his property.
"It was immediately apparent that it was going to be an involuntary transport," he said Wednesday. In audio captured from the scene, Sharp can be heard saying, "I'm going to [expletive] walk."
"He was walking away from the scene and it was unknown to me what was going to happen," he said. "The situation needed to end then and there."
Thibault tackled Sharp, putting him in a bear hug and bringing him down on his side.
Sharp was not under arrest, but Thibault testified that in the moment there was little difference between an arrest and the custodial detention officers were performing in order to transport him to a medical facility.
"My concern was that he was either going to become missing, that we were going to get into a foot pursuit with him, that we weren't going to be able to locate him at some point," he said. "Or it was my concern that a tragedy was going to occur, that it would end up in the road, and either I get hit by a car, or he gets hit by a car. It was unknown what was going to happen based on his behavior at that point.
Moments before Thibault had taken Sharp to the ground, Detective Sgt. Joseph Rella of the Ridgefield Park police, responding to an earlier call for backup from Thibault, arrived at the scene. Seeing Thibault and Sharp struggling, Rella quickly descended on the men, and in his efforts to subdue Sharp, struck him in the head.
As the blow landed, onlookers, Sharp's parents among them, began screaming.
Thibault described the punch as a "short, quick strike." Tasca, who at this point in the video began yelling at the Ridgefield Park police to stop and attempted to pull them off of Sharp, calls it "excessive force."
By Tasca's account, Sharp posed no danger as he began walking away from police, and her attorney, Catherine Elston, argued that in accordance to the attorney general's use of force guidelines, Thibault should have verbally commanded Sharp to stop before tackling him. She also noted that police officers who observe excessive use of force are expected to intervene.
Thibault contended that both he and Rella used appropriate levels of force, and that Tasca — whom he described in his incident report as "extremely emotional" during the fray — got in the way of subduing Sharp.
"With Officer Tasca pushing and pulling on Detective Sgt. Rella the way that she was, it only delayed the process," he said.
Tasca faces termination based on her behavior during the April 29 incident, as well as another earlier that month, and Bogota Police have also cited a psychological evaluation that found her unfit for duty. Elston told NJ.com she is suspicious of that ruling and plans to contest it in the proceedings.
"This is the same doctor that did the same exam on Regina in December and found her fit for duty," Elston said. "Four months later he did the same exam and found her unfit for duty."
Tasca also alleges that she's being discriminated against because she's the only woman on the force, and because she is gay.
Proceedings will be delayed until next month due to scheduling conflicts from the involved parties. Tasca remains suspended with pay until the outcome of the hearings.
"I'm in limbo," she told NJ.com. "And it's sad. I believe I did the right thing."
More coverage
• Incident caught on video to play central role in Bogota cop's disciplinary hearing (watch video)
• Suspended Bogota police officer: I was stopping 'excessive force'
• Bogota officer alleges discrimination, says she was fired for intervening in beating
Democratic Reps. (clockwise from top left) Gary Peters (Mich.), John Adler (N.J.), Jim Himes (Conn.) and Peter Welch (Vt.), are becoming more vocal with their concerns about government spending. | AP photo composite by POLITICO Four House Dems revolt
Four junior House Democrats frustrated with leadership's approach to deficit spending are going rogue.
Reps. Gary Peters, John Adler (D-N.J.), Jim Himes (D-Conn.) and Peter Welch (D-Vt.) are getting more vocal on their concerns about government spending. They're forming a working group to propose major cuts to spending in areas like defense, energy, housing and agriculture that they say would save about $70 billion over ten years.
“We have been growing increasingly frustrated with the lack of action and talking about specifics and putting those on the table,” Peters said in an interview with POLITICO. “We've been frustrated with both Democratic leadership and Republicans,” the Michigan congressman added.
Story Continued Below
Peters's office contacted Majority Leader Steny Hoyer's office Monday but didn't get a response about whether he would lend support to the group, called the Spending Cuts and Deficit Reduction Working Group.
“I don't know if they'll be making any statements tomorrow,” Peters said. “Right now, this is an initiative that the four of us feel very strongly about. As we build momentum, leadership will definitely take notice and take some action. I'm not sure of the degree of support now.”
Peters's press secretary, Cullen Schwarz, was more blunt, sounding off after failing to hear back from Hoyer's office.
“Our leadership hasn't put any serious budget cuts on the table so we had to take matters into our own hands. Long story short: No, we have no support from our leadership, and to this point neither they nor the Republicans have put their money where their mouth is on spending cuts,” he said in an e-mail. “We're upset.”
The members have expressed their concerns in meetings with leadership earlier this year and pushed to trim a spending and tax cuts bill that started out costing almost $200 billion. Peters, New Jersey's Adler and Himes of Connecticut, are all members of the New Democrat Coalition, who aren't afraid to express opinions differing from those of Democratic leaders. For example, as the conference committee was pushing the financial reform bill to the finish line, House New Democrat Coalition members expressed concern about a derivatives trading provision they thought was too harsh on banks.
The NHL Draft has a funny way of giving fans optimism. Some have even gone as far as saying you shouldn't mess up your first round pick. Conversely, if your second round pick has a somewhat seamless transition to the NHL, you've won that second round. In 2013, Elias Lindholm was one pick ahead of Sean Monahan who went to the Calgary Flames.
In his first season, Monahan captured 34 points with 22 goals and 12 assists. In his last two seasons he managed more than 60 points with 31 goals and 31 assists in the 2014-15 season and 27 goals and 36 assists in 2015-16.
Elias Lindholm NHL career statistics Scoring Shots Season Age Tm Lg GP G A PTS +/- S% FO% 2013-14 19 CAR NHL 58 9 12 21 -14 12.9 46.3 2014-15 20 Cars NHL 81 17 22 39 -23 10.0 52.3 2015-16 21 CAR NHL 82 11 28 39 -23 6.3 49.1 Career NHL 221 37 62 99 -60 8.9 49.2 View Original Table
Generated 8/2/2016. Provided by Hockey-Reference.com Generated 8/2/2016.
Stunted Growth
Lindholm's Swedish nationality isn't the only reason he gets compared to Peter Forsberg, the country's best player of all time per Sweden's largest newspaper. He also has a similar type of play and height at 6-1. For him to really fit the Forsberg frame, though, he needs to beef up because he gets knocked off the puck too easily and just doesn't have the top speed needed to get around opposing players.
Consistency and his transition to the NHL have been a struggle for Lindholm as well. His development has taken longer than some had presumed.
“Lindy was in the NHL too early,” head coach Bill Peters said. “He played when he probably physically wasn't able to, or shouldn't have been in the league, but he was for whatever reason.”
“He got hurt and got set back because of that, and that happens to many young guys when they are up too early, they get hurt. Then their development and their maturation is stunted somewhat.”
Even though he may not fit the Forsberg frame precisely, Lindholm is a player that when he's able to find a way to the net from below the goal line, he can use is size and lethal release to make something happen.
“He's grown into his body, he's got good strength, good hockey strength, and real good hockey sense, and he's a real big piece of it,” Peters said.
Watching Lindholm, there are times where he is one of the more captivating players on the ice. Even if he doesn't captivate, you can find him in the right position. But then there are stretches where he seems invisible and not even noticeable on the ice.
Striving in his Natural Element
For a good majority of last year and years prior, it wasn't uncommon for Lindhom to be put on the wing with one of the Staal brothers and would occasionally center a line with Jeff Skinner as one of his wings.
The Hockey Writer's Brett Finger projects Lindholm to center two Finns in recently acquired Teuvo Teravainen and highly praised prospect Sebastian Aho. For Lindholm's point production to increase it would seem that the two Finnish players would be the right players to compliment his skill. Teravainen has been known to be very creative and has fantastic on-ice vision and excellent hockey IQ.
On the Marek vs Wyshynski July 28 podcast, Peters confirmed that the two Finns and Lindholm will be together on a line. He continued to say “Lindy played a little bit of center at the end of the year and was very good and got better as he went.”
Lindholm is not a player who has a history of elite scoring in Sweden prior to his arrival in the NHL, but can put up solid assist numbers. However, with his quick release, the Boden, SWE native should find ways to score with more of a shoot-first mentality especially if he's centering a line with two skilled wingers of Aho and Teravainen.
As Peters mentioned, Lindholm played well at center down the final stretch of the season and had more skip in his stride after Eric Staal left for the New York Rangers. He's been in the league too long to not have taken more advantage of his lethal release. Although at only 21 years old, he already has 220 games under his belt.
Lindholm has showcased his skill level many times and is capable of much more if he can get going on a consistent basis. He took a step back last season, and for a team that could use a goal scorer's finishing touch, he has the ability to bring that to the table.
He backchecks hard, but now it's time to put his two-way game on full blast. With any hope, Lindholm will find himself at his natural position of center for the majority of the year. Even adding him to the 3rd line will add depth to a young and skilled Hurricanes team. If he plays the position he feels most comfortable wtih and is surrounded by skilled and crafty wingers, maybe he'll be able to put Monahan's numbers to shame.
The 25-year-old Indian woman who sued Uber in January after accusing one of the company's drivers of raping her has voluntarily ended the suit. According to Reuters, no details were released about how the case was settled, and neither Uber nor the woman have released statements about the case.
Uber was briefly banned in Delhi after the accusations
The unnamed passenger stepped forward last December to name 32-year-old Shiv Kumar Yadav as the driver who allegedly raped and beat her while she was on her way home from a dinner. The incident took place in Delhi, which, in the years since the fatal gang rape of a woman on a bus in 2012, has come to be known as the rape capital of India. The Delhi government took swift action, and banned Uber in the city outright.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick called the incident "horrific," and stated that the company would improve its policies going forward. "We will also partner closely with the groups who are leading the way on women's safety here in New Delhi and around the country," he said, "and invest in technology advances to help make New Delhi a safer city for women." Service was reinstated in January, and the company added an SOS button to its app the following month to address concerns. However, after the passenger sued, Uber asked a San Francisco court to drop the lawsuit.
David Miller will follow his seven year run as mayor of Toronto as an advisor to the president of the World Bank on cities and the environment.
It's not a “job” per se, but there is some compensation attached to a position that sounds like a natural fit for a politician who has made environmental leadership a cornerstone of his tenure. His term as head of the C40 group of cities fighting against climate change also draws to a close, but Mr. Miller plans to stay involved with the coalition in a voluntary capacity.
He sat down with the National Post for his final interview as he prepares to vacate the office overlooking Nathan Phillips Square — although paintings still hang on the walls, and picture books drawn by a kindergarten class are still on his coffee table. He looks relaxed.
Mr. Miller doesn't want to get into the dynamics of an election that saw penny-pinching Etobicoke councillor Rob Ford, someone who represents polar opposite views than him, rise to power.
“Obviously councillor Ford and I see the world rather differently and I think his commitments are rather difficult to fulfill without severely damaging the city, but that's neither here nor there,” said Mr. Miller. “He won the election, and I've run a lot of elections and you just accept the results.” That said, distilling the results into a narrative of suburb versus downtown, or an electorate that is angry at his policies, are just “oversimplified”, he said.
He considers investments in public transit, police, and his work on the environment to be among his greatest achievements. Less splashy, but equally important, partnerships he forged with other big cities to help secure funding from higher levels of government. He says he did everything he said he would. How does he want his two terms to be remembered?
“Different people will remember them differently,” he chuckles. “I was who I am. I ran as somebody who wanted to build this city, you might have to pay a little bit more but we'll have a much better city because of it and I achieved those goals. We invested in the things I committed to, and around the world Toronto has an incredible reputation. I hope that we're able to build on that reputation.”
(CNN) The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media.
In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman "go back to Mexico," and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother.
And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: "This is my f***ing country."
Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint's CEO said he and colleagues were "disgusted" by the woman's actions.
We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said:
People feel emboldened
"It means that America is back where it was ... decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion," said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch.
President Donald Trump "tapped into seething anger" that was already boiling in those who couldn't accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump "legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned."
JUST WATCHED Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Man yells at stranger for speaking Spanish 01:35
"People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn't do before ... It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President."
Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from "fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country."
He said: "They feel that they're going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes."
It's not new; it's cyclical
Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn't new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said.
"It's cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day," said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University's Department of Latina/Latino Studies.
But cell phones now bring it "into our consciousness in a much more emotional way," she said.
"There's one part of this that could move us forward as a society ... It's in our face now, and we can't deny that it's happening," Carrillo said.
She said: "People who are recording them may feel like it's an injustice, and that's why they are recording it -- and you can see some of the responses."
But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, "it's kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism."
Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions.
"We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment," she said.
It's a push back against diversity
"There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there's been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country," said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses.
JUST WATCHED White nationalist speaks at Auburn Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH White nationalist speaks at Auburn 00:51
Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III , a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called "Alt-Reich," which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities.
Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime.
JUST WATCHED Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Concerns grow over racist incidents on campus 03:21
Perry said "Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate."
"When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists -- I'm talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News -- it's not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness," Perry said.
He added: "There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others."
Social media has helped bring these rants to light
"What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon," said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. "What's new is the ability to record it."
Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement.
"I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time," he said.
Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome.
And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics.
Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race.
"There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before," he said. "But what's clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media."
WHEN 'NEUTRALIZE' MEANS 'KILL': The Duterte administration's war on drugs practically orders cops to kill suspects, the Free Legal Assistance Group claimed Thursday as it sought the Supreme Court's help to stop the police's Project: Double Barrel.
Speaking to DZMM Wednesday, FLAG Chairman Jose Manuel Diokno said a memo issued by Philippine National Police chief Director General "Bato" Dela Rosa on his first day in office tells cops to "neutralize" drug suspects under Project: Double Barrel.
"Paulit-ulit ang directive sa circular na iyon, na dapat daw ang utos nila ay 'i-neutralize' at 'i-negate' ang suspected drug personalities. Sa batas walang ibig sabihin ang 'neutralize' at 'negate.' Ang ginagamit namin sa batas ay arrest, search and seizure," he said.
"Nung nag-research kami nakahanap kami ng statements ng PNP at ni PNP chief na sa mga sinasabi niya sa salitang ginagamit niya na 'neutralize,' ibig po niyang sabihin ay pagpatay. Ginagamit niya ang 'neutralize' as a euphemism for killing," he added.
Diokno put emphasis on the word "suspected," saying that these suspects should be brought to court who will decide on their guilt. The job of the police, he said, is just to arrest suspects.
FLAG represents three petitioners who urged the Supreme Court yesterday to declare the government's war on drugs unconstitutional. The petition was filed on behalf of three people whose relatives were killed by cops.
The petitioners also questioned the Department of the Interior and Local Government's Memorandum Circular 2017-112 as the system of anonymous reporting of suspected criminals supposedly violates the right to due process.
Diokno said they, too, believe that the scourge of illegal drugs must be stopped.
But he said a stronger and effective justice system is the real long-lasting solution to the country's problem on drugs and crime, not killing of suspects.
"Ang isinasagawang war on drugs ng gobyerno, hindi niya malulutas 'yung problema ng laganap na crime, drugs and corruption," he said.
"Ang solusyon diyan, palakasin natin 'yung sistema ng katarungan. Kaya nakakalusot ang mga kriminal, kaya nakakalusot ang mga sindikato ay dahil mahina ang sistema ng katarungan," he added.
PNP data shows 3,800 people have been killed in operations in which police say armed suspects violently resisted arrest. Duterte's opponents and activists dispute that, saying executions and cover-ups are commonplace, which police deny.
Get the biggest Celtic stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
CELTIC striker Leigh Griffiths has been given a two game suspended sentence by the SFA and fined £2,500 for singing an offensive song about Rudi Skacel.
The Scotland hitman made a personal appearance in front of a judicial panel at Hampden today after pleading guilty to the charge at Edinburgh Sheriff Court earlier this month.
Griffiths was charged by former SFA compliance officer Vincent Lunny for “not acting in the best interests of association football by singing an offensive song."
The SFA decided not to act further on the incident, which dates back to March 2014, until after the case had followed its legal process.
Griffiths was captured on images and video, shared on social media, singing the offensive lyrics to the tune of ‘Yellow Submarine' with Hibs fans outside the Roseburn Bar, near Tynecastle.
A large number of Hibs fans had gathered waiting for the opening of the bar before the Edinburgh derby. The court heard the song contained the lyrics that former Hearts rival Skacel was ‘a f*****g refugee'.
Griffiths was fined four weeks' wages by Celtic for his involvement in the incident, but was admonished by Sheriff Scott after admitting his guilt.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Griffiths has accepted the sentence from the SFA. The two games are suspended until the end of the season and he will not miss any of his club's forthcoming fixtures.
Just weeks after House Speaker Paul Ryan guaranteed the Republican ObamaCare replacement bill would pass the House, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell guaranteed President Trump's Supreme Court pick will be confirmed.
“He'll be on the floor of the Senate next week and confirmed on Friday,” McConnell said, according to Politico. “We are optimistic that [Dems] will not be successful in keeping this good man from joining the Supreme Court real soon.”
McConnell refused to say whether or not he would employ the “nuclear” option to confirm Hon. Neil Gorsuch.
Gorsuch's confirmation to the high court appeared at one time to be very likely. He needs 60 total votes to avoid a Senate filibuster. Republicans hold 52 seats. Ten Democrats represent states that voted for President Trump in November. But so far, not one Democrat has come out in support of Gorsuch. Republicans can “go nuclear” and change the rule to confirm Gorsuch to a simple majority.
The Trump administration is looking for a win after GOP divisions crumpled its legislation last week to replace ObamaCare, one of Trump's major campaign promises. Republicans have also said the funding Trump requested for his border wall—another major campaign promise-- will likely not be in a spending bill that must pass next month to avoid a government shutdown.
Republicans said they will now pivot to tax cuts and other issues while they try working out their differences. And they've offered mixed messages on what comes next.
"My hope is that Democrats will quit gloating at our inability to get it done on a party-line basis and join us in fixing" Obama's law, Sen. John Cornyn, R-Texas, said. He said he didn't expect that to happen until "our Democratic friends have to start answering to the people who are being hurt by the failures of ObamaCare."
Fox News' Edmund DeMarche and The Associated Press contributed to this report
Tehran will import wheat after qualit­y check, supply fertil­iser in exchan­ge.
ISLAMABAD: Pakistan and Iran have broken the deadlock over barter trade as they have reached an understanding about export of wheat to Tehran following the intervention of President Asif Ali Zardari.
A high-level delegation, headed by Food Security and Research Minister Mir Israrullah Zehri who held talks with Iranian authorities in Tehran recently, has returned after successful negotiations. They have resolved issues related to quality and pricing, which became a major stumbling block in pressing ahead with plans to initiate barter trade, say sources.
Zehri handed over a letter of President Zardari to Iranian authorities, which called for resolving the issue of wheat import under barter trade, sources said.
Earlier, Iran had expressed dissatisfaction over quality of Pakistan's wheat, which contained 0.3% karnal bunt (a fungal disease) as Tehran sought a commodity free of fungus.
During the talks, Pakistan's team insisted that 0.3% karnal bunt was not harmful to human health. They pointed out that the internationally acceptable level was even higher at 1% and said Pakistan's wheat was in line with standards applied in the United States and Europe.
Later, Iran softened its stance and reached an understanding about the import of wheat. The two sides had set the criteria and an Iranian team would conduct tests to check the quality of wheat, said officials of the food security and research ministry.
A mechanism for transporting wheat to Iran also came up for discussion. The two countries agreed that Iranian officials would check the quality of wheat at the Karachi Port before shipment.
According to the understanding reached, Pakistan will sell wheat at the price prevailing in the international market in July, though prices are going up. Three months ago, the two sides had set the price at $275 per ton, which was valid for two weeks only.
Earlier, talks on barter trade had deadlocked over Iran's insistence on cash payment for urea supply to Pakistan and refusal to import wheat. “Now, Iran will export fertiliser in exchange for wheat import,” a government official said.
In February, then water and power minister Syed Naveed Qamar and visiting Iranian Deputy Commerce Minister Abbas Ghohadi had agreed that Tehran would import one million tons of wheat as well as 200,000 tons of rice. They also decided that wheat imports would start in two months.
In return, Pakistan would purchase iron ore from Iran for state-owned Pakistan Steel Mills, a financially-troubled industrial giant because of acute shortage of raw material and other problems. Pakistan also agreed to import fertiliser to meet domestic demand and arrest rising prices.
Published in The Express Tribune, July 20th, 2012.
Read full story
Recapping July 12th to now
On July 12, 2017, thousands of us protested to defend internet freedom. In just one day, websites small and large participated in one of the biggest online protests ever, reaching tens of millions of people, delivering over 2 million comments to the FCC, and over 5 million emails — and over 124,000 calls — to members of Congress. I wrote letters and attached a Joint Resolution to the Republican Leadership in Congress, calling on them to condemn the FCC's actions almost five months ago and never received a response. This is the road they're taking now?
Specifically, the FCC. Over 22 million people have made comments on their website (Make your comments here), and with that unprecedented amount of responses, you'd expect to see them slowing down or even stopping the proceedings, since the public does not agree to this motion one bit. But this is the United States; we've legalized this kind of misrepresentation in our government, to where an overwhelming majority of our nation's people can be in an uproar in the streets, but are silenced by less than 1% of the people, due to the extent and intensity of their lobbying efforts.
This is a major test in our history as a nation; Are we are going to fight for what's right and stop what is wrong with the government? Are we are going to return the power back to the people from the clutches of government overreach? Overreach that violates the will of the people, that says, “Fuck it and fuck you!” to your opinion? But it's not just MY opinion, it's the overwhelming opinion of tens of millions of Americans that are in support of Title II protections staying in place on “OUR collective internet”.
Our country was built on the notion of freedom; that we had the duty to stop the government, and its actions, if those actions would be detrimental to, or for, our nation. So what's stopping us now?
But why now?
With the end of the year in our sights, and the holiday shopping season in full swing, one of the biggest shopping days of the year, December 14th, to be exact, could give way to apathy for many, and only more anger to those already involved in the fight. December 14th is the day the final vote will happen, and the alarm bells are already ringing, LOUDLY. Chairman Pai has been going on establishment press saying people who are getting concerned about internet neutrality are just “conspiracy theorists” and “there will always be net neutrality” (to paraphrase). But what he fails to tell people, and perhaps intentionally, is that his version of net neutrality is basically through ransom to use basic websites, or, to put it a way, the actual internet we have today, available to nearly everyone, will only going to be available to the rich who can afford the exorbitant amount of fees that will be tacked on, per package, of basic internet service to access to the websites we use on a daily basis.
The Issue With Congress
Congress has its own bills regarding Net Neutrality. One of them being S.993, which effectively solidifies the actions the Federal Communications Commission wants to do on the 14th. But this time, it will take a whole Congress, with GOP obstruction and congressional procedures, which prolong any attempt to reverse it, rather than a directive reversing it immediately.
The bill has remained dormant since it was introduced, but at any time, it can be rushed through, like it was with HR.1. But the main issue is, there are five Democrats in the House who are in support of this bill if it were to move forward in Congress, one of them being my Representative, Albio Sires (D / NJ-8), who is a sucker for the telecommunications industry and is ready to work to put a price tag on how we work in our lives.
These people, these same people for which we pay taxes to provide for their paychecks, or were jailed if we don't, want to work hard to privatize everything we do. And they're doing it successfully through the abhorrent Citizens United decision, and also from other corruption with influential policymakers. And they expect us to shut up and submit, like suckers.
The Final Proposal, The last Nail in Coffin
Ajit Pai, a Republican, is leading us to believe that he would actually encourage State's rights, which would allow states to make net neutrality laws in each state. But, Pai, being the establishment hack that he is, maybe doesn't realize or understand, again, perhaps intentionally, that State's rights are usually thrown out the window — unless it comes to abortion — but that's a discussion for later.
Largely, since the 2016 election, more and more people are becoming increasingly aware of many of the issues affecting not just our nation, but issues going on around the world. If this vote passes on the 14th of December and Title II is repealed, all that hard work would have been for nothing. The indispensable tools that WE, the PEOPLE of this country, the Progressives, the Libertarians, Republicans, Greens, Democratic Socialists, and the non-affiliated alike, you name it, we ALL use the internet to organize, to start a business, to educate ourselves, to reach one another in ways beyond just the stale e-mail and to increase others' awareness of the situations at hand, is most likely going to be gone from our collective reach.
But what now?
If you're pissed at your government for openly trying to sell your life to corporations, and you're ready to fight go to http://battleforthenet.com Lets go back to fight one last fight. Whether we win or lose on the 14th, there IS going to be something unprecedented happening in this country. Either by an ever- growing amount of awareness by people who are disillusioned by politics, or the right-wing, who believe the Trump is their “Supreme Leader”, or the growing number of activists willing to take to the streets for the issues and causes they support. People are angry and this show's the government doesn't work for the common man. The government has not worked for the people for a long, long time, and they have become so comfortable with it, Ajit Pai is openly joking about how he is a Verizon hack. In a country where pornographic sites are more concerned for your rights as people than the government we actively pay taxes to, really should say something about the state of our nation. We need to stop them in their tracks, period!
Elections are only one part of how we stop these monsters from ruining our country, more than it was already tarnished by the establishment politicians, both left, AND right-wingers, who send the poor to fight in wars in places we shouldn't have been in. We need to make these people scared that if they try something that isn't the people's will, they are out of a job.
To create the kind of “fear” necessary for this means to be ready to storm into their offices and force them to talk about the issues. March in and show there are people not ready to forgive. It's time to give them a rude awakening. If they want to repeal the most major form of communication and exchange of information or education, then they will face a heavy price, politically. We stopped them in their attempt to destroy healthcare more than 50 times during the Obama administration, and we killed their chances for HR.1628. We still have a chance to stop the final aspects of HR.1 and we closed the vote gap to the point they are now scrambling for votes, but we can't stop their egregious and erroneous attempts to fuck the nation if we don't save Title II. It's just that simple.
This week, make calls like your minutes allotted to you by your provider don't matter. Because you may not be able to afford them once they pass this. This week, send even more emails to Chairman Pai (here), overload their comments section, call the FCC, call and email Congress; tell them we're not going to let them get away with this.
Either we rise, and become the loudest, most powerful collective force they've ever seen and we save our futures, or, we sit and die, silently.
Cool Springs Ranch & Butchery north of Yorkton, Sask., is a magnet for the local food enthusiast — the kind of place that hosts farm to fork dinners and describes their animals as “pasture-fed” and “free-range.” It's family-run, to boot — with Janeen and Sam Covlin allowing their daughters Emma, 8, and Kate, 10, to help raise their animals, bring them to slaughter and prepare them for market.
That was, until the government dropped by last week with an Occupational Health and Safety order prohibiting the girls from working in the chicken processing plant, a major part of the farm's operation.
The couple posted their plight to social media and support came their way in waves, much of it critical of an overbearing government trying to mess with tradition and grassroots family life. Within a day or so, the government withdrew the order, but said a 14- and 15-year-old who worked at the farm and were not members of the Covlin family would have to quit. Still, the case has squared focus on the line between chores and child labour and just how massively the relationship between children and work has changed over time.
The Post'
s Sarah Boesveld explores Canada's child labour laws.
How old does a child have to be in order to work in Canada?
Labour laws are provincial, but generally speaking, young people can start work in Canada around age 14 — that's the case in Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick and Newfoundland and Labrador, according to the Commission for Labor Cooperation. Fifteen is the minimum age in Alberta (though Alberta excludes farms and ranches from child labour law) and British Columbia, while youth can start work at 16 in Manitoba. Children younger than 14 can work in Saskatchewan, Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island but with some limitations. Minors are also only allowed to work limited hours (mostly outside the school day and no more than two to three hours) and are not supposed to work in dangerous places. Farms are not typically considered dangerous workplaces according to labour law. “Child labour in general, particularly for children under 12 is deemed to be a bad thing because children are not physically or cognitively or emotionally mature enough, generally, to undertake work in a safe manner — there are threats to their physical health, their mental and emotional development,” said Bob Barnetson, a professor at Athabasca University's Centre for Work and Community Studies. “So we really limit what people who are under 12 can do. The big exception tends to be farming. In Alberta, for example, there are no rules. And in other provinces, governments tend to be reluctant to enforce rules, particularly on small farms.”
What constitutes regular farm chores vs child labour?
“Typically if a farm employs less than three people, it won't fall under health and safety regulations,” Prof. Barnetson said. But when farms incorporate processing, as Cool Springs does, he believes a line is crossed. “Meatpacking is one of Canada's three or four most dangerous occupations,” said Prof. Barnetson, whose 2009 paper ‘Narratives Justifying Unregulated Child Labour in Agriculture' is critical of Alberta's low levels of regulation when it comes to farm child labour. “We're taking a common-sense approach,” Don Morgan, the provincial labour minister told the Saskatoon Star-Phoenix. “We're treating this as an extension of the family farm operation.” Prof. Barnetson believes there is plenty of routine unsafe labour on family farms that children regularly perform — feeding lots of large livestock poses a hazard, he said, as does driving large machinery such as tractors.
But children have been working on farms forever, right? Why mess with tradition?
Since the Second World War, children living on farms performed all kinds of heavy labour, said Anne-Marie Ambert, a retired professor of sociology at York University who has written on changing family roles and expectations. “A farm can be very dangerous, but crossing the street can be very dangerous too,” she said. As social values shifted to make children, as one U.S. sociologist put it “economically worthless, but emotionally priceless” labour laws also evolved in each province, though farming has remained somewhat of an outlier. Farms are what settled this country and they instill a work ethic that seems to be on the wane, Prof. Ambert said.
“It makes life meaningful to children to contribute [in this way] and maybe this is why we have so many kids in high school who feel very depressed,” absorbed by Facebook and on smartphone games. The case was also framed as an unjustified attack on a family farm. Though surprised the government withdrew the order, Prof. Barnetson said standing by it would have been a bad move politically. “They can't afford to lose rural seats,” he said, of Western provincial governments.
So is farm child labour not really a problem?
There is a small but active lobby in Canada that says yes. A decade ago this September, Darlene Dunlop and husband Eric founded the Farmworkers Union of Alberta partly due to what they perceived to be child exploitation. “I found myself working with 8, 9 and 10-year-old paid labourers, not farmers children.” Many of them were not middle-class white children like Emma and Kate Covlin, she said, but Mennonite Mexican children who work alongside or even apart from their parents. “One could argue ‘yes, government goes too far,'” she said in response to public outcry over the Cool Springs Ranch order. “But in Alberta we have no regulations. That's too far.”
National Post
• Email: sboesveld@nationalpost.com | Twitter: sarahboesveld
One of the reasons I love documenting my online business ventures is that I have the ability to go back in time and re-live some of my experiences running a business.
And this came in handy the other day when a reader asked me the following question.
Steve, it seems like you always know what you are doing. Do you ever get impatient with the progress of your business? Do you ever compare yourself to other entrepreneurs and get frustrated with yourself?
Now my first reaction was to respond with something trite like “Don't give up. It's completely normal to feel this way. Don't compare yourself to others blah blah blah…”.
But instead, I dug deep into the archives of my blog to find this gem of a post.
Here's the thing…
Whenever you read about an entrepreneur who has a made a large sum of money in a short period of time, there is always a misconception that their path to success was quick and smooth.
Take my Stanford tree loving buddy Pat Flynn for example. If you read his blog and his tips, it seems as though he can make tens of thousands of dollars per day by barely lifting a finger.
What you don't hear about enough though is the pain and hardship he went through to get to this point.
I'm guilty of this as well.
The fact is that once your online business is up and running, life does get easier and we tend to forget about the early stage pain.
Looking back at our online wedding linens business, there were several times when I was a neurotic mess and I did a lot of stupid things. (Notice the use of the word “I”. My wife was usually more level headed and patient).
Some of the most common questions I get asked are, “Was business slow early on?”, “Was there any point in which you didn't think things would work?”, “Was there any point that you got frustrated and wanted to quit?”.
If you were planning on asking me any of these questions, I'll just save you the time right now and say “YES!!” as loudly as I can type.
In fact, there were many stupid things I did early on which I will share below.
My Mood Was Dictated By Sales
After the many weekends and late nights spent launching our business, I wanted to see results right away. In fact, I wanted sales so badly that I became obsessed with every customer that visited our site.
One of the coolest and biggest time sucking features of our shopping cart is that you can follow a customer as they browse your store.
What product are they looking at? Are they in checkout? What do they have in their shopping cart? You have all of this information at the click of your finger.
Editor's Note: Today, you can watch videos of your customers and track their mouse movements which brings stalking to a whole different level:)
Early on when things were slow, I used to stalk our customers and my mood would be dictated by their actions.
Me: Come on baby! That's right…Put something in your shopping cart. You want those linen napkins. I know you do. They'll look great on your dining room table. Wife: Will you stop stalking our customers already? It's just going to get you all worked up. Me: Nonsense! Oh!!! They put something in their cart!!! I think they might buy something! C'mon baby. Buy it!! Buy it!! Wife: **Sigh** Me: Sweet! They are entering in their information!!!! Just a little further… C'mon, click on ‘submit'. you can do it. It's the big purple button on the lower right. Wait….what's going on? They've been stuck on the payment page now for over 5 minutes…What's wrong?!? Mayday!! Mayday!! Why would they leave without paying for their merchandise. Crap!!! Is it something we did?….Is their something wrong with our store? It's game over man…Game over!!(I would go on like this for several minutes) Wife: I think you need to get a life…. Me: You are my life dear….and we just lost another customer.
Whenever we did successfully sell something, I would be on Cloud 9 for the entire day.
But when customers abandoned their cart, I'd be left with this empty feeling of despair. This roller coaster of emotions wasn't healthy for my psyche.
Taking Things A Step Further
It's one thing to passively observe the behavior of your customers online, but I desperately wanted and needed feedback in order to improve our store.
Why did customers not complete checkout? Why did customers leave the store so quickly? I wanted to know.
Unfortunately, when you just launch your business and people aren't buying, feedback can be hard to obtain.
Which brings me to neurotic action number 2…
Sometimes after a customer had abandoned their shopping cart, I would call them directly and ask why.
As you can imagine, some customers were shocked by the call and some of these conversations were downright uncomfortable.
Me: Our records indicate that you attempted checkout and your order didn't go through properly. Do you require any assistance to complete your order? Customer: Huh? Who is this? Me: I'm sorry. You were trying to purchase some wedding handkerchiefs from our online store about 15 minutes ago. Customer: That's strange, I don't remember buying anything. I was just looking around. How did you do get my number? Me: (You entered it when you left your unpurchased items littered all over our online store!***This is I wanted to say***) Oh okay. Was there a particular reason that you did not complete your purchase? Customer: **pause**. No reason…I was just looking around. What is it you want again? Please don't call again.
In my defense, even though I drove away some customers early on, I actually did get some quality feedback.
For example, one time a customer told me that there was a bug with our credit card processor and his debit card wouldn't work.
Another customer I called told me that our pictures were too small to make out the product details. I also discovered that many customers went through checkout just to find out the shipping costs because it wasn't obvious what the final total was.
I was even commended once for good customer service! Even still, getting called by a store right after you decide not to buy is not necessarily a wise thing to do…
Editor's Note: Even though my wife still makes fun of me for doing this, I've talked to many entrepreneurs over the years and calling abandoned cart customers is actually a common practice!
In fact, an entrepreneur I just hung out with at Ecommerce Fuel Live told me that he has a full on team dedicated towards calling back abandoned cart customers!
Looking back, this was one of the best things I ever did for our business early on. Heck, if you are sending a customer an abandoned cart email, you may as well call them too! The conversion rate is super high.
Changing Too Fast
Whenever I did receive any sort of feedback, I acted on it fast. And as a result, our online store was in a constant state of flux.
I never gave any of my changes anytime to digest.
Instead, it was like “Customer X couldn't find the Checkout button very easily. Perhaps I should make it twice the size and move it to the left”.
“Customer Y thought she needed an account to buy something. Perhaps I should re-implement the checkout process”.
What ended up happening was that I was constantly making tweaks without observing the impacts of each change. It was counterproductive and stressful as well because I worked at such a quick pace that I often made mistakes.
Probably the most egregious mistake I made was when a syntax error caused a picture to not load properly on one of our checkout pages.
Customers trying to make a purchase were greeted with a big red X where one of the photos should have been.
We All Have To Go Through It
The next time you read about someone making it big or making lots of money in a short period of time, realize that they had to work hard to get where they are today.
We all have our neurotic moments that we'd rather not share.
Don't even get me started on email marketing. There was a time when I had a very small email list and I used to stalk everyone's open/click rates.
Stella432@gmail.com, why aren't you opening my mail? Don't you know I'm just here to help? C'mon Stella…what's going on woman? Would you like me to email you again with a different subject line? Stella, stay with me baby!!! Stella!!!!!
Here's a little secret.
We are all not as confident as we appear to be. The scary thing is that I've barely scratched the surface with my mistakes.
The fact is that there aren't any true shortcuts. Things will come along gradually as long as you constantly try to improve.
If you find yourself getting impatient with your progress and you want to know how long it SHOULD take to be successful with your business, then read this post next.
Ready To Get Serious About Starting An Online Business?
If you are really considering starting your own online business, then you have to check out my free mini course on How To Create A Niche Online Store In 5 Easy Steps. In this 6 day mini course, I reveal the steps that my wife and I took to earn 100 thousand dollars in the span of just a year. Best of all, it's free and you'll receive weekly ecommerce tips and strategies!
Note: This post above may contain affiliate links, which means that I may receive a commission if you make a purchase when clicking a link. Please consult our privacy policy for more information.
Similar Posts
Have you read these?
A Palestinian father of six who was diagnosed with a brain cancer died at Gaza's Shifa Hospital on Wednesday while waiting for an entry permit to Israel, where he was set to undergo brain surgery and receive chemotherapy treatment at Ichilov Hospital in Tel Aviv.
UN Health Organization WHO: Dozens die in Gaza because of delayed Israeli medical permits News agencies UN's health organization says that while Israel is letting in unprecedented number of Palestinian patients for care, lengthy period required for background security checks result in needless deaths. Top Israeli coordinator rejects claim, cites cases in which Palestinians have used illnesses as pretext to carry out bombings WHO: Dozens die in Gaza because of delayed Israeli medical permits
Three weeks ago, at the request of Physicians for Human Rights-Israel (PHR-Israel), Dr Elsalam Abria of Haifa's Rambam Hospital wrote an opinion saying that Muhammad el-Harani would die within a few days or weeks unless he receives proper treatment in Israel.
Ran Yaron, co-director of PHR-Israel's Occupied Territories Project, said that after el-Harani was diagnosed with cancer last February he was referred to Ichilov Hospital to undergo brain surgery and chemotherapy treatment, which are not conducted in any medical center in Gaza.
El-Harani's request was rejected for security reasons, prompting PHR-Israel to file an urgent appeal on his behalf to the IDF's District Coordination Office. El-Harani's hearing, which was scheduled to take place at the Erez Crossing at the beginning of the week, was postponed by the army.
"The Shin Bet is continuing its harmful policy against cancer patients," Yaron said, "we are very concerned for the fate of 12 others who have requested entry to Israel for treatment."
Only one Gazan cancer patient received clearance to enter Israel for treatment since Ynet published its report on the affair about a week ago. Eight other patients have been denied entry.
In March five cancer patients died in Gaza while waiting for entry permits to Israel.
It's a core part of the REST architectural style to use caching!
That's nice, you might think, but why should I use it?
Because it will allow you to show off against other API Designers by claiming that your REST services are twice as RESTful as theirs 😉
But more seriously, Roy Fielding, who invented the REST architectural style, didn't add caching as a requirement just for the fun it! He added it because it can seriously boost performance, which is also shown in the numbers in Tom Christie's great post on performance tuning of Django REST services.
So, how do you get started with HTTP caching?
It's only for HTTP GET requests!
At first it may seem like an overwhelming task to implement HTTP Caching; especially if you have already developed a huge number of services.
The good news is that it's only GET methods where you need to think about caching as it doesn't really make much sense to cache POST, PUT or DELETE responses.
The even better news is that if you simply specify the right HTTP header then the browser will do all the heavy lifting for you!
Code, please!
That's all very nice! But can you please show us the code?
Definitely, but the only code you need is the Cache-Control header in your HTTP response. There are a number of directives in this header you can use to control the caching:
Directive Description max-age The maximum time that the cached response should be used (in seconds). The maximum value is 1 year. Example: Cache-Control: max-age=3600 Kyle Young writes that a rule of thumb is to use between 60 seconds and 1 hour for most content, but for pseudo dynamic content, use less than 60 seconds (or don't cache it at all). s-max-age This directive overrides max-age for shared cache, such as proxy servers. You usually have more control over the proxy cache than the client's local cache, so you can add longer values here. Example: Cache-Control: max-age=0, s-max-age=3600 Thuva Tharma has some interesting thoughts on why s-max-age may be better than max-age. public private Is the response specific to the client, so it cannot be used for other clients? For example, /tasks/myTasks is client-specific. If the response is client-specific, use private. Otherwise, use public, which is also the default. Examples: Cache-Control: private, max-age=3600 Cache-Control: public, max-age=3600 no-store This is used for sensitive data (like credit card details) that must not be stored in caches or proxies under any circumstances. Example: Cache-Control: no-store no-cache The client must not use cached responses. Unless, it first sends a conditional GET (with an ETag) to the server to check if the data has been updated in the meantime. Example: Cache-Control: no-cache must-revalidate If the cached response has expired, it must be revalidated at the server. HTTP might under some circumstances serve cached responses that have expired (for instance, under poor network connectivity), but using this directive ensures that this won't happen. Example: Cache-Control: max-age=3600, must-revalidate proxy-revalidate Same as must-revalidate, but for proxy servers. Example: Cache-Control: s-max-age=3600, proxy-revalidate
So let's say that the client sends a request for some metadata, and we want the client to cache it for 1 hour:
GET /customers/metadata HTTP/1.1 Host: api.example.com Accept: application/json Accept-Language: en
To do this, we just add the Cache-Control header to our response:
HTTP/1.1 200 OK Content-Type: application/json Cache-Control: max-age=3600 Content-Length: 88 Etag: "6d82cbb050ddc7fa9cbb659014546e59" { "languageCodes": [ {"da":"Danish"}, {"no":"Norwegian"}, {"en":"English"} ] }
As you can see it's pretty easy to add caching to your RESTful services…
So if you have performance issues then HTTP caching could be the power tool you are looking for to seriously reduce your response times!
Another Obama administration official is pushing back against Dick Cheney's attacks on the White House over the attempted Christmas Day terrorist attack.
On Fox News Sunday, senior counterterrorism adviser John Brennan -- who also served under President Bush -- responded to Cheneys comment that Obama thinks the war on terror is over.
"It's disappointing to me that either the vice president or others have willfully mischaracterized President Obama's position and actions or they're just ignorant of the facts," he said. "I think in either case, it doesn't speak well to sort of the reasons why they sort of went out and said these things."
"I'm neither Republican nor Democrat," he added. "I've worked for five previous administrations, and this president ... says we're at war with Al Qaeda. We're going to destroy Al Qaeda."
On NBC's "Meet The Press," Bush CIA director Michael Hayden agreed, saying, ": I -- I am heartened by the fact that the President consistently says, "We are at war with Al Qaeda and its affiliates ... We should not overly politicize things that are essentially security in nature."
In a blog post the previous week, White House Communications Director Dan Pfeiffer said Cheney's "bellicose rhetoric" didn't interest him and called the former VP's national security critique "strangely off-key."
Republican Donald Trump has tapped into new issues like the fear of terrorism and problems of illegal immigration driving American voters who for years have focused mostly on the economy, according to a new survey that helps to identify his winning issues.
A new Economist/YouGov survey also finds that his focus on terrorism has driven a surge in concern about an attack and terror now rivals the economy as the top issue among all voters.
The survey finds that issues driving Trump voters are sometimes different than those for other Republicans and Democrats. Among non-Trump Republicans, traditional social issues like abortion are key and among Democrats the economy and Social Security top terror and immigration.
But Trump has found key issues that millions of other voters are worried about and it has pushed him into the GOP nomination.
According to the survey:
— More than half of Trump supporters today look at illegal immigration as a very serious problem in their communities, compared with 17 percent overall.
— Two-thirds of Trump supporters now believe illegal immigrants are more likely to commit violent crimes, compared with 29 percent overall and 54 percent of all GOP voters.
— Half think the chances of a terrorist attack in the next 12 months are "very likely" compared with one quarter overall.
— 56 percent think more than half of all Muslim worldwide support ISIS, compared with 28 percent overall.
— 88 percent accept his characterization of Mexican immigrants, made at his presidential announcement, as "having lots of problems…bringing drugs…bringing crime…rapists."
— 94 percent of Trump's supporters don't think the United States should accept Syrian refugees who are Muslim – and 59 percent wouldn't accept Syrian refugees who are Christian (most other Republicans and Democrats would).
— 88 percent would construct a wall along the border with Mexico, and 69 percent believe illegal immigrants now in the U.S. should be required to leave.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com
Yet today, “Ecotopia” is increasingly assigned in college courses on the environment, sociology and urban planning, and its cult following has begun to reach an unlikely readership: Mr. Callenbach, who lives in Berkeley, Calif., and calls himself a “fringe, '60s person,” has been finding himself invited to speak at many small religious colleges. This month, the book's publisher, Bantam, is reissuing it.
“For a while it seemed sort of antique to people,” said Mr. Callenbach, a balding and eerily fit man of 79, sitting in his backyard, which he was converting into a preserve for native plants. “They said the book is ‘very Berkeley' and all that. But now that you go out into America and young society, it apparently doesn't seem that weird to them at all.”
When he began working on his novel, Mr. Callenbach was a middle-aged editor of science books at the University of California Press. His marriage was crumbling, and he despaired over what he saw as an endangered environment. He spent three years writing the book, sending each chapter to scientists to make sure the science held up. Then the real work began.
“It was rejected by every significant publisher in New York,” Mr. Callenbach said. “Some said it didn't have enough sex and violence, or that they couldn't tell if it were a novel or a tract. Somebody said the ecology trend was over. This was New York, circa 1974. I was on the point of burning it.”
But he cobbled together money from friends — “I think they wrote me checks out of pity for my poor, about-to-be-divorced state” — and printed 2,500 copies. The first printing sold, as did the next, and after an excerpt in Harper's Weekly, Bantam decided to publish “Ecotopia.”
The author now calls it “a lucky little book.”
But not a classic book, the kind taught along with Herman Melville in American literature classes. Set at what seems to be the turn of the 21st century, and told through the columns and diaries of a reporter from the fictional New York Times-Post, the novel is not especially literary. Its characters are flat; its prose — well, call it utilitarian. And the plot, in which the narrator drops his skepticism and settles into Ecotopian life, thanks in part to a love interest, lacks sophistication. And yet the book has managed to find its place in the here and now.
Photo
Alan Weisman, author of last year's acclaimed “The World Without Us,” a nonfiction chronicle of the planet after the departure of the human race, said the book was ahead of its time. Environmental writing in the early '70s was not especially concerned with shortage and sustainability, he said. “A lot of it was about preserving beautiful areas and beautiful species.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In fact, like other important environmental books, the novel's impact may be lasting. Writing has a special place in the environmental movement — “a literature with measurable effects,” wrote Bill McKibben, in the introduction to “American Earth: Environmental Writing Since Thoreau,” a new anthology. John Muir's essays and books about the Sierra Nevada gave the country national parks, just as Bob Marshall's writings about forestry led to the Wilderness Act, which has protected millions of acres of federal land.
So what has “Ecotopia” given us?
A great deal, thinks Professor Slovic of the University of Nevada, including the bioregionalism movement, which considers each part of the country as having a distinct ecological character to be cultivated. The green movement's focus on local foods and products, and its emphasis on energy reduction also have roots in “Ecotopia,” he said. In fact, much of Portland, Ore., with its public transport, slow-growth planning and eat-local restaurants, can seem like Ecotopia made reality.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“People may look at it and say, ‘These are familiar ideas,' ” Professor Slovic said, “not even quite realizing that Callenbach launched much of our thinking about these things. We've absorbed it through osmosis.”
Daniel Brayton, who teaches English and environmental literature at Middlebury College in Vermont, plans to teach “Ecotopia” in his utopian fiction class. He sees the book's genius as its “big-picture environmental thinking,” successfully predicting the big issues of today. “Callenbach got that right,” he said. “He's looking at the total physical health of the social body.”
“Ecotopia” has its critics. Feminists attacked it for its ritual war games, in which men don spears to work off their “natural” aggression, dragging women into the woods to celebrate. (Mr. Callenbach said he was influenced by the anthropologist Margaret Mead, and her idea that the sexes express aggression differently.)
Some were made uncomfortable by the way black people were excluded from Ecotopian society: most live in Soul City, which is less affluent and green than the rest of Mr. Callenbach's world. The author said he was reflecting black nationalist ideas of the time, as well as an early '70s skepticism about integration. “I probably would write it quite differently at this point,” he said.
Mr. Brayton of Middlebury sees “a deep conservatism to the book,” where categories like race and gender are unalterable. “In academia we call that essentialism.”
Over the years, Mr. Callenbach's readership has changed, as hippies and New Agers have been joined by churchgoers. The author often visits St. Mary's College of California, a Catholic school near Oakland. “Ecotopia” is required freshman reading at the Presbyterian-affiliated Muskingum College in rural Ohio. And it's part of the curriculum at the University of San Francisco, a Jesuit institution.
Mr. Callenbach hopes the book will resonate among the greening edges of an evangelical movement. But the novel's relatively free sex and liberal politics may limit that readership. Susanna Hecht, a professor of urban planning at the University of California, Los Angeles, sees it as a counterpoint to Thoreau's more austere “Walden.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“ ‘Walden' is very Protestant,” she said. “This is pagan, with a Zen relationship to nature.”
But to Mr. Callenbach and many of his fans, “Ecotopia” is a blueprint for the future.
“It is so hard to imagine anything fundamentally different from what we have now,” he said. “But without these alternate visions, we get stuck on dead center.”
“And we'd better get ready,” he added. “We need to know where we'd like to go.”
Sycamore Township, Ohio, allows residents to put blasphemous dolls in their front yard, a town official says, but does not allow front-yard structures taller than 5 feet. WXIX-TV/Screenshot
A front-yard Ohio manger scene that depicts blood dripping from baby Jesus' sharpened teeth commanded national news coverage this week, but the Cincinnati-area zoning official who denied the display a permit says qualms about its blasphemous content played no role in his decision.
“Everyone thinks it's a religion thing. It has nothing to do with religion,” says Sycamore Township Zoning Administrator Harry Holbert, who says he has been flooded with emails after his office issued a court summons to manger creator John “Jasen” Dixon, who ignored the permit rejection.
Holbert says he denied Dixon's permit request last week because the township doesn't allow anyone to build a structure taller than 5 feet in their front yard, and allowing a 9-foot roofed manger would open the door to a neighbor building a shed.
“It's an accessory structure built in a front yard. That's it,” he says.
The zoning official says his office does not regulate outdoor display of life-sized dolls and that he believes Dixon intentionally broke the town's rules to get media attention.
Dixon was cited for just one day of violating township rules, Holbert says, for which Dixon told local media he faced $500 a day in fines. Holbert says actual penalties are now at the discretion of a judge and could be smaller.
Dixon could not be reached for comment on the issue or for confirmation on whether the structure has been modified, and the manager of an active Indiegogo fundraising page set up on his behalf – which has raised about $2,500 as of Wednesday – did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Initially, Dixon cast the dispute as a free speech battle and gave no hint of backing down in local media interviews. Attention swelled and he attracted widespread aggregated news coverage and blurbs by The New York Times and CNN.
Holbert says local rules have spawned some public confusion, as a certificate from the local building department isn't required for structures under 200 square feet, though they still require a zoning permit.
“If it's under 5 feet, you don't even need a zoning certificate, you can put all the figurines in your front yard, no matter what they are,” he says. “The problem is, some media outlets take a little bit of information and run with it, but it's not accurate all the time and that creates the chaos. And now everyone across the country is interested in this accessory structure in a guy's front yard. I guess it sells, right?”
A new app, cutely christened MonkeyParking, allows drivers to auction off their prime public parking spots in San Francisco to the highest bidder. Kudos to those of you who want to park your Tesla right in front of Puerto Alegre. Yet again, the world is yours.
But you don't have to be a Lower Haight resident to use the newfangled app. Nope. Drivers can bid anywhere from $10, $15, $20, or more for a parking spot swap. Some people, though, are none too thrilled about it. For example:
.@MonkeyParking you are everything that is wrong with tech and everything that is wrong with with what is becoming of San Francisco. — Alex Halpern (@HalpernAlex) May 1, 2014
I wonder if @MonkeyParking's next product will be to let people sell their seats on #SFMuni. — EC (@EC) May 4, 2014
For their part, MonkeyParking claims that they're in the app business for reducing traffic, not money. (Perish the thought.) Paolo Dobrowolny, co-founder of MonkeyParking, tells SFGate, "It's a fair business for anybody...It's not just for rich people. If you think you can get that money back when you leave that parking spot, you can earn back the money when you leave the spot."
As for parking spaces, there just aren't enough of them in the city. (Then again, what driver anywhere thinks there's enough parking, ever?) KTVU notes:
Like many large cities, parking is at a premium in San Francisco. SF MUNI's parking census, which has yet to be officially released, shows 440,000 spaces available. Of those, 275,000 are street parking. "That makes up about 900 miles, and that's larger than California's coastline," said MUNI spokesman, Paul Rose. "But in a city like San Francisco, those spaces are limited."
However, according to Jackson West of Uptown Almanac, this app could hinder much-needed funds going to improve land and infrastructure improvements on public property. In part, he writes:
The thing is, a ridiculously large portion of the 49 square miles in San Francisco is set aside for parking cars. And what the city owns, it hardly charges enough for. The SFPark program introduced in 2010 has used a different method to achieve goals similar to those stated by MonkeyParking, which is to assure parking availability even during busy times: By increasing the cost of the most popular spots. But that money goes straight to the SFMTA, which perpetually needs it for things like paying the Police Department millions for “security services”—as it should, because that land and the infrastructure improvements on it are public property.
In the end, MonkeyParking sits in the same genre as Airbnb, only this time they're using public space for commodity, while ostensibly claiming to provide "valuable information for everybody."
[Uptown Almanac]
[KTVU]
[SFGate]
Image caption At least 12 people are said to have been killed in attacks in the city this weekend
Tennis players have been warned about security ahead of the start of the Mexican Open in the troubled Pacific resort of Acapulco.
The professional men's tennis association, the ATP, cautioned against travelling outside hotels.
Players were advised to leave the city immediately after being eliminated from the tournament.
Mexico's government has assured the ATP that appropriate security measures have been put in place.
Several arrests have been made following a recent spate of drug-related violence in the city.
A weekend of attacks on taxis in the city left 12 drivers or passengers dead, the Associated Press news agency quotes local police as saying.
Dozens of cars have also been burned in recent days but the motives were not clear, AP reported.
In January, the bodies of 15 headless men were found outside a shopping centre in the resort.
'A bit scared'
Among the players attending the six-day tournament, which opens on Monday, are the defending men's champion, David Ferrer of Spain, who said he had no fears about being there.
But David Nalbandian of Argentina said on Saturday he was thinking about withdrawing, adding that he also had a groin injury.
"It's a great and enjoyable tournament to play," he said.
"But for right now it's a little more difficult because of the security situation. We [players] are a bit scared about this and we're trying to decide what to do."
More than 34,000 people have been killed in drug-related violence in Mexico since late 2006.
NEW DELHI: Women constitute less than 2% of all central paramilitary personnel but account for over 40% of the suicides in these forces , data collated from the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) and the Bureau of Police Research & Development (BPRD) shows.The recently released NCRB data on accidental deaths and suicides shows that in 2014, 175 people in central armed police forces – which include the BSF , CRPF, CISF and other paramilitary organisations – committed suicide. As many as 73 of them or 41.7% were women. Data from BPRD shows that of the nearly 9.3 lakh people employed in these forces just a little over 18,000 were women compared to over 9.1 lakh men.What that means is that the suicide rate for women in paramilitary forces is 396.9 per lakh compared to just 11.2 per lakh for men. The data clearly suggests that women in these units face a much higher degree of stress than men do.Incidentally, suicide rates for men in the paramilitary forces are actually a little lower than in the general population, where it is about 13.9 per lakh. For women, obviously, the rate of suicides in the paramilitary forces is way above the rate in the general population, where it is just 7.1 per lakh.What makes this gender skew even more shocking is the fact that women personnel are not deployed in combat positions. The CRPF has sent its first batch of women personnel for combat roles in Chhattisgarh as a pilot project, but they have not been part of any operation so far. So the reason cannot be stress associated with duty in conflict situations.The NCRB data suggests that marital discord is the biggest cause of suicides among central paramilitary personnel . Of the total 45 persons who killed themselves because of marriage-related issues 21 were men while 24 were women. These issues include non-settlement of marriage, dowry deaths and extra-marital affairs. There is a large category of unspecified reasons clubbed under "others" where female suicides equal those by men at 43.What's also striking is that among the 36 states and UTs, just four states account for all of the female suicides in central paramilitary forces. The data shows that 29 of them or about 40% were reported in Madhya Pradesh alone. Telangana, Bihar and Jammu & Kashmir, in descending order were the other three states.Three of these states – excluding Bihar — also account for the bulk of suicides by all central paramilitary personnel. Although these states have in the past been among those worst hit by insurgency or Maoist extremism, the current situation is much better. This is borne out by the fact that none of the 89 fatalities because of deaths in action/operation or encounters were reported from these three states.Sources from the forces expressed surprise at the data and said there is no study that has examined the high suicide rates among female personnel. They speculated, however, that a major factor could be that it is generally far more difficult for women to work in these forces. Many of them, they pointed out, join the forces in their twenties, which is around the same time as they get married or have children. Balancing the pressures of family responsibilities and duty often becomes very demanding for them, the sources said.
Times View
What this data indicates is an extremely high level of stress for women working in India's central paramilitary forces. It is clear that these organisations have not really studied the issue leave alone arrived at any conclusions as to why the situation is so dire. They need to treat it as an urgent task. As avenues earlier closed to women open up for them, society owes it to them to understand their specific needs and accommodate them. This responsibility is even higher in the case of state-run institutions.
by Brett Stevens on July 21, 2013
Accurate description of the threat that liberalism presents will sound apocalyptic or conspiracy-paranoid to most people. It sounds more like describing an infectious disease that turns people into zombies and destroys civilization.
Except that this is exactly what leftism is. All strong things collapse from within, and leftism is the disease — like a cancer or wasting disease — that causes a society to collapse. All societies that collapse encounter something like leftism.
In its simplest form, leftism is hubris, or the notion that the human individual knows better than reality, tradition, culture or even common sense. It puts the human desires, judgments and feelings before logic and experience.
Another way to look at it is reversed cause and effect. Normally we look at life by comparing what we want to achieve, to what actions have had that effect in reality in the past. In reversed cause-effect, we look at whatever action is convenient for us and assume it will do.
The reason for this reversal is that we've switched the human being from being that which adapts to reality, to that which determines what reality is. Whatever happens based on the human's actions, the human justifies this and claims it is what desired.
In this you can see the essence of liberalism: it is an ideology and dogma designed to replace reality. It does this by making the projections of our mind justified as more important than the consequences of our actions in reality.
Under any other circumstances, we would call this delusion, neurosis, hallucination, insanity, superstition or mesmerism. Instead, we take it seriously and consider it as a viable option. Why?
The oldest and deadliest course in the world is the path of good intentions. “The road to hell is paved with good intentions,” our Grandfathers would say. What did that mean? Good intentions are no substitute for good design, which is the study of cause/effect actions.
Liberalism is beyond assault because it is based on good intentions toward those who are in the least position of power. It is thus a “think of the children” type of dogma, one that justifies itself automatically by our feelings.
This is the ugly hook of liberalism. It is a social philosophy, meaning that it attacks our image of ourselves as seen through the eyes of others. It makes us fear that we will be seen as cruel, elitist, mean and selfish.
In other words, you can't oppose liberalism without looking like a jerk. This is because liberalism places appearance before reality. It's what people think about reality, not reality, that is what matters.
It rewards a social system where manipulating the opinion others have of us determines whether we are tolerated at all. If we do not please the crowd, they can ostracize us, not hire us, and socially isolate us. Going against the will of the herd means slow death.
By placing itself beyond criticism, liberalism installs itself as an apocalyptic and conspiratorial viewpoint. There is only liberalism, and then everything which is not “think of the children” and thus is bad.
In this viewpoint, life is bad until liberalism makes it better, and those who oppose liberalism even if gently are those who want you to experience a bad life. It's not that they have reasons for opposing it; it's that they mean to hurt you personally.
Liberalism appeals to the defensive ego, which is the part of us that asserts itself when a threat exists. It is like gorillas puffing themselves up before a fight in order to appear stronger and scare away the enemy.
As soon as the human being feels negative about life, or starts to resent life for being difficult, this defensive ego invokes itself. This happens with increasing frequency as a society decays, so liberalism effectively creates its own audience.
What it specializes in doing is dividing. It splits the individual from the group, and then creates a new group dedicated to the individual. This group then fragments reality from a whole into many smaller measurements, none of which means much except as symbolism.
Symbolism becomes reality as a result. When a fact or appearance seems to mean something, it is taken to mean something. That which agrees with the ideology is implemented, and when it fails, it is justified as being caused by an evil scapegoat oppressor, or claimed to be desired.
The final touch is that liberals try to convince us their ideas are new. Really their ideas are old, because this is how people behaved before they figured out civilization. But telling us these ideas are new helps conceal the more mundane truth.
Think of a common mistake, like misjudging the distance of the last step on a flight of stairs. People do it every day. Everywhere stairs are invented, which is everywhere because the design is obvious, this problem exists.
The philosophy of liberalism is the same way. It does not need to be invented, nor is it unique to any time in history. It is like misjudging a step, except it is misjudging our minds and reality.
This is why every civilization that has failed has gone through a liberal period in its decline. Over time, the degree of liberalism accepted accelerates, until the civilization is in a final state like Rome or the Soviet Union before the fall.
In this state, a decadent elite rules over a numb population. The middle class is gone. Common sense is gone. What remains is either being in the system, or being those subject to it. The elite can do whatever they want, and everyone else absorbs the socialized cost.
The civilization collapses from within. Eventually, something will come staggering out of the woods to deliver the coup de grace, but in the meantime, the ordinary functions of the civilization shut down one by one.
To avoid this, you oppose leftism, no matter how apocalyptic or conspiratorial it seems to your friends.
Tags: collapse, crowdism, liberalism, pathogen
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Coats and Rogers in early June.
Two top intelligence chiefs have told investigators that President Trump asked them to publicly refute any collusion between his campaign and Russia, CNN is reporting.
Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Admiral Mike Rogers reportedly told this to both Special Counsel Robert Mueller and investigators for the Senate Intelligence Committee, shedding light on their awkward refusals to reveal conversations with Trump at a Senate testimony earlier this month.
The men thought the interactions with Trump were “odd and uncomfortable,” according to CNN, and were surprised by Trump's suggestion. But they told investigators that they did not believe they were receiving an order.
In addition to asking them to knock down his links to Russia, Trump also asked Coats and Rogers to confirm that former FBI director James Comey told the president that he was not personally under investigation, CNN says. They did not take this as an order though and did not follow through on Trump's request.
These revelations go a long toward explaining the odd testimony both men gave to the Senate on June 7. Continually asked what Trump had said to them about the Russia investigation, both men kept returning to blanket statements asserting that they'd never been directed or felt pressure to do anything “illegal, immoral, unethical, or inappropriate,” as Rogers put it at the time.
Pushed to clarify Trump's statements to them, they continually referred back to their vague denials, much to the frustration of senators from both parties. CNN reports that Coats and Rogers had asked the White House if it should assert executive privilege over the conversations with Trump but they didn't receive an answer in time, leaving them to squirm in front of the committee.
Digital Overload: Your Brain On Gadgets
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto.com iStockphoto.com
The average person today consumes almost three times as much information as what the typical person consumed in 1960, according to research at the University of California, San Diego.
And The New York Times reports that the average computer user checks 40 websites a day and can switch programs 36 times an hour.
"It's an onslaught of information coming in today," says Times technology journalist Matt Richtel. "At one time a screen meant maybe something in your living room. But now it's something in your pocket so it goes everywhere -- it can be behind the wheel, it can be at the dinner table, it can be in the bathroom. We see it everywhere today."
Richtel has spent the past several months researching the toll technology and "information juggling" are taking on our lives -- and our brains. His series "Your Brain On Computers" describes how multitasking on computers and digital gadgets affects the way people process information -- and how quickly they can then become distracted.
The Brain In The Wild
Recently Richtel accompanied several scientists, all of whom are studying the brain, on a weeklong retreat to a remote corner of Utah. The rules of the vacation? No cell phones, no Internet access and no technological distractions.
"Partly they wanted to go on vacation and see it through a neurologic lens," he says. "They wanted to take a look at what was happening to their brain and their perspectives -- and by extension, ours -- as they got off the grid."
The scientists were divided in half about how they felt about information overload. Two of the five -- whom Richtel termed "the believers" -- thought that the constant stream of data coming into their lives was making it increasingly difficult to focus and concentrate, and that heading back into nature could help them recharge. The other three neuroscientists -- "the skeptics" -- thought that the benefits of having constant access to information far outweighed any consequences.
While out in the wild, the scientists -- skeptics included -- noticed something significant happening on the third day they couldn't use their hand-held devices, computers and mobile phones.
"You start to feel more relaxed. Maybe you sleep a little better. Maybe you don't reach for your phone pinging in your pocket," Richtel says. "Maybe you wait a little longer before answering a question. Maybe you don't feel in a rush to do anything -- your sense of urgency fades." Richtel terms it the "three-day effect."
Though the three-day effect didn't surprise the neuroscientists on the trip, they realized it presented a new research problem.
"They said, 'Let us see if there's anything in this three-day effect that might be the basis for future study that might help us understand when we're overwhelmed with data and what happens to us when we get away from it,' " explains Richtel, who accompanied the scientists on the trip. "To some extent, the skeptics did see a bit of a change in their perspective. They did say [things like] 'I am not as engaged in my world when I'm constantly using devices as I am when I am away from them.' They also said that revelation will inform [their] research going forward and may help us reach broader conclusions. But they didn't say, 'I understand now what is happening to the brain.' They simply said, 'There is something that merits real study here.' "
Streaming Information And The Brain
Richtel says another question scientists are asking is how much is too much, when it comes to processing technology.
Just as food nourishes us and we need it for life, so too — in the 21st century and the modern age — we need technology. You cannot survive without the communication tools; the productivity tools are essential.
"What is the line right now when we go from a kind of technology nourishment to a kind of stepping backwards, to a kind of distraction -- where instead of informing us, [technology] distracts us and impedes our productivity?" he asks. "There's growing evidence that that line is closer than we've imagined or acknowledged."
He points to one study conducted at Stanford University, which showed that heavy multimedia users have trouble filtering out irrelevant information -- and trouble focusing on tasks. Other research, he says, says that heavy video game playing may release dopamine, which is thought to be involved with addictive behaviors.
"When you check your information, when you get a buzz in your pocket, when you get a ring -- you get what they call a dopamine squirt. You get a little rush of adrenaline," he says. "Well, guess what happens in its absence? You feel bored. You're conditioned by a neurological response: 'Check me check me.' "
Richtel says that research is ongoing, particularly into how heavy technology may fundamentally alter the frontal lobe during childhood, how addictive behavior can lead to poor decision-making and how the brain is rewired when it is constantly inundated with new information.
But it's not all doom and gloom, he says. There are enormous benefits associated with technology, too. Research from the University of Rochester indicates that certain video gamers have more visual acuity than those who don't game. And there's value in offloading thinking to a computer, he says -- by, for example, using Google Maps instead of calling for directions or organizing information in Excel instead of keeping track of it in your head.
toggle caption The New York Times
"There's some stuff being done at UCSF where scientists are trying to figure out if they can train older drivers to pick up more information in their surroundings that would let them react more quickly," he says. "Could they effectively develop games that would have transferability outside the game environment into the real-world environment? A key word in this discussion is transfer. How do tasks we perform on the Internet transfer to real life? That stuff is still very much in its embryonic stages."
One way of looking at all of this research, he says, is to think of technology the way we think about food.
"Just as food nourishes us and we need it for life, so too -- in the 21st century and the modern age -- we need technology. You cannot survive without the communication tools; the productivity tools are essential," he says. "And yet, food has pros and cons to it. We know that some food is Twinkies and some food is Brussels sprouts. And we know that if we overeat, it causes problems. Similarly, after 20 years of glorifying technology as if all computers were good and all use of it was good, science is beginning to embrace the idea that some technology is Twinkies and some technology is Brussels sprouts."
In addition to covering technology and telecommunications for The New York Times, Matt Richtel also writes a syndicated comic strip, Rudy Park, and is the author of Hooked, a thriller set in Silicon Valley. Richtel received the Pulitzer Prize in 2010 for a series in The New York Times on driving while multitasking.
Plans include 800-seat performing arts theater
Buy Photo The Plymouth-Canton Community Schools board voted unanimously Feb. 10 to accept the PARC committee's offer to purchase the school. (Photo: Jessica J. Trevino/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
A historic Plymouth-Canton school will be repurposed and transformed into a state-of-the-art recreation center after the school district sold the building for $3.3 million to a grassroots organization.
After nearly a century, Central Middle School will close at the end of the 2014-15 academic year.
Organizers said construction on the Plymouth Arts and Recreation Complex (PARC) could begin in 2017 and be competed in 2018 or 2019. The school, at 650 Church St., sits on about 18 acres.
The Plymouth-Canton Community Schools board voted unanimously Feb. 10 to accept the PARC committee's offer to purchase the school and the surrounding property, including the football field and the land that houses the Miracle League of Plymouth special-needs baseball fields. The PARC committee is composed of community leaders, sports teams, residents, nonprofits and policymakers.
"We now have a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform this 100-year-old historic facility into an arts, education and athletic complex that will serve the Plymouth community for decades to come," said PARC representative Don Soenen, who has been the face of the project. "Plymouth is a wonderful community with a great quality of life. We can now enhance that quality of life."
The fitness center will be equipped with exercise equipment and classes, as well as court time for basketball and volleyball. Additional amenities will be offered, too, based on feedback from the community.
The complex also will be home to an 800-seat performing arts theater, a senior citizen center, teen center and more.
More than a year ago, the Plymouth-Canton board passed a resolution saying it would negotiate exclusively with PARC for one year. That year passed without an agreement and, in late December, the board ended the exclusive arrangement.
But the sides kept negotiating and, with sole financing coming from Mark Malcolm and Patty Malcolm of Plymouth and their corporation, Malcolm Central, the deal finally got done.
Mark Malcolm, who with his wife is active in preserving Plymouth's history, called the deal a "critically important milestone" for the district and the community.
"We intend to do everything we can to preserve and re-purpose Central Middle School and include it in a charitable arrangement with PARC ... for the enduring benefit of the Plymouth community," Malcolm said.
Space at PARC would be used by groups that now use Central facilities — youth football, soccer and other sports programs, Plymouth-Canton Community Schools community education, the Miracle League of Plymouth — as well as other groups that have shown interest, such as the Michigan Philharmonic.
Board members hailed the deal as an "everyone wins" agreement.
"In a world where we very seldom get win-win situations, I think this is a great opportunity for the district to get fair market value and for the community to have a property where it can do the things it wants to do," trustee Mark Horvath said.
In the short term — two or three years — PARC and its tenants would be able to sustain the facility, but in the long term, organizers are looking toward a joint Plymouth-Plymouth Township public taxing authority that would raise money to remodel and rebuild the complex and run it as a recreation and arts center for both communities.
Soenen, a township resident, said PARC would approach the township board again and that city and township voters should decide. Voters would have a say on any tax proposal put forth by a joint PARC authority.
Soenen said the project's timeline is at least 12 months behind what was originally proposed. The group, he said, will seek more community input, develop a business plan and an economic impact study and move to the design phase.
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1Alb7Xo
Spencer
ItemV2 has landed. Even in its broken ass state, its been awesome to get back into the rhythm of a playable game and reconnect with the playerbase somewhat. I've been madly filling in gaps in the gameplay in the week leading up to the experimental release. Post release we've been all hands on deck fixing up all the bugs in our new systems. There is something magical about having a really broken game to fix, the amount you can get done in a day seems so much more than grinding away on a big system.
Things are starting to get a bit more stable in the back end. We've been mainly focusing on system issues rather than balance / content issues as most of the current content will be changed week to week as we push out our experimental patches.
Content Patch This Friday
As promised we will be releasing a rather drastic content patch to go out this friday with a wipe. It will include an entirely new map, and change up the gameplay a lot. As we will also be spending a lot of time fixing bugs this week, we don't have a heap of time to put into the game mode, however we think with some cut corners and art we have up our seleeve we should be able to put something awesome together.
Urban Survival
This weeks experimental map will contain some incarnation of the City Mils was working on a while ago. Guns and vehicles will be plentiful, holding territory will be lucrative and difficult. We basically want to create chaos that will result in lots of:
A) Gunfights
B) Sneaking around
C) Getting killed and raging
D) Trying to jump kangas out of skyscraper windows
What we plan to get out of this experiment, is get a feel for how we are going to incorporate the city into the larger survival game. We will also get a chance to benchmark the performance of the City art and lodding systems, and most of all just get everyone running around it, see what modifications we need to make to get it into the master branch.
It's experimental. Expect a broken unbalanced fun test of more of our new systems. By the time people figure out how to exploit it and ruin the game, we will be back with another experiment the Friday after! I would throw up some screenshots, but we haven't even started working on it yet. It should be a good test of how much we can bang out in a couple of days with our new systems.
Last nights patch didn't work
Some of the files didn't update from our new build system and didn't actually get released last night when I pushed out the patch. Guess that's what I get for doing 4am builds. I have a new patch waiting to go out now which should sort out a lot more issues however steam publishing seems to be offline so I can't push it out. Will do it asap.
Cow_Trix
Hey folks! Busy week last week getting the ItemV2 experimental build out and fixing all the little bugs that came up in the process. There's definitely some more work to be done in the map tools, in optimisation, bug fixing and workflow improvements. The map tools unfortunately were not in a state where we could easily and quickly iterate, and we had to leave some stuff out like the roads.
There were loads of little bugfixes here and there, I implemented TehSplatt's cool new world items, and I reimplemented emotes with a much nicer structure that means that hopefully down the road, when we redo how the player animation is structured, we'll be able to easily add new emotes as mods. I think the new emote menu is a vast improvement over the old massive one, as well! I also took some suggestions from Spencer and reworked how we setup Item poses and attachments for their world items and icons, so that is a lot more intuitive and simple now. Things like the binary effect UI needed fixing, as well as some savegame serialization issues with binary effects.
Then it was onto localization, which I think we can do a lot better than what we currently do. Currently localization is a community-driven effort, but we're the bottleneck. In the future, I'd like to allow people to author localization mods on the Steam Workshop that people can subscribe to at will, instead of having a bunch of central embedded localization data included in the game. I'd also like to write a little widget for picking localization keys in the editor, as often we're setting a field to this very specific type of string data.
This week I'll be working through bugs you all have raised on the ItemV2 branch! There have been some interesting ones already that should be fixed in the patch coming out today. Please keep them coming on the Steam Forums, it helps us loads.
Mils
It was really good to get the basic ItemV2 to you all last week. While we were rushing around putting last minute stuff into the game we got quite a lot done. Firstly I got the grey boxing on the Recurve Bow to a good place. I made 3 basic sets where all the parts are interchangeable. Below is an image of the breakdown of components that the bow can have. There's the Riser; the grip part in the middle that the character holds. The Limbs & Strings; a single mesh for both that does all the bending etc. The Arrows; they go ouchies when they are in you. Finally The Rests; the little bit you rest your arrow on.
These are the 3 designs that we will be testing. They are very simple geo right now, but we may be adding them to V2 soon to test out.
Lastly, while the coders are mega busy patching and fixing the inital V2 release I've been working on this…
Yes it's the most beloved sniper rifle known to man. We'll at least to us. The AWM or Arctic Warfare Magnum. Such a beast of gun! Spencer describes it as ‘having chunk' In the best sense. I agree that it is super satisfying to look at, so we are making this instead of the other thing that was in the Deathmatch build. Below are 3 Stock variations that we can add to it. I felt I should concept these so that we could get a feel for them. The rest of the parts will be easy to copy from reference.
TEHSPLATT
Finished off the the priority world items (Cash, Planks and Cement) last week. I think they came out pretty nice. As some of you may know, Cash has replaced Amber, this was partly due to Amber potentially needing a custom shader to look good, which would have taken too much time for not much gain. The wood planks were surprisingly difficult due to them being so simple and we were originally going to have the world item as a single plank but it was very hard to make it recognizable as just one plank so a stack seemed like the best option. I'm enjoying doing items with branded design layouts on them like the ammo boxes and now the cement, get to hide a lot of dumb jokes in them.
After finishing off the priority world items I went through and set up all the icon lighting and poses. This process took a while as all the items needed to read nicely at smaller sizes without having intense lighting changes that would make them look like they were rendered under noticeably different lighting setups. Items like the Detonator Cap have a different icon to their world item due to readability in the world.
Had a go at re-doing the large fallen tree that players gather wood from. I tried to keep it simple while also adding a bit more detail than the original as it was very lacking in the detail area. I went a bit further and tried to do a different style for each biome. The Beach log is still very similar in terms of look and colour. The Red Dessert log is much lighter in colour due to it having constant direct sunlight a large portion of the time. The Forest log has had it's saturation bumped up along with the addition of mushrooms and moss to give it a more lively feeling. The Snow log was darkened to make it stand out more among the white and was layered with snow.
Tom
This week we made the big push to get ItemV2 experimental into your hands. First up was implementing sleepers and unfortunately in my rush to get everything ready I made an oversight and forgot to consider the combat logout timer which was disabled in editor mode and ended up creating sleepers at the wrong time leaving both the sleeper and the player in the world until the logout timer ran out. This caused a whole bunch of problems where if you killed the logging out player the items in the loot drop were also in the sleeper and doing things like splitting the stack and throwing the items out into the world were causing a whole bunch of nasty issues including item duplication. We've fixed the sleeper creation timing in 0.4.0.2 along with a host of other item/inventory handling bugs to ensure this can't happen again even if we were to create sleepers at the wrong time.
After the sleepers I gave the vehicles a pass to bring them into line with the live game. While doing this it became clear that vehicles are overcomplicated to setup and there is too much configuration that has to be duplicated in too many places (for example wheel slot inventory mappings have to be explicitly setup on both the server and client versions of the vehicle when under our new system they can be derived by the vehicle's storage config object), we definitely need to improve this and derive configuration where we can but obviously we have higher priority concerns right now!
Right now we're a mix of excited and exhausted, we made a big push to get ItemV2 out to you all and obviously it still has many issues. We haven't been taking a break though and should be dropping our 3rd bugfix patch around the time this blog goes out.
Speaking of bug fixing we've been getting lots of good feedback and error reporting but it could be even more useful if you could include your game log and a dxdiag file (for Windows users only, see the pic below). These files can be uploaded to pastebin.com and then linked in the post/email/message/etc.
This gives us way more info to help find and reproduce your error.
Abercrombie & Fitch has finally settled its months-long battle with activist investor Glenn Welling's Engaged Capital by agreeing to replace four longtime board members at its annual meeting this year.
Welling, who has been pressuring Abercrombie to fire controversial Chief Executive Officer Mike Jeffries and to consider selling the company, nominated five people to the teen retailer's board in February after failing to reach an agreement with the company in private negotiations. While Abercrombie added three new directors to its board in January in response to Welling's demands for change, the investor believed that they wouldn't be able to make a difference against the retailer's nine incumbent directors.
Abercrombie avoided a showdown in June at its annual meeting with today's announcement, which has Welling's blessing. Only one replacement was suggested by Engaged Capital — Diane Neal, the former head of Bath & Body Works. The other three appear to have been picked by Abercrombie. Notably, they're all women: Sarah Gallagher, a former Ralph Lauren executive; Bonnie Brooks, vice chair of Hudson's Bay department stores; and Stephanie Shern, of Ernst & Young.
Engaged agreed to withdraw its own nominees and vote with the company. Welling said he is "pleased to have worked constructively with the company to this end," adding that the new directors, along with Abercrombie's appointment of a new chairman and the termination of a shareholder rights plan earlier this year, will help "set a new direction for the company."
The four directors departing Abercrombie do not have any retail experience. They include Elizabeth Lee, the headmistress of a local uniforms-required private school; Lauren Brisky, the former financial liason for Vanderbilt University; John Kessler, the owner of a local real estate development company; and Kevin Huvane, a partner at Creative Artists Agency.
However, Archie Griffin, the two-time Heisman Trophy winner, who also lacks retail experience, will remain on the board.
To the surprise of no one who took the time to read about Jefferson Beauregard Sessions III (our new attorney general), his plans for our criminal justice system are belligerently regressive. He's going to roll back recent police reforms, reopen the private prison system, stop investigating and monitoring local police departments and eliminate the National Commission on Forensic Science. You may be asking yourself why an attorney general would do this given the current tenor of the country regarding law enforcement and the blatant, systemic issues within our system?
Well, according to Sessions, it's because he believes "it is not the responsibility of the federal government to manage non-federal law enforcement agencies."
In other words, he's saying, "it ain't my job." Jeff Sessions thinks our current system would be better off if we dialed back all that talk about police reform, drug reform, and adequate representation. He prefers the old way we did things. You know, back before that bunch of radicals walked over that bridge in Alabama.
It's worth noting:
This is the same guy who allegedly agreed with a judge who called a white attorney a "disgrace to his race" for representing a black client.
This is the same guy allegedly called the ACLU and the NAACP "un-American."
This is the same guy who called marijuana "only slightly less awful" than heroin.
This is the same guy who called the Voting Rights Act "intrusive."
This is the same guy who charged civil rights activists with voter fraud for doing exactly the same thing white people had been doing for years without prosecution.
This is the same guy who was denied a federal judgeship in 1986 for all of the aforementioned, racist statements and actions.
A great number of people thought it was a terrible idea to make this man the highest ranking law enforcement agent in the land given that the system he would be leading has such a sordid history of promoting racial inequality. But, it happened, and so far it's going just the way people feared it would.
And it's a big deal.
Mass incarceration and the rise of the prison industrial complex is a massive issue facing our country. In case you haven't heard, our criminal justice system is deeply flawed. Since the very first time a gavel connected to its counterpart and reverberated throughout a courtroom on U.S. soil, our system has been unequally applied, tilted even—on the precipice of tipping over. Have we evolved? Sure, we no longer throw people in jail for dating someone of another race, or for sitting in the front of the bus or for using a water fountain assigned to white people, but we've really only limped on from the 1960s. We're still quite draconian, we're just better at hiding it—the inequality is less direct, more layered. Our institutional racism has more depth to it than it used to.
Minimum sentences for crack possession are 18x longer than minimum sentences for cocaine possession—even though they're the same drug in different forms. That's better than the 100:1 disparity applied until the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010, but it still disproportionally targets poor, predominantly black neighborhoods.
Research by the Herald Tribune analyzing data from the Florida Department of Corrections found that blacks received far longer sentences than whites convicted of the same crimes.
courtesy of Herald Tribune
According to data collected by the Prison Policy Initiative, one in five people currently incarcerated are serving sentences for non-violent drug offenses. Of the estimated 2.3 million people currently incarcerated, that means around 460,000 of them are locked up for drugs. That is an obscene number, especially given the fact that it equals the incarceration total of 1986, and it doubles the incarceration rates of every year until the mid-'70s.
It was in the ‘70s when Nixon's war on drugs began to make an impact and our prison system started to evolve into the monstrous, industrial behemoth it is today.
Here's some data from The Sentencing Project:
courtesy of The Sentencing Project
Quite an uptick wouldn't you say?
Research conducted by the Pew in 2013 found that the exponential rise in mass incarceration was not a steady increase across the board racially. In 1960, before the Civil Rights Act had passed and discrimination was legal, pervasive and normal, black men were five times more likely to be incarcerated than white men. In 2010, four decades after the Civil Rights Act, with a black U.S. president two years into his first term and many Americans believing we were living in a post-racial nation, black men were six times more likely to be incarcerated than white men.
courtesy of the Pew Research Center
This January, the Department of Justice found that the Chicago Police Department had regularly engaged in discriminatory practices and an array of civil rights violations. A year prior, a similar study on the Baltimore Police Department produced identical findings. The BPD was found to engage in “enforcement strategies that produce severe and unjustified disparities in the rates of stops, searches and arrests of African Americans[.]” Both police forces (the 2nd and 23rd largest in the country respectively) violated the Fourth Amendment protecting against unlawful search and seizure.
The Obama administration seemed to recognize that reform was needed and that the disparity of imprisonment was due to the targeting of poor, predominantly black neighborhoods, the over-sentencing for minor crimes and the lack of proper legal representation. They took small steps to address these issues, but, frankly, they didn't do enough. The adjustments were incremental and designed to be built upon.
Now they are primed to be erased.
You will not hear much about police reform, community engagement, body cameras, proper legal representation, improving evidence collection methods, tackling rampant sentence disparities, police brutality or any other issue therein for the foreseeable future.
Black lives clearly don't matter much to Jeff Sessions.
He's washing his hands of the whole thing, and America will be far worse off for it.
Paddy Power Red Faced After Losing $1m In Early Clinton Win Payouts
Pete - Wednesday, November 9, 2016, Written by- Wednesday, November 9, 2016, Live poker
Bookmaker Paddy Power is feeling the sting from their own bravado, after paying out $1m to Hillary Clinton supporters early, so confident were they that there was no chance that Donald Trump would upset the odds to win the election. In total the Republican candidate's victory has cost them a cool $4.5m.
On their blog Paddy Power opened today's post title with "Paddy's Been Trump-ed!". The blog goes on to blame the FBI's recent reopening of their investigation against Hillary Clinton for the public vote going against her. However, in a previous blog, the writer noted that although the odds were slightly affected by the investigation, that they still had Clinton as an 70% favourite to take over the Presidency from Barack Obama.
In any case, Paddy Power didn't seem to disheartened by the big loss and the $1m "giveaway" to those who bet on Clinton with PP spokesperson, Feilim Mac An lomaire saying "We're in the business of making predictions and decided to put our neck on the live by paying out early on Hillary Clinton, but boy did we get it wrong. We've been well and truly thumped by Trump with his victory leaving us with the biggest political payout in the comapny's history and some very, very expensive egg on our faces,"
The blog also joked that the payout has "left serious question marks over our company's Christmas party".
No doubt the additional exposure the company will have garnered from the backfired early pay-out will be seen as come first class free publicity for the unfortunate bookie.
Early last month, Robert Stephens, CTO for Best Buy, revealed via Twitter that the company was working on an Android tablet. The good news: he's now tweeted a few pictures of a RocketFish branded tablet, and boy does it look good (actually, it looks startlingly similar to the iPhone 4). The bad news: Engadget says it lacks internals (although I couldn't find that anywhere). Somehow, despite the fact that it evidently has nothing inside, Stephens claims it runs Froyo and has a front-facing camera for video calling over Fring.
The idea of a RocketFish branded Android tablet is pretty enticing - in my experience, RF products are good quality at a great price, and given how gorgeous this thing looks, it doesn't seem like they're looking to pop out another low-quality, slapstick tablet.
Based on the fact that the tablet is running Froyo - and this is pure speculation on my part - it would make sense that the release can't be too terribly far away, even if this thing is just a prototype. Considering Gingerbread's release is slated for the end of the year, it wouldn't make much sense to hype a device for running Android 2.2 unless it was coming relatively soon. That said, it may just be running Froyo for now – the prototype could later make the transition to Gingerbread, who knows.
[Via: Engadget, Source: CrunchGear]
The British government is not on track to meet its promise to accommodate 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020, a group of MPs has warned.
The Home Affairs Select Committee said progress on resettling refugees has been slow. Just 2,000 Syrian families were resettled at the start of the second quarter of 2016. Until the final period of 2015, no more than 53 refugees arrived in any one quarter of the year.
Read more
The report comes days after it was revealed that the UK's new prime minister, Theresa May, scrapped the ‘minister for Syrian refugees' role invented by her predecessor David Cameron.
May quietly made the change when she moved Richard Harrington, the first and only occupant of the ministerial post responsible for Syrian refugees, to become the new pensions minister in her Cabinet reshuffle.
The cross-party Committee also said a more recent commitment by Cameron to resettle 3,000 child refugees from camps in Europe, including Dunkirk and the Calais ‘Jungle,' was at risk.
“We remain concerned about the Government's ability to increase capacity sufficiently to meet its commitment to resettle 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020, and the separate commitment to resettle thousands of unaccompanied children, which the Government has rightly made,” the report states.
The MPs also raised concerns about growing delays in decisions on asylum claims, with “the number of applications received outstripping the number of decisions made.” More than 34,000 applications were pending a decision at the start of 2016.
The Committee also made note of asylum seekers who are wrongly returned to the countries they fled.
Read more
“An unacceptably high number of asylum applications are being dealt with inappropriately, resulting in people being returned to countries like Eritrea, which the Government knows is unsafe, or successfully appealed,” the report states.
It goes on to state that a success rate of almost 90 percent for Eritreans appealing unsuccessful asylum requests showed they had been “incorrectly refused.”
Iranian asylum seekers have more than half of appeals against refusals upheld.
Lisa Doyle, head of advocacy at the Refugee Council, told The Independent that the system is leaving people in “limbo.”
“It's extremely concerning that so many people are still waiting for a decision on their asylum claim, years after first applying. Behind these statistics are individuals, many of whom will have suffered extreme trauma, forced to live day to day in uncertainty while they await the outcome of what could be a life or death decision,” she said.
May's spokesperson has said the ministerial role for settling refugees will be fully absorbed by other departments, and that the government is still “fully committed” to receiving 20,000 refugees by 2020.
Story highlights Tim Harris was born with Down syndrome
He operates Tim's Place restaurant in New Mexico
"Tim Hugs" are on the menu; he's given out more than 40,000
I was born in January of 1986. A few hours after I was born, our doctor told my parents that I had Down syndrome.
A lot of people told my parents that they were very, very sorry. I guess they didn't know then just how totally awesome I would turn out to be.
Growing up with three brothers was a lot of fun. They treated me like a brother -- not like someone special or different. They never let me use my disability to get out of doing the dishes when it was my turn. I did try sometimes, though.
I started in Special Olympics when I was 13 years old. My Special Olympic sports are basketball, poly hockey , volleyball, golf and track and field. I have dozens of gold medals -- way more than another Olympian, Michael Phelps Many of them are on display in my restaurant.
JUST WATCHED Scoliosis doesn't stop LPGA champ Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Scoliosis doesn't stop LPGA champ 02:02
JUST WATCHED From migrant farmworker to surgeon Replay More Videos ... MUST-WATCH From migrant farmworker to surgeon 02:59
JUST WATCHED Twins suffer from severe allergies Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Twins suffer from severe allergies 02:48
I think that being athletes made me and my friends popular in high school. I was so popular that I decided to run for Homecoming King in my senior year. I was very happy when I won My brothers told me that even though I was the King at the school, I was not the King of our house!
After high school I had a dream to go to college. In the fall of 2004 I moved to Roswell, New Mexico, to attend Eastern New Mexico University. And yes, it's true, there are aliens in Roswell. I graduated in the summer of 2008 with certificates in food service, office skills and restaurant hosting.
After college, I knew I wanted to live on my own. I love my parents a lot, but I want to have my own life. In July of 2010 I moved into my own apartment. I shop for my own groceries, do my own laundry and pay all of my own bills.
I love living in my own place. And lucky me, it's right next door to my restaurant. I bet you wish you could walk to work in two minutes.
For over 10 years, I had a dream to own my own business. Well I'm here to tell you that dreams do come true. I am the owner of Tim's Place -- the world's friendliest restaurant , located in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
My favorite part of the work day is giving out the free Tim Hugs. They are on my menu and most people order at least one. So far, I've given out nearly 40,000 hugs. I even have a counter on the wall to keep track of the total. I guess you can say I'm a lean, mean, hugging machine.
I have a dream to inspire other people to reach for the stars. If I can do it, you can too.
See you at Tim's Place.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the past few weeks, as Congress has lumbered inexorably toward a government shutdown, we've seen the emergence of a new faction in the Republican Party: The Ted Cruz wing.
So named after the polarizing senator from Texas, the Ted Cruz wing, which is essentially the Tea Party in concentrated form, has been accused of all manner of nefariousness by members of the GOP, from backstabbing Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) to acting like "lemmings with suicide vests."
The very public acrimony on display is a significant moment in the ongoing evolution of the GOP, and the latest evidence that its quixotic strategy to "defund" ObamaCare has exposed — and perhaps exacerbated — a huge divide in the party. Indeed, even though the focus has largely been on the grinding stalemate between Democrats and Republicans, the most vicious fighting has pitted Republicans against one another.
The internecine warfare began weeks ago, when it became clear Republicans had no chance of convincing the Democratic-led Senate or President Obama to join them in defunding ObamaCare. With Cruz publicly and privately exhorting Tea Partiers in the House to go through with it anyway, GOP aides called the freshman Texan a "joke" and griped that he was torpedoing the party for his own political gain.
The Republican backlash grew stronger as Congress approached, and then passed, the deadline to fund the government, in large part because the defund position is deeply unpopular with the general public.
Voters, by a resounding 3-1 margin, oppose shutting down the government to block the health-care law, according to a Quinnipiac poll released Tuesday. And by a 74-17 percent margin, they disapprove of how congressional Republicans have been doing their jobs — the GOP's worst marks ever.
Recognizing the strength of their position, Democrats have refused to budge one inch.
"As long as I am president, I will not give in to reckless demands by some in the Republican Party to deny affordable health insurance to millions of hardworking Americans," Obama reaffirmed Tuesday.
While Democrats have been able to remain united throughout the process, Republicans have devolved into intraparty name-calling that could hurt them in the long run.
Here's Slate's John Dickerson on that point:
If Republicans want to stand fast against overwhelming public opinion, unity during the shutdown is critical. They should be singing from the same song sheet, something that goes a little like this: "We acted to keep government open while trying to protect Americans from being forced into a system they don't trust and which has had such problems the president has exempted big business but not regular people." But there is no unity in the Republican chorus. That was clear even before the shutdown began, as Republican senators spoke openly about the folly of the GOP's approach. That's why John McCain, who was one such senator, was tweeting out polling figures that undermine the House Republican cause. So many Republican members have spoken out against the strategy that the Tea Party Express sent out a fundraising appeal asking, "With Republicans Like These, Who Needs Democrats?" [Slate]
Faced with a unified wall of opposition, and mindful of the overwhelming poll numbers, some Republicans have split with the party and said they are ready to throw in the towel.
"We've called their bluff, and they didn't blink," Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) told The New York Times. "At this point it would kind of strain logic to assume that going deeper into this when Republicans are likely to get the blame will benefit us more."
Moderates threatened to revolt Monday night and strike an embarrassing blow to House leadership. Though that plan flamed out, more centrist members have since denounced Cruz and his cohorts and insisted the GOP strike a new course.
By some accounts, there are now enough Republican votes for Boehner to successfully bring a clean government-funding resolution to a vote and send it on to the Senate, ending the shutdown. But Boehner has been so "crippled" since Tea Party–aligned newbies in January threatened to oust him from his post, according to National Review's well-sourced Robert Costa, that he hasn't dared to stand up to them since.
"What we're seeing is the collapse of institutional Republican power," Costa told The Washington Post.
Adding to the chaos, powerful outside groups have targeted Republicans who have broken with Cruz. When some Republican senators supported cloture on the first House budget bill — meaning, they merely refused to stall a vote on the bill itself — the Senate Conservatives Fund called it the "ultimate betrayal." Minority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), the SCF said, was a "turncoat" who had "surrendered to Barack Obama."
Combined, this has created a no-win situation for Boehner, leaving him, and the party, hopelessly hamstrung. Under fire from both sides in his own caucus, he will eventually have to cut one wing loose and suffer the backlash.
Whatever Boehner decides, it could determine who is in control of the Republican Party: The Ted Cruz wing or what is left of the establishment.
(JTA) — A Jewish family from Belgium and a French university director received anti-Semitic threats, according to reports in French-language media.
The family from Rhode-Saint-Genese near Brussels received on Tuesday a letter with a swastika and the words “dirty Jews.” The mother, identified only as Anne in an article published by La Capitale, said she did not know who might have sent the letter.
One of the family's children attends a Jewish school but the family describes itself as secular. The family filed a complaint with police and contacted Joel Rubinfeld, founder of the Belgian League Against Anti-Semitism.
The family received the letter two days after a commemoration held on the one-year anniversary of the murder of four people, allegedly by an Islamist who is on trial and is denying his involvement in the attack, at the Jewish Museum of Belgium.
The museum's spokesperson, Chouna Lomponda, a Belgian woman of African descent, also received a threat Tuesday on Facebook, she told La Capitale. “Stop showing and talking for Jews. It could be dangerous for you,” the text read.
In France, the director of the Technical University Institution, or IUT, in Saint-Denis near Paris, who has received multiple death threats this year, is believed to have been targeted anew by unknown individuals who sent five of his colleagues text massages reading: “You too will fall. You work for Jews.”
In addition to the messages to the colleagues of Samuel Mayol, a star of David was painted on the door of an office of a teacher at the institution, the Le Figaro daily reported Thursday.
The National Bureau for Vigilance Against Anti-Semitism, or BNVCA, on Wednesday condemned the incident in a statement and praised France's education minister, Najat Vallaud-Belkacem, for also condemning it and classifying it as anti-Semitic.
“The anti-Semitic climate at this university has been worsening for several years,” BNVCA founder Sammy Ghozlan wrote in a statement, which blamed “anti-Israel propaganda disseminated by student bodies that are supported by the French and foreign far-left groups.”
This story "Jews in Belgium and France Receive Anti-Semitic Threats" was written by JTA.
A 21 day quarantine, after being infected with the Ebola virus, has become the standard quarantine recommendation for avoiding the spread of the virus. That's not long enough to eliminate the risk, suggested a new study published yesterday in PLOS Currents: Outbreaks.
By looking at data from past Ebola outbreaks, as well as the first nine months of the current Ebola outbreak, Drexel University environmental engineering professor Dr. Charles Haas pointed out that between 0.1 and 12 percent of the time, the incubation period for someone infected with Ebola was longer than 21 days, either by a few days or even a couple of weeks. The 0.1 figure comes from the 1976 Ebola outbreak in Zaire, which had far fewer cases analyzed than the other Ebola outbreaks looked at in this study that have had a higher number of cases with longer incubation periods, such as the Ebola outbreak in Congo in 1995 and the current outbreak in West Africa. In the first nine months of the current Ebola outbreak in West Africa, five percent of patients had an incubation period beyond 21 days, according to WHO Ebola Response Team in a study published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
"While the 21-day quarantine value, currently used, may have arisen from reasonable interpretation of early outbreak data, this work suggests reconsideration is in order and that 21 days might not be sufficiently protective of public health," wrote Haas in the study.
The Ebola incubation period, which is the period between virus onset and symptom display, is on average two to 21 days, according to World Health Organization. Death or recovery typically follows right behind that. Once someone recovers from Ebola, they can no longer spread the disease (though it may be present in semen for up to three months), according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Most people don't deviate from that two to 21 day incubation period, as this study shows, and many don't see a doctor before symptoms arise, making a 21 day isolation sufficient for most. But with this current Ebola outbreak, which has claimed more than 4,000 lives and which has an increasing number of people being quarantined before symptoms arise, one way to get ahead of this virus may be by setting a longer quarantine period, so those who survive it may not spread it to others toward the end of the incubation period, Haas suggested in the study.
How long Ebola patients should be isolated is not answered by Haas. The purpose of the study was to not provide a number, but to start the conversation.
Echo Fox will start Henrik "Froggen" Hansen, Park "KFO" Jeong-hun, Yuri "KEITH" Jew and Terry "BIG" Chuong for their Week 5 games, Riot Games announced via Fantasy LCS.
Froggen and KFO have been out of Echo Fox's starting roster since Week 2 due to visa issues. Anthony "Hard" Barkhostev was also benched, though he was able to play in Echo Fox's Week 4 games against Team SoloMid and Team Dignitas.
If Echo Fox also starts Hard this week, then it will be the first time since Week 1 that the team will start their full roster.
I'm an international recognized alien now.
PogChamp — Henrik Hansen (@FroggenLoL) February 12, 2016
Since the visa issues came up, Echo Fox has fielded a rotating roster of substitutes that includes Benjamin "LOD" deMunck, William "Stunt" Chen Colin "Solo" Earnest, Greyson "Goldenglue" Gilmer and Jonathan "Grigne" Armao.
Echo Fox is currently 1-7 in the North American LCS, tied for last place with Renegades. Their Week 5 games will be against Renegades and NRG eSports.
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore eSports. He's clever like a fox. You can follow him on Twitter.
If you think the Montreal Canadiens‘ goaltending is in good shape, look even deeper into their system, says Don Cherry.
Grapes had only good things to say about the Habs' goalie prospects (and their scouting department) on Saturday night's Coach's Corner. He began with Canada's win at the Spengler Cup and the play of Zach Fucale, the Canadiens' second round pick at the 2013 draft.
“Here's the guy I like, Fucale,” said Cherry. “He plays for the Brampton Beast of the ECHL and he is a dandy. Guess who owns [his rights]? It's Montreal, believe it.”
Canada defeated HC Lugano, a Swiss club, Saturday for its second straight title at the tournament.
“Coach Luke Richardson did a great job,” said Don. “They throw [players] together and go over there and beat them and that's the way to do it. Canadian Heart!”
And as Cherry is ever-present at junior hockey games in the Greater Toronto Area, he talked about watching a recent OHL game between the Owen Sound Attack and North Bay Battalion where he watched another Habs prospect steal the show.
“I watched Owen Sound beat the Battalion and again, I saw that Michael McNiven who is unbelievable,” he said. “He was undrafted, and guess who went and signed him? You'll never believe it, Montreal again! Whoever the [scout] is in Montreal, the guy should get a bonus.”
McNiven is in his third year with the Attack, boasting a record this season of 17-7 with a 2.21 goals-against average and a .921 save percentage. He was among the last Team Canada cuts for this year's world junior championship.
But it was the comment he snuck in during the segment that was rather newsworthy.
“I had Carey Price in the [annual CHL] prospect game and I thought he was terrific. This guy [McNiven] is as good as Price right now.”
That's high praise and big shoes to fill for an all-star NHLer who made this save Saturday night:
Your move, McNiven.
Things are getting busy at the 3D printing show in London. Amidst the colourful, and quirky displays of 3D selfies, and printed plants there are some pretty revolutionary, and life-changing innovations.
It's one thing to 3D print a neat, problem-solving gadget like the Pebble dock we wrote about here. How about a hand?! Ok, it's not a fully functioning hand, yet, the team at Open Bionics are getting pretty close.
They are at the show as part of one of the feature zones. It's called 3D Printshow Hospital, where the latest innovations in medical technology are being demonstrated. There are some pretty eye-opening things on the show, including cranial implants and stem cell printing, which literally involves printing cells.
That's very much in development now, but progress in the field of prosthetics could make a huge difference to anyone who has suffered a tragic accident resulting in amputation in the very near future.
Open Bionics can print hands that fit patients perfectly
There are an estimated 11.4 million hand amputees worldwide: Joel Gibbard wants to help them (source: Open Hand)
At the moment it costs between €50,000 – €150,000 for a prosthetic hand, and it takes up to 2 months to produce. That's a huge price to pay, and a long time to wait. As the Open Bionics' slogan says, “Prosthetics shouldn't cost an arm and a leg”. Their CEO, Joel Gibbard, has this at the front of his mind, “We want to reduce the price of prosthetics down to €1,500 to €3,000, so they're much more affordable, either privately or for the NHS.”
With increasing pressure on resources, Britain's world-leading public healthcare service needs all the help it can get. It could certainly use a hand from Open Bionics.
The innovative company seems to buck the trend of ‘business as usual,' and is looking to make its products as affordable as possible, but not at the expense of quality. “Using state of the art scanning technology we can print prosthetic hands that fit patients perfectly,” Joel explains. They have already had reports that their prototypes reduce friction and discomfort significantly for patients, even compared to top of the range solutions.
A prosthetic that can be printed overnight
So how do they manage to make it so much cheaper without reducing the quality? Well, although it's not ready quite yet, by 3D printing the prosthetic they can print it overnight, so it dramatically cuts down the amount of work that needs to be done. That's where a lot of the cost lies.
After that, it takes about an hour to fit the electrodes, which help move the fingers, and make the hand grip. It's all connected to sensors that are placed on the forearm. These ‘read' the muscle and tissue movements, which control the hand. They are still developing different movements to make the prosthetic as advanced as possible, but it's another exciting example of how 3D printing is improving the production of complex solutions at the same time as making them quicker, cheaper, and eventually better.
If the moon landing was “One small step for man, a giant leap for mankind,” then this new 3D printed hand has got to be at least a high-five.
Gone fishing
It is not a great time to be an Arsenal, but here's a humorous little straw for downtrodden Gooners to cling to. The club has signed the son of the man who spearheaded part one of the campaign to bring Cesc Fabregas back to Barcelona.
Guim Laporta, son of ex-Barca president Joan, is now playing for Arsenal's youth team after moving from Barcelona's Infantil A side.
Laporta Senior was the man who lodged the Catalan giants' first bids for Cesc back in the summer of 2010. And he was still stirring things up earlier this year.
He was quoted as saying: “The English come here to go ‘fishing'. They came to fish for Gerard Pique and they came to fish for Cesc Fabregas. It is an issue of justice that we (Barça) now want to recover them.
“I would have liked it if Cesc came to Barça in the way that Pique came. He abandoned Manchester United, making it clear he was going to Barça. They were players who were formed here.”
Alas, Guim's move to the Gunners was nothing to do with English ‘fishing'. His mum has moved to London and the youngster has decided to switch clubs to stay with her.
The 14-year-old is younger than Fabregas was when he moved to England. Arsenal will be hoping to make another nice return on another hotly-tipped youngster.
The German parliament has withstood a barrage of pressure from the Turkish government, approving a symbolic resolution that declares the 1915 massacre of Armenians by Ottoman Turkish forces a ‘genocide'.
The vote was almost unanimous in supporting the resolution with just one MP voting against and another abstaining. The move was largely expected and was supported by German Chancellor Angela Merkel. However, the German leader was forced to skip the vote due to prior commitments.
Read more
Gregor Gysi, a Left Party politician critical of Turkey's treatment of the Kurds, who are doing an excellent job in fighting Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL), said that “Germany was a historical accessory” and has a duty to recognize the mass killings of Armenians in the First World War.
“We need to call this what it was – a genocide,” he told the parliament. “The Bunderstag should not allow itself to be blackmailed by Turkey's threats.”
The news was greeted with delight by dozens of Armenian supporters who had gathered outside the parliament building, and were carrying banners commemorating the genocide.
According to the Christian Democratic Union's Albert Weiler, Germany had a “historical duty” to recognize the mass killings of Armenians.
“Without this admission there cannot be forgiveness and reconciliation. Suffering does not know temporary boundaries. Genocide will never remain in the past. By recognizing the genocide, it will force the Turkish government to take a brave step and look into its own history,” he said.
Representatives from the Turkish and Armenian embassies were present in the German parliament while the vote was taking place.
Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian praised the decision, saying it demonstrated “Germany's valuable contribution not only to the international recognition and condemnation of the Armenian Genocide, but also to the universal fight for the prevention of genocides [and] crimes against humanity,” AFP reported.
Read more
The ruling AK Party in Turkey responded by saying that the move by the German parliament has seriously damaged relations between the two countries.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who is on a state visit to Kenya, said the decision will have a serious impact on relations between the two countries.
The Turkish government has already recalled its ambassador to Germany, Huseyin Avni Karslioglu, who is expected to arrive back in Turkey on Thursday afternoon. Erdoğan added that after Karslioglu returns, the government will discuss which steps Ankara will take in response.
Sections of the German media are worried about the impact the decision to recognize the genocide could have on the migrant deal between Turkey and the EU, which has been championed by Merkel.
Speaking after the vote took place, Chancellor Merkel said that Berlin's relationship with Ankara is broad and strong.
"There is a lot that binds Germany to Turkey and even if we have a difference of opinion on an individual matter, the breadth of our links, our friendship, our strategic ties, is great," Merkel said, as cited by Reuters.
'Always the same terms': German MPs receive threatening emails over plans to recognize Armenian genocide https://t.co/lWR3nBsGo5 — RT (@RT_com) June 1, 2016
The bloc says the agreement is necessary to stem the tide of migrants heading towards Europe. Some 1.1 million refugees settled in Germany last year. In return, Ankara will receive billions of euros from the EU, while its citizens would also be given visa free travel to the Schengen zone, which encompasses most of Europe.
The parliamentary vote was originally scheduled to take place a year ago to mark the centenary of the genocide, but due to concerns over the fallout with Turkey, Merkel's allies postponed the move.
The mass killings began on April 24, 1915, when 250 Armenian intellectuals were detained by Ottoman authorities and later executed in their capital, Constantinople, present-day Istanbul.
Most of the Ottoman Empire's Armenians were subsequently displaced, deported or placed in concentration camps, ostensibly for rebelling against the Ottomans and siding with Russia during the First World War. This affected up to 1.5 million Armenians.
Earlier this year, thousands of people around the globe took to the streets to commemorate the 1915 massacre.
Turkey – the successor of the Ottoman Empire – concedes that many Armenians were mistreated at the time, but maintains that the number of victims has been grossly exaggerated and that there was no genocide.
by Marcel Mutoni / @marcel_mutoni
Before things went completely sour, before the Toronto Raptors compiled a record of 4-19 (only topped by the incompetence in Washington), there was a sense of hope and promise.
Raptors head coach Dwane Casey talked about Andrea Bargnani possibly becoming an All-Star this season. Things haven't quite worked out that way — the team has played an embarrassing brand of basketball, they're riddled with nagging injuries, trade rumors are swirling, and the franchise player is depressed.
Andrea Bargnani, out indefinitely with a torn ligament in his right elbow and a strained right wrist, tells the Toronto Sun that he's down in the dumps:
Andrea Bargnani has had the toughest start to a season of his NBA career. He's not a happy camper these days, aware that he'll have to miss weeks of action due to a torn ligament. The enigmatic Roman even used the word “depressed” to describe his current state of mind, though head coach Dwane Casey believed something might have been lost in translation.
Bargnani: “I'm very upset that it's something very bad again (Bargnani missed most of the 2011-12 season due to injuries), kind of depressed,” Bargnani said before lightening up a bit. “It was a bad fall, could have been worse, could have broke some of my bones, my wrist, so I got lucky in certain ways, but it's really bad. Bad moment, bad timing, everything.”
Casey said he would talk to Bargnani to make sure he isn't actually depressed. “Down is OK, but depressed is pretty strong,” Casey said. “Nobody is happy about losing. I'm not happy. Fans are not happy. Players are not happy, but I'm not depressed. Depressed is when you're looking at Christmas or whatever is coming up and you don't have food for your kids and gifts for your kids. That's depressed. We're blessed.”
This is perhaps just a clumsy way for a very frustrated player to express himself — Bargnani has seen his numbers take a considerable dip across the board this season.
Toronto Raptors fans, though, likely aren't exaggerating when they say that they're depressed.
If your smartphone doesn't last the day, chances are the screen is largely to blame. The display is by far the most power-hungry component in your mobile device, but on your next phone it may give back some of the power it takes.
Related Content This Clear Plastic Material Harvests Solar Energy Without You Even Knowing It's There
Japanese device maker Kyocera, in a partnership with the French firm SunPartner Technologies, is showing off a prototype smartphone this week at Mobile World Congress, the largest trade show for mobile technology, with a screen that can actually charge the device both outdoors and indoors under bright lights.
Phones, like Samsung's Blue Earth, have solar cells embedded on the back. But when using a phone, the back is obscured by your hand, and it's the screen that gets the most exposure to light. So Kyocera has incorporated transparent solar technology into the screen of its rugged Torque line.
The tech is thin enough to be incorporated into existing phones. The solar layer is less than 0.5 millimeters thick, according to a press release, and up to 90 percent transparent, so it doesn't visibly interfere with the quality of an image. The solar layer lives below the touch layer in the phone screen, and houses transparent crystals that soak up light and a chip that converts the energy and feeds it into the phone battery.
The screen isn't meant to be the phone's primary power source. But for those who spend a lot of time outside, it could extend battery life substantially, or provide enough juice to make a short call in an emergency situation when there's no charger available.
The device Kyocera is showing off this week at Mobile World Congress is only a prototype. “We have been examining the possibility of commercializing this technology based on the expected usage patterns of our rugged smartphone users,” writes Judah Reynolds, a corporate communications supervisor at Kyocera, in an email. But he says the technology's charging abilities and efficiency at converting light to useable power will need to be improved before it makes it into a retail Kyocera phone.
At the moment the screen technology, dubbed Wysips Crystal by its French creators at SunPartner Technologies, generates 2.5 milliwatts of power per square centimeter under typical sunlight conditions, according to Matthieu de Broca, SunPartner's marketing director. But he says the company expects to improve the technology and deliver up to 4 milliwatts by the end of 2015.
Even with those improved numbers, the solar layer won't provide enough power to keep the phone going indefinitely if it is being used regularly. But today's large screen phones have more surface area. If the technology continues to improve, it could allow a future device to deliver an infinite amount of standby time—so the phone's battery won't drain when it's, say, just sitting on a desk near a window.
“When you get exposed to light, whether the product is on or off, you're collecting energy,” says de Broca. “With ten minutes [of sunlight], you can get 100 minutes standby gain, which could also be about two minutes of additional talk time.”
The real limitation of power delivery is due to the fact that the crystals have to be transparent. An opaque panel would provide more power, but then of course, you wouldn't be able to see the screen.
SunPower is also working on integrating its technology into cases and smart covers for phones and tablets. The company calls this technology Wysips Graphics, because the solar portion isn't visible, and lets case makers create custom designs, just like with other phone cases and covers.
The solar-powered Kyocera Torque may not make it to market, but de Broca says they're working to perfect the manufacturing process, and hope to see a solar-screen smartphone or tablet using Wysips Crystals by the end of 2015. He says the company's solar cases could come as soon as this summer.
Kyocera is also working with French eBook company Bookeen to develop a solar-powered e-reader that can get all the power it needs from the sun or artificial light. According to a blog post on Bookeen's website, the reading device should be available sometime next year.
1
Como cualquiera de ustedes, en las últimas horas y días he leído y escuchado documentados análisis sobre los excesos, de forma y fondo, de la actuación de Arne aus den Ruthen, el llamado city manager de la Miguel Hidalgo.
Ya me convencieron. Arne es un peligro para México. Ni más, ni menos. El pernicioso rosario de sus agravios va desde usurpación de funciones –la definición de su puesto no le permite quitar huacales– hasta la insolencia –cómo está eso de que se queja de la recomendación de esa campeona de la legalidad que es la ombudsman Perla Gómez.
Porque Arne es, ni más ni menos, un violador de derechos humanos. Una fichita. No sé cómo anda suelto. No atino a comprender cómo sigue en su puesto. Caray, hasta dónde va a llegar el desorden, Mancera, hasta dóooonde.
Y como el problema es Arne, pues hay que pedirle a su jefa, la desparpajada Xóchitl Gálvez, que lo corra. Y no sólo que lo corra, que se deslinde de él. Es más, que nos dé una disculpa pública, en la plaza de la Comisión presidida por doña Perla, por haber apoyado las técnicas (típicas de vigilantismo, dice Puig) de ese colaborador que encima presume que es más proclive al orden por sus raíces no mexicanas (o eso entendí de su entrevista con Nacho Lozano en Más por Más).
Salvo que… no es cierto. Lo que nos ha ocurrido con el sencillito Arne (nadie dijo que sea simpático, nadie dijo que un político tiene que serlo) es un síntoma de una enfermedad que no se terminará con aplacar al city manager, con ordenarle que cierre el Periscope.
Me desvío un poco, para subrayar con otro caso lo formalista de una de las partes más sustantivas de la crítica a Arne. Hace unos días se dio a conocer el caso del editor Tomás Granados que ha sido despedido del FCE, e inhabilitado, por supuestamente usurpar funciones. Su delito habría sido buscar a otros editores de esa misma casa. ¿No les parece singular que Humberto Moreira –con miles de millones de pesos en deuda tramitados con documentos falsos– disfrute del apoyo del gobierno federal mientras un editor de buena fama es echado de la administración por brincarse una norma?
Regreso a Arne. Puede ser que el city manager se sienta un cruzado. Y seguro, como se dice en esta nota http://horizontal.mx/arne-entre-la-ilegalidad-y-la-denuncia/, es enorme el agujero de dudas legales sobre su actuar. Dicho eso, hay que recordar que el problema no es Arne.
El problema es vivir en una ciudad donde los escoltas (iba a escribir guaruras pero no vaya a ser que me denuncien por discriminación, ¡Jesús!) pueden levantar un rifle automático como respuesta a tu queja de que no respetan a peatones. O insultar a mujeres que los encaran. Sobran testimonios. ¿Que los denuncie? No me hagan reír.
El problema es vivir en una ciudad donde los restauranteros pueden apropiarse de áreas públicas, vender alcohol sin permiso, trapear con las normas y, encima, amedrentar a los vecinos que les echan en cara sus tropelías.
El problema es vivir donde los delegados se hacen tontos (y ricos) mientras se destruye el patrimonio, donde el GDF se dedica al dizque yoga mientras impera la ley de la selva.
El problema es que llevamos días, y ríos de tinta, hablando de Arne y no de qué hacer con los cientos de Libien que andan sueltos.
Arne es síntoma, pero la enfermedad son políticos y empresarios gandallas e intocables.
Adiós Arne. Ganó el impresentable Libien. Se la pelamos.
Twitter: @SalCamarena
También te puede interesar:
Mando Único, mucho más que policías
Mancera, ¿populismo o responsabilidad?
El presidente sin prisa
Yesterday, we talked about HBO's announcement of their new show Confederate , which tells an alternate history of the United States in which the South secedes from the Union and slavery is a legal modern institution. It's being made by the creators and showrunners of Game of Thrones, David Benioff and D.B. Weiss. The response was … not great.
Last night, Benioff and Weiss, along with the show's announced writing team, Nichelle Tramble Spellman and Malcolm Spellman, gave an interview to Josef Adalian at Vulture . Unfortunately, the apparently rushed attempt at damage control didn't go far in convincing those who had immediate reservations. To start, for a couple of self-proclaimed “history geeks,” the two executive producers don't seem very familiar with the history they're tackling.
ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads
If you can't recall the name of the Battle of Antietam and first historian you name is Foote, you shouldn't make a show about the Civil War pic.twitter.com/DLEUEPinvy — Mazel Tov Cocktail (@AdamSerwer) July 21, 2017
Remember, this is from an interview where they knew they'd be talking about these things.
Imagine walking into an interview about your show about the civil war that has caused backlash and having this weak a grasp of the history — Mazel Tov Cocktail (@AdamSerwer) July 21, 2017
this show is probably going to be a disaster because the GoT producers don't even respect the material let alone put in time to study it — Mazel Tov Cocktail (@AdamSerwer) July 21, 2017
I take back my cautious optimism. Benioff & Weiss should either pick up a book, or end the project. https://t.co/DFaj4w07ZS — Jamelle Bouie (@jbouie) July 21, 2017
The team also gave the usual “don't judge it before you see it” plea. Nichelle Tramble Spellman said she thought some of the outrage was “a little bit surprising” and “a little premature.”
She said, “I do understand their concern. I wish their concern had been reserved to the night of the premiere, on HBO, on a Sunday night, when they watched and then they made a decision after they watched an hour of television as to whether or not we succeeded in what we set out to do … I would have loved an opportunity for the conversation to start once the show was on the air.”
But that's not how these conversations happen anymore. Nor, for the most part, should they. As long as television shows and movies with atrocious representation keep getting made, people will continue to voice their concerns in advance. Benioff and Weiss do not have a great track record with issues of race and sexual violence (and I don't see how you could make a show about slavery without sexual violence). We don't need to give them another chance before we talk about the risks they're facing.
In their own defense, they say here that they totally know the difference between “a show with a fictional history and a fictional world, and a show that's an alternate history of this world.” They'll take a different kind of care, then, with this show than they did with Game of Thrones. Which seems like a pretty flimsy dismissal of actual concerns audience have with the lack of care they've taken up until now.
The Spellmans, who are both black, took strong issue with the criticism they saw yesterday specifically targeting their race. A lot of people, especially on Twitter, saw them as HBO's attempt at token legitimacy.
Despite the picture below, in the article you'll note that they shoved the two black writers out front to defend this ridiculousness. https://t.co/wRjI0g4v3l — Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) July 21, 2017
Malcolm Spellman insists “that there are no sellouts involved in this show,” and that they “are not props being used to protect someone else.”
He also seems to be addressing another concern no one is voicing. When asked what they think about the fear that “a show like this could end up as almost pornography or wish-fulfillment for white supremacists and the alt-right,” Spellman thinks the issue is that people are still imagining 18th-Century slavery, “So the idea that this would be pornography goes back to people imagining whips and plantations.”
He says, “What people need to recognize is, and it makes me really want to get into the show: The shit is alive and real today. I think people have got to stop pretending that slavery was something that happened and went away. The shit is affecting people in the present day.”
Which … is exactly what so many people were saying yesterday.
we already know what a legalized and modern institution of slavery would look like. it's called the Prison Industrial Complex. #Confederate — Mia Mingus (@miamingus) July 20, 2017
How alternate is the history when our presidents right hand man is an admitted white nationalist? — Jermaine Spradley (@MrSpradley) July 20, 2017
We go ham over shit like this because that pain is not a thing of the past. It's very much present in each of our lives, everyday. — Jermaine Spradley (@MrSpradley) July 19, 2017
So all in all no, this interview probably didn't convince many people to watch who were already opposed to the idea. We'll just have to wait and watch (or choose not to) what HBO ends up doing with Confederate.
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
“Donald Trump's likely defeat in many swing districts will be a devastating anchor that drags down House Republicans all across the country,” wrote DCCC Executive Director Kelly Ward. | AP Photo Democrats: Trump costing GOP in key House districts
Hillary Clinton is trouncing Donald Trump in several swing House districts, Democratic Party officials say in a new memo obtained by POLITICO that touts the party's down-ballot prospects in November but does not predict they'll capture the chamber.
Clinton is posting double-digit leads in several vulnerable Republican districts including Rep. Bob Dold in Illinois, Florida Rep. Carlos Curbelo, California freshman Rep. Steve Knight, Rep. Mike Coffman in Colorado and Rep. Erik Paulsen in Minnesota, the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee memo states.
Story Continued Below
“Donald Trump's likely defeat in many swing districts will be a devastating anchor that drags down House Republicans all across the country,” wrote DCCC Executive Director Kelly Ward.
The memo, which comes 90 days out from the election, says that Democrats intend to hitch their House opponents to Trump at every turn and misstep, including his suggestion Tuesday that “Second Amendment people” might stop Clinton if she's elected.
“For the next 90 days, Donald Trump will undoubtedly continue these types of antics – just yesterday he suggested a violent attack against Hillary Clinton – and House Republicans will be forced to deal with the fallout. Their problems are only going to get worse,” Ward wrote.
The memo does not make any predictions about potential gains. Democrats are expected to eat into the GOP's 59-seat majority but fall short of the 30 seats they'd need to win the majority.
The DCCC note also doesn't contain details on its polling figures, such as sample size, margin of error or who conducted the surveys.
EMBED >More News Videos At least 18 citizen complaints have been filed against Chicago police officer Jason Van Dyke in his 14-year career.
A Chicago police officer faces first-degree murder charges in the shooting death of Laquan McDonald , 17.Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke is seen shooting the black teenager 16 times in October 2014. The shooting was recorded on a police dash cam video, which Chicago police released to the public on Tuesday afternoon after ABC7 Chicago Eyewitness News received a version of the video earlier in the day Van Dyke is being held without bail. Fraternal Order of Police leaders sent out an email Tuesday night to all current and retired FOP members asking them to contribute to a fundraising effort for bail money once his bond is set.When Van Dyke fired 16 shots into the Chicago teenager more than a year ago, it wasn't the first time that he ended up subject of an internal affairs case.McDonald's shooting death was excessive force, prosecutors say, for a suspect with a knife. Despite the matter being juggled by police and politicians the past year, Van Dyke's attorney says the actual case will be decided on a different standard."Thankfully politicians will not be deciding the fate of my client in this case, it will be either a judge or a jury," said Dan Hebert, Van Dyke's attorney."Based on the video alone, it will be a tough case," for Officer Van Dyke to win, said Gil Soffer, ABC7's legal analyst and a former federal prosecutor."The video certainly makes it appear that the man was fired upon when he was walking away. It doesn't show that he caused an immediate risk to the officers and the fact that what the officers were responding to be a burglary in a freight yard and not a kidnapping, not a murder or a violent act and it makes it a little more difficult, maybe a lot more difficult, for the defense to mount a justification defense," Soffer said.At least 18 citizen complaints have been filed against Van Dyke in his 14-year career, but he was never disciplined, according to a University of Chicago database. Eight complaints alleged excessive force, two involving the use of a firearm in addition to the McDonald shooting."We don't have all of Van Dyke's complaints but the complaints of, the misconduct complaints from Van Dyke that we do have in our data tool show by and large excessive force and racial slurs. And he has largely operated with impunity and under a code of silence with the same huddle of officers again and again," said Alison Flowers, U of C Invisible Institute."I'm not going to comment on what his history is. I don't know what all of his prior incidents are. All I know, is that in looking at this case, but based on evidence bringing charged. Not just looking at tape, talking to witnesses," Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez said.With all of this information being made public about a police officer charged with a crime and the major piece of evidence being made public, the videotape of what went down - what about the prospect of a fair trial?"That's the million dollar question. How is that going to taint the jury pool, more or less affect people's personal bias? Once they see it over and over dozens and dozens of times. I think that's a fair question," said Dean Angelo, president, Fraternal Order of Police.The judge said he wants Van Dyke to return to court on Monday, so the judge can reconsider bail. He also asked for prosecutors to have the dash cam video recording of the shooting ready to play Monday, saying it was "pertinent" to the matter setting bail.
Eminem has joined the charge to stop Donald Trump becoming the president of the United States, albeit in his own particular way. On Wednesday, shortly before the third presidential debate, the rapper released a new track, Campaign Speech, with an explicit reference to the Trump campaign.
“Run the faucet, I'm going to dunk / A bunch of Trump supporters underwater / Snuck up on 'em in Ray Bans in a grey van with a spray tan / It's a wrap, like an Ace bandage.” A few lines later, he adds: ““Consider me a dangerous man / But you should be afraid of this dang candidate / You say Trump don't kiss ass like a puppet? / ‘Cause he runs his campaign with his own cash for the funding? / And that's what you wanted? / A fuckin' loose cannon who's blunt with his hand on the button / Who doesn't have to answer to no one? / Great idea!”
That said, the rest of the freestyle – which lasts nearly eight minutes, set to the sparsest of backings – has little or nothing to do with Trump. Trump's Twitter feed, which often covers every subject under the sun, didn't address the track. However, his endorser David Duke – a former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan, whom Trump distanced himself from in July, having seemingly failed to do so in February – stepped in, tweeting: “Eminem is a puppet of (((Paul Rosenberg))) and (((Jimmy Iovine))) – for years Eminem has been poisoning the minds of our youth.” The three parentheses are a device used by white supremacists to highlight that the people concerned are Jewish.
Eminem also tweeted that he was working on a new album. His last album was The Marshall Mathers LP 2 in November 2013.
As many of the devastating stories and photos of typhoon-wrecked Philippines show, one of the most pressing problems of the Philippines crisis is the lack of toilets and the collapse of water systems.
Tacloban is currently facing a desperate lack of sustainable sanitation. UNICEF, among other organizations, has delivered portable toilets and hygiene supplies to Tacloban and is appealing for $34 million to help the four million children affected by Typhoon Haiyan, the estimated amount for six months of assistance.
The lack of sustainable sanitation that the Tacloban region is suddenly facing is part of daily life for an astonishingly high percentage of the world's population.
"We must break the taboos and make sanitation for all a global development priority," said UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon in an official statement in Singapore last July.
Some sobering facts about the world's lack of toilets, according to the United Nations:
2.5 billion people -- one in three people in the world -- do not have a toilet or access to sustainable sanitation
Diarrheal diseases are the second most common cause of death in young children in developing countries
They kill more than HIV/AIDS, malaria and measles combined
In many countries girls stay home during menstruation days because of the absence of a safe place to change and clean themselves, and many drop out altogether
Due to the unglamorous nature of the subject matter, toilets tend to take the back seat when it comes to awareness and fundraising.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon declared November 19 World Toilet Day. STR/AFP/Getty Images
"We aim to make these hugely important issues relevant and sexy," says Garvey Chui, the Asia representative for Toilet Hackers , a nonprofit organization trying to give access to "dignified sanitation" to those without.
"For many Westernized travelers -- particularly for many women travelers, no matter how well-seasoned -- sanitation and access to clean toilets becomes a serious consideration when traveling," says Chui.
"But for those without access to safe, clean and private toilets and sanitation, it is more than an inconvenience, it can be life or death," says the Toilet Hackers rep.
"One very dangerous time for a woman in a developing country, and one of the main times she may get sexually assaulted, is when she is going to the washroom. When there is no toilet to go to, she is vulnerable and exposed when she is going outdoors or in a public space, often late at night and away from people."
Wasserman's Beat & Vancouver's Short Memory Tuesday, October 28, 2008
Sometime in the early 90s a few signs were put up on the lamposts on Hornby Street near the area of Dunsmuir and Georgia. The signs said Wasserman's Beat and by then Vancouver's memory was working as usual (we seem to have a short memory). As I have written
Jack Wasserman was certainly no crook. He was an influential columnist with the Vancouver Sun until the day he died of a heart attack, an evening on April 6, 1977. He was speaking at the Hotel Vancouver during a roast for Gordon Gibson Jr. While I cannot confirm her presence then, I would suspect that
Wasserman came to Vancouver in 1935 at age 8. He dropped out of law school to take a reporter's job with Ubyssey. He graduated from UBC (1949)and then joined the Vancouver Sun, becoming a police reporter. His biggest scoop was the sordid death of Errol Flynn in a West End apartment. Wasserman was a longtime gossip and self-described "saloon reporter" columnist. He was fired by the Sun (1967) for hosting a radio show but was rehired 18 months later.
Wasserman's society and celebrity columns and occasional political analyses wrote up the often-lurid details of the wild heyday, glitter and sleaziness of the Vancouver nightlife and society whirl in the 1950s and 1960s when famous dinner clubs such as The Cave and Isy's attracted big names from around the world. The power of his column was neither diminished nor magnified by the fact that it rarely ran with pictures. It was an age of the written word not the heard word or "seen" word.
at Vancouver Magazine realized the importance of good gossip and had hired Valerie Gibson for the job. In those early columns by Gibson (perhaps late 70s and early 80s) I was dispatched by Parry to take the photographs for her column. At the height of her popularity her column was the most read column of Vancouver Magazine.
So in the early 90s the city decided to tip it's hat in Wasserman's memory and established a few blocks of Hornby as Wasserman's Beat. Both the Cave and the several generations of Gary Taylor's establishments had been on that street. Some reader had sent an enquiry to Vancouver Magazine on why the street had the signs. I was sent to take pictures from which one would be used on the last page of the magazine to explain what Wasserman's Beat was all about.
In 1991
His Town Talk column is sometimes obscure and only those who know him know of his inside jokes and comments. I like Town Talk because of that! He often cites a particular Vancouver economist as the "early rising ..." It all has to do with Parry having entered a magazine office one early morning and catching the early riser on top of a woman, on top of a desk. He once told me, "I want him to know that I know. I don't want him to forget that."
And of course there is Parry's talent for photography particularly his interest in beautiful women and particularly in those who are beautifully endowed, too.
Looking for a possible random subject for today's blog I surfed my W,X,Y,Z file and found these slides of Wasserman's Beat. I had forgotten about them. But when I spot the sign on Hornby I always remember the night that I patiently tried to take pictures of it from every angle possible. I think that little might remember who Wasserman was and perhaps in some not so distant future someone will dispatch a photographer to take a picture at a corner (where would that be?) that will have a sign that says Parry's Beat.
Poor Vancouver with its poor memory.
Addendum
I wrote to Malcom Parry to see if he could kindly check for inaccuracies. Here is his reply:
Any inaccuracies?
I wasn't at the Gordon Gibson Sr. roast. Valerie was, sitting alongside
or near Wasserman.
The early rising event was witnessed not by me but by ..., the .......
paste-up artist at ....Magazine.
I believe Jack was fired when he would not give up a CJOR show he had taken
during one of the lengthy strikes the newspapers endured then.
When did Valerie begin her column with you?
Her first appearance was with the Faraway Places column for March, 1977.
She wrote about Maui, where clan Gibson had the Maui Lu compound and hotel.
Jack Wasserman wrote about Hawaii for the same column in September, 1976.
Faraway Places became
Valerie took over the City Seen column from Terry Zacks in the November,
1977 edition.
Mac
Link to: Wasserman's Beat & Vancouver's Short Memory
Tess: Loving Arrow right now. What's coming up for Thea?
Though it may seem like Thea's trying to get herself killed by telling Nyssa she killed Sara and then letting the grieving assassin out of her cage, this isn't the end of her story. "We're working towards telling a different story with Thea, it won't always be just her acting out," executive producer Marc Guggenheim says. "She's processing a huge amount of guilt and regret. At the end of [episode] 15, she's essentially attempting suicide by Nyssa. It's a continuing progression. It won't just be a repitition of her acting out. In [episode] 16, she looks for closure in another way because spoiler alert, Nyssa's not going to kill [Thea]."
Andrew L.: Is it true Allison Janney is returning to Masters of Sex? Please say yes!
This is one rumor that is so true. And guess what? Beau Bridges will be back, too. Huzzah! "I will say you will see both of them back for sure,"showrunner Michelle Ashford reveals. "They're now in our world and, as much as they can, given their other commitments, they are going to stay in our world because we just realized what they bring is so rich." But don't get too greedy as you won't be seeing too much of Janney, given her commitment to Mom. "Can Allison be in every episode? That'd be tough. But can she have a great story? Yeah!"
Speculating on the rumors surrounding pro wrestling is a favored pastime of many fans, perhaps second only to actually watching the matches. In this daily column, we take a look at the latest rumors being churned out by the pro wrestling rumor mill.
Important reminder: Rumors are just that -- rumors. None of this has been confirmed as legitimate news or fact, it's just circulating around the pro wrestling rumor mill. Remember, take it all with a grain of salt.
Rumors for the Day:
It looks like Undertaker vs. Shane McMahon for control of Raw is going to be the main event of WrestleMania 32.
Dave Meltzer noted on Wrestling Observer Radio following Raw that many within the company were "astonished" that this is what WWE had to offer just two weeks out from WrestleMania.
Braun Strowman is still apparently penciled in to win the Andre the Giant Memorial Battle Royal at WrestleMania 32.
While both Emma and Zack Ryder are working WrestleMania 32, it may not represent a permanent main roster call up for either.
There's apparently been some talk of adding Golden Truth to the Dudley Boyz vs. Usos match at WrestleMania 32.
If you have heard of any interesting rumors that you'd like to add, feel free to post them in the comments section below. Just remember they are rumors and not confirmed as fact, so please take them as such. Have fun with it.
CLOSE A gas tank truck exploded outside a maternity and children's hospital in Mexico City on Thursday, collapsing much of it. Officials say dozens are injured, including several children. (Jan. 29) AP
Rescuers work amid the wreckage caused by an explosion in a hospital in Cuajimalpa, Mexico City, on Jan. 29, 2015. (Photo11: David Deolarte, AFP/Getty Images)
A gas explosion devastated a maternity hospital in Mexico City on Thursday, killing at least three people, injuring dozens of others and setting off a scramble for survivors in the rubble.
More than 60 people were injured, 22 of them seriously, Mexico City Mayor Miguel Angel Mancera said at a news conference. The blast destroyed nearly three-quarters of the hospital, and authorities said more victims could be buried in the massive pile of smashed concrete and twisted metal.
The dead include a woman and a child. A second infant died Thursday night, The Associated Press reported. City officials earlier had said at least seven were dead.
CNN, citing the mayor, said a tanker was attempting to resupply propane gas to the kitchen of the Maternity and Children's Hospital of Cuajimalpa when a hose burst just after 7 a.m., causing a leak blamed for the blast. The truck belonged to Gas Express Nieto, which describes itself as one of the four major liquid propane gas providers in Mexico.
Witnesses said the tanker workers struggled frantically for 15 or 20 minutes to repair the leak while a large cloud of gas formed.
"The two gas workers tried to stop it, but they were very nervous. They yelled for people to get out," Laura Diaz Pacheco, a laboratory technician, told AP. "Everyone's initial reaction was to go inside, away from the gas. Maybe as many as 10 of us were able to get out ... The rest stayed inside."
The two workers and the driver were injured in the blast and are in custody, a city spokesman said.
The Red Cross said it provided 23 ambulances and more than 40 rescuers, CNN reported. The agency said it transported nine babies to area hospitals. Local borough chief Adrian Rubalcava told AP a lack of ambulances hampered the effort to transport the injured to a nearby hospital.
Jose Martinez, a spokesman for the Mexico City mayor, told NBC News 52 people were rescued and 25 of them were being treated.
"There's more people inside, under the bricks," he said.
President Enrique Peña Nieto said some firefighters were overcome by gas fumes. He tweeted condolences "to the injured and to the relatives of those who lost their lives this morning."
Ismael Garcia, 27, who lives a block from the hospital, told AP that he saw "a super explosion and everything caught on fire."
Garcia and others made their way to the nursery. "Fortunately, we were able to get eight babies out," he said.
A government website said the city-run hospital, on the western edge of the capital, was founded in 1993 and had 35 beds. It is located in a densely populated lower-middle-class neighborhood next to a school, AP said.
Contributing: Michael Winter, USA TODAY
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1CCNvhz
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A group of catholic nuns with ties to Kansas City recently lost their fight in court against Obamacare.
A Denver court ruled against the Little Sisters of the Poor when it comes to providing contraception through their health plan.
The Little Sisters filed a lawsuit against the Affordable Care Act Mandate that they provide contraception to their employees through their health insurance. A federal appeals court ruled against them, which means they either violate their faith or face millions of dollars in fines.
The Little Sisters of the Poor's ministry is to take care of the elderly and the poor with facilities all over the world. Religious groups are exempt but the court ruled the sisters have the option of using a third party for insurance which would include contraceptives. The sisters feel it violates their right to religious freedom. The court disagreed. Mark Rienzi an attorney for the nuns was recently interviewed on Fox's "the Kelly File."
“The government is threatening them with tens of millions of dollars in fines if they won't violate their religion,” attorney Mark Rienzi said. “So far the Supreme Court has been willing to protect people forced to make that awful choice and we hope that continues.”
There have been many other religious organizations of all faiths who have challenged the mandate. The sisters said they plan to take their case to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Several more names have emerged in the race to be Labour's candidate in a safe London seat.
A local councillor, international development expert and former think tank boss are said to have applied for Lewisham West and Penge.
Ellie Reeves, a former member of Labour's ruling national executive committee (NEC), is one of the favourites after applications closed yesterday.
The vacancy has been created by Jim Dowd's decision to step down. He posted a majority of 12,714 in the south London constituency in 2015 which means it is expected to stay Labour despite the party's poor position in the polls nationally.
Candidates will be appointed by a panel of NEC and regional board representatives.
The activists thought to have applied include:
Kevin Bonavia
The solicitor and Lewisham councillor is best known for his work with Syrian refugees and is a former chair of both the Young Fabians and Young Labour Lawyers. He was Labour's candidate in Rochford and Southend East in 2010 and is a member of Unite.
Ibrahim Dogus
The entrepreneur and co-chair of SME4Labour is perhaps best-known for his role in the popular British Kebab Awards, which is attended by activists from across the party. He is also the founder director of the Centre for Turkey Studies.
Jane East
The international development worker contested Colne Valley seat in Yorkshire for Labour at the last general election. She has worked for Christian Aid for several years, including a spell in Nigeria.
Ian Kearns
The former deputy director of the IPPR, a left-leaning think tank, lives in Lewisham and is a former chair of the neighbouring Lewisham Deptford constituency Labour Party (CLP). He co-founded and previously directed the European Leadership Network, a pan-European NGO.
Ellie Reeves
The employment law barrister narrowly lost her place on the NEC last year, when a series of pro-Corbyn candidates won through, but is well-known in the capital due to her role as vice-chair of London Labour Party. She is married to John Cryer, chair of the parliamentary Labour Party (PLP), while Lewisham West and Penge is her home constituency.
Christian Wolmar
The transport expert and author who contested the Richmond Park by-election for Labour last year has thrown his hat in the ring. He has frequently spoken out over his belief that Brexit will be a “disaster” for the country.
Do you know of someone seeking selection in Lewisham West and Penge? If so then please email [email protected]
6 Random Dungeon Rooms V
You enter a 20x20 chamber with a nondescript stone throne in the center of the room. Anyone who sits on the throne has to make a dexterity attribute check as the throne collapses on itself. As the throne begins to crumble its pieces fly down a chute directly below it. The chute is 20' deep and ends in a 10x10 room filled with debris. Lurking in this pile of debris are two giant centipedes that immediately attack once their domain has been disturbed.As you enter this cavern you notice thousands of purple mushrooms of various sizes. From tiny to the size of trees. You immediately spot humanoids wandering aimlessly in the mushroom field with no cloths on and not a care in the world. In the center of the cavern by a pond is a roughly put together shack.If you approach any of the humanoids they stare at you with a euphoric smiles and mumble about finding their happy place. If you approach the wooden shack you meet an old man who offers you a hit of cultivated purple mushrooms. He promises they will take all your fears away. The purple mushroom has euphoric properties and potential for addiction. Anyone who takes a hit of the mushroom receive a 1d4 bonus to all attack, damage, saving throw rolls. They also take a 1d4 penalty to intelligence and wisdom. The effect last 1d4 hours.At the end of the duration you must make a constitution check or become addicted. Once addicted you require another hit and this time the old man is charging a price. Each subsequent addiction check is at cumulative -2. When the negative equals your constitution score you are hopelessly addicted and wander the mushroom fields as a thrall to the old man.The old man has the ability to control the purples mushrooms and animate them to protect his domain.A stone pillar sits in the middle of this room. It is covered in hundreds of glyphs. Once touched you must save vs spell or all the glyphs slither off the pillar onto your body. Your body is covered in hundreds of tattoo like glyphs and you shine with a dim blue light. You have become the Keeper of the Dungeon. You know the location of all doors, secrets door, and levels. You can bypass any obstacles with a mere touch. However you are cursed to remain in the dungeon for eternity or until you find a willing subject to accept the mantle of the Keeper.This cavernous room is filled with hundreds of stalactites and stalagmites made of brittle crystal. The slightest sound causes them to burst into hundreds of shards. Amongst the crystal formations are a couple of bodies of dwarven miners. They have been dead for days and their bodies are littered with crystals that punctured their mortal frames. If any sound is made that is slightly higher then a whisper the nearest formation shatters into hundreds of shards that deal 2d4 damage and has a 75% chance of causing another formation to shatter in a chain reaction. Utmost precaution is needed to cross this cavernous room. Hiding in this field of crystals are 4 shadows that quietly wait for trespassers.This room appears to be a barrack room of some sort. Dozens of pristine beds reside in this room. Their bedding in perfect condition and undisturbed. Sleeping in one of the bed has the potential for disaster. The sheets are poisoned and anyone touching them requires a save vs poison. Upon failure they collapse onto the bed in a deep slumber. They regain no hit points for their forced rest and lose 1 hit point per hour sleeping. After 24 hours another save is permitted to break the slumber. A remove poison is needed to rouse the sleeping.. This cavernous room is freezing and the floor is coated with frost. This room has wicked winds that howl and batter any exposed flesh. A river of slush cuts through the center of the room. Any exposed flesh takes 1 point of damage each round in this room. Any ranged missile attack has 50% chance of failing due to the brutal winds. Spells such as obscuring mist and stinking cloud are uncontrollable and quickly move in random directions.After a round or so upon entering the cavern you hear a plea for help coming from the river. Upon approach you find a band of rival adventurers tied up and close to death. A gang of 6 dretches hover around them preparing for dinner. Once combat is initiated they release their stinking clouds in frantic display of chaos.Random Dungeon Rooms is a continuation of a series of modular dungeon rooms that can easily be placed while you are designing your fun house of death. Links follow below with the prior 4 entries in the series. The goal is to post one entry a month and upon getting 100 rooms I will compile them into a pdf and print on demand book. If you enjoy my blog please consider subscribing.I have a pdf compilation of the Random Dungeon Room series on rpgnow. Link provided below
The serpent's tails coil together menacingly. A horn jut sharply from its head. The creature looks as if it might be swimming through a sea of stars. Or is it making its way up a sheer basalt cliff? For Bruce Masse, an environmental archaeologist at Los Alamos National Laboratory, there is no confusion as he looks at this ancient petroglyph, scratched into a rock by a Native American shaman. “You can't tell me that isn't a comet,” he says.
In Masse's interpretation, the petroglyph commemorates a comet that streaked across the sky just a few years before Europeans came to this area of New Mexico. But that event is a minor blip compared to what he is really after. Masse believes that he has uncovered evidence that a gigantic comet crashed into the Indian Ocean several thousand years ago and nearly wiped out all life on the planet. What's more, he thinks that clues about the catastrophe are hiding in plain sight, embedded in the creation stories of cultural groups around the world. His hypothesis depends on a major reinterpretation of many different mythologies and raises questions about how frequently major asteroid impacts occur. What scientists know about such collisions is based mainly on a limited survey of craters around the world and on the moon. Only 185 craters on Earth have been identified, and almost all are on dry land, leaving largely unexamined the 70 percent of the planet covered by water. Even among those on dry land, many of the craters have been recognized only recently. It is possible that Earth has been a target of more meteors and comets than scientists have suspected.
Masse's epiphany came while poring over Hawaiian oral histories regarding the goddess Pele and wondering what they might reveal about the lava flows that episodically destroy human settlements and create new tracts of land. He reasoned that even though the stories are often clouded by exaggerations and mystical explanations, many may refer to actual incidents. He tested his hypothesis by cross-checking carbon-14 ages for the lava flows against dates included in royal Hawaiian genealogies. The result: Several flows matched up with the specific reigns associated with them in the oral histories. Other myths, Masse theorizes, hold similar clues.
Masse's biggest idea is that some 5,000 years ago, a 3-mile-wide ball of rock and ice swung around the sun and smashed into the ocean off the coast of Madagascar. The ensuing cataclysm sent a series of 600-foot-high tsunamis crashing against the world's coastlines and injected plumes of superheated water vapor and aerosol particulates into the atmosphere. Within hours, the infusion of heat and moisture blasted its way into jet streams and spawned superhurricanes that pummeled the other side of the planet. For about a week, material ejected into the atmosphere plunged the world into darkness. All told, up to 80 percent of the world's population may have perished, making it the single most lethal event in history.
Why, then, don't we know about it? Masse contends that we do. Almost every culture has a legend about a great flood, and—with a little reading between the lines—many of them mention something like a comet on a collision course with Earth just before the disaster. The Bible describes a deluge for 40 days and 40 nights that created a flood so great that Noah was stuck in his ark for two weeks until the water subsided. In the Gilgamesh Epic, the hero of Mesopotamia saw a pillar of black smoke on the horizon before the sky went dark for a week. Afterward, a cyclone pummeled the Fertile Crescent and caused a massive flood. Myths recounted in indigenous South American cultures also tell of a great flood.
“These stories are all exactly what you would expect from the survivors of a celestial impact,” Masse says, leafing through 2,000-year-old drawings by Chinese astronomers that show comets of all shapes and sizes. “When a comet rounds the sun, oftentimes its tail is still being blown forward by the solar winds so that it actually precedes it. That is why so many descriptions of comets in mythology mention that they are wearing horns.” In India, he notes, a celestial fish described as “bright as a moonbeam,” with a horn on its head, warned of an epic flood that brought on a new age of man.
Among 175 flood myths, Masse found two of particular interest. A Hindu myth describes an alignment of the five bright planets that has happened only once in the last 5,000 years, according to computer simulations, and a Chinese story mentions that the great flood occurred at the end of the reign of Empress Nu Wa. Cross-checking historical records with astronomical data, Masse came up with a date for his event: May 10, 2807 B.C.
On its own, the mythological evidence is weak, as even Masse recognizes. “Mythology can help us hypothesize about events that might have occurred,” he says, “but to prove the reality of them, we have to go beyond myths and search for physical evidence.”
In 2004, at a conference of geologists, astronomers, and archaeologists, Masse outlined his evidence for a world-ravaging impact in the middle of the Indian Ocean. Ted Bryant, a geomorphologist at the University of Wollongong in New South Wales, Australia, was intrigued and enlisted the help of Dallas Abbott, an assistant professor at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia University. In 2005, they formed the Holocene Impact Working Group (referring to the geological period covering the last 11,000 years) to seek out the geological signatures of a megatsunami. If a 600-foot-high wave ravages a coastline, it should leave a lot of debris behind. In the case of waves generated by asteroid impacts, the debris they leave in their wake is believed to form gigantic, wedge-shaped sandy structures—known as chevrons—that are sometimes packed with deep-oceanic microfossils dredged up by the tsunami.
When Abbott began searching satellite images on Google Earth, she saw dozens of chevrons along shorelines and inland in Africa and Asia. The shape and size of these chevrons suggest that they might have been formed by waves emanating from the impact of a comet slamming into the deep ocean off Madagascar. “The chevrons in Madagascar associated with the crater were filled with melted microfossils from the bottom of the ocean. There is no explanation for their presence other than a cosmic impact,” she says. “People are going to have to start taking this theory a lot more seriously.” The next step is to perform carbon-14 dating on the fossils to see if they are indeed 5,000 years old.
Meanwhile, Bryant contends that chevrons found (pdf) 4 miles inland from the shore of Madagascar were formed by a wave that traveled 25 miles along the coast, moving almost parallel to the shoreline. “Neither erosion nor any other terrestrial process could have caused these formations. The biggest marine landslide ever recorded happened 7,200 years ago off the coast of Norway, and there was a tsunami, but it was a far cry from leaving deposits 200 meters above sea level,” Bryant says.
Not everyone is convinced, to say the least. “I don't believe the evidence of a crater off Madagascar, and the impetus is on Abbott to prove it,” says Jay Melosh, an impact expert at the University of Arizona and an outspoken critic of the theory. To make a case for the impact, Melosh says, Abbott “should be finding layers of glassy droplets and fused rock in sea-core samples, the sorts of things we find at all other similar impact sites.”
On the other hand, a lot remains unknown about impacts. As recently as 60 years ago, some geologists believed that the Barringer Meteor Crater in Arizona—now considered the prototypical impact scar—was caused by a volcanic explosion, and they regarded impacts as a minor if not inconsequential influence on Earth's history. Just 25 years ago, Luis and Walter Alvarez raised eyebrows with their idea that an asteroid collision helped kill off the dinosaurs. So Abbott continues to hunt for evidence that will clinch the idea that Noah's flood was yet another example of extraterrestrial meddling. “It is still up to us to prove it, but if we have unequivocal impact ejecta,” she says, Melosh “is going to have to eat his words.”
Debian Project mourns the loss of Ian Murdock
January 5th, 2016
The Debian Project sadly announces that it has lost the founder of its community and project, Ian Murdock.
Debian is only a part of Ian's legacy but perhaps the one that he is most known for.
Ian was introduced to computers early in his life, and his curiosity turned to familiarity which led him to start actively programming at nine years of age. Later as a young adult at the Krannert School of Management a mandatory programming class rekindled his fascination with computer programming along with an idea and an opportunity to make something better.
Ian started the Debian Project in August of 1993, releasing the first versions of Debian later that same year. At that time, the whole concept of a distribution of Linux was new. Inspired as he said by Linus Torvalds' own sharing of Linux, he released Debian with the intention that this distribution should be made openly, in the spirit of Linux and GNU.
With that simple gesture Ian started a movement in the world of software. Many developers joined him in this task of creating better software in a better world.
From his Debian Manifesto: The Debian design process is open to ensure that the system is of the highest quality and that it reflects the needs of the user community. By involving others with a wide range of abilities and backgrounds, Debian is able to be developed in a modular fashion. […] Involving others also ensures that valuable suggestions for improvement can be incorporated into the distribution during its development; thus, a distribution is created based on the needs and wants of the users rather than the needs and wants of the constructor.
His sharp focus was on creating a distribution and community culture that did the right thing, be it ethically, or technically.
Releases went out when they were ready, and the project's staunch stance on Software Freedom was and is still a gold standard in the Free and Open Source world.
Debian 0.01 through Debian 0.90 were released between August and December of 1993. Ian Murdock writes:
Debian 0.91 was released in January 1994. It had a primitive package system […]. By this time, there were a few dozen people working on Debian, though I was still mostly putting together the releases myself. 0.91 was the last release done in this way.
Most of 1994 was spent organizing the Debian Project so that others could more effectively contribute, as well as working on dpkg […].
Debian 0.93 Release 5 happened in March 1995 and was the first "modern" release of Debian: there were many more developers by then (though I can't remember exactly how many), each maintaining their own packages, and dpkg was being used to install and maintain all these packages after a base system was installed.
Debian 0.93 Release 6 happened in November 1995 and was the last a.out release. There were about sixty developers maintaining packages in 0.93R6. If I remember correctly, dselect first appeared in 0.93R6.
Ian Murdock also notes that Debian 0.93R6 … has always been my favorite release of Debian , although he admits to the possibility of some personal bias, as he stopped actively working on the project in March 1996.
Ian Murdock led Debian until March 1996, when he appointed Bruce Perens as the next leader of the project.
The devotion to the right thing guided Ian's work, both in Debian and in the subsequent years, always working towards the best possible future.
Debian would go on to become the world's Universal Operating System, found on everything from the smallest embedded devices to the largest cluster systems, to the Space Station because of course it runs Debian which has been ported across multiple architectures and types of hardware.
Ian's dream lives on: Debian is made up of a strong community that has fostered development, growth, and wonder. It remains incredibly active with thousands of developers working untold hours to bring the world a reliable and secure operating system. Debian has sparked the interest, curiosity, and passion of those who want to make something better. Then, now, and far into the future.
From the bottom of our hearts, we thank you Ian.
Throughout the Debian infrastructure our websites and services mark our reflection and mourning with a darkened homepage banner and ribbons on our logos. The thoughts of the Debian Community are with Ian's family in this difficult time.
His family has asked for privacy and we very much wish to respect their desires.
Within our Debian community and for the Linux community condolences may be sent to in-memoriam-ian@debian.org where they will be kept and archived.
This email address will be active until the end of January 2016. The Debian Project will then provide the archive to the family and publish the contents later this year if it is with the wishes of the family.
About Debian
The Debian Project is an association of Free Software developers who volunteer their time and effort in order to produce a completely free operating system known as Debian.
Contact Information
For further information, please visit the Debian web pages at https://www.debian.org/ or send mail to <press@debian.org>.
