“The sensual mysticism of entire vertical being.” -E.E. Cummings
As of December 2011, the Shard claimed the title of ‘tallest building in the European Union', stretching 310 meters into the clouds from London Bridge. It has also been said that is it the most secure site in the city outside of the 2012 Olympic Park. I have never measured the building so I can't testify to the validity of the first claim but I'm happy to respond to the second, as usual.
It was a crisp night outside London Bridge station. It was still but our breath curled in the 2am air. Marc Explo and I were standing on a temporary wooden walkway looking through a viewing window into the ground level construction yard of the largest skyscraper in Europe. “Gary” walked up behind us and, with a hand on each of our shoulders, also peered through. “One security guard looking after the Shard huh?” We chuckled. We waited for the guard to finish his current round and go into his hut. It took a few minutes of lingering before the walkway was clear of people – we grabbed onto the scaffolding pipes and swung off the bridge. Hanging on the freezing pipes, we pulled ourselves on top of the walkway and laid down out of view, waiting for a reaction in case anyone had seen or heard us. It didn't seem so.
Staying low, we then descended the other side of the scaffolding, right behind the security hut where we could see the guard watching TV, not the cameras. Quickly, we scampered across the yard and found the central stair case, again pausing to see if there was any reaction from the yard, phones ringing or doors opening. It was silent.
First we took the stairs two at a time. All three of us were in pretty good shape and could do 25 or 30 floors like that. But by the 31st floor, I was sweating heavily. Knowing that the sweat would sting when we emerged onto the roof, I tried to pace myself and breathe. By floor 50, my calves burned horribly and I was having to stop every once and a while to let them pulse a bit and untighten.
At floor 70 the cement stairs turned into metal ones, indicating we were near the top. I was ecstatic. A final burst of enthusiasm took us from metal stairs to wooden ladders. We threw open one last hatch and found ourselves on top of the Shard at 76 stories.
As I climbed up on the counterweight of the crane, my breath caught. It was a combination of the icy wind and the sheer scale of the endeavor that shocked me. Marc was looking down at London Bridge station and whispered, “the train lines going into London Bridge look like the Thames, it's all flow.” Slowly, I pulled myself to the end of the counterweight and peered over the edge. Indeed, we were so high, I couldn't see anything moving at street level. No buses, no cars, just rows of lights and train lines that looked like converging river systems, a giant urban circuit board.
We found the cab of the crane open and slipped inside. “Gary” pointed to a green button on the control panel and said “watch this, I'm going to build the Shard!” pretending to press the button.
We only lasted about half an hour on top before our muscles were seizing up and we were actually yearning for the stair climb down. Which is always much easier than coming up.
Later, standing next to the Thames, staring up at the little red light blinking on top of the crane, it seemed unimaginable that I had my hands on it just hours earlier. Ever after, whenever I see the Shard from anywhere in the city, I can't help but smile. Unlike when I was up there, shaking with fear taking this self-portrait. You've got two months to get yours before the tower tops out. Act before you think.
______________
This post is dedicated to “Gary”.
The on-demand economy, where people work when they want and get paid by the task, has redefined the roles of taxi drivers and created new jobs such as professional grocery store shoppers who are paid by the hour to run other people's errands.
Less well known is how the 1099 economy (named for the US tax forms filed by independent contractors), is now bleeding into the upper echelon of the workforce: The nation's top business school graduates.
For many of these people—unlike the “struggling workers” of Uber or the homeless house cleaners at Homejoy who critics say are getting a raw deal—the decision to leave big companies is more often than not, a choice. And their migration has big consequences for the future of employment.
HourlyNerd, a two-year-old startup that lets companies rent an MBA, is bankrolled by the likes of Mark Cuban and Greylock Partners, and this week it secured its third round of financing, bringing the total raised to $12.55 million.
One of its newest funders: General Electric's venture arm. Perhaps the most institutionally corporate of all global companies is now backing a network of 10,000 graduates from top-40 US business schools.
The rise of these “nerds,” who don't commute to an office but earn $100 to $150 an hour from companies such as Microsoft and American Apparel, tells an important story about where the labor market and the economy are headed. For one, companies can now bypass costs associated with hiring full-time employees or paying the overhead of big consulting firms, says John Shegerian, president of the recycling giant Electronic Recyclers, which used HourlyNerd to find a Harvard MBA to write a business plan for a new project.
“You get access to really smart people without having to make an annual commitment and pay benefits,” Shegerian tells Quartz. “We're in a flex society, and entrepreneurs need that flexibility to right-size a business as it grows and contracts.”
While data around the number of freelance workers is murky, and much of the growth has come from personal care aides and house cleaners with far fewer employment options, the number of self-employed management consultants stands out: It has increased by 50% since 2001, according to CareerBuilder subsidiary Economic Modeling Specialists Intl.
Across all industries, self-employed jobs rose 7% during that time, soaring through the frothy web development days of the 2000s but dropping precipitously during the latest recession. The numbers began to tick up last year.
Because the model shifts the risk and responsibilities once borne by big companies onto individual workers, critics decry the burden on the lower-income workforce. But for high-skilled workers there are great benefits to being able to decide when, where, and how they work.
Take what HourlyNerd CEO Rob Biederman calls “McKinsey moms”—women who have Harvard and McKinsey credentials and still want challenging work, but don't want the erratic schedules and travel demands of a high-powered full-time job. “These highly-skilled people were previously left out of the workforce.”
As NYU Stern professor Arun Sundararajan tells Quartz, “being employed full-time by one company may soon be the exception rather than the rule.”
The Stanford women's volleyball team had six players recognized when the American Volleyball Coaches Association announced its All-America selections today.
Juniors Inky Ajanaku, Madi Bugg and Jordan Burgess were named to the first team, redshirt freshman Merete Lutz earned second team honors, and seniors Morgan Boukather and Kyle Gilbert garnered honorable mention.
The selections bring Stanford's total AVCA All-America award count to 81 honors spread over 33 players.
Ajanaku is a repeat first team selection and earned honorable mention in 2012. Bugg receives her second career honor after being named to the second team in 2013. Burgess and Gilbert are also being honored for a second time as both were honorable mention last year. Boukather is being recognized for the first time.
Stanford's four selections to one of the first three teams are the most since the 2007 season when Foluke Akinradewo (1st), Cynthia Barboza (1st), Bryn Kehoe (1st) and Alix Klineman (2nd) were all honored. The Cardinal's six overall selections is a school record, surpassing last season's mark of five.
Ajanaku is fifth nationally with a .438 hitting percentage, which is the fourth-best in a single season at Stanford. The middle blocker from Tulsa, Okla., recently moved into the top 10 on the Cardinal's career blocks list (432) and is averaging 1.16 blocks per set for the year. She was voted the Most Outstanding Player at the Ames Regional and has twice been named the Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Week this season, while also securing Offensive Player of the Week accolades. She was tabbed the AVCA National Player of the Week on Sept. 9 after the Cardinal knocked off then-No. 1 Penn State and then-No. 9 Illinois.
Bugg, who hails from Apex, N.C., leads the nation with 12.11 assists per set. The two-time Pac-12 Setter of the Year, she is second on the team with 14 double-doubles this season and earned Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Week on Oct. 20. She tallied a season high 59 assists in a four-set win at Oregon State on Oct. 31 and collected a career-best 24 digs in a win over No. 16 Arizona on Nov. 7. She recently moved into fifth place on the Cardinal's career assists list with 3,751 and her career assists per set average of 10.69 is tied for fourth all-time at Stanford.
Burgess, an outside hitter from Fort Myers, Fla., leads the team with 18 double-doubles on the year. She is second on the squad with 3.10 kills and 3.16 digs per set. She collected her 1,000th career dig against Arizona on Nov. 7 and registered her 1,000th career kill on Dec. 6 against Michigan State. She is just the ninth Cardinal player to amass 1,000 career kills and digs. She registered the final kill in the Cardinal's sweep over No. 5 Florida to send Stanford to its first Final Four since 2008.
Lutz, a native of Houston, Texas, leads the Pac-12 and is third in the nation with a .445 attack percentage, which is the third-best mark in a single season at Stanford. She also ranks fourth in the conference with 1.21 blocks per set. She has twice been named the Pac-12 Freshman of the Week and earned all-tournament honors at the Stanford Invitational and USD Invitational. She was also named to the Pac-12 All-Freshman team this season.
Boukather, an opposite from Newport Beach, is posting career highs in kills (2.54), digs (2.14), points (3.07) and hitting percentage (.278). She has five double-doubles on the year and posted a career high 18 kills at Utah (10/19) and registered a career best 24 digs against Arizona (11/7). She tied for the team lead with 12 kills in the Ames Regional final sweep over Florida.
Gilbert, a libero from Encinitas, ranks second in the Pac-12 with 4.75 digs per set, pushing that mark to 4.89 digs per set against conference opponents. She earned Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Week honors after setting a school record with 40 digs against Arizona on Nov. 7. On the year, her 589 digs ranks second on the program's single season list. She has registered double-digit digs in all 34 of Stanford's matches this year. She is second in Cardinal history with 1,999 career digs.
No. 1 Stanford, which is making its 19th Final Four appearance and seventh under 14th-year head coach John Dunning, faces No. 5 seed Penn State in the national semifinals on Thursday at the Chesapeake Energy Arena in Oklahoma City. First serve is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. PT on ESPN2. The winner will meet the winner of the other semifinal match between No. 2 seed Texas and BYU on Saturday at 4:30 p.m. PT on ESPN2 for the national championship.
IDEAS Jordan is a TIME columnist, an NBC News/MSNBC political analyst and a co-host of the Words Matter podcast.
With every passing day, Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, Russian President Vladimir Putin and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump are surfacing as the triumvirate of narcissists.
This morning Donald Trump encouraged Russia to escalate cyberwar against his rival, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, while also contending that Russia is “probably not” responsible for the recent Wikileaks cache of hacked Democratic National Committee emails.
At worst, Trump is siding with a semi-hostile foreign nation against his domestic political opponent. At best, he's being used as a dupe and a pawn of Putin and Assange, and escalating the uproar that his campaign is a puppet of Putin. (If his unstable comments are a desperate cry to steal attention from Clinton's star-studded convention, it's a scary precedent for how Trump would handle international relations.)
Though it's clear why the Russians would hack the DNC—why not?—it's unclear what they have to gain from revealing it. “Why would they release that they have the capability unless they are going full Tom Clancy and it's blackmail,” a former Pentagon official speculated, pointing out that something worse might be in the missing Clinton emails from her time as Secretary of State. (The RNC and Clinton Foundation have also probably been hacked, unless they have markedly superior cybersecurity practices.) Is the Russian gamble to exploit Trump's unpredictability as a vehicle to sow greater chaos in the American democratic process?
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
If Russia did pass along the hack to Wikileaks for publication, the escalation should ignite bi-partisan furor over blatant interference in the U.S. election—just as we should be outraged that Trump is encouraging it. Even without hard evidence of a Trump/Putin alliance, Democrats still have a strong case because Trump has a lobbyist problem.
Anger against entrenched special interests propelled Trump to win the Republican nomination, and it's a strength Democrats know that Trump holds against Clinton. When it comes to opposing special interests, Trump bests Clinton by a margin of 20 percent. Perhaps most damning is that Democrats themselves give Clinton her lowest marks when it comes to taking on the Washington establishment and lobbyists.
But Trump's man-crush on Putin could undo this strength, especially in the eyes of his conspiracy-minded supporters.
There's big money to be made pitching pro-Putin clients, and that's why the focus should be on what happened last week at the platform committee meeting at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Trump and his campaign have shown no interest in policy throughout the duration of this election. When a campaign is so flagrantly unconcerned with substance, it's telling when they suddenly care, especially when his campaign is run by Paul Manafort, a lobbyist for numerous pro-Putin clients, including the deposed Ukraine President Viktor Yanukovych, a pro-Putin kleptocrat who now is in exile in Russia, and Oleg Deripaska, who American authorities denied a visa because of ties to organized crime. (Former Senator Majority Leader Bob Dole, who hired Manafort to run his 1996 bid, helped secure Deripaska's visa for a $560,000 fee in 2005.)
A draft platform was circulated to the twenty members of the foreign policy sub-committee on the Sunday night before the RNC began. With amendments due at 7:30 a.m. Monday morning, and voting and debate to begin at 8 a.m., there was limited time to propose alternative policy, but the original draft was “weirdly silent on Ukraine,” a sub-committee delegate said.
The next morning, Texas delegate Diana Denman, a Reagan appointee and an election observer to Ukraine for the 1998 parliamentary elections, introduced an amendment calling for lethal defensive weapons for Ukraine. As Denman read it to the room, two Trump staffers at a side table stopped talking to each other to listen. When she concluded, the two staffers approached the committee co-chair, and the co-chair asked Denman to bring the amendment to him. The Trump staffers got on their cell phones.
The co-chair then tabled the amendment, telling the group that there were RNC and Trump campaign staff who would like to work with the sub-committee on the language before a vote.
It was the first and only time an amendment was tabled in this year's foreign policy sub-committee. The two Trump staffers claimed to a delegate that they had to call and talk to “Mr. Trump”—perhaps name-dropping as obnoxious staffers, or perhaps Trump really was involved at the highest level with this particular amendment. The Trump staffers told the delegate that they had discussed Ukraine policy directly with Trump.
Before final approval of the platform, Denman again raised her Ukraine amendment; a pro-Trump delegate suggested modifying the language to include non-lethal assistance, which passed the committee.
“I didn't realize what was happening at the time,” said a platform delegate. “Sending lethal defensive weapons shouldn't be that controversial — the Obama administration and Donald Trump seem to be the only ones opposed.”
Another platform delegate offered another rationale: “I would think it would not be beneficial to Trump to let Manafort's business life come into what is happening now in Trump's future,” the delegate said.
A leading theory in Republican foreign policy circles is that Trump is so disengaged from policy that certainly the platform change was all Manafort's doing. According to campaign finance reports, Manafort isn't receiving a salary for his role on the Trump campaign.
“You think he's doing this out of the goodness of his heart?” asked another Republican foreign policy advisor. “He's setting up for afterward if Trump wins. It makes sense if one of his most recent contracts ever having to do with Ukraine, that he would look out for them.” That advisor was also involved with the Ukrainian elections in the 2000s and recalls Manafort's efforts as supporting “the dark side” opposing democratization. (Manafort would be unlikely to qualify for the high-level security clearance necessary to work in the West Wing because of past foreign associations and would most plausibly re-enter the private sector after the campaign.)
“There's part of me that thinks these leaks will ultimately help Hillary,” a veteran Republican strategist with experience working in former Soviet states told me. “This is all going to get caught up in the partisan nature of our race, but the truth is this is something that the Western alliance has to get their hands around. One of the first steps would be for Republicans to stand up and say this is unacceptable, political consequences be damned.”
Trump certainly won't be taking sides against Putin. Like so many naive candidates who strut their way into the ring, Trump is confident he will finally be the true Putin-tamer, that they like each other and that Putin thinks highly of him.
I wonder how Trump will feel when Putin releases Trump's tax returns. That won't come until long after the election—Putin understands when's got an ace in his hand. It will certainly come if Trump makes it to the White House, and not at the moment of his choosing.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Lee Frecklington has scored four goals this season
Greg Halford's late penalty gave struggling Rotherham victory over Leeds in a game both teams ended with 10 men.
The hosts took the lead when Lee Frecklington slid in to convert Joe Mattock's cross from close range.
Rotherham's Matt Derbyshire was sent off when he was adjudged to have deliberately elbowed Gaetano Berardi.
Luke Murphy's deflected strike levelled before Leeds keeper Marco Silvestri saw red for bringing down Frecklington and Halford scored from the spot.
With the visitors having used all three substitutes defender Giuseppe Bellusci, who had given away the ball prior to the penalty, had to go in goal but he could do nothing to stop Halford's effort.
The victory means the Millers have now won five of their past six matches and are now five points clear of the relegation zone.
Both of this season's league meetings between the sides have finished with both teams reduced to 10 men and Rotherham winning by a single goal margin, the Millers earning a 1-0 win at Elland Road in December.
They now travel to fellow strugglers Bristol City on Tuesday while Leeds host QPR.
Rotherham boss Neil Warnock:
"We still haven't achieved anything, we are a good group of lads with our feet on the floor. There are going to be hiccups, but I don't think a hiccup will bother us for the game after.
"We have to scrap for every point and that's what we will be doing. At 1-1 with 10 men most people would have taken the draw, but we're not like that!
"You have to work hard to get spirit like that, it's a good recipe, I have done it all my career and I enjoy it. It shows that we don't know when we are beaten. I am enjoying it."
Leeds head coach Steve Evans:
"I have just lost in a derby at a club that is very close to my heart and it's hard to take.
"I have not had any phone calls, the people that look after me, what they have had is not for me to be talking about because I want to be Leeds United head coach. All I have to think about now is QPR on Tuesday.
"This result doesn't hurt my future, it's hurting me today and tomorrow and until next time we play. I didn't want to come back to Rotherham and lose, I wanted to come back and win and for large parts of the second half I thought as sure as night follows day that we were going to."
Matt Derbyshire apologise to Gaetano Berardi after being sent off for elbowing the Italian
Greg Halford sends his penalty past makeshift goalkeeper Giuseppe Bellusci
Neil Warnock has lost just two of his nine games in charge of Rotherham
Via the Washington Free Beacon:
The Food and Drug Administration is using young lesbians, drag queens, and transgender individuals in a $36 million advertising campaign to encourage the LGBT community to quit smoking. The government launched the “This Free Life” campaign Monday, which encourages young people to “find their own truth” and not smoke cigarettes. “This Free Life is a campaign that proudly celebrates the lives of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) community,” the campaign's website states. “We wave our colors high and seek to improve LGBT people's health by encouraging tobacco-free lifestyles. The Free Beacon reports that FDA officials reasoned that members of the LGBT community may be more at risk to smoking because of “actual or perceived social stigma.” The campaign comes on the heels of a separate $36 million campaign targeting white males in the Midwest.
Rev. Franklin Graham had this to say about the campaign:
Can you believe it? Our Federal Food and Drug Administration is spending $36 million of taxpayer money on an advertising campaign featuring lesbians, drag queens, and transgender individuals to encourage the LGBT community to quit smoking. Doesn't everyone need to quit smoking, not just this group? They're calling it the “This Free Life” campaign and they're encouraging young people to “find their own truth.” The only way any person is going to find true freedom is through repentance and faith in God's Son, Jesus Christ. The real truth is, this lifestyle is not healthy—spiritually or physically. We need to believe God's truth, not find our own truth as this campaign encourages. Jesus said, “I am the way, the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through Me" (John 14:6). Finding our own truth is just a lie from Satan.
What to make of this? First, to be fair, governments have been spending money on anti-smoking campaigns for a long time now. So not much new there (regardless of how one feels about the effectiveness of such campaigns). ​
However, $36 million is a HUGE campaign. We're talking about 700 percent that of the government's anti-smoking campaign targeting hipsters. (Yes, there was such a thing.) And a brief perusing of the initial campaign materials is, shall we say, telling.
I hate to sound cynical, but this video looks to me a bit like a $36 million pro LGBT commercial masquerading as an anti-smoking commercial. But hey, it's not like the U.S. Treasury is $20 trillion in debt or anything. (Nope, just $19.3 trillion.)
Am I wrong? Is this campaign one that is perhaps very much in the public interest? Or, to Rev. Graham's point, is it an effort to undermine traditional marriage and to mislead America's youth by telling them to "find their own truth"?
Or is it just the sad state of politics in modern America? With those in government using the public largesse to reward the constituencies that helped elect them?
--
Jon Miltimore is the Senior Editor of Intellectual Takeout. He is the former Senior Editor of The History Channel Magazine and a former Managing Editor at Scout Media.
Follow him on Facebook and Twitter.
United States Supreme Court case
Hamilton v. Alabama, 376 U.S. 650 (1964), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the court held that an African-American woman, Mary Hamilton, was entitled to the same courteous forms of address customarily reserved solely to whites in the Southern United States,[1] and that calling a black person by his or her first name in a formal context was "a form of racial discrimination".[2]
Background [ edit ]
Mary Hamilton (October 13, 1935—November 11, 2002)[3] was a field secretary for the Congress of Racial Equality in Alabama. In 1963, along with hundreds of others, she was arrested during civil rights protests in Gadsden.
At a habeas corpus hearing on June 25 challenging the legitimacy of those arrests, she refused to answer questions on the witness stand until she was addressed with the same courtesy accorded white witnesses. At that time, in the South and in many other parts of the U.S., it was customary for judges and prosecutors to address white witnesses by last names and courtesy titles, such as "Mr. Jones" or "Mrs. Smith", while addressing all nonwhite witnesses by the first name without honorific.[4] When the county prosecutor addressed Hamilton by her first name only, she said she would not answer any questions unless she were addressed as "Miss Hamilton". When she persisted in her demand to be addressed in this manner, the judge held her in contempt of court and sentenced her to five days in jail and a $50 fine.
After serving the five days, she refused to pay the fine and was allowed out on bond to appeal the contempt conviction. After the Alabama Supreme Court denied her appeal, the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund asked the Supreme Court to review Hamilton's case. Her lawyers argued that the first-name form of address used by the prosecutor was part of a "racial caste system" that violated Hamilton's equal protection guarantees.[1]
Opinion of the Court [ edit ]
In a 6–3 per curiam opinion, the Supreme Court granted certiorari (agreed to consider the case) and, without hearing any oral arguments, found in Hamilton's favor, reversing the judgment of the Alabama Supreme Court. In support of its summary decision, the court cited its 1963 ruling in Johnson v. Virginia, in which it had unanimously held that "a State may not require racial segregation in a courtroom".[5]
Associate Justices Tom C. Clark, John M. Harlan II, and Byron White dissented from the majority's decision to grant certiorari.
There are only ten days left for European Union officials to significantly reduce the flow of migrants and asylum-seekers into the EU from Turkey, or the Schengen system is at risk of total collapse, according to the EU's migration commissioner.
“In the next 10 days, we need tangible and clear results on the ground. Otherwise there is a risk that the whole system will completely break down,” Dimitris Avramopoulos, EU Commissioner for Migration, Home Affairs and Citizenship, told the media on Thursday.
READ MORE: EU ‘cannot handle' another year of refugees pouring into Europe – Danish PM
The senior EU official's warning came after a Thursday meeting of EU justice and home affairs ministers in Brussels, where the officials had gathered to once again try to find a solution to the current migrant crisis.
On arriving for the meeting, Avramopoulos called it a “critical moment, the moment to deliver.”
“Time is not with us anymore. There are only 10 days left till March 7,” he pointed out, referring to a special summit on the migration crisis that European Union leaders will hold with Turkey.
On migration, our joint #EUTurkey action plan remains a priority, which is why we will organise a special meeting with Turkey on 7 March — Donald Tusk (@eucopresident) February 24, 2016
Despite the Schengen's free-travel rule, a number of the bloc's members have resorted to unilateral border tightening to stem the tide of refugees. Calling on member-countries to “step up efforts” to remedy the situation, Avramopoulos said that there is “no time for uncoordinated actions.”
We all have responsibility to step up efforts to apply agreed European solutions. No time for uncoordinated actions. #RefugeeCrisis#JHA — DimitrisAvramopoulos (@Avramopoulos) February 25, 2016
“Lonely initiatives do not lead anywhere,” the EU migration commissioner told reporters in Brussels.
This week, Belgium joined other countries that have temporarily abandoned Schengen rules allowing passport-free travel within the zone when it passed a measure increasing police presence along its borders. At the same time, Austria's Defense Ministry has announced that it would dispatch more troops to its border to help deal with the crisis situation.
READ MORE: Belgium suspends Schengen in fears of Calais ‘Jungle' chaos
While the head of the EU's border agency Frontex, Fabrice Leggeri, has warned that over a million refugees will arrive in the EU this year, the 28-state bloc has failed to agree on a common solution to stem the flow of migrants, who are primarily from the Middle East and Africa. Leggeri also pointed out that the Schengen agreement cannot function properly if the EU's external borders are not protected effectively.
A mandatory quota of migrants and refugees that EU countries would have to resettle on their territories is one of the solutions being proposed. Yet, some of the bloc's members are firmly against this. On Wednesday, the government of Hungary, which has consistently rebuffed the mandatory quota idea, announced that it would call a national referendum to decide on the issue, counting on public sentiment to reject the EU proposal.
In defense of cis gay men
Why have the SJWs decided now to turn on gay men? All over Tumblr I see posts about how awful and selfish “cis gay men” are. Don't they know that the entire American LGBT rights movement started with gay men? I suppose this younger generation doesn't know a lot about Matthew Shepard, Harvey Milk, or Stonewall.
We seem to get especially attacked by the trans community. Trans people seem to have forgotten that any and all visibility they have now stems from that movement. Trans people were completely invisible before they teamed up with gays and lesbians. The money donated to Trans-helpful organizations like HRC comes mainly from gay white men. We can't raise kids without a major effort, so we have more disposable income as the trade off. There is nothing wrong with those organizations pushing bills that help the majority of the LGB community (and many help trans folks too). Trans people are a tiny minority of a minority. Resources have to be spent where they will do the most good for the largest number of people. We have often risked losing gay rights legislation to make sure bills were written to include Trans-friendly language.
Don't get me wrong. I agree that the public needs to be more sympathetic to trans causes. Trans people have a very unfortunate birth defect and I can't understand why people treat them so harshly compared to people born with holes in their heart or other types of conditions. I think we should all work to make gender transitioning more cost effective and a basic human right for those that need it. It shouldn't be a shameful act to change one's gender to match one's internal self.
I also see lots of comments about how cis gay men don't care about feminism. We are born male and that does come with certain privileges. We can never truly understand what women go through every day, so maybe we aren't as vocal as you'd like. We get caught up in our own civil rights battles so much that we often don't think enough about other groups. I hope and believe that will change after LGB Americans have the right to marry and some employment nondiscrimination laws on the books.
Women are often our best friends. We respect you more than you realize. Some of us are rude sometimes and say “vaginas are gross” and catty comments like that. That is inexcusable and is usually said by gays that are young or have not had the luxury of higher education. Sometimes we can be jealous of you. You get to date that hot straight guy we had a crush on. Or you get to go clothes shopping and see thousands of cool choices while we get the same boring variations of shirts and pants. Or sometimes we are just feeling bitter because you can hold hands with your boyfriend down the street while we are afraid to do the same. We envy you and that can make some gay men make nasty comments.
It doesn't mean we don't love and admire you also. We're sad that you live in a world where you live in fear of being raped. Actually, the more effeminate gay men out there kind of even deal with the same thing; we live in fear that a truckload of rednecks will attack us when we walk home alone at night. It isn't exactly the same, but we are more sympathetic than you can imagine.
We'll never fully understand the frustration you feel in this world. You can be sure though that the overwhelming majority of gay men are not out to sabotage or belittle you in any way. We aren't going to pass on you for promotions at work and certainly aren't going to assault you. We want to be your friends and see you flourish. If you've ever seen a drag show you can see how much we admire you and poke fun of ourselves for wanting so badly to be like you. The truth is that most gay men see women for the goddesses they are.
Straight men, we don't hate you either. You are our brothers, fathers, and friends too. We know that the overwhelming majority of you aren't out to beat us up for being gay or to rape/assault women. We are sympathetic to the pressure you must be under to maintain that illusion of masculinity our society forces upon you. We are sad that society places so many boxes around your identity, making you feel like you have to dumb yourselves down. We know that society wants to turn you into a sports/sex/car crazy beast that lives off of only red meat and beer. We are sad you don't get to explore your emotions openly. We get it. We were almost forced into those boxes too. Thankfully we gay men have the option to push back since we are perceived as “weak” and “feminine” anyway. While you are the most “privileged” of us all (whatever that means), we know you are oppressed in ways women will never fully understand. Maybe our tendency to push the boundaries of what is considered masculine will help you in some way too.
Lesbians, why don't more gay men and lesbians hang out as friends? We have the most in common out of all other groups. We fight the same battles for marriage and employment rights. We are all told we're inferior for loving someone of the same gender. Heck, we even get told we'll even be denied a happy afterlife due to a sexual orientation we've had since birth. We've been fighting alongside each other since the beginning of our civil rights movement, but we don't socialize enough as friends. That needs to change. Only superficial differences keep us apart.
Gay men and lesbians can freely take on the best qualities of femininity and masculinity. That's why we are perceived as being superior creative types. We don't worry so much about society's gender laws because we are outside the norm anyway. You are our sisters. There is a lot we can learn from each other. If we work together we can make this a better world for us all.
POC, your anger is justified in this world. You are truly oppressed. At least most white LGB folks can hide our sexual orientations when needed. Your skin color is forever there. I won't speak much on race though since gay men come from every ethnicity. Sadly, some gay men are indeed racist, but that exists in all categories of people. I suspect the level of racism in the gay community is at least smaller proportionally when compared to the general population. It is disgusting to be discriminated against due to anything that's outside your control. Gay men know that from experience, and most of us want this country to have full racial equality.
Sorry for this rant. I've just been needing to respond to all the hateful comments I've been seeing. It is bad enough to see hate from the right wing, but it is even more hurtful when it comes from groups that should be our friends. This world needs more love and understanding and not just bitterness and attacks all the time. 🌈
1. Paranoid personality disorder - Paranoid personality disorder is characterized by a pervasive distrust of others, including even friends and partner. The person is guarded and suspicious, and constantly on the lookout for clues or suggestions to confirm his or her fears. He or she has a strong sense of self-importance and personal rights, is overly sensitive to setbacks and rebuffs, easily feels shame and humiliation, and persistently bears grudges. As a result he or she may have a tendency to withdraw from other people, and find it particularly difficult to engage in close relationships.
2. Schizoid personality disorder - In schizoid personality disorder, the person is detached and aloof and prone to introspection and fantasy. He or she has no desire for social or sexual relationships, is indifferent to others and to social norms and conventions, and lacks emotional response; in extreme cases, he or she may appear cold and callous. Treatment is often not provided because people with schizoid personality disorder are generally able to function well despite their reluctance to form close relationships, and are not unduly concerned by the fact that they may be seen to have a mental disorder.
3. Schizotypal disorder - Characterized by oddities of appearance, behavior, and speech, and anomalies of thinking similar to those seen in schizophrenia. Anomalies of thinking may include odd beliefs, magical thinking (for example, thinking that words affect the world—‘speak of the devil and he'll appear'), suspiciousness, obsessional ruminations, and unusual perceptual experiences. A person with schizotypal disorder often fears social interaction and sees other people as ill-intentioned and potentially harmful. This may lead him or her to develop so-called ‘ideas of reference', which are fleeting impressions that objects, people, or situations have a special significance for him or her. For example, he or she may have the impression that strangers on the bus are talking about him or her, or that the traffic warden's signaling is an elaborate means of revealing his or her destiny.
4. Antisocial personality disorder - Antisocial personality disorder is far more common in men than in women, and is characterized by a callous unconcern for the feelings of others. The person disregards social rules and obligations, is irritable and aggressive, acts impulsively, lacks guilt, and fails to learn from experience. In many cases he has no difficulty finding relationships, and can even appear superficially charming (the so-called ‘charming psychopath'). However, his relationships are usually fiery, turbulent, and short-lived. People with antisocial personality disorder often have a criminal record or even a history of being in and out of prison.
5. Borderline personality disorder - In borderline personality disorder, the person essentially lacks a sense of self, and as a result experiences feelings of emptiness and fears of abandonment. There is a pattern of intense but unstable relationships, emotional instability, outbursts of anger and violence (especially in response to criticism), and impulsive behavior. Suicidal threats and acts of self-harm are common, for which reason people with borderline personality disorder frequently come into contact with healthcare services. Borderline personality disorder was so-called because it was thought to lie on the ‘borderline' between neurotic (anxiety) disorders and psychotic disorders such as schizophrenia and bipolar affective disorder. It has been suggested that borderline personality disorder often results from childhood sexual abuse, and that the reason why it is more common in women is because women are more likely to be victims of childhood sexual abuse. However, feminists have argued that borderline personality disorder merely appears to be more common in women, since women presenting with angry and promiscuous behavior tend to be diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, whereas men presenting with identical behavior tend to be diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder.
6. Histrionic personality disorder - People with histrionic personality disorder lack a sense of self-worth, for which reason they depend on the attention and approval of others. They often seem to be dramatizing or ‘playing a part' (‘histrionic' derives from the Latin ‘histrionicus', ‘pertaining to the actor') in a bid to attract and manipulate attention. They may take great care of their physical appearance and behave in a manner that is overly charming or inappropriately seductive. As they crave excitement and act on impulse or suggestion, they may put themselves at great risk of having an accident or being exploited. Their dealings with other people often seem insincere or superficial, which can impact on their social and romantic relationships. This is especially distressing for them, because they are especially sensitive to criticism and rejection and react badly to loss or failure.
7. Narcissistic personality disorder - Narcissistic personality disorder takes its name from the myth of Narcissus, a beautiful youth who fell in love with his own reflection. In narcissistic personality disorder the person has a grandiose sense of self-importance, a sense of entitlement, and a need to be admired. He or she is envious of others and expects them to be the same of him or her. He or she lacks empathy and readily exploits others to achieve his or her goals. To others he or she may seem self-absorbed, controlling, intolerant, selfish, and insensitive. If he or she feels slighted or ridiculed, he or she may be provoked into a fit of destructive anger and revenge-seeking. Such ‘narcissistic rage' can have disastrous consequences for all those involved.
8. Avoidant personality disorder - In avoidant personality disorder, the person is persistently tense because he or she believes that he or she is socially inept, unappealing, or inferior, and as a result fears being embarrassed, criticized, or rejected. He or she avoids meeting people unless he or she is certain of being liked, is restrained even in his or her intimate relationships, and avoids taking risks. Avoidant personality disorder is strongly associated with anxiety disorders, and may also be associated with actual or perceived rejection by parents or peers during childhood.
9. Dependent personality disorder - Dependent personality disorder is characterized by a lack of self-confidence and an excessive need to be taken care of. The person needs a lot of help to make everyday decisions and needs important life decisions to be taken for him or her. He or she greatly fears abandonment and may go to considerable lengths to secure and maintain relationships. A person with dependent personality disorder sees him- or her-self as inadequate and helpless, and so abdicates personal responsibility and puts his or her fate in the hands of one or more protective others; he or she imagines being at one with these protective others whom he or she idealizes as being competent and powerful, and towards whom he or she behaves in a manner that is ingratiating and self-effacing.
10. Obsessive-compulsive (anankastic) personality disorder - Obsessive-compulsive or anankastic personality disorder (not to be confused with obsessive-compulsive disorder or OCD) is characterized by excessive preoccupation with details, rules, lists, order, organisation, or schedules; perfectionism so extreme that it prevents a task from being completed; and devotion to work and productivity at the expense of leisure and relationships. A person with anankastic personality disorder is typically doubting and cautious, rigid and controlling, humorless, and miserly. His or her underlying high level of anxiety arises from a perceived lack of control over a universe that escapes his or her understanding. As a natural consequence, he or she has little tolerance for grey areas and tends to simplify the universe by seeing actions and beliefs as either absolutely right or absolutely wrong. His or her relationships with friends, colleagues, and family tend to be strained by the unreasonable and inflexible demands that he or she makes upon them.
Source: truecrimejunkie77
Researchers at Michigan State University have been successful in creating a clear solar concentrator that can be applied to windows to generate electricity and allow the windows to remain transparent. Right now, their solar conversion efficiency is one percent, which means they aren't generating much electricity yet, but they aim to increase that number to five percent, and eventually seven.
Solar panels are typically much more efficient than that, but they also can't be seen through. The Michigan State solar concentrator could be placed on building windows and not block any views. It could also be used on a cell phone, or a tablet computer to generate some electricity and still allow the user to see the contents of a clear screen.
The practical reason that this kind of research is exciting is that there is potentially a tremendous amount of window surface area that could be treated with a functional transparent technology to generate a great deal of electricity, “In 2009 alone, 437 million square feet of windows were installed in non-residential buildings in the United States. That many square feet of standard solar panels would generate around 4 gigawatts of power, roughly the total installed solar capacity in the U.S. today.”
The basic mechanism of the MTSU solar system employs organic molecules which are tuned to ultraviolet and near infrared wavelengths that impact another infrared wavelength. This second infrared light is converted to electricity by photovoltaic cells.
“No one wants to sit behind colored glass It makes for a very colorful environment, like working in a disco. We take an approach where we actually make the luminescent active layer itself transparent,” explained Richard Lunt, MTSU assistant professor. Yimu Zhao, Benjamin Levine, and Garret Meek also worked with Lunt on the transparent solar power research.
Transparent solar, in the form of thin film, is not new. Scientists at the DOE were working on such a project four years ago. Researchers at Stanford were conducting research into peel-and-stick solar cells in 2012. The thin-film solar cells used in the Stanford research were not entirely transparent though.
Don't forget to follow Solar Love on Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and/or RSS!! Do it for the sun.
By FLOYD AND MARY BETH BROWN
CAGLE CARTOONS
The new Congress elected in November will surprise everyone. They will seriously consider impeaching Barack Obama.
Growing under the radar of the mainstream media is a movement that is gathering momentum.
Over one million citizens have signed petitions calling on the US Congress to impeach Barack Hussein Obama. Some of the soon-to-be elected new members of Congress are amongst those who have signed up, and they are not about to be cowered by establishment Republicans scared silly of the issue.
Ultimately it comes down to a commonly shared belief amongst Tea Party activists that Barack Obama is systematically trying to hurt America. Obama, the argument goes, is not an incompetent boob in over his head. Nor is he is not some well-meaning community organizer who has seen his plans go astray.
Barack Obama is a dishonest, manipulative liar who actually is pursuing an agenda that he hopes will take America off the international leadership stage. He wants America to fail so that the vision of Internationalist socialists can be realized. America is hated by the elite intellectuals of the world because we have been the single biggest roadblock to their plans to establish a one world governing system with them in charge.
American has consistently rejected socialism. Whether it is Hillarycare or Obamacare, Americans are speaking with a loud clear voice against socialism.
The left hates America because of our belief in God, our belief in rugged individualism, our belief in private property and our belief in the right to Keep and Bear Arms.
It is only through impeachment that the new Congress can send Barack Obama a clear and unambiguous message that he does not have carte blanche to run roughshod over America.
Impeachment is the political tool given by the founders to correct abuse by a President. Impeachment is often misunderstood because of confusion about what exactly constitutes an impeachable offense.
Former-President Gerald Ford, while serving in the House of Representatives, said an impeachable offense was, “whatever a majority of the House of Representatives considers it to be at a given moment in history.”
Article I, Section 4 of the Constitution reads: “The President, Vice President and all civil officers of the United States, shall be removed from office on impeachment for, and conviction of, treason, bribery, or other high crimes and misdemeanors.”
The key phrase here is "high crimes and misdemeanors,” a concept in English Common Law that was well-known to our Founding Fathers but is grossly misunderstood in this day and age.
"High crimes and misdemeanors" essentially means bad behavior.
Here's a passage from C-Span.org which succinctly and beautifully summarizes the historical significance surrounding the inclusion of the term "high crimes and misdemeanors" in the Constitution:
“'High crimes and misdemeanors' entered the text of the Constitution due to George Mason and James Madison. Mason had argued that the reasons given for impeachment - treason and bribery - were not enough. He worried that other "great and dangerous offenses" might not be covered... so Mason then proposed ‘high crimes and misdemeanors,' a phrase well-known in English common law. In 18th century language, a ‘misdemeanor' meant ‘mis-demeanor,' or bad behavior."
In other words, "high crimes and misdemeanors" does not refer to a criminal act (as some would lead you to believe) and our Founding Fathers fully intended to allow for the removal of the President for actions which are: gross incompetence, gross negligence or outright distasteful.
And for those who mistakenly hold the illusion that impeaching Barack Obama would be a simple matter of "playing politics," the Founders fully intended that the impeachment of a sitting President be a political act.
The Founding Fathers deliberately put impeachment into the hands of the legislative branch rather than the judicial branch, thus transforming it from strictly a matter of legal definition to a matter of political judgment.
The Obama Administration qualifies as the poster-child for bad behavior.
Obama and those around him are ravaging this great country and adding a sorry chapter to a noble history.
Impeachment, as written in the Constitution, was tailor-made for Barack Hussein Obama and our Founders placed it in our Constitution for such a time as this.
The Browns are bestselling authors and speakers. Together they write a national weekly column distributed exclusively by Cagle Cartoons newspaper syndicate. Floyd is also president of the Western Center for Journalism. See more at Floyd's blog at www.2minuteview.com. To comment on this column, e-mail browns@caglecartoons.com.
It's no secret that we've fallen head over heels for Mumdance‘s Twists & Turns mixtape.
Mumdance has been kicking around for years, releasing on Mad Decent and other labels, but it's this year that he seems to have really nailed his own sound – in no short part due to his studio set-up, where he runs a Roland TR-909 drum machine and various synthesisers through outdated equipment that gives it a distinctive crunch. It's a simplistic way of phrasing it – but it's basically old grime meets old techno, and it sounds great.
FACT TV spent an afternoon in Mumdance's studio last week: on the first video we filmed, he explains how the 909 works and rolls out a live jam on the drum machine, and on the second, above, he talks us through his gear and rolls out a 909 ‘n' sampler live session. You can read up on Twists & Turns here.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has claimed "positive" talks with star forward Alexis Sanchez over his future at the Emirates, despite reports the Chile international is set to leave this summer.
Sanchez is set to enter the final year of his contract with the Gunners, and has so far resisted signing a new long-term deal reportedly worth in excess of £250,000 a week.
Wenger stated in April he "deeply believed" the former Barcelona and Udinese man would extend his stay with the London club, and told reporters on Friday that he's had encouraging talks with Sanchez via text.
"Of course. There is not a lot to resolve at the moment with the player," Wenger said when asked if he's confident Sanchez will stay at the club.
Alexis Sanchez is set to enter the final year of his Arsenal contract. Richard Heathcote/Getty Images
"I have spoken through text and it was very positive. My thoughts are always positive."
Jack Wilshere is another Arsenal player whose future appears uncertain. The once-promising midfielder spent last season on loan at Bournemouth, where he broke his leg in the latter part of the season.
Set to return to the Emirates, the oft-injured England international has been linked to a move to Serie A side Sampdoria.
However, Wenger seemed to squash those rumours, saying: "I think Jack will be with Arsenal next season, yes.
"I will give you a very focused answer on that, that he has to work hard to come back and fight for a place in the team.
"But once he is ready, when he comes back, he will not be far from practising with the team."
Story highlights CNN confirms dermatology residents also using "airplane notes" to prepare for exams
Board says "recalling and sharing questions from exams violates ... professional ethics"
Executive director says this is cheating, but she can't prove it is happening
Doctors studying to become dermatologists have, for years, shared exam questions by memorizing and writing them down after the test to become board certified, CNN has confirmed.
Reports of the use of what are known as "airplane notes" comes after revelations last month that radiology residents around the country for years also have used what are known as "recalls" to prepare for the written exam, which is one step in becoming certified by the American Board of Radiology.
In the wake of the CNN story, the group that oversees 24 medical specialties issued a statement condemning the use of the recalls.
The American Board of Medical Specialties said on its website that, "It should be made abundantly clear that recalling and sharing questions from exams violates exam security, professional ethics and patient trust in the medical profession. When it happens, the practice should be addressed swiftly and decisively. Whether someone is providing or using test questions, ABMS Member Boards enforce sanctions that may include permanent barring from certification, and/or prosecution for copyright violation."
CNN has confirmed the practice also exists with dermatology, where the recalls are known as "airplane notes," because residents write down as much as they can remember on the plane after taking the test.
In an anonymous e-mail to the American Board of Dermatology in 2008, a resident wrote: "The board needs to know that there is an organized effort year after year to, by verbatim, reproduce each and every question of the official ABD certifying examination minutes after its completion. So-called "airplane notes"...are well known to dermatology residents and are compiled, typed up and quietly distributed among residency programs across the country."
The resident, now a practicing dermatologist, wrote, "Each year, minutes after the certifying exam is complete, there is an almost ceremonial meeting of examinees at a local hotel or restaurant there in Chicago. A feverish and collective effort is made by examinees from many programs to reproduce on paper as many questions as they can -- verbatim -- that they had just encountered. This is then integrated into an updated "airplane notes," which then has questions from the year before, and the year before that, etc., in an organized fashion. These are even professionally bound at Kinko's at times."
In a response to the e-mail, the board's executive director, Dr. Antoinette Hood, wrote: "The board takes every precaution to discourage this practice amongst graduating residents: maintaining strict security of items, minimizing the number of previously used questions, and requiring an honor code statement (signed two separate times) declaring that information will not be shared. Unfortunately we have no mechanism for enforcing the honor code or controlling interpersonal communications that occur after an examination. The real issue is how do we police professionalism and how do we identify the offenders?"
Hood said she has addressed this issue for several years during the board's annual meeting by telling dermatology residents the practice is not allowed.
"I've never seen airplane notes, but I've heard about it," Hood said.
"We really try to do something to prevent it from happening," Hood said. "It's a high stakes examination and people are naturally very anxious about it and that brings out the potential worst in people."
Asked if she considered this cheating, Hood said, "Yes, but I can't prove it - period."
The board has warned residents that using airplane notes is illegal, because test questions are copyrighted.
"There are legal consequences to this practice, as the questions of the American Board of Dermatology are protected by copyright laws, and any reproduction, not approved by the board, illegal. But, of much greater importance, this practice is unethical and violates our professionalism and ethical standards, which are the basis for the trust given us by our patients," one board newsletter obtained by CNN reads.
Dermatology residents confirm the practice has been widespread, but the value of the actual airplane notes varies depending on the accuracy of the memorization.
The dermatology board scrambles the approximately 300 questions from test to make it more difficult to memorize them. About 20% of the questions each year are recycled from old tests, compared with about 50% for the written exam in radiology.
"We scramble the questions so that discourages the rote memorization," Hood said.
After a phone interview, Hood agreed to an an on-camera interview with CNN to discuss the recalls. But she abruptly canceled the interview two days beforehand, saying she had changed her mind.
While the use of airplane notes and recalls has been discussed for years in dermatology and radiology, they are not widely known outside those professions.
Dr. Gary Becker, executive director of the American Board of Radiology, said using recalls was cheating.
"I am saying it's cheating. It's a violation of our policy," Becker said.
Dr. James Borgstede, the radiology board's president-elect, said the test-taking culture has changed since he took the exam in 1978.
"Right now, in radiology, jobs are hard to find. Board certification is very, very important. When I took the exam, you could still practice without being a board-certified radiologist. Now, that's virtually impossible," Borgstede said.
"So, a high-stakes examination, and the other thing is it's a difference in culture. These individuals sort of view us as a system, and them as outside the system, and there's this issue of sort of stick it to the man. You know, that we're the system, and they can do this and it's acceptable. We tell them it's not acceptable."
Becker said that despite the use of the recalls, the public is protected because of the overall training and an intensive oral exam that residents must undergo to become certified.
Next year, the board is rolling out a new exam for the first time in more than 10 years. Instead of two written tests and one oral exam, the first exam will be a "core exam" taken after three years of residency training, and the second certifying exam will be taken 15 months after graduation. The oral exam is being eliminated.
Meanwhile, The American College of Radiology, which does not certify radiologists, posted a statement on its website after the CNN story aired.
"The most troubling aspect of this report is the implication that all radiologists who pass these examinations are 'cheaters.' The allegation of cheating not only involves an unspecified and unidentified number of individuals, but smears the entire specialty with a broad and unjustified brush," the statement said.
"Whether one considers the sharing of mentally recalled questions to be unethical, or simply a type of study aid, board certification represents significantly more than passing an exam, and should not be impugned simply on the basis of examination methodology," it said.
Asked whether the group considered recalls cheating, a spokesman said it had no comment beyond the statement.
Other medical specialties contacted by CNN said they had not experienced that kind of systemic use of recalls.
The American Board of Family Medicine has sent investigators into test review company classes to ensure they aren't teaching from old test questions.
"When we've investigated these groups and (gone) through these classes, we've never found old exams," said board spokesman Robert Cattoi.
The board only re-uses "a very small number of questions" from old exams, he said. The American Board of Orthopedic Surgery re-uses about 20% of old questions each year.
"We know of no similar recall registry of questions such as was in your piece (about) the radiology residents," said the board's executive director, Dr. Shepard Hurwitz.
Naughty Dog has delivered a scathing verdict on the "poor" standard of storytelling in video games, revealing its aim to "change the f***ing industry" with upcoming PlayStation 3-exclusive The Last of Us.
Speaking at the studio's offices in Santa Monica on Monday, creative director and writer Neil Druckmann told Eurogamer his team wanted to "raise the bar" in order to make other game developers realise: "Okay, I really need to learn the craft of storytelling, I really need to involve my actors in this in order to get realistic performances and realistic actors. That's what we want to do."
He also argued that reviewers were too quick to praise average storytelling, which could hold back the medium's development.
"We try so hard at Naughty Dog to push things," he said. "And then games come out that are fun and exciting and get visceral things right, but to read in reviews that they have an amazing story is disheartening to us because we work so hard at it.
"As critics we need to raise the bar, otherwise no-one's going to change. We're going to keep pushing ourselves, and kill ourselves to make this story happen - but hope that by doing it, the rest of the industry is going to take notice and try to do the same thing."
Elaborating on where other games went wrong, Druckmann, previously lead designer and co-writer on Uncharted 2, told Eurogamer: "We mistake quantity for quality. We don't focus on characters, we focus on monsters or [the] gruesome."
So what is The Last of Us about? "This is going to sound corny, and it might not appeal to gamers, but I would say it's a love story," said Druckmann. "It's not a romantic love story, it's a love story about a father-daughter-like relationship.
"We approached this genre because we felt no-one is getting to the heart of it. It tells you something about the human condition - that's what you want to do as a storyteller.
"We're not saying every game needs a strong, compelling and dramatic story, but if you are going to make a narrative-based game then you better learn the craft."
Game director Bruce Straley, who held the same role on Uncharted 2, added: "It's not just a zombie game. It's going to be a completely amazing experience that no player has experienced for this genre, the characters, the development, everything."
Neither Sony nor Naughty Dog has yet committed to a release date for the game.
Star jockey James McDonald has stood down from riding immediately following an inquiry into a betting related charge
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Godolphin's retained Australian rider James McDonald has stood himself down after being charged with a betting offence.
Racing NSW stewards interviewed and charged McDonald on Tuesday with having an interest in a bet on Astern who he rode to win his debut on December 5 last year.
Astern was backed from $4.60 to $3.50 on the day and and won by 2-1/2 lengths.
A stewards release said they questioned McDonald after receiving intelligence regarding his association with a known punter and that punter's betting activities.
McDonald was not required to enter a plea and stood himself down after stewards told him they would consider exercising their discretion to suspend his licence.
Stewards also told McDonald their investigations would continue and reserved their position to issue additional charges should they unearth any further breaches of the rules.
McDonald, 24, is Sydney's reigning premier jockey and spent the Australian winter riding for Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin team in England and Ireland.
Under the rules, jockeys are not allowed to bet on thoroughbred racing.
Racing NSW's Media release:
Acting on intelligence received, Racing NSW today conducted an interview of licensed jockey James McDonald, relative to his association with a known punter and that punter's betting activities.
Having regard to the evidence adduced at that interview, Racing NSW Stewards issued a charge against James McDonald under AR83(d), which states:
AR 83. Every jockey or apprentice may be penalised –
(d) If he bet, or has any interest in a bet on any race, or contingency relating to Thoroughbred racing involving a race in which he is riding. For the purposes of this rule, bet includes a lay bet (as defined in AR175B(7)).
The details of the charge being that he had an interest in a bet on the horse Astern to win in Race 1 (Surf Meets Turf Plate) at Royal Randwick on Saturday, 5 December 2015, being a horse that he rode in that race.
James McDonald was not required to enter a plea.
Subsequent to the charge being issued, Stewards indicated they would consider exercising a discretion under AR8(z) to suspend his licence on the basis that his ongoing participation would pose an unacceptable risk to, prejudice or undermine the image, interests or integrity of racing.
Upon application from James McDonald, the Stewards acceded to his request that in the circumstances he would be permitted to voluntarily stand himself down from riding immediately pending the hearing of the charge.
Mr McDonald was advised that should he seek to withdraw his application to voluntarily stand down, he would be required to attend a hearing before the Stewards and make submissions in respect to AR8(z).
Stewards also advised James McDonald that they would continue their investigations in relation to the intelligence received and reserved their position to issue additional charges should the evidence establish any further breaches of the Rules of Racing.
Deposit
$50
Bet with
$250!
Claim $200 in Racing Bonus Bets when you deposit $50!*
Join now!
*Conditions Apply. Excl VIC, NSW, SA & WA. Gamble Responsibly
Deeds now leads in every region of the state except Hampton Roads, including a 38-35 lead over Moran in northern Virginia, where just two and a half weeks ago Deeds was polling at only 11%. Deeds is up over 50% in the parts of the state outside Washington DC/Richmond/Hampton Roads.
“Creigh Deeds has come on strong and barring some major event in the final 36 hours of the campaign looks like he will be the Democratic nominee,” said Dean Debnam, President of Public Policy Polling. “The Washington Post endorsement was really a game changer, giving him a card to play with suburban voters that complemented his strong support in the rural parts of the state.”
Deed leads by ten points with Democrats and has more dominating margins of 27 points with independents and 22 points with Republicans allowing his overall lead of 14.
In 18 years in the General Assembly, Mr. Deeds has time and again supported measures that might be unpopular with his rural constituency but that are the right thing to do, for Northern Virginia and the state as a whole. He has demonstrated an understanding of the problems that matter most, the commitment to solve them and the capacity to get things done. Mr. Deeds may not be the obvious choice in the June 9 primary, but he's the right one.
...Some progressive voters may look past Mr. Deeds, assuming he's too far to the right on social issues. They should look again. Yes, he describes himself as a supporter of the Second Amendment. He's willing, however, to put limits on gun ownership when the stakes are highest, brokering a compromise in an effort to close the state's notorious gun show loophole. His support for abortion rights and for an amendment to prohibit the Confederate flag emblem from being displayed on state license plates are all the more impressive considering the weight of conservative voters in his district.
Virginia's newly resurgent Democratic Party helped win the presidency for Obama. He took Virginia's 13 electoral votes when 1,959,532 (53%) Virginians cast their ballots for him, as opposed to the 1,725,005 (47%) who went for McCain, a stunning reversal of Bush's 54% win in 2004. Since Bush's 2004 win, the Virginia Democratic Party has also won 2 U.S. Senate seats-- first Jim Webb's shocking defeat of George Allen and then Mark Warner's waltz (a 65% win) into an open seat-- and has picked up 3 formerly red House seats (Connolly, Nye and Perriello). Virginia elected Mark Warner governor in 2001 and his Lt Governor, Tim Kaine, won the seat in 2005.Scratching a little below the surface, it doesn't look quite as wonderful. Kaine is a nearly worthless reactionary hack. Warner and Webb are centrists who are resistant to many progressive positions. And of the 3 new congressman, moderate Gerry Connolly has proven himself a solid supporter of Obama's change agenda, Tom Perriello much less so and Glenn Nye, a Blue Dog, is, well... better than a Republican.So what can we expect from Virginia's gubernatorial primary today? Democrats are choosing a standard bearer for November 3rd's election against former Attorney General Bob McDonnell, a far right extremist. The three candidates are state Senator Creigh Deeds, former state Delegate Brian Moran, and uber-corruptionist and corporatist swine Terry McAuliffe. The corporate swine, of course, has spent immense sums of money to try to buy the election . Deeds and Moran both seem like solid moderates and each seems like he'd be an improvement over Kaine. McAuliffe represents all the worst that a Democrat could ever be-- someone who poisons the brand and gives people no reason to vote for Democrats over Republicans. He defines sleazy and shouldn't be in politics at all.Sunday, Public Policy Polling released a new poll that shows Deeds significantly ahead of two rivals with 40% of the vote. McCauliffe (26%) and Moran (24%) trail.Deeds also came out comfortably ahead in the last SUSA poll -- with 42%, McAuliffe (30%) and Moran (21%) way behind. Judging by the dynamics of the results, it looks like Deeds will win today. Over the past 6 weeks he's tripled his support in the DC suburbs (from 12% to 40%) and has made similar strides among women (13% to 40%) and among college graduates he went from 21 points behind McAuliffe to 18 points over him. Deeds went from 17 points behind McAuliffe among white voters to 19 points ahead of him. The more independents that vote the larger the margin of victory will be for Deeds. Theendorsement is effusive:With a third ofviewing the GOP unfavorably, the Democratic nomination is very valuable. We were extremely happy to see Deeds win it , not because he's such a wonderful progressive but to keep the slimy McAuliffe out of politics. AP called the race with Deeds at 51% and McAuliffe and Moran trailing at 26 and 23% respectively.
Labels: Creigh Deeds, Terry McAuliffe, Virginia Governor's Race
Hey everyone!
So a huge thanks to Hashiconf for letting me come out and talk about this stuff in person! But for those of you who missed it, or want more information there is also this blog on the matter as well.
So this is just a quick technical follow up of the tool terraformctl that I used in my session to get Terraform up and running inside of Kubernetes as a controller!
What is terraformctl?
A command line tool and gRPC server that is pronounced Terraform Cuddle.
The GitHub repo can be found here!
It's a philosophical example of how infrastructure engineers might start looking at running cloud native applications to manage infrastructure. The idea behind the tool is to introduce this new way of thinking, and not necessarily to be the concrete implementation you are working for. This idea is new, and therefore a lot of tooling is till being crafted. This is just a quick and dirty example of what it might look like.
Terraformctl follows a simple client/server pattern.
We use gRPC to define the protocol in which the client will communicate with the server.
The server is a program written in Golang that will handle incoming gRPC requests concurrently while running a control loop.
The incoming requests are cached to a mutex controlled shared point in memory.
The control loop reads from the shared memory.
Voila. Concurrent microservices in Go!
What is cloud native infrastructure?
Well it's this crazy idea that we should start looking at managing cloud native infrastructure in the same way we manage traditional cloud native applications.
If we treat infrastructure as software then we have no reason to run the software in legacy or traditional ways when we can truly concur our software by running it in a cloud native way. I love this idea so much that I helped author a book on the subject! Feel free to check it out here!
The bottom line is that the new way of looking at the stack is to start thinking of the layers that were traditionally managed in other ways as layers that are now managed by discreet and happy applications. These applications can be run in containers, and orchestrated in the same ways that all other applications can. So why not do that? YOLO.
What Terraformctl is not..
Terraformctl is not (and will never be) production ready.
It's a demo tool, and it's hacky. If you really want to expand on my work feel free to ping me, or just out right fork it. I don't have time to maintain yet another open source project unfortunately.
Terraformctl is not designed to replace any enterprise solutions, it's just a thought experiment. Solving these problems is extremely hard, so I just want more people to understand what is really going into these tools.
Furthermore there are a number of features not yet implemented in the code base, that the code base was structure for. Who knows, maybe one day I will get around to coding them. We will see.
If you really, really, really want to talk more about this project. Please email me at kris@nivenly.com.
Sergei Karpukhin / Reuters Russia is going to run out the emergency cash it uses to buoy up its national budget by 2018, if oil prices do not rise soon, says the Higher School of Economics in Moscow.
According to analysts cited by The Times, Russia is burning through its FX reserves at an alarming rate because one of the sectors that largely contribute to its economy — oil — is being hammered by the global crash in prices.
This week, Russia's finance ministry revealed that the fund that is designed to cover shortfalls in the country's national budget has shrunk to £23 billion ($30.6 billion), from £67 billion in 2014.
According to an older report by The Wall Street Journal, Russia needs oil to be at $20 per barrel to break even. While it is not stipulated in the Higher School of Economics in Moscow report at what price Russia would like oil to be at, the oil price movements over the last two years show that even at $50 per barrel, Russia is still haemorrhaging money.
Oil prices have dropped from over $100 per barrel highs in June 2014, to around $46 per barrel. At one point this year, the oil price was flirting with the $20 per barrel mark. While it looks like oil is now recovering continually — it is not. Oil prices are struggling to get above and maintain a rise above $50 per barrel:
Bloomberg
Oil prices have fallen dramatically due to over-supply in the market.
Russia and Saudi Arabia are two of the most important oil producers on the planet, with Saudi Arabia the de facto leader of the OPEC cartel of oil-producing nations. Russia, alongside the USA, is one of the two biggest non-OPEC producers. The two nations' oil policy has a profound effect on the markets.
At April's OPEC meeting about a freeze in production, Saudi Arabia refused to cooperate unless Iran joined in any production freeze, and, as a result the meeting ended up as a damp squib.
However, the two nations are starting to work together, with the hope for a solution to the massive glut in the oil industry are rising.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has said that the 2014 Budget may be delivered to the Dáil a little earlier this year.
Mr Kenny said the budget was fixed for 2014, but could be delivered earlier because of decisions that the European Parliament and European Council have to take in respect of what they call the European Semester.
The Taoiseach was speaking in response to questions on expectations of the Labour Party for a Budget dividend arising from the promissory note deal.
He added that while the Budget was fixed, the Government would still consider all of the economic conditions before it would be delivered to the Dáil.
Earlier, Minister for Social Protection Joan Burton said there will be no Budget rowbacks following the savings from the promissory note deal.
Speaking on RTÉ's News at One, the minister said there was a strong argument for increasing the amount of funding for capital projects, but she would not unpick previous Budgets.
She said: "We're not going to unpick previous Budgets at this point in time. Remember, what the promissory note deal has done for us, and I argued for this even before the General Election, is given us room for extra flexibility."
Ms Burton said the deal on Anglo Irish Bank debt should be used to stimulate the economy.
"We've really negotiated a very good, very promising deal. We have some extra flexibility, the flexibility is not enormous, but let's use that flexibility to get people back to work," she said.
"We have an extraordinarily attractive environment for people setting up a business, whether from Ireland or whether from abroad. We see that in the eBay announcement and we see that in other announcements.
"What we have not got is the link in to the number of people on the live register right around this country, who are only dying to get back to work."
Elsewhere, European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi said the ECB will examine the Irish swap further.
His comments came after the German governing council member and Bundesbank chief Jens Weidmann said Ireland's promissory note transaction comes dangerously close to contravening a ban on the monetary financing of governments.
He said the ECB will re-examine the issue and "has to make sure that its actions are in conformity with its rules and statutes".
Speaking this morning in Moscow, the central bank chief also said that the nominal and real euro exchange rates are around long-term averages, and all talk of foreign exchange wars is "inappropriate, fruitless and self-defeating".
Ahead of a meeting of Group of 20 finance officials, Mr Draghi declined, in line with policy, to say whether the euro's exchange rate was appropriate, but noted it was in line with long-term averages in nominal and real terms.
He also declined to pre-empt a debate on the wording of a G20 communiqué on currencies and borrowing by governments, but made it clear that he favoured structural reforms as a path to growth rather than ramping up state borrowing.
"We don't believe that inflating budget deficits to create demand is sustainable," Mr Draghi told a news conference after talks with Russian central bank officials.
Also speaking in Moscow, the EU Economic and Monetary Affairs Commissioner Olli Rehn said that the G20 should focus on structural reforms rather than on short-term fiscal and monetary stimulus.
Mr Rehn did not name any G20 countries, but his remarks appeared to refer to policies in Japan and the US.
"The G20 should focus more on reforms than on short-term fiscal and monetary stimulus," he said.
Central banks in Japan and the US have policies of buying government bonds to boost credit to the economy, and Japan's government also wants to additionally stimulate the economy fiscally.
Such policies have led to a weakening of the dollar and the yen, making exports of these countries more competitive, in what some policymakers refer to as "currency wars".
Game Details
Platform : Nintendo 3DS
Release Date : Nov 04, 2016
No. of Players : up to 4 players
Category : Party
Publisher : Nintendo
Developer: Nintendo
Think fast, play fast, and have a blast!
Think fast and have a blast with a variety of ways to party with Mario™, Toad™, and more, on-the-go or on the couch! It's always your turn as you and up to three* friends roll the dice, roam the board, and recruit fan-favorite allies. The bigger your party, the faster you'll earn stars and coins in frantic minigames. It's instant fun for everyone!
Break free of turn order and choose your path to victory in Toad Scramble, a mode with five wild worlds filled with bite-sized, open maps to play on. Blast across them in cannons, creep around haunted houses, or get a lift from Lakitu. You may get a chance to take down Bowser's mech! Team up with Yoshi™, Daisy™, Waluigi™ and other allies along the way. Pit your skills against friends by racing along in a gauntlet of rapid-fire minigames in Coinathlon. Cannon down Goombas, take out Shy Guys pinball-style, and even surf on a leafboard…but watch for Wigglers! You may even find yourself wandering a labyrinth of Boos. Partying is tough business!
Explore open maps across wildly different worlds in Toad Scramble, and recruit Mario™ character allies to your team
Break free of turn order: all players plot strategies, roll the dice, and move… simultaneously!
Play as Mario™ characters like Luigi™, Peach™, Daisy™, Wario™, Waluigi™, Donkey Kong™, Rosalina, Toadette, and Yoshi™ in various modes
Race around a game board, competing in a rapid-fire minigame gauntlet while sabotaging your friends in Coinathlon
Packed with fast, fun modes and minigames, this party offers something for everyone
“A Great science fiction detective story”
– Ian Watson, author of The Universal Machine
Days to Centenary: 146
On the one hand, pointing out yet again how important a role Alan Turing played in twentieth century affairs, and how large his legacy looms into the twenty-first, seems almost unnecessary now that we are in the midst of the Alan Turing Year.
He's made it, the moment has arrived, the hoopla has begun.
On the other hand, the mere fact that it is the Alan Turing Year means that we run the risk that the celebration itself becomes the focus of our attention and that the man gets obscured in the glitz.
I don't know how many times I have now seen a news item or a blog post about the fact that there is an Alan Turing postage stamp. I have nothing against the postage stamp — he certainly deserves it — but the repetition of this fact at the expense of anything else that might be said about him is a symptom of the fact that Turing may, if we are not careful, end up too much a symbol and too little an actual human being.
I don't want to detract from any aspect of this year's celebrations — anyone who has read this page before knows that I appreciate all of Turingdom, the official and the unofficial, whether on a great scale or on a small one, the institutional and the personal. But at this moment, for the reasons I just gave, I want to come back to the very real man and the real-world accomplishments he realized in his short life.
In The Strange Life and Death of Dr. Turing (1992), the first voice we hear (apart from an announcer briefly quoting Turing himself) is that of Marvin Minsky, who says:
Here's a person who discovered the most important thing in logic and he invented the concept of the stored program computer and he did these wonderful things in biology and cryptology and started artificial intelligence and ran marathons and rode bicycles and had these terrible sexual problems, but I don't know anything about this person… here's the key figure of our century, but I don't know him and I wish I did.
Marvin Minsky — who is a cognitive scientist working in artificial intelligence — is an intellectual giant. Just ask Isaac Asimov, who said of him that Minsky was one of only two people whom he, Asimov, would admit was more intelligent than he was (the other was Carl Sagan). When Minsky says someone is the key figure of the 20th century, that's coming from someone who is himself one of its key figures.
So Minsky's comment portrays Turing's legacy in its appropriate scale, but at the same time it provokes the same reaction in us that Minsky is having himself: we want to know the man, the real guy.
Unfortunately we can't, not directly, but we can know him indirectly through portrayals and recollections, as in last years Channel 4 documentary, Britain's Greatest Codebreaker. Unfortunately that movie isn't yet available for many of us outside the UK. Even for those within the UK who've seen it, it may have left them wishing for more.
For people in either of those categories, The Strange Life and Death of Dr. Turing is conveniently available on YouTube. The first half is embedded below. Beneath the embed is a link to the second half.
So by all means, buy one of the limited-edition first day cover stamps with the unique postmark. I'd love one myself. But before you do, sit down and watch the documentary and remind yourself just what the celebration's really all about.
Part two of the film can be found here.
Advertisements
The term ‘mansplaining' has developed on social media to describe the annoying habit we chap have of explaining important matters to women in patronising and condescending fashion.
(For my gentle lady readers, this means we talk down to you about complicated stuff like economics, film plots and, of course, feminism).
I've noticed a new strain: Englandsplaining. This (usually) takes the form of a certain stripe of English Tory setting out in detail why Scots are wrong to say they think something and why in fact they really think the opposite.
I've noticed a new strain: Englandsplaining. This (usually) takes the form of a certain stripe of English Tory setting out in detail why Scots are wrong to say they think something and why in fact they really think the opposite
A classic of the genre was provided recently by Bernard Jenkin, the MP for Harwich and North Essex, on the issue of whether the UK leaving the EU might lead to the unintended consequence of Scottish independence.
Consider: as a UK-wide poll yesterday gave Leave a six-point lead, a second survey found a majority of Scots would support independence in the event of Brexit
There used to be a jokey ‘rule' in Westminster circles that if you were struggling to come to a view on any given issue, you should find out Bernard Jenkin's position and go the other way.
The truth is that Mr Jenkin is a clever, thoughtful and pleasant man. But still, he doesn't half talk nonsense sometimes.
In an article earlier this month, he sought to allay concern that Brexit would result in the top bit of the UK toddling off to do its own thing.
‘The most important thing to understand is that the idea of another referendum in Scotland is extremely unpopular,' he wrote.
‘The 2014 referendum saw bitter division in workplaces, families, villages and communities across Scotland. The idea of opening up another Scottish political civil war is unappealing to most Scottish voters.'
Condescending
He pointed out that the SNP lost the 2014 referendum ‘for two main reasons which will loom even bigger in any second referendum: Scotland does not have its own currency, and its Government relies on a massive subsidy from England.
The structural fiscal deficit is now much worse following the collapse of the oil price.'
Not only that but the problem facing the Nationalist leadership is that ‘most of the SNP's 100,000 new members comprise the new Corbynista-type, anti-English radicals.
They think “one more heave” will rid them of the English, but Salmond and Sturgeon have wiser heads on their shoulders.
‘SNP “threats” of another referendum are not real threats but attempts to placate the anti-English rage in their own party.
'If the SNP is stupid enough to force a second Scottish independence referendum on the back of Brexit, as a Scottish businessman close to the 2014 Better Together campaign recently told me, it would make an SNP independence referendum victory all the more impossible. And privately they know that.'
I don't know who Mr Jenkin's ‘Scottish businessman' is – though I could take a stab at a few names – but I doubt the fellow spends much time in Bute House.
Further, I'm half-tempted to believe that parts of the article were drafted by SNP spin doctors: ‘massive subsidy from England', ‘anti-English radicals' and ‘anti-English rage' all come from the unreconstructed, pre-Holyrood playbook that helped ruin the Tory party's reputation in Scotland and poison the idea of the Union. In short, Bernard, shoosh.
It's not that everything Mr Jenkin says is wrong. It is true, of course, that few Scots want another independence referendum any time soon.
It is also true that the collapse of the oil price is hammering the economy and has been a catastrophe for Aberdeen and the many companies that depend upon it.
Scotland's onshore GDP grew at only 0.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2015, compared with 0.4 per cent for the UK as a whole. This doesn't include offshore North Sea activity, which would make the gap even wider.
But at the risk of ‘Scotsplaining', the problem with Mr Jenkin and his fellow Brexiteers is that they are looking through the wrong end of the telescope.
They presume – as did the Better Together campaign – that the future of the Union will be decided solely on base financial calculation: will I be better or worse off under independence?
I'm sure that was and will continue to be true for some voters but for many others the thought process was and is less binary.
Including me: my No vote was based on a cat's cradle of arguments but heavily weighted towards my belief that the UK has a continuing and important role to play on the global stage and in its major institutions.
It is certainly true that we are not what we once were but nor are we nothing.
Scotland's onshore GDP grew at only 0.1 per cent in the third quarter of 2015, compared with 0.4 per cent for the UK as a whole. This doesn't include offshore North Sea activity, which would make the gap even wider
In an era of Islamist terror and caliphate-building, as economic power shifts towards Asia and as Vladimir Putin continues to throw his bodybuilder shapes, there are perhaps no good decisions to be made – but they must still be made.
Western solidarity remains central to both our military and economic security.
A classic of the genre was provided recently by Bernard Jenkin (pictured), the MP for Harwich and North Essex, on the issue of whether the UK leaving the EU might lead to the unintended consequence of Scottish independence
So my No was never about wrapping myself in a Union flag, whatever the ‘Britnat' jibes of the cybernats, but about trying to behave responsibly and morally in a way that I thought took account of and cared about the requirements of the wider world.
How does this relate to the EU referendum?
Well, I find it hard to believe Britain's current status and influence would in any way be maintained, far less enhanced, by leaving. Rather, it would be a step towards becoming the kind of diminished, self-obsessed country I argued against in 2014.
Further, it's sobering to consider how many of those arguing for Brexit acknowledge they would continue to do so even if it meant Scotland would depart the UK – people who regard this as a price worth paying to escape the clutches of the EU.
I have friends at the more moderate end of the Leave campaign willing to accept such an outcome, and it seems unlikely this position softens as one heads towards the movement's extremities.
I can only assume they do not share my core view of what Britain should be: an engaged, realistic global power that works in concert with its geographical and ideological neighbours.
A nation that understands it owes its prominence to its unique history and that uses the levers still available to it to bring its experience and wisdom to bear.
A country that has the maturity to work from within supra-national institutions, putting in the hard yards that deliver the frustratingly slow change that inevitably comes with inter-dependency.
Diminished
I take it personally.
I didn't batter out tens of thousands of words in 2014 arguing against one set of theory-driven constitutional extremists only to accept defeat at the hands of another, especially one that gives the impression it is driven by many of the same motives, deploys similar arguments and uses the same grotesque language – yesterday, one Brexiteer even referred to pro-EU Tories as ‘Quislings'.
The Outers display a Salmond-esque ‘one bound and we're free' obsession that overrides any desire to maintain national unity. If the rest of us want to be part of it, fine; if we don't, we can get stuffed.
Further, it's sobering to consider how many of those arguing for Brexit acknowledge they would continue to do so even if it meant Scotland would depart the UK – people who regard this as a price worth paying to escape the clutches of the EU
I'm afraid Brexit would have consequences that don't neatly fit Bernard Jenkin's logical narrative.
If Scots are taken out of the EU against their will, due to an English majority, the decisions taken by voters north of the Border are unlikely to be based purely on hard economics.
The Scottish national debate has moved towards matters of accountability, control and relevance, and this would speak directly to them.
Consider: as a UK-wide poll yesterday gave Leave a six-point lead, a second survey found a majority of Scots would support independence in the event of Brexit.
We may, in effect, be about to hold an accidental English referendum on Scottish independence. They are entitled to vote as they wish, of course, but then so are we all. Let's be aware of the messages our choices send.
The ACDP said the “vainly self-named Thank You SABC concert, aimed at thanking itself, was a massive flop, a waste of public money, and demands investigating”.
The Thank You SABC Music Concert, which was held at Orlando Stadium in Soweto on 10 September, was a huge failure.
The organizers of the event were hoping to fill the 40,000 venues to capacity, but it failed miserably in its attempt.
Even the concert organizer Mzwakhe Mbuli's promise of incentives like free gifts and T-shirts did not help to save the day.
Reports about the Thank You SABC Music Concert said the event started very late, had artist no-shows, and only attracted a very small crowd.
While the SABC tried to put a positive spin on the event, the ACDP, EFF, and other commentators criticized the failed concert.
“SABC's vainly self-named #ThankYouSABC concert, aimed @ thanking itself, is a massive flop & waste of public money. It demands investigating,” the African Christian Democratic Party (ACDP) said.
“We demand an investigation into the SABC's wasteful, 95% empty #ThankYouSABC concert. Those responsible should #PayBackTheMoney,” the party added.
“Even the COPE manifesto launch pulled better numbers than #ThankYouSABC concert,” said one Twitter user.
“#ThankYouSABC is another example of how fruitless and wasteful expenditure is sanctioned by a government led by illiterate fools and pigs,” said another.
Kak swak my bru: Jack Parow
Jack Parow apologized to his fans, saying they could not get on stage to play, and after “more than an hour of trying we left”.
“No one knew what was going on and made us feel so uncomfortable and unwelcome, and basically like we shouldn't be there,” he said.
“We came all the way and trusted your word after everyone else pulled out, and you begged us to still come,” said Parow.
“We are thankful for all you do for local music #SABC , but come on. Kak swak my bru.”
More on the SABC
Motsoeneng's “lunacy” leads to Thank You SABC concert
SABC has a positive cash balance: Muthambi
There was no R18 million golden handshakes for former CEO: SABC
Ruth Jones, MCSP, PhD student Southampton University UK, and Stanford University California USA, has been conducting cutting edge research on the Pelvic Floor Muscles (PFM), also know as Mula Bandha in the context of Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga. She also happens to practice regularly at the studio where I practice so we were thrilled when she offered to contribute her latest findings! – Ed]
You will know the importance in your Yoga practice to engage your Pelvic Floor Muscles (PFM) or mula bandha, but did you know that the PFM have other functions such as contributing to spinal stability, pelvic organ support, urinary and faecal continence, sexual function and performance? What a great group of muscles to keep working well! And how do you know that you are contracting the PFM effectively when over 30% of the female population contracts incorrectly at their first attempt? We do not have the statistics for men, yet it would not be far fetched to suggest that the percentage could be higher. Or am I just biased?
Here is what I will cover with this article:
The basics of Pelvic Floor Muscle anatomy and physiology
How to correctly engage the PFM
How to incorporate it into and outside your Yoga and Pilates practice
Pelvic Floor Anatomy
It's not just all about the muscles: the Pelvic Floor is actually a complex structure made up of muscle and fascia. It can be divided into three sections: the fascia, the levator ani muscles (PFM) and the superficial sphincters/perineal muscles.
The fascia gives attachment to the PFM and surrounds the muscles and pelvic organs. Sometimes there can be a tearing of this fascia and the supporting ligaments which gives rise to Pelvic Floor disorders such as incontinence. It won't matter then if the PFM are strong and contract at the right time, someone may still have incontinence because the bladder or urethra (figure 1) is not supported in the correct anatomical position.
The levator ani is the collective name given to the PFM (figure 1 and 2) and is sometimes divided into the Pubococcygeus, Puborectalis, Pubovaginalis and Iliococcygeus. The Pubococcygeus arises from each side of the front of the pubic symphysis (midline joint), and passes around the urethra, vagina (in women) and anus to insert onto the coccyx. As you can tell from their names, the Puborectalis is the name given to those muscle fibres that loop from the pubic bone around the rectum and Pubovaginalis from the pubis around the vagina. The Iliococcygeus originates from the right or left Ilium on the pelvis and attaches to the coccyx.
The Superficial Perineal muscles are as their name suggests superficial or less deep than the levator Ani and are thought to have an important role in sexual activity. They all insert and meet at the perineal body, which is almost like a central tendon between the anus and scrotum in men and anus and vagina in women. The external anal sphincter encircles the anus, attaches in the front to the perineal body and behind to the coccyx.
The nerve supply to the Pelvic Floor is mainly through the Pudendal nerve originating from the 2nd to 4th sacral nerve roots. Have you ever noticed little girls or boys walking/bouncing on their tip toes when they want to go to the toilet? This is because the nerve supply to the calf muscles has a similar origin as the PFM, and by contracting the calf muscles, there is a reflex response of the PFM and the bladder contraction is quietened down. So if you ever find yourself caught short, go up and down on your toes vigorously and it'll give you a few minutes grace. On that note, have you ever been sitting down for a long time, for example on a car journey, get up or out of the car and are suddenly desperate to go to the loo? Again, the skin at the back of your legs has been stimulated whilst you have been sitting down, and this stops the bladder from contracting too strongly. Once you stand up, that reflex inhibition is lost! So if you don't want to be caught short gain, try contracting your PFM (see below) before you get out of the car.
The muscles of the PF have both slow (type 1) and fast (type 2) twitch muscle fibres, but since the role of the PFM is mainly to provide support over a sustained period of time, they are predominantly type 1. This is important to remember within your yoga (or Pilates) practice. Towards the end of your practice, especially if you have been contracting them too hard, they are going to be more fatigued. So if you develop awareness of these muscles, feel when they can no longer lift and hold, and perhaps call it a day with your practiceâ€¦until the next time!
Guidelines for activating the PFM
These are the guidelines I use to assist people to activate their PFM (or Mula Bandha):
Imagine your PFM as a sling that attaches from your tail bone at the back (sacrum and coccyx) to your pubic bone at the front.
Now take a breath in, and as you breathe out, gently squeeze the muscles around your back passage, as if you were trying to prevent wind (gas/flatulence) escaping.
Bring this feeling forward (remembering the muscular sling) towards your pubic bone as if you were trying to stop yourself from urinating (having a pee).
Keep holding this contraction as you imagine that you are on the ground floor of an elevator, you want to lift your PFM as if you were going to the 1st, then 2nd 3rd etc floor.
Keep breathing as normally as you can, whilst holding onto your PFM. Aim to hold for 10 seconds, before releasing your PFM.
Repeat up to 10 times, breathing normally.
Remember to release all the way back to the ground floor, as holding on too much may be as much of a problem as not being able to hold onto them at all.
Also, you may have noticed that your abdominal muscles were also engaged as you pulled in your PFM. This is perfectly normal as long as you do not tilt your pelvis or hold your breath as you do so. In yoga the abdominal muscles activating is part of the Uddiyana Bandha (the abdominal lock), and the Mula Bandha is almost always activated at the same time as that lock.
As I said earlier, many people do not activate their PFM correctly when first asked to do so. Without being examined, we cannot tell for sure whether you've got it “right”. Having said that, below are some tips to make sure that you are not activating too much of the incorrect muscle groups:
Many people bear or push down when they try to activate their PFM, as if they were straining to go to the toilet. Remember to squeeze and lift, as described above, rather than pushing down.
Keep your buttock cheeks (bottom muscles/butt), inner thigh, and leg muscles relaxed.
There should be no movement of your spine or pelvis as you engage your PF or abdominal muscles.
Timing of Contraction: It seems that the timing of contraction is as important as strength of PFM contraction. In women who do not have a Pelvic Floor Dysfunction, there is a small PFM contraction before they cough, or raise their intra abdominal pressure. It appears that this pre-contraction is lost in women who have Stress Urinary Incontinence. It maybe the case that this loss of pre-contraction is also lost in other women with prolapse of the pelvic organs, so encouraging them to also do a pre-contraction seems logical. There also seems to be a correlation between Pelvic Floor disorders and back pain, although we have a good idea why this is. So if you get back pain, or if you have noticed that your PFM are not as they used to be, whether due to childbirth, high impact sports such as trampolining, or just aging, its a good habit to contract your PFM just before you cough or sneeze, lift anything heavy, or even just bending over, as well as contracting your PFM as described above twice a day.
Tips from the clinic to bring your PFM into your Yoga practice
As I have previously said, it's not all about strength: letting go fully, timing of contraction, endurance and anatomical position of your pelvic organs are all important aspects of good PFM function. So what to do in your Yoga practice? From what we know about PFM physiology to date, these muscles are mainly designed for endurance. There is evidence that the end of a workout, these muscles are as fatigued as the rest of your body. So, if you contract them too hard, they are going to tire and it will be difficult to maintain throughout your practice, potentially leaving your spine and pelvic organs vulnerable to strain. We don't know how quickly they recover either, so just after your practice, especially if you know that you have a PFM disorder, it maybe well worth contracting your muscles before you lift or bend over, as extra protection.
Back to your practice, as a good rule of thumb, I would suggest contracting around a quarter of your maximum effort. Try this now. Contract your PFM, as detailed above, as hard as you can. Let go of that contraction by half, then by half again. You should still be able to feel the lift, but be able to breathe easily from your diaphragm. Frequently people find it hard to do both!
Over time your awareness, the endurance, coordination and strength of your PFM will improve, allowing you to work harder for longerâ€¦should you wish! Yoga is a great way to maintain and improve the health of your Pelvic Floor. Imagine looking and feeling as good on the inside as you do on the out!
Ruth Jones February 2008
Front National presidential candidate Marine Le Pen, kicking off the presidential campaign | Jeff Pachoud/AFP via Getty Images Marine Le Pen: Either the EU changes ‘or it will die' French far-right leader calls the euro a ‘political weapon.'
Political divisions in Europe aren't between left and right but "between populists and globalists," French far-right leader Marine Le Pen told the BBC in an interview to be broadcast Thursday. "I am on the side of patriotism. And many European leaders have been on the side of globalization."
The head of the National Front was speaking about her vision for the future of Europe after elections this year in France, Germany and the Netherlands and in the wake of the U.K.'s vote to leave the European Union. She was speaking to the BBC for a documentary called "After Brexit: The Battle For Europe."
Asked if leaving the eurozone, as Le Pen wants, would mean the end of the EU single currency, she said: "Maybe, and so what? The euro isn't a currency, it's a political weapon. The euro is a knife which the EU puts into the backs of the people to force them to go where they don't want to go."
Le Pen also backed a French exit from the EU — a so-called 'Frexit' — if the EU doesn't transfer powers back to Paris. "Either the EU gives French people back their territorial sovereignty, borders, control over their economy, control over their currency and the superiority of their laws, or I will say to the French people that we should leave the EU."
"Either it [the EU] radically and deeply changes, and it abandons its authoritarian character, or it will die."
Let it crumble
Also interviewed for the BBC program was Beatrix von Storch, an MEP and senior member of the far-right Alternative for Germany.
Asked if she saw her party as part of a bigger movement in Europe, Von Storch said yes. "The voices are different. But I think there's a basic line within all those parties which are now growing in several states, stating that we don't want to give up our sovereignty."
She added that if the EU "crumbles because the people want it to crumble then ... it should crumble."
Why are there so many medieval paintings of people battling large snails?
This is the top question on one of the largest and most heavily trafficked online history forums in the world, AskHistorians, which, according to its rules, seeks to “provide serious, academic-level answers” to anyone who asks a historical question. Located on the website aggregator Reddit, it is a platform that allows users to contribute content of all stripes—from videos of animals to personal stories—to be voted “up” or “down” by any of the site's users.
AskHistorians is a digital history project that is both remarkably simple and incredibly unlikely: an independent clearinghouse without traditional scholarly credentials or the backing of an academic institution that nonetheless promises trustworthy answers to good historical questions. Like Reddit itself, AskHistorians—with over 400,000 subscribers and 60,000 unique visitors a day—is a dynamic space that relies on the active participation of its users. But, unlike Reddit, which prides itself on being a meritocratic online space where all content is created equal until voted up or down, AskHistorians is heavily moderated by a team of dedicated volunteers who enforce strict standards of scholarly rigor and civility.
Four of these moderators, along with Monash University's Margaret Harris, led a session on AskHistorians at this year's annual meeting, called “‘AskHistorians': Outreach and Its Challenges in an Online Space.” The session used AskHistorians as a case study to think about what it takes to sustain an open learning community and a culture of curiosity on the Internet, where an unwritten rule is “Don't read the comments.” “The Internet levels the playing field even when it shouldn't,” Harris said. “Internet spaces make holding authority difficult.” In other words, when everyone is given an equal space to speak, how do we decide who to listen to?
Because users are identified only by a chosen username, AskHistorians has had to develop internal standards of expertise. A user can become a certified specialist or a “flaired” user (identified by a colored banner listing a particular area of expertise next to the name) not on the basis of academic qualifications, but on the quality of their answers to three questions posed on the forum. The moderators, who have themselves gone through this process of internal accreditation, judge the answers against a set of straightforward criteria. Good answers must be in-depth, grounded in legitimate sources, and fully contextualized. Answers by flaired users on AskHistorians are frequently the length of standard undergraduate essays and include links to sources of supplementary information.
But it's not only the flaired users who participate in AskHistorians. As panelist Chris Das Neves explained, the moderators have to “set and actively enforce a strict set of rules” in order to keep the forum from “devolving into chaos.” Some of these rules include bans on discussions of politics from the last 20 years, personal anecdotes, jokes, political agendas or moralizing, plagiarism, hostility or rudeness, and bigoted language. In addition, certain types of questions are not tolerated, including “poll” questions that prompt answers to questions like “Who was the best general in history?” and questions that contain implicit assumptions or biases.
Determining when questions or answers violate this set of rules is not always straightforward, and the moderators rely on one another to settle the disputes that inevitably arise. Further, rules are never finalized, and the moderators routinely set aside space on the site to explain their rationale and allow users to weigh in. Harris explained that by giving users both “access to information and control over the process of finding it,” AskHistorians has found a solution to the fundamental problem of authority in an online community grounded in the encouragement of curiosity.
What is perhaps most remarkable about AskHistorians to a scholar who works within traditional academic spaces is that the credibility a user might accrue cannot extend beyond the site's invisible walls. Your AskHistorians expertise badge won't translate anywhere else. The would-be scholars on the forum (some of whom are in fact scholars, but many just enthusiastic history buffs) offer their expertise outside the academy because they would prefer to flex their intellectual muscle without the attendant obligations and expectations of a traditional academic career. In fact, Ask­Historians is an appealing space for many because it avoids the traditional gatekeepers to an academic environment. According to Das Neves, “Simply because we are perceived as a product of the Internet engaged with academia, rather than the other way around,” AskHistorians is considered a comfortable space for people who might be wary of traditional academic venues.
AskHistorians is, in effect, a training ground for historical thinking facilitated by the moderators and experts. When you ask a question that is poorly framed or violates one of the site's rules, you are often prompted by a moderator to ask it in a different way. If you apply to become a flaired user by sending the moderators three of your answers, they provide feedback. The discussions that take place below a question teach crucial lessons: how history is researched, how historiography develops and changes over time, and, most importantly, how answering historical questions well requires more than getting the facts right.
In a moment when digital history is increasingly prominent and when knowledge is disseminated via slick websites and digital programs, it is important to remember that the historical legwork—research, debate among scholars, refinement of arguments, and so on—can be scrubbed out to ensure a clear result, unintentionally perpetuating the sense that the answers and conclusions historians come to are inevitable. Instead, AskHistorians is the rare digital project that captures the process as well as the result of asking historical questions.
Although people all over the world access AskHistorians, its users, like those of Reddit, are mostly men between the ages of 18 and 35 from the United States. Because the flaired users are drawn from this base, there are few with expertise in such areas as gender and women's history or the histories of non-Western regions. Similarly, because users' interests drive the forum's content, as Harris put it, AskHistorians “probably has the largest collection of random information about Hitler on the Internet.” Furthermore, Reddit's format allows popular topics to be up-voted to the detriment of those that users are less interested in engaging with. Harris explained that this system may “punish subaltern members of the audience not just by silencing their answers but by discouraging them from asking the questions that might have those unpopular answers.”
It is an ongoing process, but Danielle Ciccone and her fellow moderators are committed to enacting active “practices of inclusion” that they hope will move the community toward greater diversity without becoming prescriptive. To achieve this, the moderators not only have to disrupt problematic user activity but also encourage and facilitate discussions in underrepresented areas by recruiting new experts and intervening more on the level of content. They have to perform the dual roles of disciplinarians and facilitators, working to simultaneously combat and encourage the principle of heterodoxy that makes the Internet both a dangerous and a groundbreaking space for historical education. For Ciccone, it is precisely because of the “revolutionary” capacity of AskHistorians that the caretakers of the site have a responsibility “to open up the process of history to a wide audience.”
So why are there so many medieval paintings of people battling large snails? The answer, like most historical answers, is complicated and contested. You can find it on AskHistorians.
Sadie Bergen is editorial assistant in the AHA's publications department.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License. Attribution must provide author name, article title, Perspectives on History, date of publication, and a link to this page. This license applies only to the article, not to text or images used here by permission.
The American Historical Association welcomes comments in the discussion area below, at AHA Communities, and in letters to the editor. Please read our commenting and letters policy before submitting.
Why is the science community so opposed to creationism?
Question: "Why is the science community so opposed to creationism?"
Answer: It is important to distinguish between the terms "science" and "scientific community." Science is a discipline concerned with observing, experimenting with, and explaining phenomena. The scientific community is composed of the living human persons who participate in this discipline. The distinction is important, because there is no logical contradiction between science and creationism. Science is a generic term for a type of study, while creationism is a philosophy applied to the interpretation of facts. The scientific community, as it exists today, holds naturalism as the preferred philosophy, but there is no overt reason why naturalism should be preferred by science over creationism.
In general, there is a perception that creationism is "unscientific." This is partly true, in the sense that creationism entails certain assumptions that cannot be tested, proven, or falsified. However, naturalism is in exactly the same predicament, as an untestable, unprovable, non-falsifiable philosophy. The facts discovered in scientific research are only that: facts. Facts and interpretations are two different things. The current scientific community rejects, in general, the concepts of creationism, and so they define it as "unscientific." This is highly ironic, given the scientific community's preference for an interpretive philosophy—naturalism—that is just as "unscientific" as creationism.
There are many reasons for this tendency towards naturalism in science. Creationism involves the intervention of a supernatural being, and science is primarily concerned with tangible and physical things. For this reason, some in the scientific community fear that creationism will lead to a "God of the Gaps" dilemma, where scientific questions are shrugged off by the explanation, "God did it." Experience has shown that this is not the case. Some of the greatest names in scientific history were staunch creationists. Their belief in God inspired them to ask, "How did God do it?" Among these names are Pascal, Maxwell, and Kelvin. On the other hand, an unreasonable commitment to naturalism can degrade scientific discovery. A naturalistic framework requires a scientist to ignore results that do not fit the established paradigm. That is, when new data does not correlate to the naturalistic view, it is assumed to be invalid and discarded.
There are distinct religious overtones to creationism. Science is only as objective as those who participate in it, and those persons are just as subject to bias as in any other field. There are those who reject creationism in favor of naturalism purely for personal "moral" reasons. In fact, this number is probably much higher than would be admitted to. Most people who reject the concepts of God do so primarily because they disagree with some perceived restriction or unfairness, despite claims to the contrary, and this is as true for those in lab coats as those in coveralls.
In the same way, an unfriendly attitude in the scientific community has had its impact on the perception of creationism. Science has benefited from creationist contributors for centuries; yet today the scientific community, at large, takes a hostile and condescending attitude towards anyone who doesn't take a naturalistic perspective. This open hostility towards creationist views, and religion in general, creates a strong incentive for persons with those views to avoid scientific study. Those who do often feel compelled to remain silent for fear of ridicule. In this way, the scientific community has degraded and "pushed out" a segment of the population, and then has the audacity to claim that a lowered percentage of creationists in their ranks is evidence of naturalism's superior scientific merit.
There are also political reasons for the scientific community's hostility towards creationism and religion in general. Christianity, more so than any other religious system, places immense value on every individual human life. This causes tensions with the scientific community when that concern for life gets in the way of some type of scientific process. Christian values tend to act as a brake on experiments or positions that cause harm to people, or that destroy or damage human life. Examples include embryonic stem cell research, abortion, and euthanasia. In other cases, Christian values butt heads with secular ones when science promotes certain sinful activities by making them easier. While naturalistic scientists may see this as an unnecessary hindrance, they should consider what happens when scientific research is conducted with no regard for morality or conscience. Echoing this idea was actor Jeff Goldblum's character in the movie Jurassic Park. He stated, "Your scientists were so preoccupied with whether or not they could, they didn't stop to think if they should."
There is also a level of competition between the scientific community and the religious community over power, producing additional tensions between science and creationism. As even some leading skeptic scientists have admitted, there is a tendency for the scientific community to position itself, even subconsciously, as a priesthood. This secular priesthood has the wondrous and elite knowledge that the laymen need for salvation, and cannot be questioned by any outsiders. In plain terms, religiously tinged ideas, such as creationism, impinge on the scientific community's claim to superior knowledge of the universe.
While there may be many reasons for tension between the scientific community and creationism, there are plenty of reasons why they should be able to coexist peacefully. There are no logically valid reasons to reject creationism in favor of naturalism, as the scientific community has done. Creationism does not inhibit discovery, as evidenced by the titans of science who believed strongly in it. The derisive attitude spewed at creationists has diminished the number of capable and willing minds in many fields. Creationism has much to offer science and the scientific community. The God who made the universe revealed Himself through it (Psalm 19:1); the more we know about His creation, the more glory He receives!
There are a host of free, easy-to-use apps and programs that can help protect your privacy online, and if everybody uses them it can provide a sort of "herd immunity" said Edward Snowden in a live video chat from Russia on Wednesday.
Snowden appeared via teleconference in an event hosted by Ryerson University and Canadian Journalists For Expression, to launch the CJFE's online database that compiles all of the publicly released classified documents the former U.S. National Security Agency contractor leaked. In response to a Twitter question,Snowden expanded on what tools he recommends for privacy.
"I hardly touch communications for anything that could be considered sensitive just because it's extremely risky," said Snowden.
But Snowden did go on to outline a few free programs that can help protect your privacy.
"You need to ensure your communications are protected in transit," said Snowden. "It's this sort of transit interceptions that are the cheapest, that are the easiest, and they scale the best."
Snowden recommended using programs and apps that provide end-to-end encryption for users, which means the computer on each end of the transaction can access the data, but not any device in between, and the information isn't stored unencrypted on a third-party server.
​"SpiderOak doesn't have the encryption key to see what you've uploaded," said Snowden, who recommends using it instead of a file-sharing program like Dropbox. "You don't have to worry about them selling your information to third parties, you don't have to worry about them providing that information to governments."
"For the iPhone, there's a program called Signal, by Open Whisper Systems, it's very good," said Snowden.
He also recommended RedPhone, which allows Android users to make encrypted phone calls, and TextSecure, a private messenging app by Open Whisper Systems.
"I wouldn't trust your lives with any of these things, they don't protect you from metadata association but they do strongly protect your content from precisely this type of in-transit interception," said Snowden.
He emphasized that encryption is for everyone, not just people with extremely sensitive information.
"The more you do this, the more you get your friends, your family, your associates to adopt these free and easy-to-use technologies, the less stigma is associated with people who are using encrypted communications who really need them," said Snowden. "We're creating a kind of herd immunity that helps protect everybody, everywhere."
It's been a hell of a couple of months for women on TV. Queer female characters have been getting killed off at an alarming rate, which spawned a fandom revolution and raised a lot of money for a great cause. Wonderful, rich characters like Abbie on Sleepy Hollow have been fridged to further the stories of their male counterparts. Frankly, it's been really depressing to be a TV fan as of late.
However, there is a beacon of hope, my dear friends, and she's got a chip on her shoulder and a big ol' gun to match it. If there was ever a time we needed Wynonna Earp to strut into town—in her self-titled TV show—it's now.
Based on a comic book by Beau Smith, this television adaptation is helmed by producer/showrunner Emily Andras (Lost Girl, Killjoys) and kicked off this month on Syfy.
Melanie Scrofano stars as the title character, who happens to be a descendent of Wyatt Earp, one of the most well-known figures of the American Wild West. Wynonna is a hard-drinking, law-breaking badass who finds herself inheriting some special powers on her 27th birthday. When she returns to her hometown of Purgatory to attend her uncle's funeral, she becomes embroiled in a supernatural and familial fight to the death. With Wyatt's trusty gun, she must eliminate 77 undead baddies with a taste for human flesh, whose main goal is to destroy the Earp family and escape Purgatory once and for all. Good thing Wynonna isn't alone in her fight. Her sister, Waverly (the perfectly cast Dominique Provost-Chalkley), is the pluckiest pluck to ever pluck and pretty good with a rifle herself.
So is Agent Xavier Dolls (Shamier Anderson), who is part of a cross-border supernatural task force (say that 3 times fast) trying to stop the Revenants (the baddies) from escaping Purgatory and unleashing hell on Earth. No big.
There is another major player who will try to derail the Earps and their mission, and that's Doc Holliday (Tim Rozon). He also happens to be Wyatt Earp's one-time best friend. He's not a Revenant, so we aren't quite sure why Doc has showed up 100 years after his own death, but you can bet your bottom dollar it's going to be good.
Wynonna Earp is still getting its footing, but at only two episodes in, it's showing great promise. Having two compelling leading ladies sure doesn't hurt. It's also super queer. In last week's episode, Waverly met cute with Officer Nicole Haught (Katherine Barrell) and sparks flew like crazy.
The writing on Wynonna Earp is quick and witty, and with such a dismal 2016 so far for female characters, the show is a breath of fresh air right when we needed it most. We will continue our Wynonna Earp coverage with weekly recaps of the upcoming episodes plus interviews and other goodies. So, here's to Canadian cowgirls in leather jackets, battling the undead. You got here just in time, Wynonna.
(images via Syfy)
Dana Piccoli is a pop culture critic and entertainment writer who lives in New York's Hudson Valley. She's a current writer and former Staff Editor of AfterEllen, and covers The 100 for Alloy Entertainment. She's also written for Curve Magazine, Go Magazine, PopWrapped, and . She's currently writing a lesbian romance novel she's hoping you will read one day soon. You can follow her on Twitter and Tumblr.
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Follow The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, & Google+.
A leading South Carolina conservative and Tea Party champion, State Senator Tom Davis, will endorse Ron Paul Sunday, a South Carolina Republican consultant close to Davis told BuzzFeed.
Davis, former Governor Mark Sanford's former chief-of-staff, has been a vocal critic of government action and of economic development spending backed by other politicians of both parties.
“Senator Tom Davis' fiscal conservative credentials are outstanding,” South Caroline GOP executive director Matt Moore told the leading state political website, FITSNews, recently. “Any candidate would do well to gain his endorsement.”
Indeed, he was courted by all the leading Republican campaigns.
Davis recently hinted at the coming endorsement, writing on Facebook that he would back "the one candidate in the race for president who has consistently stood for taxpayers."
Davis offers the kind of mainstream conservative support that the Paul campaign, viewed by some as fringe, has worked to amass, and the move marks another step toward the mainstream for the Paul movement.
"I've heard it's true and I hope its true," said Will Folks, founding editor of FITSNews, in an email. "Tom Davis is the gold standard for fiscal conservatives in South Carolina."
Microsoft already sells Surface devices in two sizes — 10 and 12 inches. Later this year, the Surface is going big. Really, really big.
Targeted primarily at business users, Microsoft will offer the Surface Hub in two sizes: 55 inches and 84 inches. In many ways, they really are just scaled-up versions of the Surface Pro. They have touchscreens and support pen input just like their siblings, but while the Surface Pro is built to let workers and teams get things done when they're off on their own, the Surface Hub is all about letting them be more productive when they work together.
Those massive touchscreens support a mind-boggling 100 touch points. They also come with not one, but two pens, and they're rechargeable. As long as folks remember to dock them after use, they'll never run out of juice in the middle of a critical brainstorming session in the boardroom.
The Surface Hub also features dual cameras, so it can capture everyone in the room during videoconferencing sessions. It has NFC support, presumably so you can do things like tap to upload documents and images from your Windows Phone.
So, what kind of apps do you run on a screen this large? The same ones you'll be running on your Windows 10 phone, tablet, laptop, or desktop. Universal Apps will scale up just fine, according to Microsoft.
Microsoft hasn't announced pricing for the Surface Hub yet, but you can bet they won't be priced for consumers — which makes perfect sense since they're not meant for home use. They're aimed at vertical markets that aren't afraid to spend money on high-tech equipment. A similar device that you can buy right now — the 57-inch InFocus BigTouch — sells for around $5,000. The 70-inch model goes for $3,000 more. The Surface Hubs may carry similar price tags when they arrive later this year, but we'll just have to wait and see.
And yes, we find it funny that the original Surface was a giant touchscreen table that was eventually shrunk down to tablet size, and now that smaller tablet is being blown back up for this Surface Hub.
Sept 19 (Reuters) - A U.S. federal judge in Texas ordered Bitcoin Savings and Trust and its owner to pay a combined $40.7 million after the Securities and Exchange Commission established that the company, which sold investments using the virtual currency, was a Ponzi scheme.
In a decision dated Thursday, U.S. Magistrate Judge Amos Mazzant said Trendon Shavers “knowingly and intentionally” operated his company “as a sham and a Ponzi scheme,” misleading investors about the use of their bitcoin, how he would generate promised returns and the safety of their investments.
Shavers, of McKinney, Texas, did not immediately respond on Friday to a request for comment. His ability to pay the judgment is unclear.
Shavers' lawyer withdrew from the civil case this week, court records show.
The SEC said Shavers used the online moniker “pirateat40” to raise more than 732,000 bitcoin from February 2011 to August 2012, promising investors up to 7 percent in weekly interest to be paid based on his ability to trade the currency.
But according to the decision, Shavers used new bitcoin to repay earlier investors, diverted some to personal accounts at the now-bankrupt Mt. Gox exchange and elsewhere, and spent some investor funds on rent, food, shopping and casino visits.
“The collective loss to BTCST investors who suffered net losses (there were also net winners) was 265,678 bitcoins, or more than $149 million at current exchange rates,” wrote Mazzant, who sits in Sherman, Texas.
Mazzant held Shavers and his company liable to give up $38.6 million of illegal profits plus $1.8 million in interest. Each defendant was also fined $150,000.
The SEC announced the case on July 23, 2013, the same day it warned investors to be on alert for potential scams involving bitcoin and other “cutting-edge” investments.
The case is SEC v. Shavers et al, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Texas, No. 13-00416. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York, editing by G Crosse)
By
This summer marks five years since the U.S. real estate bubble popped. The ensuing recession was deeper than any since WWII, and full recovery remains slow, fragile and incomplete. Throughout the crisis and recovery, numerous central banks were forced to pursue unconventional monetary policies, including quantitative easing (QE). Understanding how QE affects long-term interest rates is crucial for assessing its long-run viability as an effective monetary policy instrument.
Why Was This Policy Necessary?
The primary policy instrument of most central banks is the overnight interbank interest rate, the rate at which banks lend money to one another. For the U.S., this is the federal funds rate, for which the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) of the Federal Reserve System sets a target. When slack emerges in the economy, the FOMC usually cuts the target for the fed funds rate in order to stimulate lending, investment and consumption. But the FOMC cannot move this rate lower than zero percent: At a negative interest rate, banks get a higher return from stashing cash under their mattress than from lending it. Hence, conventional monetary policy ran out of tools in December 2008, when the target for the fed funds rate was set at a range of 0-0.25 percent.
Concerned that deflationary expectations and sharp contractions in credit would stifle recovery, and with short-term policy rates already at zero, the FOMC chose to pursue unconventional monetary policy.
What Is QE?
Traditionally speaking, QE is when a central bank goes from targeting interest rates to targeting the amount of excess reserves held by banks, i.e., the quantity of currency in the banking system. Central banks do this by buying financial assets in exchange for reserves. Conventional monetary policy also requires buying and selling assets, namely short-term debt, to influence the desired interest rate, but the difference with QE is that the level of purchases—and not the interest rate—becomes the target.
In November 2008, the Fed announced that it would buy the debt of government-sponsored enterprises (GSEs), such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, as well as the mortgage-backed securities (MBS) that these enterprises sponsored. The goals were to lower borrowing costs and to directly ease credit conditions in the housing market. In March 2009, the Fed committed to buying additional GSE debt and MBS, as well as longer-term U.S. Treasury bonds. These purchases, known collectively as QE1, or the first large-scale asset purchase program (LSAP), accounted for roughly 22 percent of the market for such assets. The Fed announced additional purchases of longer-term Treasuries in November 2010 and September 2011 as part of QE2 and Operation Twist, respectively. The goal was to further support economic recovery and to anchor inflation expectations at levels that the FOMC viewed as consistent with its dual mandate (price stability and maximum sustainable employment).
How Does QE Work?
Most economists agree that the interest rate that matters for stimulating investment and consumption is the medium- to long-term expected real interest rate. Medium- to long-term expected real interest rates are a function of three components: average expected overnight interest rates, a term and/or risk premium, and expected inflation. All else equal, the expected return from buying a U.S. Treasury or other bond must equal the expected average overnight interest rate over the lifetime of the bond; otherwise, the investor would be better off rolling over daily loans. But since all else is not equal, the investor also demands premiums for holding the risk that the value of the bond will decrease due to unexpectedly high interest rates (the term premium) and for holding the risk that the bond issuer will default (default risk premium). Finally, since investors are ultimately not concerned with the dollars that their investment will yield but only with the quantity of goods that those dollars will buy, the expected real return on the bond subtracts expected inflation.
QE does not directly impact future short-term rates, but it may signal to markets that economic conditions are worse than previously thought and that, as a result, low short-term rates will be warranted for longer than expected. Moreover, the central bank can use QE to signal its commitment to hold interest rates down for longer than previously believed or to meet a stated inflation rate target. Effects on future short-term rate expectations are generally referred to as the signaling channel.
QE may also directly impact term and/or risk premiums. If investors demand a premium for holding 10-year Treasuries over five-year Treasuries, then this premium should depend in part on the relative supplies of 10-year and five-year Treasuries. If the Fed purchases 10-year Treasuries, removing them from the market, investors should require a smaller premium to hold the reduced quantity of 10-year Treasuries in their portfolio. Effects on premiums, or relative asset prices, are referred to as the portfolio balance channel. Note that influencing relative asset prices, e.g., long-term rates versus short-term rates, depends crucially on imperfect asset substitutability. If investors are indifferent between five-year and 10-year Treasuries, then their yields will remain identical regardless of relative supplies.
Figure 1 Expected Inflation Figure 2 Average Expected Overnight Rate Figure 3 Term Premium
So, by which of these channels, if any, did QE1 affect long-term real interest rates? The figure shows annual expected inflation rates, annual average expected overnight rates and annual term premiums up to 10 years into the future. Pre-LSAP levels were measured on Nov. 24, 2008, the day prior to the first LSAP announcement. Post-LSAP levels were derived by subtracting from the pre-LSAP levels the estimated LSAP effect. For example, investors on Nov. 24, 2008, expected that in the sixth year out (i.e., 2014) the annual inflation rate would be 1 percent and the average overnight interest rate would be 3.75 percent, and they demanded a 1 percent return premium (or a 4.75 percent return) to extend a one-year loan from Nov. 24, 2013, to Nov. 24, 2014.
The figure indicates that most of the effect on long-term yields was achieved by lowering term premiums. At 10 years out, the expected future overnight interest rate was only marginally lower than before, but the term premium for holding interest rate risk from years nine to 10 (or Nov. 24, 2017, to Nov. 24, 2018) was nearly 75 basis points lower. The effects on expected inflation are mixed and more difficult to interpret.
What Is the Lesson?
Work by researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Bank of England confirms the interpretation of the figure: Lower term premiums accounted for up to 70 percent of U.S. and U.K. QE effects on long-term interest rates. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis research adds more support for portfolio rebalancing by noting that, in addition to affecting domestic rates, U.S. large-scale asset purchases also significantly lowered foreign long-term interest rates. And while researchers at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco prefer a different term-structure model for decomposing bond yields, they still obtain a point estimate that the portfolio balance channel accounted for half of the LSAP's effects.
The major lesson learned is that financial frictions, e.g., imperfect asset substitutability, provide a meaningful avenue for monetary policy to influence long-term real interest rates, regardless of the short-term interest rate target.
Brett Fawley is a senior research associate at the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
Endnotes
References
Bauer, Michael; and Rudebusch, Glenn. "Signals from Unconventional Monetary Policy." Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco Economic Letter, November 2011.
Gagnon, Joseph; Raskin, Matthew; Remache, Julie; and Sack, Brian. "Large-Scale Asset Purchases by the Federal Reserve: Did They Work?" Federal Reserve Bank of New York Economic Policy Review, May 2011, Vol. 17 No. 1, pp. 41-59.
Joyce, Michael; Lasaosa, Ana; Stevens, Ibrahim; and Tong, Matthew. "The Financial Market Impact of Quantitative Easing." Bank of England Working Paper No. 393, August 2010.
Kim, Don H.; and Wright, Jonathan H. "An Arbitrage-Free Three-Factor Term Structure Model and the Recent Behavior of Long-Term Yields and Distant-Horizon Forward Rates." Federal Reserve Board Working Paper 2005-33, August 2005.
Neely, Christopher. "The Large-Scale Asset Purchases Had Large International Effects." Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Working Paper 2010-018D, April 2012.
As reported, this Monday, November 14 PBS will premiere Soundbreaking: Stories From The Cutting Edge Of Recorded Music, an eight-part series created with the help of late legendary producer Sir George Martin prior to his death earlier this year. Pitchfork has shared a clip from the first episode featuring Justin Vernon and Annie Clark.
Vernon discusses his process recording his breakthrough Bon Iver album For Emma, Forever Ago. He details his affinity for Pro Tools and how he uses the program like an instrument. Clark makes a cameo to talk about her early bedroom recordings made on a computer as she developed the music that became St. Vincent. Watch the pair of artists discuss their processes in the video below:
Soundbreaking will broadcast on PBS stations weeknights from November 14 – 23 at 10 p.m.ET/9 p.m. CT. Watch a clip of Stevie Wonder from episode four Going Electrics which airs on Thursday, November 17:
Here's a rundown of the eight episodes:
Lockheed Martin opened the doors of its Littleton facility for an exclusive peek at weather satellite GOES-S, before the Saturday launch of GOES-R.
NASA will launch the first of a four-part series of weather forecasting satellites Saturday, Nov. 19.
The new installment, eight years in the making, will bring weather forecasting out of the 1980s and into the future. To celebrate, Lockheed Martin opened their Denver clean room to give an inside look at the new generation of weather satellite.
The first satellite to launch will be the GOES-R, or Geostationary Operational Environmental Satellite-R series. It marks the 16th in a series of weather satellites, dating back to 1975 with the first of the series, GOES-1.
The GOES-R and its three sister satellites, GOES-S, GOES-T and GOES-U, have three times the amount of channels, four times the resolution and will scan five times faster than the existing weather satellites.
“It's pretty much been black and white images of clouds since the 1970s,” said Greg Mandt, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) GOES-R Program Director. He said the series will bring a change akin to the shift from black-and-white television to HD TV.
Satellites, in general, have a five-year design life. So while these updates are innovative, they come from updates in technology put in place as older satellites retire over time.
GOES-R's cutting instruments will provide full earth scans every 15 minutes, according to Goes-R Vice President and program manager Larry Gasparrini. And the most noticeable change will impact extreme weather monitoring. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Agency (NOAA) will be able to provide images of extreme weather development to local forecasters every 30 seconds, which makes for a close to real-time time lapse.
Add to that local monitoring, and you've got a pretty good shot at predicting severe weather for the more than 300 million in the U.S. who rely on NOAA's forecasting data.
“The purpose of the GOES-R is to protect life and property,” Gasparrini said.
In honor of the GOES-R launch, Lockheed Martin gave a behind the scenes peek at sister satellite GOES-S, which will soon be shipped out from Littleton to begin testing for its 2018 launch.
GOES-R and GOES-S will both operate concurrently in orbit. GOES-T, which is under construction, will launch in 2019 and will function as an in-orbit spare. GOES-U's components are being assembled. It takes about two years to build a GOES satellite. Once completed, GOES-U will act as a spare satellite on the ground, should anything happen to a satellite in orbit.
All components are shipped to Lockheed Martin's Littleton facility, where they are assembled on-site. Once assembly and testing are completed, the satellites are moved to Cape Canaveral.
At the moment, the GOES-S is being kept in a positive pressure “clean room,” in an air locked garage. Air flows from the ceiling to vents in the floor and workers are required to wear sterile suits during shifts.
These whimsical outfits, familiar to any space nerd, prevent particulates from escaping and contaminating the satellite's equipment. According to program manager Laird Kantruss, even eyelashes or fingerprints can interfere with the functionality of GOES-S's telescopes and imagers.
“The instruments themselves, they're cameras basically. Just dirt itself could damage or short something out, because in general this is an optical class of spacecraft,” he said.
“The way they're dressed–they have gloves on, you cant even have finger prints because the oils will deposit themselves on various surfaces,” Kantruss explained. “What happens when you dirty your camera lens? Same thing.”
While their jobs are intensive, the various technicians and engineers who work in Lockheed Martin's clean room do find time for some fun.
GOES-R is scheduled to launch Saturday, Nov. 19, at 5:42 p.m. EST. Stream it live on NASA TV.
Multimedia business & healthcare reporter Chloe Aiello can be reached via email at caiello@denverite.com or twitter.com/chlobo_ilo.
Subscribe to Denverite's newsletter here.
Teicher, a self-proclaimed nonjock, said: “There's a lot of emotional overlap between what we're trying to do as filmmakers and what she's trying to do as an athlete. It's uncomfortable and challenging.”
Pappas, in her slightly skewed perspective, sees herself as, well, a certain tuber primed for consumption.
“I've always thought of myself as a potato, where you start out as this thing,” she said. “You can't eat a raw potato, but you are a bundle of potential. You can become any number of things — breakfast, lunch, dinner. Potatoes can be fancy next to a prime rib or mashed, or you could be fries next to a humble hamburger. I feel excited now because the running and filmmaking are what my potato self is becoming.”
Teicher laughed. “Your potato self?” he said.
“Yeah,” she said. “The other thing about potatoes: They don't rot the way other food does. They don't decompose. They grow eyes and ask you to make them into something. I've wanted to become something, and it's always with bright eyes and not fear.”
But Pappas acknowledges a certain amount of, if not fear, then excited trepidation for the immediate future. She will spend most of the summer — when not in Los Angeles for the film festival — doing high-altitude training with the Greek Olympic track team in Font Romeu, on the border of France and Spain; competing in the European Championships; and then returning to Mammoth, Calif., for more altitude training with her mentor, Deena Kastor, before heading to Rio de Janeiro in August for the Olympics.
“This might open up a whole new world for me and my running scope,” Pappas said. “I'm officially on the team, and I'm now the national record holder in the 10K, after my time at Stanford. There's already been a bunch of articles about me in Greece. It's very exciting.”
Did those articles mention the bun?
Hard to tell, she said. The language barrier and all.
“My mission,” she said, “is to be conversant by summer so I can hang out with my new teammates.”
Death Star DLC
The Death Star Digital Expansion offers weaponry with destructive power and tactical surprises that give you an edge over your opponent. With the Death Star battle station in mind, we sought out weaponry that reflect the Empire's technological supremacy, as well as offering some reverence to the iconic characters of the Star Wars™ galaxy.
New Weapons Features
Secondary Fire
Star Wars™ Battlefront adds the TL-50 Heavy Repeater and K-16 Bryar Pistol to the blaster arsenal in Death Star. Keen fans might recognize these blasters as a nod to the classic Star Wars video game series, Jedi Knight. The two new primary blasters come with a twist where the zoom function is replaced with a Secondary Fire mode. When holding down the zoom button, the weapon will start charging. Once it's ready ready, pressing the fire button will deliver its destructive blast. Firing the Secondary Fire will immediately overheat the weapon and it must be cooled before you can charge up another blast.
Note: Weapon Modifier Star Cards (Charged cards) such as Explosive Shot will only modify the weapon's primary fire. The complex power distribution requires Secondary Fire to be disabled while a modifier is active.
New Blasters
TL-50 Heavy Repeater
Not only is the Heavy Repeater capable of sending a storm of bolts from its triple barrels, it also gathers its energy into a devastating concussion blast.
Alfi told Birtwell ‘f*** off gay boy' (Picture: SWNS)
A man washed a boy's mouth out with soap after seeing him kick an old man's walking stick and then swear, a court heard.
Rian Birtwell, 23, was walking in a park near his home when he saw six-year-old Alfi Cook kick an elderly man's cane and told him to stop.
But when Alfi told Birtwell to ‘f*** off' and called him a ‘gay boy', Birtwell walked to a nearby shop, bought some soap, returned, pinned the boy down, and stuck it in his mouth.
‘He [Rian] fully accepts in hindsight that that was not the best way to react,' said Jason Smith, mitigating.
‘All Rian was trying to do was teach the little boy some manners. Unfortunately, manners are in short supply nowadays.'
MORE: Kim Jong-Un forces North Korean officials to wear badges…with his face on them
Birtwell was trying to ‘teach Alfi some manners' Mr Smith said (Picture: SWNS)
Birtwell, of Washington, Sunderland, pleaded guilty to assault at Sunderland Magistrates' Court. He was given a 12-month conditional discharge and ordered to pay £85 court costs and a £15 victim surcharge.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Peter Bradley, director of anti-bullying organisation Kidscape, said both the boy and Birtwell could learn a lesson from the incident.
‘I think the main message that people should take from this case is that adults are adults and they should act appropriately when dealing with children,' he told The Telegraph.
‘If a child is acting in the wrong manner then it has to be dealt with in the appropriate ways.'
MORE: Lightbulb company asks customer to send them video of his complaint…
A DESPERATE man, whose urgent operation was cancelled twice, designed his own tools to perform surgery on himself.
Graham Smith, an engineer from Lancashire in England, admitted it was a reckless move, but that he had become desperate after being in so much pain and discovering he had septicaemia, reports The Sun.
He had first undergone bowel surgery 15 years ago and a suture was left in his abdomen.
He brought it to the attention of Aintree Hospital in Liverpool, where the original surgery took place, in 2011 after he noticed part of the stitches poking through his skin.
“I knew what I was doing was probably slightly reckless to say the least but I felt I had no choice,” he told the BBC of his choice to take matter into his own hands.
“I saw a very, very helpful doctor at the A&E [Accident & Emergency Department], he saw it, he said that's nylon line from stitch nylon, you've got septicaemia. Foolhardy possibly — I'd rather have died trying than died of septicaemia.”
After the doctor at A&E gave him penicillin and told him to book an urgent appointment with his surgeon, Mr Smith was unable to get an appointment.
He adapted tools, including pliers usually used for jewellery making and dentistry tools, in order to unpick the knot of the nylon cord.
He said he had not made the decision lightly but did not want to die while on a waiting list.
Of the procedure itself, he said: “There was a bit of blood and it stung a bit but I was confident in what I was doing.”
He said he had to work hard to carefully undo 12 very tight knots, and now feels like “a new man”.
Aintree Hospital told the BBC in a statement Graham had been told he could have an appointment on Monday, and that he would now be contacted about his care.
A spokesman for the Royal College of Surgeons said they would “strongly advise” against people performing surgery on themselves.
This story originally appeared in The Sun.
Your bra? Your BFF (aka Best Fit Forever). We name our bras after girls because they support you like the best breast friend. And they come in so many options because friends— like undergarments —come in all shapes and sizes, too. From demi to full coverage, push up and plunge to lightly lined, bralettes to sports bras, this is true bra bliss. And with free returns on bras, we've got your girls covered!
Let's start with cups. Do you want padding and lift with push up and plunge? Or light support for your natural shape with lightly lined? We have a ton of options in both shapes. Next, think about coverage. A demi cup bra is your go-to for a more revealing shape, or try a balconette for an even sexier look. And a full coverage bra does just that—supports the girls from top to bottom.
Straps are important, too! Our racerback bras stay hidden under tanks, and most of our bras come with j-hooks that convert normal straps to racerback. For trickier outfits like halter tops, our strapless and multi-way bras are up to the underwear challenge, providing endless options for strap positioning. And if your bra is still peeking through, we have a full lingerie line of backless bras to hide it away, including strap converters, u plunge bras, adjustable low back straps and more.
For the days when you want to keep it simple and take the softest route, our bralettes and sports bras do the trick. In padded, low impact, strappy, seamless and more, our sports bras support the girls while you're sweating it out. And when it comes to bralettes, we're obsessed! In the sweetest lace, the cutest styles and every shade you love, our bralettes are the prettiest intimates of them all. Layer them under cozy sweaters or let them peek through low back t-shirts. Get free shipping and free returns on all bras today!
Start shopping, girls!
General Motors took a big step toward its reinvention as the "New G.M." today when it opened what it calls the largest automotive battery laboratory in the United States, a move the struggling company believes will hasten the development of electric vehicles.
GM invested $25 million in the 33,000-square-foot Global Battery Systems Lab to develop and test the drivetrains underpinning the Chevrolet Volt and other hybrid, battery-electric and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. The automaker believes the facility, at its sprawling Warren Technical Center campus outside Detroit, will help make it a market leader in battery and EV technology.
"The new global GM battery lab will benefit consumers across America by helping us advance the development of battery technology in the United States and put cleaner, more efficient vehicles on the road more quickly and affordably," CEO Fritz Henderson said in a statement. "Our new lab improves GM's competitiveness by speeding the development of our hybrid, plug-in and extended-range electric vehicles."
The lab's opening comes one week after General Motors filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy and vowed to reinvent itself as a leaner, greener company focused on fuel efficiency. It also comes as major automakers align themselves with battery manufacturers to bring cars with cords to market. Volkswagen, for example, recently signed a deal with Chinese auto- and battery-maker BYD, and Daimler bought nearly 10 percent of Tesla Motors last month.
The Global Battery Systems Lab is four times larger than the cramped quarters where engineers had been working on the lithium-ion battery pack used in the Volt. It employs more than 1,000 engineers. The operation features 160 test channels and 42 thermal chambers that subject batteries to real-world driving conditions and temperarture variations. It also has 32 battery cyclers, "treadmills" used to deplete and charge the packs repeatedly.
"This facility is state-of-the-art and represents one of the largest and most capable battery test labs in the world," said Jim Queen, vp of global engineering. The lab has a maximum power capacity of 6 megawatts.
The lab also features a thermal shaker table for testing the structural integrity of each pack and a battery tear-down workshop for failure analysis and reverse-engineering competitors' batteries.
The Global Battery Systems Lab is the crown jewel in GM's battery program, which includes labs in Mainz-Kastel, Germany and Honeoye Falls, N.Y. General Motors is working with LG Chem on the battery that will provide the Volt with an all-electric range of 40 miles, and it has a joint deal with Compact Power and LG Chem to continue developing the technology. GM also has joined the University of Michigan in creating a battery-specific engineering curriculum and a battery lab in Ann Arbor.
GM filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection last week and is radically scaling back its operations, but work on the battery lab started in December 2007 shortly after GM started developing the Volt. Construction started in August and engineers started testing batteries there in January.
The company plans to open a factory somewhere in Michigan to begin producing batteries by the end of 2010, at which point the Volt is slated to start rolling off an assembly line at the Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly factory.
Photos: General Motors
See Also:
Engineers wheel a Chevrolet Volt battery pack through GM's new battery lab. The pack contains 150 parts; all but eight are designed and engineered in-house. © 2009 John F. Martin/General Motors. This image is protected by copyright but provided for use under a Creative Commons 3.0 Lic
The show How I Met Your Mother is coming to a close this year, and with it your weekly reminders that “the universe has a plan” and that its plan will make sure you “end up exactly where you're supposed to be, exactly when you're supposed to be there.” The show follows the story of how Josh Radnor's Ted meets the love of his life, and all the ups and downs along the way. Over the summer, Radnor said “It's not a nihilistic show … things happen and then there are consequences – everything happens for a reason in the world of How I Met Your Mother.” He calls this the “quasi-spiritual dimension” of the show.
“Quasi-spiritual” is a good way to describe it: the show's repeated references to The Universe are both funny and somehow comforting – useful as an overarching theme, yet not as threatening as a full-blown dogma.
But when I hear the characters' repeated references to The Universe, Life and Destiny, I can't help mentally replacing them with other terms, just to see how they would sound:
“That's the funny thing about God's plan. It happens whether you plan it or not. But, I think for the most part, if you're really honest with yourself about what you want out of life, God gives it to you.”
“Never forget that on any day, you can step out the front door and your whole life can change forever. You see, God has a plan kids, and that plan is always in motion.”
“Kids, you can ask God for signs all you want; but ultimately, we only see what we want to see, when we're ready to see it.”
Sounds a little more intense, right? As a high-church WASP who isn't too comfortable with casual references to “God's plan” in conversation, let alone in her favorite sitcoms, my replacement exercise always gives me pause.
The show is relentless in its position that, as the line actually goes, “If you're really honest with yourself about what you want out of life, life gives it to you.” When Ted asks an acquaintance if he really believes he will find true love, the other responds, “Of course. Everyone does eventually … you just never know when or where.” This “quasi-spiritual” theory is less reminiscent of the Judeo-Christian outlook, and more evocative of the disturbing self-help book The Secret, and its accompanying DVD which dramatizes the “Law of Attraction” gimmick by showing a woman gazing at a necklace in a store window, then suddenly finding it around her neck.
But that comparison may be too harsh. After all, Ted wants love and a family – hardly the moral equivalent of a shiny necklace. And while Christian teaching would generally encourage us to put aside what we want – “Not my will, but thine, be done” – theologian C.S. Lewis put forth a case for just such honesty in prayer – to not pray for what you should want, but what you do want:
“We want to know not how we should pray if we were perfect but how we should pray being as we now are … It is no use to ask God with factitious earnestness for A when our whole mind is in reality filled with the desire for B. We must lay before Him what is in us, not what ought to be in us.”
From this perspective, Ted is not hoping the universe will reward him for wanting B badly enough – he's just being honest with himself, or with “life,” that, for better or worse, he wants B instead of A.
The show does not suggest that Ted – or anyone – has a direct line to The Universe. Another running theme is the characters' misinterpretations of what are and aren't “signs from The Universe.” Some are funny, like when Jason Segel's Marshall believes The Universe wants him to buy an old firehouse and become a Ghostbuster. Some are more heart-wrenching, like when Cobie Smulders' Robin breaks down because she can't find the locket that was to be her “something old” at her wedding, and fears it's a sign that she shouldn't go through with it.
While she's crying, Ted tries to comfort her by saying, “Maybe it's dumb to look for signs from the universe – maybe the universe has better things to do. Dear God, I hope it does.”
If you've ever met someone in real life who frequently references The Universe's will in conversation – without that dash of irony employed by the show – you know that they're not the self-doubting type. A woman once told me that she would try to work on a project she had planned, but, she said blithely, “If The Universe wants it to happen, it will happen!” This seemed to me an excellent way to absolve oneself of responsibility – also a common criticism of those who like to reference “God's will.”
But maybe there's a middle ground between the two extremes of waiting for The Universe to decide something and demanding It give you what you want. To extend Lewis' example, it could be described as Option C.
Here's how I think of it: One night during my freshman year of college, I had dinner with the girls on my hall. Somehow the conversation turned to marriage, and one of us said “I mean, I'm not like one of those girls who pray for a husband!” Most of us laughed, but fell silent when another girl said, “I do that.”
We waited uncomfortably. She then explained that she didn't pray to find a husband, or to get married, but for her husband. “I just pray that he's okay wherever he is, that he's not making stupid decisions,” she said frankly.
It's an option somewhere between absolving ourselves of all responsibility and compulsively fixating on the one thing that we believe could make us happy: a hope that The Universe, or Whoever, will make sure that the people we love, and will someday love, are okay – wherever they are.
The blockbuster hit Rurouni Kenshin, which opened on Aug. 25, 2012, grossed over 3 billion yen at the box office during its run. The popular drama will return after two years in summer 2014 as a sequel tentatively titled Rurouni Kenshin: The Great Kyoto Fire Arc/The Last of the Legend Arc.
As one can see from the title, the sequel will be divided into two parts, each covering one arc of the original manga. The two films will be released one after another in the summer of 2014. Fans can expect nationwide road shows and promotions even bigger than the first movie!
Despite the larger scale, the work will still capture the essence of the critically acclaimed previous work. Director Keishi Otomo hopes to once again challenge himself to a new height in his career through this movie.
Actor Takeru Satoh will of course reprise his role as the protagonist, Kenshin. In the previous film, Satoh was able to combine his superb acting skills with the character's appeal for the fans. Furthermore, Saki Takei, who acted as Kamiya Kaoru, will also reprise the role, with others such as Yu Aoi, Munetaka Aoki, and Yosuke Eguchi in the cast, much to the joy of fans.
On top of the old cast, new members have been added for the sequel. Actor Tatsuya Fujiwara will take on the role of Kenshin's successor and nemesis, Shishio Makoto. Fujiwara had previously attained international fame through his role in the movie Shield of Straw and will once challenge an antagonistic role.
The new movie will be based on the popular “Kyoto Arc” from the original manga. The setting for the movie will move west from Tokyo to the old capital, and captures the drama of the turbulent period in history. In particular, because the movie will be split into two parts, fans can look forward to a condensed and well-crafted story in the movies.
Rurouni Kenshin the movie is based on the manga of the same title by Nobuhiro Watsuki. The series is a bestseller that has sold more than 57 million volumes to date and has been translated into many languages, becoming an international bestseller as both manga and anime. Director Otomo's first Rurouni Kenshin movie was a worldwide sensation, and the sequel based in Kyoto is expected to garner just as much attention, if not more.
Comment from Takeru Satoh (Himura Kenshin):
>I feel very fortunate to be able to play Kenshin again, but I am also feeling the pressure of having to cross over an even higher hurdle. This time, the movie will portray the “Kyoto Arc,” which is one of the most popular arcs and considered the climax of the manga. I am glad we will be able to capture the great story on screen, but at the same time, this will also be a very difficult project. However, I don't think of it as 'surpassing the previous film,' but rather, I would like to make a movie that fans will approve of. As such, I will place my trust in the director and play Kenshin based on the soul of the original manga, and challenge the new scale and action in the sequel. I started practicing for combat scenes and horse-riding since a few months ago. All the cast and staff are shooting this movie from the bottom of their hearts so I hope our fans will support us as well!
Comment from Takuya Fujiwara (Shishio Makoto):
> Rurouni Kenshin is a childhood anime for me, so to be able to play Shishio this time is like a dream come true. Shishio is one of the most popular characters, so I will do my best to take everyone's suggestions and portray him the best I can. This is my second role as the bad guy since Shield of Straw and I am looking forward to it!
Russia is persecuting Crimean Tatars for opposing Moscow's three-year occupation of the Black Sea peninsula at an increasing rate, Human Rights Watch said in a new report Tuesday.
Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine in March 2014, which met with economic sanctions from Western countries that refused to recognize Moscow's referendum on unification.
Crimean Tatars have largely opposed Russian rule and have seen its local self-governing body banned as an extremist organization.
Human Rights Watch (HRW) said in a report on Tuesday that the Crimean Tatars' opposition to the annexation has led to their “relentless” persecution by Russia.
"[Russian authorities] have portrayed politically active Crimean Tatars as extremists and terrorists, forced many into exile, and ensured that those who choose to stay never feel safe to speak their mind,” HRW Europe and Central Asia director Hugh Williamson said.
The rights group said at least 26 Crimean Tatars have been arrested on terror charges since 2015 with sentences ranging from 5 years to life in prison. Several members of the ethnic minority were subjected to ill-treatment, including torture, HRW said.
HRW said torture and violations of due process, privacy and fair trial amounted to “a policy of persecution against Crimean Tatars.”
A recent UN report accused Russian state agents of grave abuses in Crimea, including the disappearance of up to 10 political opponents and the deaths of at least three detainees.
The report, published in September, said Moscow has illegally extended its laws into the peninsula and applied them arbitrarily against opponents of the annexation.
NECA / WizKids Announce Star Trek: Attack Wing HeroClix Board Game
NECA/WIZKIDS ANNOUNCE STAR TREK™: ATTACK WING
Hillside, N.J. – March 11, 2013 – WizKids/NECA, LLC (WizKids), the leader in collectible gaming, is inviting gamers, collectors and Star Trek fans alike to recreate some of the most iconic battles in Star Trek lore. Today WizKids announces the latest board game title to join their Star Trek HeroClix™ miniatures game line-up, Star Trek: Attack Wing. It features collectible pre-painted Star Trek ships and the FlightPath™ maneuver system licensed from Fantasy Flight Games. Under license by CBS Consumer Products, Star Trek: Attack Wing is expected to launch late summer at Gen Con Indy 2013.
Players engage in exploration and combat, traversing sprawling Star Trek space maps made available via an in store Organized Play program. As commander, players have the ability to customize, upgrade, and assign famous crewmembers to their fleets, which feature ships from the series' prominent empires and forces as well as special stats and abilities, and unique maneuvers on separate HeroClix Combat Dials™.
“The FlightPath™ maneuver system used in FFG's game is an amazing system for free-form movement in a space combat game,” said Justin Ziran, president at WizKids. “It's a natural fit for the Star Trek universe. Players familiar with the FlightPath™ system will most definitely enjoy Star Trek: Attack Wing.”
American retailers looking for Star Trek: Attack Wing can purchase the product through Alliance Game Distributors or Diamond Comic Distributors and should contact their sales representatives for order information. International retailers should contact their local distributors for ordering information.
For more information about the new enterprise, Star Trek: Attack Wing, visit WizkidsGames.com/StarTrek or follow WizKids on Facebook and Twitter.
© 2013 WizKids/NECA, LLC. WIZKIDS, HEROCLIX, and COMBAT DIAL are trademarks of WizKids/NECA, LLC. All rights reserved. TM & © 2013 CBS Studios Inc. STAR TREK and related marks are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. All Right Reserved. FLIGHTPATH is a trademark, and FANTASY FLIGHT GAMES is a registered trademark, of Fantasy Flight Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
About Fantasy Flight Publishing Inc.
Roseville, Minnesota's Fantasy Flight Games is a publisher of board, card, miniatures, and roleplaying games. Founded in 1995 by Christian T. Petersen, Fantasy Flight Games has published hundreds of successful titles, including Battlestar Galactica: The Board Game, the Lord of the Rings series of board games, board and card games based on H.P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos and George R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones, and many original board games such as Twilight Imperium, Runebound, and Descent: Journeys in the Dark.
About WizKids
WizKids/NECA, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of NECA, is a New Jersey-based game developer and publisher dedicated to creating games driven by imagination. WizKids first pioneered the Combat Dial system featured in HeroClix, the most successful collectible miniatures game on the market today, with over 400 million miniature game figures sold worldwide. WizKids continues to produce new proprietary game platforms and properties including the award-winning board game Mage Knight, the groundbreaking Dice Building Game engine used in the critically-acclaimed game Quarriors, as well as the innovative Connect with Pieces puzzle building game platform.
###
Contact:
Leo Saraceni
leos@necaonline.com
908-686-3300 xt 230
Embassy tweets copy strewn with red pen marks after article claims US gives activists ‘grants' to accuse Russian officials of homosexuality
The US embassy in Moscow has given a Russian newspaper a grammar lesson over a fake letter that purports to show that the US pays gay rights activists to smear Russian officials.
The embassy marked more than two dozen mistakes in a copy of the alleged letter that it posted on its Twitter account. “Dear Izvestia, next time you use fake letters, send them to us – we will be happy to help correct the mistakes,” it wrote at the bottom.
Посольство США в РФ (@USEmbRu) .@izvestia_ru,в следующий раз,используя фальшивые письма,присылайте- поможем исправить ошибкиhttps://t.co/p1880iEWd9 pic.twitter.com/gq84eOvBXm
The post was in response to an article in Izvestia on Wednesday that said activists were accusing the Russian officials of homosexuality to “earn grants” from the US State Department.
The article focused on prominent activist Nikolai Alexeyev, who told Ekho Moskvy radio station in May 2013 that Vladimir Putin's aide Vyacheslav Volodin, the head of a state-owned bank and a director at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport were gay.
As proof of the US-backed “campaign to discredit” these officials, Izvestia quoted what the newspaper said was hacked correspondence between Alexeyev and the US State Department. Although it failed to provide a direct link, several quotes come from a letter posted on the CyberGuerilla website earlier this year.
In the letter, dated 11 May 2015, a rights envoy supposedly thanked Alexeyev for helping to organise a rally against Russian aggression in Ukraine, which drew “negative responses from Russian officials … a clear sign of excellent training and qualification of the protesters”.
“LGBT organisations will get increased financing at the expense of other opposition democratic organisations considering their low efficiency in developing civic society in Russia,” the alleged letter said.
In its red pen-marked version of the letter, the US embassy pointed out mistakes with punctuation, spelling and use of “the”, which is often tricky for Russian speakers.
“Really?? Gmail??” the embassy wrote next to an email address that the letter instructed Alexeyev to contact for “further financial and organisational issues”.
Russia passed a controversial law in 2013 against what it called gay propaganda. Alexeyev has been frequently detained and beaten during annual attempts to hold a gay pride parade over the past decade.
Lack of research is one of the biggest myths we hear from e-cigarette critics. Many people assume that e-cigs have not been studied in detail because the research is not heavily published by the main stream media. However, there have already been many clinical trials and research projects conducted that found promising results for e-cigarettes. Here is a look at some of the most important studies we have seen to date.
1) Secondhand Vapor Contains Nicotine, But No Combustible Toxins
The Oxford Journal published a study in December 2013 where scientists looked at what toxins might be in secondhand vapor. They found that e-cigs have no combustion related toxins present in the vapor and only a small amount of nicotine was found in secondhand vapor. Researchers concluded that more studies were needed to determine if there was any risk involved with secondhand nicotine exposure.
2) E-Cigs Do Not Stiffen the Arteries
The Onassis Cardiac Surgery Center in Greece compared the impact of e-cigarettes and tobacco cigarettes on heart function. The researchers discovered that smoking even two tobacco cigarettes will cause the aorta to stiffen, but e-cigarettes caused no difference to the aorta and no stiffening of the arteries.
3) Flavored E-Liquids Help Smokers Stop Using Tobacco
Dr. Konstantino Farsalinos headed up a study to determine whether flavored e-liquids had any impact on the success rate of smokers seeking to quit. He concluded that e-liquid flavoring “are important contributors in reducing or eliminating smoking consumption.”
4) Smoking Kills, and So Might E-Cig Regulation
Dr. Gilbert Ross, medical and executive director of the American Council on Science and Health offered a comprehensive report on e-cigarettes, concluding that e-cigarettes are much healthier than tobacco cigarettes according to common sense. He suggested that regulating e-cigs could be a deadly decision for public health.
5) E-Cigs Are Effective for Smoking Cessation and Prevent Relapse
Researchers at the University of Auckland and the University of Geneva studied the impact of e-cigarettes on former smokers. They concluded that e-cigs could prevent former smokers from relapsing into tobacco use and they could effectively help current smokers quit.
6) E-Cigs Are Not a Gateway to Tobacco Use Among Teens
Dr. Ted Wagener from the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center studied the impact of e-cigarette use on 1,300 college students. He discovered that only one person that first used nicotine in the form of e-cigs went on to start smoking tobacco cigarettes. He concluded that e-cigs were not a gateway to tobacco use.
7) E-Liquid Has No Adverse Effects on Heart Health
The International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health published a study on how e-liquids impact heart cells. After testing 20 different e-liquids, the researchers concluded that vapor had no adverse effect on cardiac cells.
8) E-Cig Use Has No Impact on the Oxygenation of the Heart
Dr. Konstantino Farsalinos studied how e-cig use impacted oxygenation of the heart. He concluded that vaping had no impact on oxygen supply and coronary circulation. These findings were revealed at the European Society of Cardiology Annual Congress in Amsterdam in 2013.
9) E-Liquids Pose No Concerns for Public Health
Professor Igor Burstyn of Drexel University School of Public Health studied e-liquids to determine if the chemicals in e-liquid could be dangerous. He refuted all the most widespread health concerns about e-liquids (P.s. Thanks Reddit!).
10) Health Improves After Smokers Switch to E-Cigarettes
Independent university researchers conducted a study to find out whether switching to e-cigs had any influence on health. They concluded that 91 percent of smokers that switched to electronic cigarettes had notably improved health. They also noted that 97 percent had reduced or completely eliminated chronic coughs.
11) E-Cigs Reduce Risk of Tobacco-Related Death
Boston University of Public Health conducted a study to see how e-cigarettes impacted mortality risks related to tobacco. Researchers concluded, “Electronic cigarettes are a much safer alternative to tobacco.”
12) Electronic Cigarettes Are Effective for Smoking Cessation
The University of Catania conducted a study to learn whether e-cigs would be effective as smoking cessation devices. After six months, nearly 25 percent of participants had quit smoking completely. Over 50 percent had cut cigarette use in half.
13) E-Cigs Cause No Major Respiratory Impact
Researchers compared first and second hand impacts of exposure to e-cigarette vapor to learn how it would impact respiratory function. The result was that secondhand exposure to tobacco smoke was more damaging to lung function than first-hand exposure to vapor from e-cigarettes. They concluded that e-cigs cause no acute respiratory impact.
14) Second Hand Exposure to E-Cig Vapor Poses No Risks
In a French study, researchers found that e-cig vapor dissipated within 11 seconds on average. In contrast, cigarette smoke lingered for an average of 20 minutes. They concluded that secondhand exposure to e-cig vapor causes no public risk.
These studies are just the beginning. Every month, we find out about new studies all over the world to discover the true impact of electronic cigarettes. So far, research clearly shows that e-cigarettes are a better alternative to tobacco use. What are other studies that you hope to see in the future?
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
How has Chris Bosh become one of the NBA's most efficient centers? He plays chess with his jumper. MIAMI -- Most NBA players want to be the last guy to leave the gym, but there can only be one. For the Miami Heat, it's a revolving door. After most practices, you can find Shane Battier putting in extra time to work on his 3-point shot or Ray Allen at the free throw line, or LeBron James and Dwyane Wade working on post moves.
But typically the last-one-standing honor belongs to Chris Bosh. After the rest of his teammates leave for the showers, you can usually spot Bosh splashing 20-footers from the top of the key. There's a rhythmic feel to his routine. You can hear the flick of the wrist as he releases the shot, then the splat of his shoes hitting the hardwood and then the classic swish of the net. Flick, splat, swish. Over and over again.
Those are the syncopated sounds that probably keep opposing centers up at night. Bosh has been virtually automatic with his jumper this season. He's shooting a league-leading 67 percent from 16 to 23 feet, which is almost twice as efficient as the league average (38 percent), according to Hoopdata.com. If Bosh nestles inside the 3-point line by the right elbow for a shot, better start running the other way.
Or at least that's how it's been so far this season. Check out the shot chart below courtesy of Vorped.com.
Vorped.com
This is all part of Bosh's plan.
Opposing centers aren't ready for his jump shot, or at least it seems that way. Bosh isn't your typical bruising center whose scoring ZIP code is constrained to the restricted area near the rim. Instead, Bosh habitually pulls the opposing 5 away from his comfort zone in the paint and dares the guy to play up on him. If his opponent cuts out his airspace, Bosh puts the ball on the deck and maneuvers around his typically slow-footed 7-foot defender. If the center plays off so he can protect against the dribble-drive, Bosh lets it fly.
This dual threat is the key to why he ranks in the top 10 in player efficiency rating among regulars this season.
"I like to play chess out there," Bosh said Monday. "It's all about the setup for the next thing. I'm always thinking 18 moves ahead."
Listen to Bosh talk about his game and you instantly get the sense that he's an intensely cerebral player. So it makes sense that he's calculating how he'll put his defender in checkmate, not just for one particular play but repeatedly. Spend some time shooting the jumper and then, once the defender catches on, drive to the rack.
"It all goes hand in hand," Bosh said. "My drive helps my shot; my shot helps my drive."
No other center can compete when it comes to his shot. Bosh has made more jumpers than any other center in the league. He has made more long 2s this season than midrange mavens Al Horford and Chris Kaman combined. In fact, Bosh has made more 16-to-23-footers than Kobe Bryant and Carmelo Anthony put together.
But that's not usually a healthy shot for an offense. There's a reason people think the midrange game is on life support -- it's the most inefficient shot in the game. But not for Bosh.
Bosh came into the season with two goals in mind on the offensive end: Make his sweet spots even sweeter, then establish the corner 3. If he continues at this rate, he can go ahead and cross off the first objective.
He has always been proficient from the midrange, but Erik Spoelstra thinks Bosh can be a 50 percent shooter there like Dirk Nowitzki, who has shot at least 50 percent from 16 to 23 feet the past two seasons. Bosh is well above that rate. You can tell Spoelstra has been going over this with Bosh; after Monday's practice, the coach rattled off Bosh's 42 percent conversion rate from the midrange last season off the top of his head.
And as for that second item on the to-do list, the corner 3, Bosh is patiently waiting to deploy it on a regular basis. As you can see in the above shot chart, Bosh has used it sparingly thus far.
"It's a secret weapon," Bosh said of his shot from the corner. "Once we start putting in some more sets where I can take advantage of the space, we can confuse the defense. But not yet."
Those who watched the playoffs closely know Bosh can hit that corner 3, but it takes a while for him to break it out of his arsenal. He made as many corner 3s in the postseason as he did in the regular season en route to a title. Spoelstra feels confident that Bosh can nail that shot with the same efficiency as his midrange jumper. A little-known fact is that the corner 3 stands 22 feet from the rim, which is 21 inches shorter than a 3-pointer from the top of the key.
As every opposing center the Heat have faced this season can attest, Bosh can nail the 22-footer with ease. Soon enough, you might be seeing him venture out to the corners, which would make it nearly impossible for opposing centers to protect the paint. Yet another chess move for Bosh.
For now, with 34-year-old Nowitzki sidelined, there might be a new king of the midrange. Bosh has been on another level with his jumper so far, and it has helped set him apart among the NBA's big men.
"I don't even think I'm in the zone, really," Bosh said. "You just shoot the J, man."
[van id=”us/2017/11/14/tehama-county-shooting-elementary-school-deaths.hln”]
RED BLUFF, Calif. (AP) — A gunman killed four people and wounded a number of others at random Tuesday at multiple locations in rural Northern California, including an elementary school, before police shot him dead, authorities said.
Two hospitals said they were treating seven people, including at least three children.
Details were still sketchy hours after the shooting and authorities didn't have a firm count of the wounded due to the number of places where the gunman opened fire in the community of Rancho Tehama Reserve, about 130 miles north of Sacramento, Tehama County Assistant Sheriff Phil Johnston said.
One student was wounded at the school and another child was shot while driving with a woman, who also was wounded, Johnston said.
“It was very clear at the onset that we had an individual that was randomly picking targets,” Johnston said.
He declined to release the name of the shooter but said the gunfire began with a domestic violence incident that neighbors reported.
Brian Flint told the Record Searchlight newspaper in the city of Redding that his neighbor, whom he knows only as Kevin, was the gunman and that his roommate was among the victims. He said the shooter also stole his truck.
“The crazy thing is that the neighbor has been shooting a lot of bullets lately, hundreds of rounds, large magazines,” Flint said. “We made it aware that this guy is crazy and he's been threatening us.”
Authorities have recovered a semi-automatic rifle and two handguns after the shootings in the rural subdivision described on its website as a “quiet private country community” where “the people are friendly and the pace is relaxed.”
Jeanine Quist, an administrative assistant with the Corning Union Elementary School District, said no one was killed at the school with kindergarten through fifth grades.
Three people were being treated at a hospital in Redding, about 50 miles north of the shootings, Mercy Medical Center spokeswoman Marcy Miracle said. She declined to provide other details about the victims or their injuries.
Four others, including three children, were being treated at Enloe Medical Center in Chico, about 50 miles southeast of the shootings, hospital spokeswoman Nicole Johansson said.
By mitigating the costs of banking, third-party transaction management and providing cheap credit, while taking advantage of the tax advantages offered through the attempts of some governments to encourage digital currency business, cryptocurrencies may provide an opportunity to lower the costs associated with sales in a physical retail space – enabling stores to pass those savings on to consumers. With price remaining a dominant factor in consumer purchasing decisions, this may be the secret to reviving the fortunes of the small businesses which form the bedrock of most major economies.
For decades now, Main Street has been suffering what has seemed to be terminal decline. Stores and shops throughout much of the developed world have been slowly going dark as prohibitive rent costs and relentless competition from online stores has driven many independent retailers out of business. While many would assume that cryptocurrency has little relevance to this complicated economic and social problem, there are others who believe that digital money may offer a much-needed solution to the woes of main street retailers.
When the Emperor Napoleon described Britain, with more than a little contempt, as a ‘nation of shopkeepers', he thought it was a grievous insult. He was wrong. While shopkeepers in eighteenth-century France were typically viewed as a sedentary bourgeoisie underhandedly short-changing the masses, a more liberal British attitude recognized their proliferation of shops as the expression of an affluent middle class with disposable income and the freedom to establish, run and maintain a small business, enabling social mobility. This ideal rapidly spread to the rest of the world to such an extent that small businesses – cafes and restaurants, independent retailers, craft manufacturers and the like – have now become the bedrock of most developed economies. It is estimated that there are some 125 million registered Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) around the world, employing less than 250 people each.
But those numbers mask a real cause for concern related to Main Street businesses in the western world. For half a century now the developed world has seen greengrocers, fishmongers, butchers, and confectioners lose out to large chain supermarkets and convenience stores. But now even the seemingly immovable stalwarts of Main Street are beginning to lose their footing. Bookstores, boutique clothing retailers, travel agents, and others are quickly losing ground to their online counterparts. This lost custom, added to prohibitively high rents in major cities, has resulted in what would appear to be a terminal decline in the number of traditional brick and mortar retailers.
While it is clear that there is still a demand for the experience of physical shopping, it has become all but impossible to compete with the variety, convenience, and low costs found on the internet. This has given rise to a new breed of consumers: it is becoming increasingly common for shoppers to visit physical retail spaces to try out items – read a few pages of a book, sample make-up or perfumes, see if they can still fit into a size 12 – and to enjoy the physical ‘retail experience', only to return home to actually buy the items at a lower price online. It is clear that, however enjoyable consumers find the experience of shopping on Main Street – and consumer surveys regularly confirm that shoppers lament the loss of physical retail spaces - the fact is that price is still the ultimate driver in consumer spending decisions.
It might be imagined that this issue cannot possibly be related to the cryptocurrency revolution, even less that digital money could be a solution to the rapidly deteriorating health of independent retailers. But the fact is that the cryptocurrencies have the potential to provide benefits that extend well beyond the online marketplace.
While online stores will always be cheaper to manage than physical retail spaces (after all, domain names cost substantially less than shop premises), many of the other advantages they enjoy over brick and mortar retailers can be negated. Major multinational online retailers like Amazon and eBay are not tied to any one location, and so can take advantage of advantageous tax regimes outside of the market in which they predominantly sell: the recent controversy over Amazon's UK tax affairs, which see it pay only £11.9 million ($18 million) in tax on £5.3 billion (about $8 billion) of UK profit, by re-routing its profits through tax-havens like Luxembourg, demonstrates the advantage that can be gained. With some governments seeking to encourage cryptocurrencies through low taxation and regulation, it is possible for independent retailers to increase their profit margins by accepting cryptocurrencies rather than conventional money. In the UK, where cryptocurrency transactions are exempted from Value Added Tax (VAT), this may be worth up to 20% extra in profit per transaction.
The use of cryptocurrencies also allows independent retailers to dispense with the long-customary charges on credit and debit card transactions that third party banking services impose. In addition, retailers who opt to store value in cryptocurrencies can avoid the costs associated with the conventional banking processes. Digital money also appreciates in value much more rapidly than fiat currencies, allowing businesses to take advantage of a stable and secure investment that can help them incrementally increase the value of their profits.
The already accepted benefits of cryptocurrencies will also have a disproportionate effect on Small and Medium Enterprises. The relative security of digital money from inflation in fiat currencies can protect independent retailers from the exaggerated impact inflation usually has on them. Meanwhile, the prospects of cryptocurrencies for providing affordable credit to the underbanked may be mirrored in the provision of credit to small businesses, promoting expansion and diversification.
While concern for the future of Main Street will continue for the foreseeable future, the potential impact of the cryptocurrency revolution on Small and Medium Enterprises could be enormous. But shoring up such businesses against the uncertainties they suffer thanks to online retailers and continuing global economic woes will have a broader impact than just promoting wealth creation; studies frequently suggest that a healthy SME sector promotes economic growth and revitalizes local communities.
How are controversial ideas handled by modern science? A common charge leveled against science (generally by those who are unhappy with its conclusions) is that the only way to get funding or continue your research is by going along with the current theories and not rocking the boat. For those who spend their careers in science, this is laughable—it is those who successfully rock the boat who are the most successful. In this article, we are going to look at a manuscript that purports to overturn hundreds of years of accepted ideas about gravity, and use it as an illustration of how controversial ideas are dealt with in modern physics.
It was Isaac Newton who first proposed a universal law of gravitation, where every massive body in the universe was attracted to every other one. This simple law proved extremely powerful, able to explain the orbits of planets and the reason the apocryphal apple fell on his head. However, Newton was never able to explain why gravity worked or what exactly it was. Two hundred plus years later, Albert Einstein was able to offer a more complete description of gravity—one where Newton's laws are a limited case. According to Einstein, gravity was due to the warpage of spacetime by mass and energy; all objects followed straight paths, just on curved spaces.
With the advent of quantum theory over the past 100 years, scientists have been able to develop an elegant mathematical framework capable of uniting three of the four fundamental forces that are thought to exist in the universe. The fourth, gravity, still remains the fly in the ointment, and has resisted unification to this point. Early last year, Dutch theoretical physicist Erik Verlinde published a manuscript to the arXiv that purports to explain why science cannot reconcile all four fundamental forces. According to him, it is simple: "gravity doesn't exist."
Some background reading
Before we dive into this seemingly unphysical statement, we need to take a detour to discuss some of the ideas from modern physics that form the basis of Dr. Verlinde's argument: black hole thermodynamics and the holographic principle. Black hole thermodynamics was worked on extensively in the 1970s. It's needed in order to reconcile the second law of thermodynamics with the idea of a black hole event horizon. To do this, one has to admit that a black hole must have finite, non-zero entropy. If a black hole has zero entropy, then throwing mass into a black hole would violate the second law of thermodynamics, as the sum total entropy of the universe would decrease by the amount of entropy contained within the mass.
This also demands that, oddly, black holes cannot be purely black. If something has a non-zero entropy, then it must also have a non-zero temperature. This temperature is the temperature of the Hawking radiation that is given off due to the quantum nature of the black hole itself. A simple way to imagine Hawking radiation involves considering the particle-antiparticle pairs that spontaneously form the vacuum fluctuations. If one forms near the event horizon, it can fall in, never to be seen again, while its mate flies off into the Universe. To a faraway observer, the black hole just emitted a particle (even trippier is the fact that the particle that fell in must have had negative energy, and decreased the total energy of the black hole—something that could cause the black hole to evaporate over time).
Leading us further down the (black) rabbit hole are other results of Stephen Hawking's calculations, which fixed the maximum entropy that a black hole can have. Since that's a (quasi) measurement of how much information can be stored by an object, a black hole represents the most informationally dense object possible in the Universe. Surprisingly, the maximum entropy a black hole can obtain is exactly Planck's constant times one quarter of its area in Planck lengths—not its volume, an important distinction. This result implies that every bit of information the black hole can contain (as an Infosphere) is described entirely by its surface, the event horizon.
An extension to this line of surface-focused thinking came in the 1990s, when Gerardus 't Hooft, and later Leonard Susskind, postulated that the universe is a form of a hologram, a lower dimensional object that looks like a higher dimensional one (think of the two dimensional hologram images that look three dimensional). The holographic principle says that all space and time contained within an N dimensional body is emergent and can be described by a completely separate set of physics on the N-1 dimensional surface of the body.
This is one of those mind-bending ideas that float around and form the basis of a not-insignificant portion of modern physics, so I'll try and give a simple example. Imagine the entire Universe is a beach ball, and all physics within it—space, time, matter, energy—is described by the ideal gas law. The holographic principle then states that the entirety of the Universe (the inside of the beach ball) can also be described by a different set of equations that describe only the surface of the ball, the vinyl part itself; as an example, maybe a set of equations linking the surface tension to the area of the ball.
There's a corollary to this (one that will be heavily relied on in a minute): all the information about the Universe (in this case the beach ball) is encoded on the two dimensional surface of the ball. Another analogy I have seen used to describe this is that of a soup can: everything you could know about what is in the can of soup is printed on its label.
Tying this back to the black holes we started with: the holographic principle suggests that everything we could want to know about the interior of a black hole is encoded in some manner on the surface of its event horizon. Since we can never recover information from beyond the veil of the event horizon, everything that can be known about a black hole, and everything that has ever fallen into it, must be represented on the event horizon itself. In fact, in some variants of string theory, this concept resolves the black hole information paradox.
This idea may sound completely abstract (and it is), but it has turned out to be remarkably useful, because it has produced what is called the AdS/CFT correspondence. This uses the holographic principle to show a direct correspondence between problems in what is known as Anti-deSitter space, where gravity is present (a cosmological way of describing the Universe) and problems in conformal field theory in a lower dimensional space where gravity does not exist (used heavily in quantum mechanics). Problems not solvable in one regime (cosmology, the AdS portion) have an equivalent problem that may be trivially solvable in the other (quantum field theory, the CFT portion).
A mind-bending proposal
Dr. Verlinde's proposition is not entirely unique. Others have argued that gravity, instead of being a fundamental force of the Universe, is instead an emergent phenomenon. A good deal of this thinking comes from the fact that the equations that describe gravity (in the Newtonian limit, at least) are mathematically similar to those that describe other emergent phenomena, such as fluid mechanics or thermodynamics. Where Dr. Verlinde goes the next step forward is by arguing for a definite mechanism behind gravity: differences in entropy.
In his freely available manuscript, entitled "On the Origin of Gravity and the Laws of Newton,"—the title seemingly paying homage to Einstein's famous paper whereby special relativity was laid out—Verlinde sets out his case for why gravity is, as he terms it, an "entropic force." The manuscript uses a combination of the holographic principle and black hole thermodynamics to (re)derive the basic equations of motion that Newton presented over 300 years prior.
Verlinde makes extensive use of the holographic principle in his derivations. He works with a thought experiment that assumes one has a holographic screen—one where all the information about what is contained inside of it is encoded as bits on its surface—and asks how it would interact with matter or energy that is being held just outside of it.
To show how Newton's equations of universal gravitation are derived, Verlinde begins with the difference in entropy between a mass M and a spherical holographic screen with entropy S—the information encoded on the screen would describe the emergent space inside, which would be "viewed" as equivalent to a mass M at its center. The attractive force between the the mass and the screen—what we would commonly call gravity—becomes, as Verlinde describes it, an entropic force due to the different informational densities between the two regions.
Not being content to leave it there, Verlinde goes further and rederives Newton's famous second law, F=ma (fun historical note: F=ma appears exactly zero times in Newton's famous Principia). Through that derivation, Verlinde is able to associate acceleration with an entropy gradient. According to his work, a particle at rest will stay at rest because there is no entropy gradient around it. This allows him to identify Newton's potential—the negative of the gradient, which is the acceleration a particle feels—as a potential that "keeps track of the depletion of the entropy per bit."
With such a description, extending the idea further becomes feasible. The entropic potential previously identified is shown to follow the common Poisson equation that describes the distribution of matter about a system. So he concludes that, if temperature and informational density on the holographic screen are chosen properly, then the laws of gravity fall out of this theory in a straightforward fashion.
Up to this point in the manuscript, everything Verlinde has derived applies to non-relativistic cases. How well does such a radical departure hold up when viewed through the lens of relativity theory? Here, Verlinde starts with the general relativistic description of Newton's potential. He then goes on to derive the force required to hold a particle a fixed distance away from a holographic screen, and again is able to derive the commonly accepted equation with force now described by a difference in entropy between the point and the screen. Furthermore, the manuscript lays out a path—but does not explicitly follow it—for one to rederive the full set of Einstein's field equations that form the cornerstone of general relativity using the fact that gravity, in Verlinde's work, is an "entropic force."
The paper is clearly unconventional, but it provides a compelling argument, and backs it up with actual work. Despite the highly controversial ideas it puts forth and the fact that it has not gone through peer review, it has caused some people in the scientific community to sit up and take notice.
Clearly, one paper making extraordinary claims will not be taken as fact until others can replicate the work, or in the case of a theoretical paper such as this, verify it with experimental evidence. A paper published in a recent edition of Physical Review D has attempted to do just that.
Not so fast
Dr. Archil Kobakhidze, a research fellow in theoretical particle physics at the University of Melbourne, points to recent results that may undermine Verlinde's ideas. Kobakhidze acknowledges that Verlinde's work successfully reproduces gravity on the Newtonian scale, and possibly in the more general relativistic sense, but it must also work at the quantum level as well, or it's not going to change modern physics.
Kobakhidze attempts to apply Verlinde's ideas to see if they are in agreement with the results from experiments on ultra-cold neutrons falling in the Earth's gravitational field. Solving the conventional quantum mechanical equations that describe this system give results that are in good agreement with the experiment. Verlinde's paper does not fully explain how to work with microscopic systems in his modified view of gravity, but according to Kobakhidze, enough ideas are present to work it out as homework.
Kobakhidze uses Verlinde's approach to re-derive the wave equation that will describe the energy levels of neutrons falling in Earth's gravitational well. What he finds is that, in contrast to the more conventional equation, there are two extra terms now present. One would appear to account for the relativistic rest energy of the neutron; the other is a form of an extreme suppression of certain parts of the neutron's wavefunction. Both of these additions result in problems for Verlinde's theory.
The first extra term, the relativistic rest energy, would manifest itself as a constant shift in the neutron's energy states (height above the bottom of the well)—this is not seen at all in the experiments. According to Kobakhidze, though, it is the second extra term that really throws a wrench into entropic gravity. The second term, if correct, would significantly change the dynamics of the experiment, essentially causing neutrons to fall through the small hole in the bottom of the potential well. There's no sign of this happening in any meaningful way in the experiment. Thus, Kobakhidze concludes, "we are driven to the conclusion that gravity is not an entropic force."
This is how science works. Ideas are proposed, they are backed up, they are shot down. Over time, it would not surprise me to see Verlinde defend his work. Perhaps Kobakhidze's derivation and its extension to the microscopic case is incorrect. Perhaps Verlinde will revisit his original work to revise how microscopic cases should be handled. Whatever happens, science will move on; time, further arguments, and experiments will be the ultimate arbiter of which drastically different view of reality is correct.
Physical Review D, 2011. DOI: 10.1103/PhysRevD.83.021502
A man under the influence of drugs kicked his neighbour in the head, bit his nose and fed him sand before leaving him to die in a dispute over a girl, hears court.
DUBAI // A man walking his pet monkey while under the influence of drugs beat his neighbour to death in a row over a barmaid.
The 31-year-old Emirati kicked the victim to the ground, bit his nose and poured sand in his mouth before leaving him to die.
“Yes, I did it,” he told the Criminal Court heard yesterday.
The Emirati said he was walking his monkey past his neighbour's house in Rashidiya on July 16 when the neighbour called his name. “He told me to stay away from his girlfriend, who worked at a bar.”
The neighbour challenged him to a fight, he said. “Let's meet head-to-head, he told me. I agreed and we headed to a nearby place.”
The man said he was tying his monkey to a pole when his neighbour “took me by surprise” and slashed his head with a razor blade.
He said the neighbour sprayed sand into his face and poked him in the eye.
“I punched him in the face and kicked him around so he fell. Then I bit his nose and put some sand into his mouth,” the Emirati said.
The neighbour then had difficulty breathing. “He asked me to bring him some water, so I got some from a nearby house and helped him to drink it,” said the Emirati.
The neighbour's condition deteriorated, so he took his monkey and fled.
“I told my brother to inform [the neighbour's] family that we had a fight and that I assaulted him,” the Emirati told the court.
The neighbour's brother said he received a call at about 10pm telling him to go to Abdulla Bilal railing, where the fight had taken place.
“[The Emirati's brother] told me he called the rescue services because my brother stopped breathing after his brother beat him up,” said AS, 31.
The victim's body was taken to Rashid Hospital and police found blood stains, a man's gown and a bottle of water at the scene of the fight.
Officers went to the Emirati's house and he gave them the dead man's wallet and mobile phone.
A forensics expert said the cause of death was concussion and internal bleeding in the head.
The Emirati admitted charges of assaulting the safety of his neighbour while under the influence of drugs, and of assault that led to death.
A verdict is expected on November 27.
salamir@thenational.ae
NOTE: This mod REQUIRES the Contraptions Workshop DLC - it will not work without it!!!
[ Description ]:
[ Installation ]:
Either install using a mod manager (I recommend Mod Organizer, but Nexus Mod Manager would work as well) or manually extract the contents of the included archive into your Fallout4/Data folder.
If you wish to use the optional version that has [Ammo] prefix tags on the ammunition items (for use with item sorting mods), then you DO NOT need to main version!
===================================================================================
[ How to Get ]:
[ Known Bugs/Issues ]:
[ FAQ ]:
ANYONE IS FREE TO MAKE A PATCH FOR THIS IF THEY'D LIKE TO!
[ Future Plans ]:
My Other Mods :
Dogmeat - Doors are NOT for Dogs (No Door Opening)
The Contraptions Workshop DLC contained several cut content weapon versions of both the Paintball gun and Mortar stationary workshop traps. This mod restores them and makes them readily accessible (all the ammo was marked as "unplayable"), as well as craftable, and also fixes various minor bugs with the guns and ammo.I also included an optional version that has [Ammo] prefix tags for use with various item sorting mods. Use only one version!===================================================================================All of the weapons and their respective ammo can be crafted at the Chemistry Station under the "Paintballs and Mortars" section I added to it.The recipes seem pretty "balanced" to me, and I don't really think they need changing (see the FAQ section for more details).===================================================================================- The inventory view model for the mortar ammo types looks a bit weird. Bethesda never made a proper one for it, and just used the projectile model. Because of this, the spinning animation that plays on every inventory model preview spins it in a very large circle that tilts and pivots, and it also displays the projectile "trail" effect. This is a minor thing, and I doubt I will attempt to fix it.- Paintballs seem to use the decal system. Thus, they are incapable of overwriting each other (you cannot get a new one to show up on top of one that is already present). Additionally, whatever your maximum decal limit is set to will dictate how many paint splatters can show up at any one time before they start to get overwritten.- Contrary to what the name may imply, the "Glow" version of the paintballs does not actually glow in the dark, as it does not posses a glow map (Bethesda probably didn't get around to making one before it was cut).I may fix this at some point *if I feel like it*, as I have some experience with making things in Fallout 4 glow - Both of these weapons use an exisitng vanilla weapon as their base, and thus they can and will be altered by any mod that alters their base weapon (pipe bolt action rifle for the paintball guns and broadsider for the mortars).*This can, however, introduce beneficial side effects as well, such as the paintball guns being natively compatible with the mod See-Through Combat Scopes ===================================================================================Can you port this mod to the consoles (please)?I haven't tried to use Bethesda.net yet, but I can if you ask me nicely. However, I have a suspicion that the paintguns at least may have been cut due to console limitations on the game's decal system, and I cannot guarantee how well it would work as I have not tried playing Fallout 4 on a console. You may (or may not) have significantly less paint splatters that can display at a time. I jacked my maximum decals up very high a long time ago by manually editing the game's .ini files, so...------------------------------------------------Why did you make these recipes to be created at the Chemistry Station rather than using the new machines that this very DLC added...?Mainly because I wanted to finish this mod quickly before someone else released a similar mod and all of my time was wasted. :P...But also because I did not want to try and figure out the new system at the moment. I may get around to adding them to a new custom crafting machine later, but I did not want to simply add them to an existing crafting machine as well for compatibility purposes with other mods.------------------------------------------------The recipes are unbalanced because of X, can you change Y about them?I don't plan on altering them honestly. They seem fine to me, and these guns are mostly more for "messing around" with than anything serious like combat.Furthermore, I made the mortar recipes mirror the machine crafted versions used with the stationary settlement mortar launcher, and I used the same materials that Armorsmith Extended does for it's Pipe Gun recipes for the paintball gun.I did improvise the paintball recipes, but I basically just picked the "best" existing item I could come up with that could reasonably be used to make the paint of that color.===================================================================================Nothing really apart from the things I mentioned above. I may make a patch that moved them to the Armorsmith workbench at some point, and possibly add support for AWKCR , but that's about it.Let me know if there are any issues with the mod, though!===================================================================================
Since we last visited the top 20 legendaries, a huge amount has changed in the Hearthstone universe. Although the initial impact of Rastakhan's Rumble was unimpressive, the nerfs that followed unusually fast have left a sizable crater. Nearly every top deck in the game took some damage, with Hunter emerging as the dominant class at Druid's expense.
For this update, too much has changed for me to take on the task of ordering the list on my own, so I brought back the polling system. I enlisted the help of Hearthstone professionals Casie , Cora , DeathBoose , Gallon , and DrJikininki to give me their most craftable cards and added my picks to theirs to come up with the final list.
The update before set rotation is always one of the most interesting, and also the hardest to create. Some of the cards will only be around for roughly three more months, so they need to offer a lot of power if they're going to make the cut. How much to weigh that factor varies from player to player, so even though this guide has been lovingly built, you should still exercise your own judgement when deciding between cards that are extremely strong now, and those which may be less powerful but have more longevity.
#20: Whizbang the Wonderful
Whizbang technically didn't score enough points to be included, but three separate pollsters had him at #20 for the same excellent reason, so we decided to sneak him in at the expense of Prince Keleseth. If you craft Whizbang, you will learn a lot about how Hearthstone decks work, plus have a ton of fun in the process. For the price of a single legendary, Whizbang enables you to play all 18 of the pre-built deck recipes. (The ones you see when you click on 'New Deck', followed by a class.) Granted, this generosity comes with the considerable downside that you don't get to choose which you play in any given game.
The point of the card is to give new players a feel for competitive decks without the outlay of having to craft them first. If you are a more competitive player you probably won't want to craft this, but hey there are another 19 cards below to consider. But for the more casual crowd, you can have a wonderful time with Whizbang.
#19: Zerek's Cloning Gallery
Despite Zerek's Cloning Gallery being a strong card right now, the panel believe it's only a short term solution to the current meta. The main issue going forward is that the current iteration of the deck loses Radiant Elemental when the next set comes out around April, which is the key piece in the combo that enables one turn kills.
As it stands, the ultimate version of the OTK uses Cloning Gallery to fetch two Radiant Elementals, Malygos and Velen. Then it's a simple matter of casting double Mind Blast with the obscene amount of Spell Damage on the board. That exact scenario doesn't happen too often, as you'll often draw some of the pieces before you get to cast Cloning Gallery, but the rest of the deck revolves around survival and resurrection, which enables multiple ways to set up substantial burst damage.
As the deck can still function pretty well when it doesn't draw the exact OTK, it may be that it can survive the loss of Radiant Elemental, though this remains to be seen. At worst, you'll have a powerful deck for the next three months, with the potential for future use depending on what subsequent expansions bring.
#18: Mecha'thun
When people first saw Mecha'thun, it was largely assumed to only be for meme decks. Although still not quite a mainstream choice, the card has managed to become a threat on ladder and as a fringe tournament option in several classes. Druid, Warlock, and Priest can all find ways to rapidly draw cards and then destroy the Mecha'thun to activate the alternate win condition.This gives you access to three decks for the price of one craft, which should provide plenty of good options for you (and plenty of annoyance for your opponents).
It remains to be seen what support Mecha'thun will get when April rolls around, but given the number of creative ways people have found to activate it in the current meta, it seems likely that the tinkerers will once again find ways to make the many-eyed mech into a serious threat.
#17: Shirvallah, the Tiger
At first glance, Shirvallah's effect does not seem that ridiculous. But in practice the big cat will often gain you 14 health, clear some of the board, and deplete a significant portion of your opponent's resources. It turns out that the amount of time it takes to reduce the Mana cost from 25 to almost zero is around the same as it takes for you to need the effect.
On top of that, people are still finding spicy new ways to incorporate the card into their decks. The combo with Holy Wrath and Baleful Banker (which requires that you draw your whole deck, then put a 25 cost Shirvallah back in to do a guaranteed 25 damage with Holy Wrath) was spotted very early on, but wasn't considered realistic. Whoops!
Although Control Paladin loses a lot of its punch when Uther of the Ebon Blade leaves Standard, it is an archetype that usually finds a way back from the grave. Next time around it will have the eye of the tiger on its side, so don't bet against it being a survivor. Also, note that the Gold version of this card is one of the best looking cards in Hearthstone. For those who like their bling, it is well worth blowing the extra dust.
#16: Sunkeeper Tarim
Tarim's fortunes have largely been linked to the strength of Aggro Paladin decks. For the majority of that time, this has meant he's been regarded as one of the strongest cards in all Hearthstone. The mere threat of being able to create an army of 3/3s out of thin air can be enough to make your opponent use their resources sub-optimally. And when you buff a decent-sized board, the result is often lethal damage.
Tarim's power lies not just in the army he can generate, but also in the space it can free up in your deck. Due to the ability to shrink opposing Taunt minions, you often won't need to play Silence effects. This opens up room for more aggressive cards that focus on the job in hand. That versatility is such that Tarim is not just limited to aggro decks, but can also find a place in control and midrange too.
If you do craft Tarim, be aware that he leaves Standard at the end of the Hearthstone year, which will be happening around April.
#15: Malygos
Its frankly excessive amount of Spell Damage has made Malygos a core part of one turn kill combo decks since Hearthstone began. The big blue dragon has previously seen play in Shaman, where it could be cheated from hand using Ancestor's Call, and in Rogue, where it benefits from the abundance of cheap spells.
More recently, Druid has leveraged Malygos by using Flobbidnious Floop to create a cheap copy. And if that isn't nasty enough, the Twig of the World Tree legendary weapon enables Malfurion to play Malygos for free on the turn it breaks, winning the game with massive burst damage from Moonfires and Swipes.
Malygos is also currently seeing play in the popular Clone Priest archetype, which uses Radiant Elementals, Prophet Velen and double Mind Blast to administer degenerate amounts of damage. Given the card's consistent history of viability, there's little reason to think future expansions won't bring more ways to abuse its Spell Damage effect. But there is one caveat to consider: The card's ubiquity and power makes Maylgos a serious target for the Hall of Fame. Happily, if that does happen, you'll receive a full dust refund.
A new platform called UNU allows groups of friends or strangers to form a “Swarm Intelligence” that can answer questions, make predictions, and even generate Internet memes. Check it out:
Now, we're looking for beta-users to help us form a “futurist swarm” and ponder the biggest questions facing humanity. After all, what better way to predict our collective future than by tapping into our Collective Intelligence? By combining the knowledge, wisdom, and intuition of a online group, we can ask the swarm to answer countless questions:
When the Singularity will occur?
Will the public accept self-driving cars? Will we boost human lifespans by 10, 20… 100 years?
If you want to try swarming, just fill out the form below. (Also, if you think we should create a swarm on a specific topic, tell us the idea and we'll try to make it happen.)
SIGN UP to be a BETA TESTER:
First Name: Last Name: Email address: Message:
Russian gas exporter Gazprom will halt supplies to Ukraine if it fails to pay off part of its gas debts by Monday, chief executive Alexei Miller said yesterday (12 June), raising fears of gas flow disruptions to Europe.
Miller said that if Ukraine failed to pay $1.95 billion (€1.44 billion) to Gazprom it would start requiring Kyiv to pay in advance for further shipments, and that if it did not receive any money at all, it would cut off supplies.
A dispute over gas prices is central to Russia's crisis in relations with Ukraine, which has led to the worst standoff with the West since the end of the Cold War.
No agreement has been reached in several rounds of talks brokered by the European Commission. As the latest talks hit an impasse, Gazprom set 16 June as the deadline for Ukraine to pay off part of its debt.
>> Read: Ukraine energy minister: Russia blocks gas price talks to promote South Stream
“If Ukraine pays for no [gas] volumes at all, it means that […] gas shipments to Ukraine will be zero,” Miller said in televised comments.
Moscow says Ukraine has piled up more than $4 billion in debts to Gazprom, which also delivers gas to the EU, half of it through pipelines that cross Ukraine.
Russia almost doubled the gas price for Ukraine to $485 per 1,000 cubic metres from April 1 after Ukraine's Moscow-leaning president was toppled in February.
Ukraine wants Moscow to stick to the price of $268.5 agreed for Kyiv at the end of last year after ousted President Viktor Yanukovich ditched plans to forge closer ties with the EU.
Moscow has offered to cut the price to $385, by eliminating an export duty of $100 per 1,000 cubic metres. This would be in line with the last year's average price for Russian gas in Europe of $387.
Other routes
Russia supplied the EU and Turkey with 162 billion cubic metres (bcm) of gas last year, a record high, meeting around a third of Europe's gas demand. Around half of that went through Ukraine.
Russia's gas supplies to Europe, through Ukraine, were interrupted during the winters of 2006 and 2009, because of pricing spats with Kyiv.
Miller said on Thursday that Gazprom might boost gas supplies to Europe via other routes, including the Nord Stream pipeline through the Baltic Sea.
“We will do everything to provide uninterrupted gas supplies to European consumers,” he said.
However, Russia's ability to ship gas via Nord Stream is limited because of EU regulations, which require third-parties to also be given access to pipelines.
Russia built Nord Stream, with a capacity of 55 bcm a year, to bypass transit countries such as Ukraine. It plans to build a South Stream pipeline on the bed of the Black Sea, to Bulgaria, and further up to Austria.
The European Commission has asked Sofia to suspend work on South Stream pending a decision on whether the project complies with EU law. Separately, Washington has warned that Bulgarian companies working on the project could be hit by sanctions.
>> Read: Bulgaria's government to collapse over South Stream
Miller said Bulgaria had not notified Gazprom of any suspension of work on construction of the South Stream still under way.
On 8 June, Bulgarian Prime Minister Plamen Oresharski said his cabinet was stopping construction until Brussels lifted its objections to the project. At the G7 summit, Commission President José Manuel Barroso made it plain that the EU's executive had launched an infringement procedure against Bulgaria for non-compliance with European rules on energy competition public procurements.
But yesterday, Mihail Mikov, the speaker of the Bulgarian parliament, said that no decision to stop the construction of South Stream has been adopted. Mikov added that the earlier statements by Oresharski were “misunderstood”.
EU energy ministers meet in Luxembourg today to discuss the energy strategy proposed by the Commission aimed at reducing energy dependence on Russia. The 26-27 June EU summit will decide on measures to reduce the bloc's energy dependence from Russia that may include freezing the South Stream project until it is brought in line with EU legislation and the new strategy.
Projections that global population growth will level out in coming decades are not assured, an expert said Wednesday, adding that just a one-child difference in global fertility would mean an extra 10 billion people by century's end.
“It matters enormously what we do right now,” said Joel Cohen, a professor at Rockefeller University and head of the Laboratory of Populations at Rockefeller and Columbia universities. “The world is not fixed. Demography is not destiny. We can influence the world of our children and grandchildren by what we do right now.”
At today's rate, population would skyrocket by 2100, to 27 billion from today's 7 billion, Cohen said. But growth has been slowing steadily in recent decades. Projections see the pace continuing to slow as it approaches the replacement growth rate of about 2.1 children per family, putting the world population between 9 billion and 10 billion by 2100.
But relatively small differences in fertility could dramatically change the outcome, Cohen said. A half-child reduction in the fertility rate would see global population peak and then fall back to 6 billion by 2100. A half-child increase in the rate would mean population would continue to climb, reaching some 16 billion by the end of the century.
Population growth is a key factor in addressing a host of big problems, but not the only one, Cohen said. Economic issues, cultural influences, and environmental effects also must be considered if nations are to address major issues such climate change, hunger, and the disparity between rich and poor.
“To understand the solution of any real human problem, if you don't have these four elements, you're going to run aground,” Cohen said.
Cohen spoke at the Harvard Kennedy School's (HKS) Belfer Building in a seminar co-sponsored by the Harvard School of Public Health's Center for Population and Development Studies and the HKS Sustainability Science Program. The talk was introduced by Sustainability Science Program Chair William Clark, the Brooks Professor of International Science, Public Policy, and Human Development at HKS, and HSPH Dean Julio Frenk, who cited the breadth of Cohen's scholarship in calling him a “true Renaissance man.”
Cohen began by examining the problems of population growth, pointing out that cultural issues play a significant role, with some groups discouraging contraceptive use.
Other major trends, however, foster declining birthrates. Better education among women and girls delays their first pregnancy and has been shown to lower the total number of children a woman has. Similarly, birthrate declines are linked to urbanization, because city dwellers have easier access to contraception, and no farm in need of a big family.
Sometime in 2007, the balance between city and countryside populations tipped toward the former. Projections show an additional 5 billion people living in cities by the end of the century, which translates to 1.1 million new urban residents a week between now and then.
Another trend, Cohen said, is the aging of the world population. With the number of dependents for each working-age individual expected to rise, retiring at age 65 may cease to be an option for many.
“There is not going to be any way around people working longer when we have this many elderly people and this [number of] younger people,” Cohen said.
Pressure on the planet's resources doesn't just come from population growth, Cohen said, it also results from increased living standards in developing nations. Cohen cited several studies showing that resource use will have to double, triple, or even quadruple to bring global living standards near those in industrialized nations.
While rising standards of living are linked to declining birthrates, they're also linked to increased power consumption, much of which is from fossil fuels. Burning fossil fuels adds carbon dioxide to the atmosphere and exacerbates climate change. Declines have been measured in ice sheets in Greenland and Antarctica; should either melt, several meters of sea level rise would inundate major cities on all continents.
“You can kiss Miami goodbye,” Cohen said.
Turning to world hunger, Cohen pointed out that today's harvests contain enough calories to feed the world. The problem, he said, is in how much grain is diverted to feed livestock and to industry to create biofuels and other materials.
“I think we have to do the same thing with hunger that we did with slavery,” Cohen said. “There's no reason people should go hungry. If you get born, you have a right to eat.”
Part of the reason these problems remain unsolved, Cohen said, is that today's institutions may be inadequate for the job. Governments focus on narrow geographic areas (nations, states, or towns) and operate on short time frames — the next election cycle or, at most, the decade-plus span during which a child is educated. Corporations, on the other hand, can have a global reach, but tend to be focused on specific resources, like a fishery or industry. While some companies plan for the longer term, many are ruled by the short-term demand for quarterly results.
Waifu Wars: The Legend of Best Girl – Quarter-Finals
We've come pretty far now. Waifu Wars: The Legend of Best Girl has now reached its quarter-finals. Only some of the bestest of the best girls remain now, all decided by community vote. But this battle is far from over. Only one can stand victorious. By the release of Persona Q we'll finally know for sure, but until then vote for your best girl!
Yukari VS Aigis Aigis (62%, 1,653 Votes)
Yukari (38%, 1,023 Votes) Total Voters: 2,676
Loading ... Loading ...
Chie VS Labrys Chie (71%, 1,895 Votes)
Labrys (29%, 791 Votes) Total Voters: 2,686
Loading ... Loading ...
Yukiko VS Naoto Naoto (59%, 1,594 Votes)
Yukiko (41%, 1,100 Votes) Total Voters: 2,694
Loading ... Loading ...
Rise VS Teddie Rise (70%, 1,854 Votes)
Teddie (30%, 811 Votes) Total Voters: 2,665
Loading ... Loading ...
Get voting!
May the best girl win! ;3 Voting closes at 3pm tomorrow as usual.
UPDATE: The semi-finals are now live. Place your votes here!
So how far have we come on our journey to find the best girl? Check out the full tournament grid here:
—
Waifu Wars: The Legend of Best Girl celebrates the release of Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth, which is out on Friday. You can pick up our bundle which includes a Chie's Badge Set and Double Teddie Keyring right here.
We've still got our Fan Editions of Persona 4 Arena Ultimax in stock too, which comes with free tarot cards and our Rice Digital exclusive Junes t-shirt. Get it here!
Poll: Paul equal to Romney, Bush against Clinton in '16
Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky. (Photo: Associated Press)
WASHINGTON - A new poll provides fresh evidence that Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul has positioned himself as a credible 2016 Republican presidential candidate.
An ABC News/Washington Post Poll finds that the freshman senator does as well against Democrat Hillary Clinton as 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush - although the survey also shows that none of the Republicans would defeat her if the election were held today.
Clinton would beat Bush by a 51 percent to 41 percent margin among registered voters, according to the survey. The former secretary of state would also the best Romney, 55 percent to 40 percent.
The poll also shows that Clinton holds a 51 percent to 41 percent lead over Paul - the same margin as for Bush.
In a head-to-head between Clinton and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the Democrat is out in front 53 percent to 40 percent, according to the poll. Former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee would do worse, trailing Clinton 56 percent to 39 percent.
ABC News/Washington Post Poll results. (Photo: The Washington Post)
None of those measured in the poll has yet announced whether he or she will seek the White House. Paul has said he will make a decision "some time this spring."
Romney and Bush lunched together privately Thursday in Salt Lake City for what was later described as a "gentlemanly conversation."
Paul engaged in some pointed ribbing of the pair over Twitter, at one point joking that Bush had given Romney a charm engraved with "3X," for "three times a charm."
Paul and three other potential 2016 candidates - Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker - are scheduled to appear this weekend before conservative donors at a Palm Springs, Calif., gathering organized by mega-givers Charles and David Koch.
Paul has been traveling extensively - including to the early caucus and primary states of Iowa and New Hampshire, respectively - and building a national political campaign staff.
RELATED: Paul to participate in first 2016 GOP smackdown
RELATED: Looking ahead to 2016, Paul sees chance for deals with Obama
CARROLL COLUMN: Paul's actions are clues to 2016 plans
The Iowa caucuses are tentatively set for Feb. 1, 2016. New Hampshire's primary is Feb. 9, 2016.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/1BRmb01
Myanmar army soldiers patrol on a road in Kokang in northeastern Shan State. (AP Photo)
The Myanmar government on Saturday denied the involvement of the country's military in a bombing incident that killed four civilians across the Chinese border.
Zaw Htay, director of the President's Office, told Kyodo News that the country's ambassador to China and military attache were summoned by Chinese authorities to explain the bombing. Based on information the Chinese provided, the Myanmar military concluded that one of its warplanes did not carry out the strike.
"The GPS data, radar information and ground information all show our planes did not enter those areas as they had claimed," he said.
He added that the military routinely notified the Chinese side in advance of planned flight schedules and flight paths near the border.
"We will cooperate fully over the matter," he said, adding that senior government and military officials were to hold further meetings with the Chinese ambassador and military attache.
China lodged a strong protest Friday night after a bomb it claims was dropped by a Myanmar warplane killed four Chinese people and injured nine others in the border city of Lincang in Yunnan Province earlier in the day.
According to China's official Xinhua News Agency, senior Chinese military official Gen Fan Changlong telephoned Senior Gen Min Aung Hlaing, commander-in-chief of the Myanmar Defence Services, and warned him that Chinese forces would take "firm and decisive action" if any further deadly stray-fire incidents occurred.
Myanmar government troops have been fighting ethnic Kokang rebels in northeastern Shan state, which borders Yunnan. A stray shell from Myanmar landed in China last Sunday, prompting China to express serious concerns to Myanmar.
This summer, on June 1-2, 2013, citizens in cities across the Nation will join together to improve their communities and governments as part of the National Day of Civic Hacking.
Civic Hacking Day is an opportunity for software developers, technologists, and entrepreneurs to unleash their can-do American spirit by collaboratively harnessing publicly-released data and code to create innovative solutions for problems that affect Americans. While civic hacking communities have long worked to improve our country and the world, this summer will mark the first time local developers from across the Nation unite around the shared mission of addressing and solving challenges relevant to OUR blocks, OUR neighborhoods, OUR cities, OUR states, and OUR country.
National Day of Civic Hacking is a call to action for anyone who wants to make a positive impact on their town, city, and country. A coalition of leading organizations, companies, and government agencies have banded together to issue this challenge with the goal of promoting transparency, participation, and collaboration among governments, startups, and citizens. These partners will support Civic Hacking Day by hosting activities across the country that invite anyone to become part of the civic hacker community—whether you're a newbie or an expert—and by connecting people in person or online during the weekend celebration.
The event is taking place in conjunction with Random Hacks of Kindness and Code for America's Brigade meetings and is being modeled after the Innovation Endeavors' Super Happy Block Party. A number of Federal agencies, including NASA, the Census Bureau, and the Department of Labor, are participating by offering specific challenges for hackers to work during the event.
This is an opportunity for citizens in every town and city across the Nation to roll up their sleeves, get involved, and work together to improve our society by cultivating an ecosystem for innovation and change. Activities are already being planned in Augusta, GA; Alexandria, VA; Asheville, NC; Austin, TX; Bend, OR; Boston, MA; Chicago, IL; Denver, CO; Detroit, MI; Grand Rapids, MI; Honolulu, HI; Lexington, KY; Miami, FL*; Oakland, CA; Palo Alto, CA; Portland, ME; New York City, NY; Philadelphia, PA; Sacramento, CA*; San Diego, CA; San Francisco, CA; Seattle, WA; and Tucson, AZ.
Ready to get involved in YOUR community? You can learn more about the National Day of Civic Hacking at: http://www.hackforchange.org/.
Editor's Note: Cities with (*) have been added to reflect updates since this blog was posted.
Brian Forde is the Senior Advisor to the U.S. CTO for Mobile and Data Innovation
Nicholas Skytland is the Program Manager of NASA's Open Innovation Program
WASHINGTON — It was Saturday night, and the Corner Pub in Brentwood, Tennessee, was bustling. Sports fans and families dug into a menu of chili cheese fries and hot chicken chunks. Servers offered Guinness and Caramel Apple bushwackers. Some people were wearing Halloween costumes. Then, sometime before 7:45 p.m., several dozen men and women dressed in black filed into the restaurant and took over a long table.
In an adjoining room of the restaurant, Annelise Werme, a business owner from Murfreesboro, 30 miles away, noticed the group's attire. The hair on her neck stood up. “Our mayor and police chief advised we needed to prepare as if for a hurricane, hoping for the best but preparing for the worst,” she told HuffPost in a Facebook message. “All of us who own businesses in our historic downtown closed, boarded up.”
Near the large group, a 30-year-old white woman and a 37-year-old black man were sitting at a table. Several men from the large group started talking to them, another restaurant patron told HuffPost in a phone interview. (He declined to be named, citing safety and privacy concerns.) “They were talking about what was good on the menu,” the patron recalled, noting that a guy in the group “wanted anything that was fried.” Then, his wife added, “some words were exchanged. I don't know what was said, but the black man ... he was visibly upset.”
One member of the black-clad group asked the 30-year-old woman to “guess,” the woman said later, possibly about who they were. “White lives matter,” she responded. “That's right,” another member said, then he allegedly urged her to join their table and leave her male friend.
“They immediately started taunting her for being with a black man,” Werme said. “Understandably, she was extremely upset.”
The argument escalated even after the woman went outside. The big group got up to leave. “They didn't place an order or anything, they were looking for a place to cause some trouble,” the first patron said, noting that one person with the group quickly took out a professional camera complete with a shotgun mic.
“We thought it was all over at that point,” his wife said. But about a minute later, they noticed a fight starting outside.
Jerry Grim, manager of the Corner Pub, told HuffPost that his business called the police right away. “I didn't know who they were. They were just a group of men in black puffy jackets. They had no tags, no markers, nothing on them. It could have been anybody.”
In fact, white supremacists, including neo-Nazis and Klan members, had rallied earlier Saturday in Shelbyville, about an hour away. But they skipped a planned rally in Murfreesboro after being delayed by security in Shelbyville and hearing that nearly 1,000 counter-protesters awaited them. They tried to gather in a nearby park — managing to form a human swastika — but ran when they heard that antifascists might show up, and they had to bail on a planned tiki-torch march. Now a contingent of the white supremacist group had made its way to the restaurant.
“One of our guys was getting his jacket, and words were exchanged,” Matthew Heimbach, a prominent neo-Nazi, told Mic reporter Jack Smith IV. He blamed “the black gentleman” for starting the confrontation. But video from the incident shows a large group of white men brawling and a woman, with blood dripping down her face, pushed against the window of the sports bar.
Inside, some people started to record the fight on their phones, and the environment grew tense as bystanders argued about whether to intervene. “Do you want me to go out there and get beat up? Would that be better?” A man asked.
“Oh, my God ... she's bleeding,” a man said.
“We were afraid someone was going to be thrown through the window,” the unnamed patron's wife told HuffPost. “It was terrifying.... We didn't know if anyone had weapons [or] how far this was going to escalate.”
“Do you speak up? Do you step in and get involved?” her husband said. “It was kind of difficult to judge what was best to do, because it was a quickly escalating situation. My thought was not to go and make it worse.”
By the time police arrived, everyone had dispersed. The 30-year-old woman later came back to make a report. Authorities are looking for the man accused of punching her, described as a white man in his 30s wearing a black jacket and black jeans, according to an Oct. 29 statement from the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department that includes the woman's account of the incident. (The names of the victims have not been publicly released.)
Heimbach said, “The confrontation wasn't any of us.”
The woman who made the report said she is still shaken. “We as Americans need to open our eyes and come together to stop this injustice and hate,” the victim told Fox 17 in a statement. “I was terrified, and still am.”
It wasn't that long ago that I was really struggling to make it in the NBA.
Early in my career, I would only get spot minutes on different teams. Being in that situation, scared of making a mistake that would cost me my job, I would always play tight and nervous. I didn't feel like I had the ability to be myself on the floor.
But when I came to Atlanta, things started changing for me. It didn't take me long to find a role with the Hawks. Once I made it into the starting lineup, it didn't take long — only a couple of games — to begin playing the aggressive style of basketball I'm known for now. I felt myself improve game by game, and by the time this past season rolled around, I was ready to unleash the Junkyard Dog.
As you might have already heard, last week I agreed to become a member of the Toronto Raptors. It was a difficult decision, but when I considered all the factors, it was the right move for me and my family. I'm really excited about my future in Toronto, but it only feels right to say a proper goodbye to the city of Atlanta, which will always feel like a home to me.
The Hawks organization — from the coaches, to the front office, to the fans, to my brothers in the locker room — gave me so much confidence in my abilities as a player, and it changed my life.
Lots of guys have long careers in this league and never get to play on a team as successful as we were last year. Winning 60 games in a season is an honor that's not lost on me, and I'll carry memories from this past year with me forever.
The biggest reason why I was able to play my best basketball in Atlanta is because of the organization's player development. All of the coaches worked hard to make every guy on this roster better, and they deserve a lot of credit for our team's improvement this year.
Kenny Atkinson pushed me to take my game to another level. Darvin Ham shared the tricks he picked up during his long NBA career to help me develop my skills around the basket. And then there was Quin Snyder, who was the first coach who took me under his wing while he was an assistant here.
The big difference between regular NBA players and superstars isn't just talent, but the way they train. Quin and I just kind of clicked right away when I came to the Hawks, and he began working with me to develop skills that I hadn't really touched before. His belief in me built up my confidence so much.
One thing he taught me during practice was this move where I dribbled between my legs into a spin move and then a step back jumper. It's the type of shot you mostly see in video games. He told me that I could try the move during a real game, but if he got in trouble for it I'd have to wait until next year to try it again.
After working on it for a while, I felt like it was game-ready, so I gave it a try … and I missed. So next thing I hear is Coach Bud on his feet hollering at Quin, “What the hell are you guys working on during practice?” Quin just sort of shrugged, and told me after the game that the move looked good … I just needed to hit the shot.
Towards the end of the season, it felt right to try the move again and this time I made the shot. Then I heard Coach Bud yell, “Good job, Quin! That's how you develop a player!” Coach Bud always had a way of coming around if you made a play.
I appreciated Quin because he encouraged me to take risks, and that really meant a lot because no other NBA coach had given me that opportunity.
I'm really going to miss the locker room. It's a great group in there, and I know they'll find success for a long time.
I hung out with Paul Millsap a lot while I was here, so I felt fortunate to be able to go through this process with him. This was the first time I'd ever been a priority during free agency, so I appreciated having him around to get advice. Paul's a great teammate and I'm going to miss playing with him.
I'm also going to miss getting to watch Kyle Korver shoot the ball.
There was this one shooting drill we had in practice, and Kyle would just dominate everybody. It took me a while to even build up the courage to challenge him. I practiced for a couple of weeks and was hitting most of my shots, so I called Kyle over and said I was ready to take the throne. I told him I'm the Black Kyle Korver.
We each took turns putting up five threes, and when I made four out of five, he'd make five out of five. If I hit three out of five, he'd make four out of five. No matter how many times we played, Kyle always found a way to beat me by one if I missed a shot.
He told me to try again next year when I was ready. Well, I'm telling him now that Black Kyle Korver will get his revenge. It's on.
Finally, to the fans, thank you especially.
I will always be thankful for the way this city treated me on and off the court. This was the first time in my career where I really felt like a household name. I can't describe how much it meant to me every time a fan would approach me in public just to say that they loved the way I played the game. You guys always made me feel like a superstar, so I hustled as hard as I could to play like one. When I looked into the crowd and saw those No. 5 jerseys and Junkyard Dog t-shirts, it meant everything to me. Without you guys, I really don't believe I'd be the player I am today.
When I was injured during the first game of the Eastern Conference Finals, I was really scared. I thought that the worst had happened. But what could have been one of the worst moments of my life became one of the most memorable. That standing ovation that the fans in Atlanta gave me as I got up off the court gave me goosebumps and it's something that I'll always remember.
God bless all of you. I'm really proud of what we accomplished together.
Best,
DeMarre
P.S. Toronto, I know you guys loved Jerome Williams back in the day. Well, get ready for JYD 2.0 to come to your city! I'm ready!
NEW YORK (TheStreet) -- Shares of Cemtrex (CETX) are spiking 17.86% to $3.63 on heavy trading volume late Wednesday afternoon after its board approved a new stock buyback program.
Cemtrex can repurchase up to 1 million of its outstanding shares over the next 12 months, according to a statement.
"This share repurchase plan, the first in the company's operating history, demonstrates our commitment to providing value to our shareholders and reflects our confidence in our business and growth prospects, as we continue to expand both organically and through strategic transactions such as the recent Periscope acquisition," CEO Saagar Govil said in a statement.
Cemtrex is a Farmingdale, NY-based diversified industrial and manufacturing company.
About 2.58 million shares of Cemtrex have been traded so far today vs. its average trading volume of 487,532 shares per day.
Separately, TheStreet Ratings team rates the stock as a "hold" with a ratings score of C-.
Cemtrex's strengths such as its revenue growth, attractive valuation levels and solid stock price performance. However, as a counter to these strengths, we also find weaknesses including deteriorating net income, generally higher debt management risk and weak operating cash flow.
You can view the full analysis from the report here: CETX
TheStreet Ratings objectively rated this stock according to its "risk-adjusted" total return prospect over a 12-month investment horizon. Not based on the news in any given day, the rating may differ from Jim Cramer's view or that of this article's author.
08-02-2015 | Remy van Elst | Text only version of this article
Table of Contents
virt-install is a command line tool for creating new KVM , Xen or Linux container guests using the libvirt hypervisor management library. It allows you to create a VM and start an installation from the command line.
This article is a quick introduction to virt-install. It also has a copy pastable getting started examples for different distro's. Make sure to change the mirror to one near you for faster downloads.
I myself use virt-install together with kickstart, debootstrap and a PXE server to create images for Openstack. I've used in the past with a Django web frontend were developers could request and destroy vm's themself. Every requested VM was a new fresh installed one, backed by KVM and virt-install.
Please do note that you need to have kvm and libvirt running on your machine. This article does not cover the installation of those, but your package manager probably does.
Disk images
A VM needs a place to store it's data. The hypervisor emulates a disk and most of the time uses an image as its source. We can create an empty, 8 GB raw disk image with the following command:
fallocate -l 8G name.img
The KVM hypervisor supports qcow2. qcow2 images support compression, snapshots and a few other nice things like growing on demand (thin provisioning, sparse file) and a read only base image. There was a performance overhead but nowdays that is almost negligent. To create an 8 GB qcow2 image:
qemu-img create -f qcow2 ./name.qcow2 8G
virt-install
The virsh-install command is an easy way to spin up a VM from the command line. It allows you to start up an installation from a remote repo (network install), from a pxe boot or from a local iso. It also allows you to just boot a vm from a (live) cd iso.
Here are some copy pastable virt-install commands to get you up and running with a few distributions. You do need to have libvirt and KVM running and the disk image should exist.
Please make sure you've created a disk image before executing these commands.
If your default bridge interface is not named br0 , change that. vmbr0 is also a common one.
The VM's get 1 CPU core, 1 GB of RAM and an 8 GB disk. If you want more, change the command line accordingly.
Here is an image of an OpenSUSE install via virt install in the serial console:
Debian 8
virt-install \ --name debian8 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./debian8.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://ftp.nl.debian.org/debian/dists/jessie/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Debian 7
virt-install \ --name debian7 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./debian7.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant debian7 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://ftp.nl.debian.org/debian/dists/jessie/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Debian 6
virt-install \ --name debian6 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./debian6.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant debian6 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://ftp.nl.debian.org/debian/dists/squeeze/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
CentOS 7
virt-install \ --name centos7 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./centos7.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant centos7 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://mirror.i3d.net/pub/centos/7/os/x86_64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
CentOS 6
virt-install \ --name centos6 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./centos6.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant centos6 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://mirror.i3d.net/pub/centos/6/os/x86_64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
CentOS 5
virt-install \ --name centos5 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./centos5.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant centos5 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://mirror.i3d.net/pub/centos/5/os/x86_64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Ubuntu 14.04
virt-install \ --name ubuntu1404 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./ubuntu1404.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/trusty/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Ubuntu 12.04
virt-install \ --name ubuntu1204 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./ubuntu1204.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant ubuntu12.04 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/precise/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Ubuntu 10.04
virt-install \ --name ubuntu1004 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./ubuntu1004.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant ubuntu10.04 \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/dists/lucid/main/installer-amd64/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
OpenSUSE 13
virt-install \ --name opensuse13 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./opensuse13.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://download.opensuse.org/distribution/13.2/repo/oss/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
OpenSUSE 12
virt-install \ --name opensuse12 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./opensuse12.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://download.opensuse.org/distribution/12.3/repo/oss/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
OpenSUSE 11
virt-install \ --name opensuse11 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./opensuse11.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type linux \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics none \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --location 'http://download.opensuse.org/distribution/11.4/repo/oss/' \ --extra-args 'console=ttyS0,115200n8 serial'
Generic ISO
Download an ISO file and give the filename to the --cdrom= parameter. This is used instead of --location . A VNC console is available on localhost, port 5999 for you to use.
An example for FreeBSD 10. First download the ISO:
wget http://ftp.freebsd.org/pub/FreeBSD/releases/ISO-IMAGES/10.1/FreeBSD-10.1-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso
Then start virt-install:
virt-install \ --name freebsd10 \ --ram 1024 \ --disk path=./freebsd10.qcow2,size=8 \ --vcpus 1 \ --os-type generic \ --os-variant generic \ --network bridge=virbr0 \ --graphics vnc,port=5999 \ --console pty,target_type=serial \ --cdrom ./FreeBSD-10.1-RELEASE-amd64-dvd1.iso \
You need to start up a VNC client to do the installation.
Do note that this method works for Windows ISO's as well.
os-variant
You can get a list of supported operating system variants with the osinfo-query os command. Below you'll find an example output:
osinfo-query os Short ID | Name | Version | ID ----------------------+----------------------------------------------------+----------+----------------------------------------- debian7 | Debian Wheezy | 7 | http://debian.org/debian/7 freebsd10.0 | FreeBSD 10.0 | 10.0 | http://freebsd.org/freebsd/10.0 openbsd5.5 | OpenBSD 5.5 | 5.5 | http://openbsd.org/openbsd/5.5 rhel6.5 | Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6.5 | 6.5 | http://redhat.com/rhel/6.5 rhel7.0 | Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.0 | 7.0 | http://redhat.com/rhel/7.0 ubuntu12.04 | Ubuntu Precise Pangolin LTS | 12.04 | http://ubuntu.com/ubuntu/12.04 win3.1 | Microsoft Windows 3.1 | 3.1 | http://microsoft.com/win/3.1 win7 | Microsoft Windows 7 | 6.1 | http://microsoft.com/win/7 winxp | Microsoft Windows XP | 5.1 | http://microsoft.com/win/xp
Kickstart and debootstrap
If you have a kickstart file set up you can give it directly to the vm using the --extra-args parameter:
--extra-args "ks=http://server/vm.ks"
If you don't have a server set up you can inject a file into the initrd and use that for kickstarting:
--initrd-inject=vm.ks --extra-args "ks=file:/vm.ks"
preseed.cfg is a regular preseed file (as described in the Debian Wiki) in your local filesystem. It must be named preseed.cfg in order for d-i to pick it up from the initrd.
Here is another, rather boring, image of a Debian install via virt-install:
Starting a VM
To start a VM you've just created after the installation, use the virsh start NAME command:
virsh start centos7
Use the virsh list --all to list all available virtual machines, including powered off ones:
$ virsh list --all Id Name State ---------------------------------------------------- 4 centos7 running - debian7 shut off - win7 shut off - win98 shut off - winxp shut off
Stopping and removing
To stop a VM, you give the (unintuitive) command virsh destroy NAME :
virsh destroy centos7
It will not remove any data, just stop the VM by pulling the virtual power cable.
If you want to remove the VM from the virsh list , you need to undefine it:
virsh undefine centos7
This will remove the configuration. If you don't undefine the VM and want to try the virt-install again it will give an error like this:
ERROR Guest name 'centos7' is already in use.
You do manually need to remove the virtual disk after undefining a vm.
For years, as her family would crowd around the television to catch Saturday night Leaf games, family matriarch Balprabha Kumar would head upstairs, alone, to find something else to watch or to putter around the kitchen. She arrived in Canada from India in the mid-1970s, and speaks good English, but still found the rapid-fire hockey commentary and jargon hard to understand, so she retreated away. But all that changed recently when she discovered Hockey Night in Canada broadcast in Punjabi.
Balprabha Kumar, standing with arms raised, has her children and grandchildren over to her Oakville home to watch the Leafs every weekend on the Punjabi Hockey Night in Canada broadcast. ( Peter Power / for The Toronto Star )
“Now we all sit together and watch the game on TV,” Kumar says. “Hockey was always No. 1 in our family, but now it is even more on top because I am interested.” Stories like Kumar's are common, says Harnarayan Singh, the host of Hockey Night's Punjabi edition. Now, the Canadian pastime — with a South Asian twist — is a staple for tens of thousands, he says, who have been tuning into the broadcasts since they began as an experiment during the 2008 playoffs. Many wouldn't have even watched or understood hockey had it not been for the Punjabi broadcasts, he says, recalling a grandmother, clad in a Leafs jersey, who met him at a promotional event in Brampton.
Article Continued Below
Singh remembers the woman, who made her way over using her walker, to tell him “for the first time in all the years I have been here, my grandkids are talking to me and it's all because of your show. They thought I was ancient and we didn't talk and we didn't have a bond, but now because of the show, I understand hockey and they love that.” Other fans, particularly those who are new to Canada, share tales with Singh of feeling left out while hearing colleagues discuss the weekend's big game at work on Mondays. But the Punjabi broadcasts, they have told him, make them a part of those water-cooler conversations — and even hockey betting pools. “Hockey is an icebreaker for them,” Singh says. “It builds camaraderie for them and their co-workers.” The televised Punjabi games, which air every Saturday, are just like English-language games, except Singh says the commentating is louder and features elements such as segments explaining concepts like icing. Then there are the cultural references.
“If a team comes back from intermission and are totally different from the previous period and they have more jump, we might say, ‘they must have had a good cup of chai tea in the intermission,' since chai tea is such a big part of the Punjabi community,” Singh says. The tea references are 56-year-old Kumar's favourite part of watching the game, aside from having her son, two daughters and three grandchildren to her Oakville home every weekend.
Article Continued Below
As diehard Leaf fans, it takes no convincing to get them over, but she sweetens the invitation by cooking them dinner or ordering takeout. Pizza, she says, usually does the trick. After the meal, they gather in the living room to watch Dion Phaneuf — Kumar's favourite player — captain the Buds. Even with Phaneuf and the Leafs inching away from playoff contention, Kumar never loses hope. “When the Leafs are losing, my husband gets upset and he says, ‘oh no' and walks away from the TV, but I say ‘you can go, but I am still going to watch it,' ” she told the Star. “I don't like to miss a game unless I go out.” That devotion extends to the time her hockey-playing 7-year-old and 11-year-old grandsons spend on the ice. Kumar hates not being in the bleachers to watch their games and is upset she missed one of their pee wee championship matches in London for work. She credits her extra interest in their sporting endeavours and the family's closeness to the Punjabi broadcast. “That's why it has been so great,” Kumar's son Amit says, calling his mom's dedication to watching his nephew's weekend games “religious.” “Part of that is the kids,” he says, “but a lot of it is because the broadcast has helped her understand. It's a team thing now. It's part of the family.”
Read more about:
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
KANSAS CITY — Haven Denney and Brandon Frazier returned from a year off to win their first U.S. pairs title on Saturday, despite an error-prone free skate and against a field lacking any previous U.S. champion teams.
Denney and Frazier jumped from second after the short program to total 188.32 points and win by 2.04 over Sochi Olympian Marissa Castelli and Mervin Tran. Denney and Frazier's total score was 23.33 points fewer than last year's winning score.
Ashley Cain and Timothy LeDuc, who led by 3.96 after the short program, had a strong free skate going until a fall on their throw triple Lutz and finished third Saturday.
Full results are here.
Denney and Frazier were the top U.S. pair in the fall international season by 16 points, taking a silver medal at Skate America.
But Denney struggled on landings in the short program, her right leg wrapped after blowing out her right knee in spring 2015 that caused them to miss the entire 2015-16 season. They also had multiple jumping errors in their free skate, but, unlike the rest of the top five, stayed on their feet Saturday.
“We're trying harder elements, harder jumps, bigger throws, bigger twists,” Frazier said. “What you see is a couple of ups and downs. This is all building for the next season.”
The U.S. will send two pairs to the world championships in Helsinki in two months, but not definitively the top two finishers from Saturday. The world championships pairs teams will be named Sunday.
Denney and Frazier finished 12th at the 2015 Worlds, after placing second at that year's U.S. Championships. Castelli and Tran, in their second year as a pair, have no worlds experience together and are ineligible for the 2018 Olympics. Tran, born in Canada, is not a U.S. citizen.
Pairs is the U.S.' weakest discipline. The last U.S. pair to earn an Olympic or world medal was Kyoka Ina and John Zimmerman at the 2002 Worlds. Eight different pairs have won the last nine U.S. titles.
In 2016, the U.S. pairs finished ninth and 13th at worlds, but both of those teams are out due to injuries.
Alexa Scimeca Knierim and Christopher Knierim, the top U.S. pair in international competition in recent seasons, has been out of competition all season due to her September stomach surgery. They have returned to full training.
The Knierims filed a petition to be named to the world championships team, which is selected on a discretionary basis on results from the U.S. Championships and other recent competitions.
“Whatever they decide,” Tran said of a U.S. Figure Skating selection committee, “we're all for that.”
The 2016 U.S. champions Tarah Kayne and Danny O'Shea withdrew before the free skate Saturday after Kayne suffered a concussion in a short-program fall. They placed fifth in the short program.
The U.S. Championships continue Saturday night with the women's free skate (8 p.m. ET, NBC, NBCSports.com/live and the NBC Sports app).
Check out NBCsports.com/USFIGS for all-access coverage all weekend.
VIDEO: Tara Lipinski reflects on 1997 U.S. title at age 14
U.S. Championships Pairs
GOLD: Haven Denney/Brandon Frazier — 188.32
SILVER: Marissa Castelli/Mervin Tran — 186.28
BRONZE: Ashley Cain/Timothy LeDuc — 184.41
4. Deanna Stellato/Nathan Bartholomay — 173.50
5. Jessica Pfund/Joshua Santillan — 168.90
You change after trauma, but everyone else expects you to remain the same. Up until the day of your trauma (whether that was birth or any time afterward) the people around you have expectations for who you are, how you should behave, what you will and won't do and that you will make choices in alignment with their agenda. The stress and pressure of these expectations can become enormously overwhelming – especially over the holidays.
How to Stay True To Who You Are When You Have to Be More Like Everyone Else
A season of expected joyful connection is particularly tough if you're depressed, sleep-deprived, anxious, hypervigilant, trigger-sensitive and struggling to suppress uncomfortable thoughts, feelings and memories. When your focus on coping already taxes your energy and patience, the forced attitude toward and interactions with others during the holidays can put you into overdrive. The result: increased feelings of shame, self-blame, guilt, fear and panic. Plus, more frequent meltdowns, lashouts, tears and rage often occur.
So many survivors put on a mask on top of the usual survivor mask and muddle through to New Year's day with a plastic smile and a hollow laugh. While that might appease those around you it comes at a price: You abandon what your true self needs. You know who you are and what's important to you. This holiday season stays true to who you are by carefully planning and managing how you fulfill what others what you to be.
Ways to Avoid PTSD Stress Over the Holidays
It's virtually impossible to avoid the holidays altogether but having a plan for being in control of how you experience and manage them can be the difference between a breakdown and chin up. Try these six ways to stay in alignment with you are while lining up to share the holidays with everyone else:
Set limits by planning ahead. Maintain a sense of control and balance by choosing what you will do, when, how, in what way and with whom. Rather than allow yourself to get corralled into situations that feel uncomfortable, decide in advance what you will do and share this decision with others so that they understand your game plan. Decide how many events you're willing to attend, plus the length of time you feel you can manage. Put in place boundaries that support your choices. Have an exit strategy. The best way to go into a commitment knows you can get out. Feelings of powerlessness increase when you feel you have zero control. For everything that you agree or commit to this holiday season, maintain control by knowing what you will do to take a breather, how you will escape if you feel overwhelmed and how to get away or spend some time alone for self-care and restoration. Say no. It's not your job to make everyone else happy. Your number one task is to keep yourself on as even a keel as possible, to ensure your safety and to stay on your path to healing. It is absolutely okay to refuse requests or to modify your willingness to positively respond to them. Do it your way. Friends and family may have their ideas about how and when and for how long each get together occurs, but you have the right to choose your level of engagement. For each event that you agree to, ask yourself, “What do I need to be able to manage this?” Then, choose the most healthy options and implement them regardless of how others respond. (For example, if in the middle of a big family dinner you need 10 minutes alone to meditate and ground yourself, take the break even if it raises some eyebrows!) Be real. It's true, you can't go to every party or family gathering with an enormous frown, but you also don't have to be the life of the party. Find a place of neutral that feels comfortable: offer a smile but stay within a true range of how you feel. Chat but don't try to please everyone by being the funniest, happiest or _____ person in the room. Operating in a range of being true to you reduces stress, which will allow you to be more relaxed and successful in your interactions. Just look at the next five minutes. The holiday season and each individual gathering can stretch out over the next month like a very long and steep road. Stop looking ahead. In every minute, focus on just the next five minutes. Keep your vision rooted in the present to reduce anxiety (which is, of course, worry about the future) and conserve energy so that you spend your inner resources where they matter (here and now) as often as possible.
All year friends and family have watched you struggle. They have (or in some cases, have not) offered to help, support or accept the way your past continues to affect their present. You and your safety and comfort are your number one priority. Still, when appropriate you can also imagine a sense of compassion for their confusion, loss and sense of helplessness. Because of what they're experiencing they'll want things to feel a certain way over the holidays. Naturally, this will create a distance between you as their desires and expectations don't jive with your own.
At the core of PTSD recovery is your bid to shift out of a sense of deep powerlessness and into a place where you feel powerful in ways that allow you to choose who you are, how you live, who you love, where you work, when you play and all the other aspects that create a life that feels good to you. The holidays and PTSD are tough. They are also a good place to explore, discover and practice identifying who you are and what is important and meaningful to you; then identifying ways for you to create that.
Connect with Michele on Google+, LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter and her blog. Michele is the author of Your Life After Trauma: Powerful Practices to Reclaim Your Identity.
One of the chief selling points of the Impossible Burger, a much ballyhooed plant-based burger patty, is its resemblance to meat, right down to the taste and beeflike “blood.”
Those qualities, from an ingredient produced by a genetically engineered yeast, have made the burger a darling among high-end restaurants like Momofuku Nishi in New York and Jardinière in San Francisco, and have attracted more than $250 million in investment for the company behind it, Impossible Foods.
Now, its secret sauce — soy leghemoglobin, a substance found in nature in the roots of soybean plants that the company makes in its laboratory — has raised regulatory questions.
Impossible Foods wants the Food and Drug Administration to confirm that the ingredient is safe to eat. But the agency has expressed concern that it has never been consumed by humans and may be an allergen, according to documents obtained under Freedom of Information request by the ETC Group as well as other environmental and consumer organizations and shared with The New York Times.
“I emphasized from the very beginning that I intended to keep my word and not disclose any information that could lead to the folks' identity.
“Now I am being made out to be a liar. I tried to do a good deed, was talked into telling the story of what happened to me … and now the press is ridiculing me for standing my ground.”
He said he rushed straight to the hospital when a nurse called, but didn't have time to put on his entire outfit so was only wearing his everyday Santa braces when the nurse handed him a gift she had ready for the sick boy.
He explained that he told the family members gathered round that, if they were going to cry, they couldn't come in as it would cause him to sob too.
“When I walked in, he was laying there, so weak it looked like he was ready to fall asleep,” said Mr Schmitt-Matzen.
“I sat down on his bed and asked: ‘Say, what's this I hear about you're going to miss Christmas? There's no way you can miss Christmas. Why, you're my number one elf.'”
The boy perked up, Mr Schmitt-Matzen said, and found the energy to unwrap the toy.
He then reportedly told Father Christmas: “They say I'm going to die. How can I tell when I get to where I'm going?”
Mr Schmitt-Matzen said he replied: “When you get there, you tell ‘em you're Santa's number one elf, and I know they'll let you in.”
Back to school building idea! LEGO building activities you can do with pretty basic bricks are the best. These LEGO apples are quick and easy to build and offer simple lessons in math and engineering. Perfect fall activity, LEGO apples are sure to be a hit with your LEGO loving kids. Big kids too! My husband was happy to help. What's your favorite color apple? Turn it into LEGO apples! Try fun LEGO activities all year round.
How to Build LEGO Apples for a Fall STEM Activity
Looking for a new LEGO project to build? These LEGO Apples make a great building activity for multiple ages to work together and still have a great time. Make a your favorite colors or mix and match your bricks. Our LEGO hearts and LEGO Halloween are a similar basic brick building idea that's fun to do!
CHECK IT OUT: Fun LEGO Learning Ideas
MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
SUPPLIES:
This post contains Amazon Associates Affiliates Links.
LEGO Creative Brick Boxes
Check out the LEGO apples you see here and gather your bricks. You can make a very simple LEGO apple using the most basic bricks such as 2×2's and 2×4's. You might not have the exact same ones as shown here, but you can make up your own combinations of these basic bricks. Add two brown 2×2's for a stem and dig out a couple 1×2's or 1×3's to finish it off.
If you have a few more bricks available, pull out the sloped ones to make a more curvy apple! You will need both the upside down sloped bricks for the bottom sides of the apple and the regular sloped bricks for the top sides of the apple. I also tried out two cylindrical pieces for the stem. Add your leaves.
LEGO apples are a great lesson in symmetry, engineering, and basic math.
We made a few LEGO apples with all our bricks. I prefer red apples. My husband likes the green apples. Believe it or night, my son loves this one type of yellow apple we often can't find! I can't wait for apple picking time!
Experiment with different building ideas for your LEGO apples.
What else can you use for a stem and leaves? Can you design a different shape or size?
Simple LEGO apples for Fall!
These LEGO apples also make a great table decoration for your fall table.
Make your own apple orchard with our fun easy Fall LEGO building project. Awesome STEM no pun intended. What's your favorite type of apple? Why not recreate it with LEGO!
Quick LEGO Apples for a weekend LEGO project
Did You Know We have a Book!
OUR BEST KIDS LEGO IDEAS.
FAVORITE LEGO! Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
The 16th Annual Screenwriting Challenge is a competition open to screenwriters around the world. There are 3 rounds of competition. In the 1st Round (April 12-20), writers are placed randomly in heats and are assigned a genre, subject, and character assignment (see examples of past assignments here). Writers have 8 days to write an original short screenplay no longer than 12 pages. The judges choose a top 5 in each heat to advance to the 2nd Round (June 13-16) where writers receive new assignments, only this time they have just 3 days to write an 8 page (maximum) short screenplay. Judges choose a top 5 in each heat from the 2nd Round to advance to the 3rd and final round of the competition where writers are challenged to write a 5 page (maximum) screenplay in just 24 hours (July 19-20). A panel of judges reviews the final round screenplays and winners are selected to share in over thousands in cash and prizes. Sound like fun? Join the competition below... Never written a screenplay before? Click here to check out an article going over the basics. It's easy to register. First, download and read the Official Rules & Participation Agreement . Once you've read through everything, you are ready to register by clicking the button below. The entry fee is USD$45* by the early entry deadline of March 7, 2019 and USD$55* until the final entry deadline of April 11, 2019. *Get $5 off the entry fee just for tweeting! Click here to make a post to Facebook or Twitter and receive a $5 promotional code. While we send e-mails at the beginning of each round to all registered writers, many times e-mails go to junk mail folders, spam, or are blocked by servers for unknown reasons. We recommend that everyone marks their calendars with the start dates of each round, especially the first round at 11:59PM EDT on April 12th, so that you know when to expect an e-mail! Early Entry Deadline March 7, 2019 Final Entry Deadline April 11, 2019 1st Round April 12-20, 2019 2nd Round June 13-16, 2019 3rd Round July 19-20, 2019 Not only does every writer receive feedback from the judges for each screenplay submitted, but a special review forum is available for the participants to submit their screenplays for review from fellow writers throughout the competition. During the Screenwriting Challenge 2018, there were over 2,600 comments made on the 175+ screenplays submitted on the forum. Click here to visit the forums.
Melinda L.
San Diego, USA “I love this contest. I got to write ghosts, history, a little action-adventure, and an ending that makes me happy in the best bittersweet way.”
Philip L.
London, GB “Just put mine in. Loved the challenge of working up something at speed, with given elements. Best of luck all.”
Cierra M.
Soddy Daisy, USA “Let's just say.. that was SUPER fun! And SUPER challenging.”
Alexi W.
Minot, USA “YES! Finally got it done for round one! Absolutely loved the challenge, because it got me thinking about stories I would not have even considered writing otherwise. Thinking about writing down the info for the other heats in this round to practice with later. Good luck, everyone!”
Melinda T.
Perth, Australia “Submitted! How exciting! Loved the challenge of this”
Sean D.
Laezonia, ZA “I had immense fun stretching different parts of my writing brain to find something fun and a touch ludicrous for Comedy/Chain Letter (or Email)/Piano Player... Best of luck to all!”
Melissa M.
Rockport, USA "I just submitted my screenplay for the 1st round of the competition and WOW!! That was super fun...and it's not just a clever name--it truly was a challenge!"
Ko M.
Los Angeles, USA “Got mine in with 3 minutes left on the clock! Hopefully the judges can overlook a few missing comma's and typos because it's pretty solid, otherwise. It's amazing what a deadline does for productivity. You're all winners in my book!"
Marissa P.
Greene, USA “I've never written a mystery before! What a challenging, fun exercise (and a great break from my finals!)”
Nick C.
Sacramento, USA “Whatever happens, I really like what I came up with despite not being familiar with fashion design or pregnancy. Best of luck to all!”
Kim W.
Bridgnorth, GB “Being a male retired boxer was so much more fun than being a female retired Legal Practice Manager. Enjoyed that immensely! Thanks.”
Karl A.
Bellevue, USA "Love writing Sci-Fi when you don't have to worry about budget constraints. Great fun!”
Beth S.
Bradenton Beach, USA “This was so much fun!”
Scotty-Miguel S.
Los Angeles, USA “That was intensely fun (and intensely CHALLENGING - which I assume is why they call it that).”
Six months after Vin Diesel told his social media multitudes that he'll be reprising one of his early signature roles, Paramount has set a release date for xXx 3: The Return of Xander Cage. The sequel will open January 20. The studio signed on last week to distribute the actioner.
The film marks the Furious franchise star's first return to the long- dormant franchise since 2002's original xXx, when he starred as extreme-sports athlete who is blackmailed into becoming a government operative Xander Cage. He sat out the second pic in the series, 2005's xXx: State Of The Union, which starred Ice Cube. In the new pic, Cage comes out of exile and takes on a deadly alpha warrior Xiang in pursuit of an unstoppable weapon known as Pandora's Box. Cube's status for returning to the franchise is uncertain, but it will star Donnie Yen as Cage's nemesis.
xXx 3 will battle in the post-MLK Day frame with EuropaCorp's Sullivan Stapletom thriller The Lake and Universal horror pic Split from director M. Night Shyamalan.
Chūgoku, Kyūshū, Hokkaido, Chūbu/Hokuriku versions streamed.
McDonald's is streaming four more versions of its “Mirai no Watashi” (The Future Me) campaign anime shorts. The first video is the Chūgoku version of the short, featuring the voice of Ikumi Nakano, who is from Tottori prefecture in the Chūgoku region of Japan.
The second video, the Kyūshū version, features Narumi Kuranoo, who hails from Kumamoto prefecture on the island of Kyūshū.
The third video, the Hokkaido version, features Nagisa Sakaguchi, who comes from Hokkaido.
The fourth video, the Chūbu/Hokuriku version, features Yuri Yokomichi, who comes from Shizuoka in the Chūbu region.
The short is part of McDonald's new “Crew ni Narō. Campaign” (Join the Crew. Campaign) to attract part-time restaraunt staff members. It depicts the coming-of-age of a new crew member named Sumire.
AKB48 idol group member Yui Yokoyama, AKB48 Team 8 member Rin Okabe, and other members voice the characters. There is a different version of the short for each region of Japan, and the AKB48 Team 8 members voice Sumire in each version. There are already different versions for Kansai , Tohoku, and Shikoku.
Studio Colorido ( Taifū no Noruda ) animated the shorts. Studio Colorido has previously animated ads for the Puzzle & Dragons mobile game, the “Ryōtei no Aji” commercials for food manufacturer Marukome's instant miso soup, and the 10th anniversary special animation for Fuji TV ‘s Noitamina block, “Poulette Chair.”
More from Anime News Network:
The United States government has overestimated the amount of shame that it and American citizens can live down. On February 15 "the indispensable people" had to suffer the hypocrisy of the U.S. Secretary of State delivering a speech about America's commitment to Internet freedom while the U.S. Department of Justice (sic) brought unconstitutional action against Twitter to reveal any connection between WikiLeaks and Bradley Manning, the American hero who, in keeping with the U.S. Military Code, exposed U.S. government war crimes and who is being held in punishing conditions not permitted by the U.S. Constitution. The corrupt U.S. government is trying to create a "conspiracy" case against Julian Assange in order to punish him for revealing U.S. government documents that prove beyond every doubt the mendacity of the U.S. government.
This is pretty bad, but it pales in comparison to the implications revealed on February 15 in the British newspaper, The Guardian.
The Guardian obtained an interview with "Curveball," the source for Colin Powell's speech of total lies to the United Nations about Iraqi Weapons of Mass Destruction. Colin Powell's speech created the stage for the illegal American invasion of Iraq. The Guardian describes "Curveball" as "the man who pulled off one of the greatest confidence tricks in the history of modern intelligence." As The Guardian puts it, "Curveball" "manufactured a tale of dread."
U.S. "intelligence" never interviewed "Curveball." The Americans started a war based on second-hand information given to them by incompetent German intelligence, which fell for "Curveball's" lies that today German intelligence disbelieves.
As the world now knows, Saddam Hussein had no weapons of mass destruction (WMD). The Bush/Cheney Regime, of course, knew this, but "Curveball's" lies were useful to their undeclared agenda. In his interview with The Guardian, "Curveball," Rafid Ahmed Alwan al-Janabi, admitted that he made the whole story up. He wanted to do in Saddam Hussein and told whatever fantasy lie he could make up that would serve his purpose.
If the Bush/Cheney regime had really believed that Saddam Hussein had world-threatening weapons of mass destruction, it would have been a criminal act to concentrate America's invading force in a small area of Kuwait where a few WMD could have wiped out the entire U.S. invasion force, thus ending the war before it began.
Some Americans are so thoughtless that they would say that Saddam Hussein would never have used the weapons, because we would have done this and that to Iraq, even nuking Baghdad. But why would Saddam Hussein care if he and his regime were already marked for death? Why would a doomed man desist from inflicting an extraordinary defeat on the American Superpower, thus encouraging Arabs everywhere? Moreover, if Saddam Hussein was unwilling to use his WMD against an invading force, when would he ever use them? It was completely obvious to the U.S. government that no such weapons existed. The weapons inspectors made that completely clear to the Bush/Cheney regime. There were no Iraqi WMD, and everyone in the U.S. government was apprised of that fact.
Why was there no wonder or comment in the "free" media that the White House accused Iraq of possession of terrible weapons of mass destruction, but nevertheless concentrated its invasion force in such a small area that such weapons could easily have wiped out the invading force?
Does democracy really exist in a land where the media is incompetent and the government is unaccountable and lies through its teeth every time it opens its mouth?
"Curveball" represents a new level of immorality. Rafid al-Janabi shares responsibility for one million dead Iraqis, 4 million displaced Iraqis, a destroyed country, 4,754 dead American troops, 40,000 wounded and maimed American troops, $3 trillion of wasted US resources, every dollar of which is adebt burden to the American population and a threat to the dollar as reserve currency, ten years of propaganda and lies about terrorism and al Qaeda connections, an American "war on terror" that is destroying countless lives in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Somalia, and which has targeted Iran, and which has destroyed the Bill of Rights, the US Constitution, and the civil liberties that they guarantee. And the piece of lying excrement, Rafid al-Janabi, is proud that he brought Saddam Hussein's downfall at such enormous expense.
Now that Rafid al-Janabi is revealed in the Guardian interview, how safe is he? There are millions of Iraqis capable of exterminating him for their suffering, and tens of thousands of Americans whose lives have been ruined by Rafid al-Janabi's lies.
Why does the U.S. government pursue Julian Assange and WikiLeaks for telling the truth when "Curveball," whose lies wiped out huge numbers of people along with America's reputation, thinks he can start a political party in Iraq? If al-Janabi is not killed the minute he appears in Iraq, it will be a miracle.
So we are left to contemplate that a totally incompetent American government has bought enormous instability to its puppet states in the Middle East, because it desperately wanted to believe faulty "intelligence" from Germany that an immoralist provided evidence that Saddam Hussein had Weapons of Mass Destruction.
And America is a superpower, an indispensable nation.
What a total joke!
Read more by Paul Craig Roberts
Simon Johnson, the former chief economist at the International Monetary Fund, is the co-author of “13 Bankers.”
Some House and Senate Republicans have pushed hard to include a “balanced budget” constitutional amendment as part of any agreement on a debt ceiling, and the final accord — passed Monday by the House of Representatives and awaiting action by the Senate — identified such an amendment as one path to the bill's deficit-cutting provisions.
Today's Economist Perspectives from expert contributors. Its supporters say such an amendment is a way to keep spending and deficits under control by requiring that federal spending not exceed revenues. But there are three main problems with this potential approach as it is currently articulated.
The first issue, which has been forcefully identified by my fellow Economix blogger Bruce Bartlett, is that there is no way to make this amendment work. The language proposed would, as part of the “balance,” limit federal government spending to 18 percent of gross domestic product, and only a two-thirds majority in both houses of Congress could waive that limit. On the table, in effect, is a balanced budget amendment with a spending cap.
G.D.P. is not a legal concept but an economic measure, the details of which change all the time, subject to the prevailing view of best practice among statisticians. To take one example, the flow value of housing services for people who own their houses is imputed to create a number that is roughly equivalent to what renters pay.
The goal is to measure more accurately a key component of consumption, which represents the largest category of spending within G.D.P. But let me emphasize the “roughly equivalent” — the models used are sometimes called into question and must be revised from time to time. And imputed spending on housing is a big number – probably around $1 trillion in today's economy (with total G.D.P. at about $15 trillion).
If an enterprising future administration wanted to lower spending relative to measured G.D.P., it could convene a panel of experts that could duly find that our current practice of not valuing household services — like cooking and taking care of children — is a statistical aberration as well as an affront to people who work very hard providing those. That should add at least $5 trillion to our annual G.D.P.
Alternatively, a statistical adjustment in the other direction would force real and painful spending cuts. The Constitution is the wrong place to pursue such details.
Second and more seriously, imagine that this constitutional amendment were in place and that federal spending were roughly at its limit relative to the size of the economy. Then, what happens should the financial sector blow up again — either through no fault of its own (which, believe it or not, is the current prevailing myth on Wall Street about 2007-9) or because of some toxic combination of malfeasance and malpractice (the current predominant view of 2007-9 among many other people)?
The blame game is irrelevant when G.D.P. drops 10 percent; the issue is how to prevent a Great Depression. But note that with such a decline in G.D.P., a level of nominal spending that was 18 percent of G.D.P. is suddenly 20 percent, and now a constitutional crisis awaits – even before we get to the question of whether tax cuts or other forms of stimulus might be appropriate.
It makes no sense to take aim, as a matter of constitutional process, at two numbers that are both outcomes of deeper economic processes.
And to be frank, sometimes it makes a great deal of sense to apply an economic stimulus to an economy in free fall. One such moment was 1930 (and 1931 and 1932), when no stimulus was applied. Other moments were 2008 and 2009; both President Bush and President Obama initiated stimulus packages. When credit for and confidence in the private sector evaporates, do you really want the government sector to be forced to make quick cuts — or to raise taxes?
Third, why is 18 percent of G.D.P. the right number to set in stone? The argument given — for example, at a recent hearing of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress — is that this is what the federal government has spent, on average, in recent decades.
Well, so what? The federal government, after all, used to spend much less — see the important new book “Government Versus Markets: The Changing Economic Role of the State” by Vito Tanzi on the relevant history (and much more).
Alternatively, as the United States begins to have a larger share of older people relative to the total population, perhaps it makes sense to increase spending — as a share of the total economy — on people over the age of 65?
Or, given today's problems in public education, perhaps we should consider investing more in children who can — if they are able to become sufficiently productive — support an aging population while paying only moderate taxes.
What is the right amount of federal government spending relative to G.D.P.? That's a great question, worthy of considerable deliberation, including during the presidential election campaign of 2012. But setting it in stone now at precisely 18 percent of G.D.P. makes no sense.
As an independent filmmaker, social media can be your best friend and your worst enemy. As much as you may hate it, it is a necessary evil when it comes to marketing your work–a reality which can cause huge amounts of stress for even the most confident filmmakers. In today's society, it is vital to keep your Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram up to date in order to generate buzz, and keep it. One of the best ways to spread the word and promote your film is through the use of hashtags.
Here at Colaborator, we use social media constantly to speak to our target group of professional filmmakers. These are the hashtags that we have found most effective in reaching that filmmaking community:
1) #indiefilm
The most popular hashtag when it comes to independent films. Using this will put you in front of a broad group of artists and enthusiasts. Although it may not be as fascinating or specific as you would like, you will be broadcasting to a very large audience.
2) #filmmaking, #filmmakers
Social media helps level the playing field in all industries, including this one. Filmmakers can share their work and learn from others without spending a penny. These two are bread and butter for your hashtag blocks.
3) #FilmmakersFriday
But only on Friday, of course!
4) #SupportIndieFilm
According to RiteTag.com, this hashtag gets exposure to about 69,775 users per hour. This is an important hashtag because it's not necessarily composed of all filmmakers. They may be aspiring actors or simply people who like to watch independent films. This includes people looking to help crowdfund or support films they think deserve to be noticed.
5) #Crowdfunding
Another one to attract those interested in supporting independent projects.
6) #Scriptchat
This one works particularly well if you're interested in reaching writers and writing fans looking to give feedback on, and develop, budding projects. A great source of likes and shares, as fellow working writers support each other.
7) #filmcurious
Seed & Spark is a popular crowdfunding service for filmmakers with a 75% success rate on their campaigns. They have biweekly Twitter chats using the hashtag #filmcurious to discuss their experiences and advice, as well as connect with the filmmaking community in general. They've also hosted guest speakers like entertainment lawyers. Networking can be a powerful tool for bringing new interest and audiences to your work.
8) #WomeninFilm
Identity-based support hashtags are huge, and none huger than #WomeninFilm. It leads to surprisingly large amounts of likes and shares, as activists are more likely than anybody to promote projects that support their missions.
9) #[genre]
Attract more attention by targeting a specific area of interest. Is your film a documentary? Add in: #documentary, or go a step further and include the general subject (eg: #food #foodie #documentary, #fooddoc). Trying to engage a specific group related to your theme? Add a specific hashtag that they would follow. For example, if your film has a strong female presence, hashtag #womeninfilm. The world of indie film is vast, and letting people know the focus of your work will help it gain relevance.
Using hashtagify.me, you can search the subject of your film and see what hashtags are most closely related. This will also help you find Twitter influencers in that area and figure out the kinds of things they tweet and hashtag to their large followings.
10) #[YourMovieTitle]
This may seem a little obvious, but it's important. Creative film titles draw people's curiosity. Using a title hashtag will also allow your followers to easily keep up to date with news about the film, especially if you are tweeting from a personal account rather than one created for your film.
*Note: Depending on what you have decided to name your film, you might want to include the word “film” or “movie” in your hashtag. For example, Spotlight (who just won best picture) used the hashtag/handle “SpotlightMovie” to avoid ambiguity.
Honorable Mention: Trending hashtags
Also remember to keep up with trending hashtags. This could mean entertainment award shows, moviemaking news, or film festivals. It could also mean just something random going on in the news that is somewhat relevant to your film. If it is at all related, tweet about it! Those tags get a lot of traffic and someone who would not normally come across your work might just do that.
They're not Birthers, wackos, Christian nationalists, or particularly consumed by whether President Barack Obama is a Marxist or a socialist. Nevertheless they are steadfast conservatives hell bent on turning back the clock on the rights of workers; destroying what's left of organized labor, undermining struggles by non-union workers, and eliminating many of the achievements workers have fought for over the past seventy-five years.
Couched as a response to difficult fiscal conditions, Republican governors and Republican-led state legislatures – many of them in battleground states -- have been working hard at eviscerating the rights of public employees. Public workers, however, aren't the only target of wealthy right-wing funders, major corporate lobbies, and corporate-funded lobbying organizations; non-union and private sector workers are also seen as fair game.
And, despite the bad publicity it received over its involvement with Stand Your Ground legislation in a number of states -- information that was revealed in the wake of the murder of Trayvon Martin -- the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) is playing a prominent role in an anti-labor coalition whose agenda is moving along at breakneck speed.
The assault on workers' rights have multiplied in the past few years. In addition to Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's anti-union assault, "collective bargaining rights were eliminated for Tennessee schoolteachers, Oklahoma municipal employees, graduate student research assistants in Michigan, and farmworkers and child care providers in Maine," according to an Economic Policy Institute report written by Gordon Lafer.
"Michigan and Pennsylvania both created 'emergency financial managers' authorized to void union contracts. New Jersey and Minnesota's legislatures both voted to limit public employees' ability to bargain over health care. Ohio legislators adopted a law — later overturned by citizen referendum — largely imitating Wisconsin's, prohibiting employees from bargaining over anything but wages, outlawing strikes, and doing away with the practice of binding arbitration. ... Indiana, which had already eliminated most collective bargaining rights for state employees in 2006, adopted new legislation that prohibits even voluntary agreements with state employee unions."
The EPI report, titled The Legislative Attack on American Wages and Labor Standards, 2011–2012, "seeks to illuminate the agenda to undermine wages and labor standards being advanced for non-union Americans in order to understand how this fits with the far better-publicized assaults on the rights of unionized employees. By documenting the similarities in how analogous bills have been advanced in multiple states, the report establishes the extent to which legislation emanates not from state officials responding to local economic conditions, but from an economic and policy agenda fueled by national corporate lobbies that aim to lower wages and labor standards across the country."
According to the EPI report, "In 2011 and 2012, state legislatures undertook numerous efforts to undermine wages and labor standards":
"Four states passed laws restricting the minimum wage, four lifted restrictions on child labor, and 16 imposed new limits on benefits for the unemployed."
"States also passed laws stripping workers of overtime rights, repealing or restricting rights to sick leave, undermining workplace safety protections, and making it harder to sue one's employer for race or sex discrimination."
"Legislation has been pursued making it harder for employees to recover unpaid wages (i.e., wage theft) and banning local cities and counties from establishing minimum wages or rights to sick leave."
"For the 93 percent of private-sector employees who have no union contract, laws on matters such as wages and sick time define employment standards and rights on the job. Thus, this agenda to undermine wages and working conditions is aimed primarily at non-union, private-sector employees."
This type of legislation is supported by such "major corporate lobbies" as the Chamber of Commerce, National Federation of Independent Business, and National Association of Manufacturers, and by "corporate-funded lobbying organizations" such as Americans for Tax Reform, the Koch brothers–backed Americans for Prosperity, and the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).
ALEC Unhinged
Despite it being chastised for initiating Stand Your Ground laws and having a number corporate-sponsors jump ship, ALEC, registered as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, is still a major player in this network. ALEC's methodology is both fascinatingly subversive and successful. Bill Moyers has called ALEC "the most influential corporate-funded political force most of America has never heard of."
Gordon Lafer, a political economist and an associate professor at the University of Oregon's Labor Education and Research Center, points out in the EPI report that among its 2000 members are numerous state senate presidents and house speakers. The organization continues to provide lavish accommodations for legislators at its conferences, "where committees composed of equal numbers of public and private officials draft proposals for model legislation."
ALEC's staff then takes the ideas and molds them into "legislative language and produces supporting policy reports. Thus state legislators with little time, staff, or expertise are able to introduce fully formed and professionally supported legislation. Ultimately, the key 'exchange' that ALEC facilitates is between corporate donors and state legislators: The corporations pay ALEC's expenses, contribute to legislators' campaigns, and fund the state-level think tanks that promote legislation; in return, legislators carry the corporate agenda into their statehouses. Over the past decade, ALEC's leading corporate backers have contributed more than $370 million to state elections, and over 100 laws a year based on ALEC's model bills have been adopted."
The report also notes that "Virtually all of the initiatives described in this report — including forced privatization, 'right to work,' and abolishing minimum-wage and prevailing-wage laws — reflect model statutes developed by ALEC and promoted through its network. This dimension of ALEC's work is not aimed at immediately enhancing specific donors' revenues, but at reshaping the fundamental balance of power between workers and employers."
For more on ALEC's operations, see the testimony that Lisa Graves, the Executive Director of the Center for Media and Democracy, gave in late October before Senate Judiciary Committee's Subcommittee on the Constitution, Civil Rights, and Human Rights for a hearing on "'Stand Your Ground' Laws: Civil Rights and Public Safety Implications of the Expanded Use of Deadly Force."
Anti-worker projects have been brewing in conservative circles since at least the administration of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and his New Deal. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's attacks on public workers in Wisconsin brought these battles to the forefront and ushered in renewed attacks on workers' rights. Turning back these assaults will be critical to the health and welfare of working people.
_______
About author Bill Berkowitz is a longtime observer of the conservative movement. His Conservative Watch columns document the strategies, players, institutions, victories and defeats of the American Right.
Greetings fellow Citizens! Welcome to INNside the ‘Verse Episode 32!
Click the download button on the right side of the player to download the podcast!
ITUNES! STITCHER!
This week on INNside the ‘Verse, we have the MASTER of Ceremonies, the hostiest of hosts… ERRIS! Joined by none other than the oft-unseen but always vigilant Wolf Larsen, the sane version of a certain celebrity CmdrCruisinTom, and the incredible… the one and only fleet master himself… CLIFFORD AKA MIKU!!!!!!
01:22 – Interview with Clifford AKA Miku
10:55 – Discussion with the newly returned Wolf Larsen!
12:15 – INN Rewind with Wolf Larsen
14:55 – THE NEWS… with CCT!
18:35 – Erris asks: “Do you think FPS will be out by the end of September?”
20:20 – CitizenCon update!
As always, let us know what you think about this episode!
Also as always, all editing done by the incorruptible Mr. White!
Defense Secretary Ashton Carter comes (back) to government service via the military-industrial complex . Whether in the "private" sector or in government military positions, Carter has made his fortune (and those of others) pushing an aggressive and interventionist US foreign policy.Secretary Carter was in Berlin yesterday, pushing the idea that Germany needs to massively increase its military spending to counter what he calls "Russian aggression" in Europe. Currently Germany spends approximately one percent of its GDP on the military and Carter would like to see that amount doubled.
But Carter's Pentagon also sent a troubling message to Germany that one hopes stems from a confused understanding of 20th century history.
Germany must “dispose of the cold war playbook,” a senior military official said, and instead should " increase [its] security role in the world, commensurate with [its] political and economic weight."
Germany must forget the post-World War II relative balance in Europe and again assert itself militarily as the master of the European land mass, they urge. Germans, who have been flagellating themselves for more than seven decades over the sins of the monsters who seized power in the 1930s, will hopefully reject the revisitation of such a role.
Is Ashton Carter encouraging Germany to gear up for another invasion of Russia? It is unclear but implied.
...[W]e're attentive to the hybrid aspects of potential contingencies. Hybrid meaning -- I assume you know what the expression means. But so paying attention hybrid warfare, and the ability to deter that.
Meanwhile Syria falls prey to the Islamic State after four years of US covert and overt action to undermine its sovereign government, Libya continuously descends into a new level of hell after an illegal US-led "liberation," and, of course, a duly-elected government in Ukraine was overthrown with US backing (and
The "rules-based international order" for Carter and his neocons means that the US makes the rules and the US issues the orders.
defend...the rules-based international order."Meanwhile Syria falls prey to the Islamic State after four years of US covert and overt action to undermine its sovereign government, Libya continuously descends into a new level of hell after an illegal US-led "liberation," and, of course, a duly-elected government in Ukraine was overthrown with US backing (and cookies ).The "rules-based international order" for Carter and his neocons means that the US makes the rules and the US issues the orders.
Please donate to the Ron Paul Institute Copyright © 2015 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.
In Carter's mind, the current stand-off in Europe stems from Russia's attempt to resurrect the Soviet Union and the Cold War. Russia is trying to "drag us back to the past," he complained yesterday. And the US will not allow that to happen.Asked how exactly Russian "aggression" takes shape on the ground in Europe, Carter again throws out the catch-phrase "hybrid," which we are supposed to know means...well whatever the Pentagon and the Beltway think-tankarians want it to mean. Remember " COIN ?"Said Carter:While condemning Russian "hybrid" aggression (although Russia maintains no major military bases outside its territory), the US-dominated NATO has announced plans to station thousands of US troops -- 40,000 total -- and heavy military equipment on Russia's border in the Baltics.Not content with a "readiness task force" or even a "high readiness task force," Carter has announced the need for a "very high readiness task force" to counter this Russian "hybrid" aggression, and Carter intends to underscore this point by jumping aboard a US warship fresh from the largest NATO military exercise in history held in the Baltic sea.Carter defiantly asserted that while the US does not seek a cold or hot war with Russia, it would "
World's population set to reach 11.2bn by end of century BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The world's population is expected to reach 8.5 billion by 2030 and 9.7 billion in 2050 before hitting 11.2 billion people by the end of the century, a new UN report says. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/worlds-population-set-to-reach-11-2bn-by-end-of-century-31413743.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article31413742.ece/21776/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-e4300794-1e99-4ff2-8176-4cfe8d8aa957_I1.jpg
Email
The world's population is expected to reach 8.5 billion by 2030 and 9.7 billion in 2050 before hitting 11.2 billion people by the end of the century, a new UN report says.
The research also claimed that India's population is set to pass China's in size around 2022.
Population estimates play a huge role as the international community tries to figure out how to slow the danger of global warming while pursuing the ambitious goals of eliminating poverty and hunger.
The current world population is 7.3 billion.
Nine countries are expected to make up half of the world's population growth between now and 2050: India, Nigeria, Pakistan, Congo, Ethiopia, Tanzania, the US, Indonesia and Ghana.
Hello all you fantasy managers! We're getting closer to the start of the 2017 season and that also means that every day the start of the fantasy season also grows nearer. When will it be? Only Ben Baer knows, but that does not stop any of us from dreaming about the changes that may take place during this fantasy preseason.
Earlier this week, Last Word on Sports invited MLS Fantasy Boss and MLS Fantasy Insider to participate in a fantasy preseason interview. It's a short segment but Reid, Mike, and Blayne all take some time to quickly review the 2016 season, share some of their initial thoughts on their hopes for 2017, and give an early preview of some of the players they are keeping an eye on.
So if you're a veteran looking for some quality fantasy discussion or a new player who is just trying to get an idea as where to start, fantasy preseason interview is something you should take some time to listen to.
LWOS Fantasy Preseason Interview
Share this: Tweet
Email
Print
The top Democrats on two House committees are urging President Trump to make sure that the U.S. doesn't default on its debt, as the borrowing limit is set to be reinstated this week.
“It is imperative that you, like all of your predecessors, send a clear message that the United States will continue to pay its debts, on time, and in full,” House Budget Committee ranking member John Yarmuth John Allen YarmuthOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration White House to propose using budget maneuver to prevent defense spending cuts Dems face internal battle over budget MORE (D-Ky.) and House Ways and Means Committee ranking member Richard Neal (D-Mass.) said Monday in a letter to Trump.
The federal debt limit will be reinstated on Thursday, after Congress in 2015 voted to suspend the limit through Wednesday. After that, the Treasury Department can use "extraordinary measures" on a temporary basis to avoid a default.
ADVERTISEMENT
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin last week called on Congress to raise the debt limit "at the first opportunity," and he announced the department's plans to start using the extraordinary measures. The Congressional Budget Office said that Treasury is likely to be able to use extraordinary measures until the fall.
Neal and Yarmuth said that it is important for Congress to raise the debt limit so that the U.S. can continue to pay its obligations, such as Social Security and Medicare benefits, veterans' healthcare benefits and interest on U.S. Treasury bonds.
“You have promised the American people that you will not support Republican proposals to cut Social Security and Medicare," the lawmakers told Trump. "We would remind you that a failure to raise the debt limit would also prevent us from honoring those promises to seniors.”
Some Republican lawmakers have suggested that the U.S. could default on obligations other than paying debt service. But Neal and Yarmuth said that entertaining a default and delaying a debt-limit increase has previously had a negative impact on the economy.
“We ask you to clearly disavow this reckless and harmful position and affirm your commitment to a clean bill that honors the full faith and credit of the United States,” they said.
If Trump can't convince congressional GOP leaders to quickly raise the debt ceiling, the administration should provide Congress and the financial markets with information about how long the extraordinary measures can delay a default, Neal and Yarmuth said.
Who is really competing in the health tracking market? Fitbit, Jawbone, Withings, Xiaomi, and Apple? Or, are we competing with the devices themselves, trying to figure out how to use them best?
If you own a health tracker you know how hard it is to make deep sense of your data. Aside from step goals, there really isn't anything impressive about them. If you don't own a health tracker, it's probably because of the aforementioned reason.
As if that weren't bad enough, health tracking is expensive. It requires an upfront investment that isn't obviously justifiable. Personally, I dished out $159 for the Withings Cardio Scale, $300 for the Apple Watch, and $99 for the Fibit Flex 2. They are nothing more than tools…expensive tools that beginners find frustratingly hard to find long-lasting value in.
In fact, I would compare the “hobby” of health tracking to golf. The upfront investment of buying clubs can be pricey. Generally, an inexperienced golfer has no fun learning golf and will quit the sport altogether after a couple of attempts.
But, just like the sport of golf, we can learn the fundamentals of health tracking from the pros, the people who really understand what this data is good for.
First, we must understand that simply buying the tools isn't enough; they are just the foundation for a concept known as the Quantified Self. Essentially, the Quantified Self is an evolution of the modern human being that has transformed their subjective, daily rituals and feelings into quantifiable data that can be analyzed for better understanding of their own life. The Quantified Self brings clarity to health, fitness, productivity, lifestyle, etc…
By transforming the subjective nature of daily life into objective numbers, individuals can look at their own habits from the outside looking in, making changes that are necessary to an overall healthier existence.
Uncovering your Quantified Self is a daunting task, though. It is a formidable opponent that shouldn't be taken lightly. Many have tried, some have stuck with it, and few have any time to tell the story of how they tamed this beast.
The Inevitable Human is my story, an ongoing process of capturing my Quantified Self — so that you can learn from my mishaps and successes, and inspire you to do the same.
One month in, I've found that the hardest part of this daunting mission is making my data uniquely mine. Obviously the data is “mine”, since it comes from my lifestyle. But, the Fitbit interface hasn't been able to grow with me — progressing as my Quantified Self evolves. Don't get me wrong, it is good for beginners, but after inputting my information, I can't help but feel like just another number. All the goals are generic, they haven't progressed as I've easily surpassed the daily 10,000 steps.
After researching other interfaces, I stumbled across Gyroscope, an operating system for the human body — which aggregates all the data from your wearable sensors. My first reaction was that this is a tool that will grow alongside me, offering new possibilities as I change habits, add new data tracking to the mix, and begin to understand my Quantified Self.
Now that I've been tracking my data for a month, and have been able to use Gyroscope's customizable interface to begin analyzing insights, I've stumbled across something I never knew about myself.
By tracking my health data, I've realized how many places I haven't been. Not in the sense of traveling, but rather with my daily routine. On a daily basis, I average over 14,000 steps. Yet, in all of April, I only visited 42 different places.
Women earn 18% less than men on average, according to new research that highlights the challenge facing Theresa May in closing Britain's stubbornly wide gender pay gap.
The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) also found that the gap balloons after women have children, raising the prospect that mothers are missing out on pay rises and promotions. That is echoed by a separate report on Tuesday suggesting that male managers are 40% more likely than female managers to be promoted.
May highlighted the gulf between men's and women's earnings in her first statement as prime minister when she vowed to create a “Britain that works for everyone”.
But underscoring the struggle her government will face in closing the gender pay gap, the IFS study hints at an entrenched penalty for those women who have children. The pay gap widens consistently for 12 years after a first child is born, by which point women receive 33% less pay an hour than men, according to the research funded by the Joseph Rowntree Foundation.
More than four decades after the Equal Pay Act, there is some encouraging news in the report. The current 18% gap in hourly wages is down from 23% in 2003 and 28% in 1993, the IFS notes.
But at the same time, its research reveals there has been little improvement for graduates and women with A-levels. For the mid-level and highly educated, the gender wage gap is essentially the same as it was 20 years ago.
“The gap between the hourly pay of higher-educated men and women has not closed at all in the last 20 years,” said Robert Joyce, associate director at IFS and one of the report's authors.
“The reduction in the overall gender wage gap has been the result of more women becoming highly educated, and a decline in the wage gap among the lowest-educated.”
The thinktank says the widening of the hourly wage gap after childbirth is associated with working fewer hours. However women do not see an immediate cut in hourly pay when they reduce their hours. Rather, women who work 20 hours or less per week lose out on subsequent pay rises, meaning that the hourly wages of colleagues in full-time work pull further and further ahead.
Sam Smethers, chief executive at the Fawcett campaign group, said the findings underlined the urgent need for more quality part-time jobs. “We are wasting women's skills and experience because of the way we choose to structure our labour market,” she said. “Part-time workers can be the most productive, yet reduced hours working becomes a career cul-de-sac for women from which they can't recover.”
But Mark Littlewood, director general at the free market thinktank the Institute of Economic Affairs, said the study showed employer discrimination was not to blame for the gender pay gap. “If anything, the IFS has provided us with more evidence that the wage gap has nothing to do with gender discrimination. As the study itself notes, women who take time off work and return doing fewer hours are not getting paid less per hour.”
Former prime minister David Cameron had vowed to “end the gender pay gap in a generation” and new government rules are coming in next April that will force bigger employers to publish their pay gap. The UK has also introduced more free childcare and shared parental leave but equality campaigners are concerned too few families can afford for fathers to take it.
Responding to the IFS study a government spokeswoman said: “We want to make our country a place where there is no limit on anyone's ambition or what they can achieve – that means making sure everyone, regardless of their gender, can succeed at work.
“The gender pay gap is the lowest on record but we know we need to make more progress and faster. That's why we are pushing ahead with plans to force businesses to publish their gender pay and gender bonus gap.”
A separate report from the Chartered Management Institute (CMI) attempts to shed some light on women's lack of pay progression by analysing the salary data of more than 60,000 UK managers and professionals. In the past year 14% of men in management roles were promoted into higher positions compared with 10% of women.
The research, carried out with pay analysts XpertHR, cited the difference in promotion rates as one of the main causes of the gender pay gap. The CMI's measure of the pay gap for managers was 23.1% for this year, compared with 22.8% in 2015.
CMI's chief executive, Ann Francke, said the rules on reporting pay gaps should force employers to analyse any discrepancies in the salaries of male and female employees. “Promoting men ahead of women is keeping us all back,” she said. “Diversity delivers better financial results, better culture and better decision making.
“Transparency and targets are what we need to deal with stubborn problems like the gender pay gap.”
The researchers also found there were fewer women in executive positions than men. Women comprise 73% of the workforce in entry and junior level roles but female representation drops to 42% at senior management level and 32% at director level.
Mark Crail, content director at XpertHR, commented: “The gender pay gap is not primarily about men and women being paid differently for doing the same job. It's much more about men being present in greater numbers than women the higher up the organisation you go.”
Press release
English French German Swedish
6 October 2003
The Nobel Assembly at Karolinska Institutet has today decided to award
The Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for 2003 jointly to
Paul C Lauterbur and Peter Mansfield
for their discoveries concerning “magnetic resonance imaging”
Summary
Imaging of human internal organs with exact and non-invasive methods is very important for medical diagnosis, treatment and follow-up. This year's Nobel Laureates in Physiology or Medicine have made seminal discoveries concerning the use of magnetic resonance to visualize different structures. These discoveries have led to the development of modern magnetic resonance imaging, MRI, which represents a breakthrough in medical diagnostics and research.
Atomic nuclei in a strong magnetic field rotate with a frequency that is dependent on the strength of the magnetic field. Their energy can be increased if they absorb radio waves with the same frequency (resonance). When the atomic nuclei return to their previous energy level, radio waves are emitted. These discoveries were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1952. During the following decades, magnetic resonance was used mainly for studies of the chemical structure of substances. In the beginning of the 1970s, this year's Nobel Laureates made pioneering contributions, which later led to the applications of magnetic resonance in medical imaging.
Paul Lauterbur (born 1929), Urbana, Illinois, USA, discovered the possibility to create a two-dimensional picture by introducing gradients in the magnetic field. By analysis of the characteristics of the emitted radio waves, he could determine their origin. This made it possible to build up two-dimensional pictures of structures that could not be visualized with other methods.
Peter Mansfield (born 1933), Nottingham, England, further developed the utilization of gradients in the magnetic field. He showed how the signals could be mathematically analysed, which made it possible to develop a useful imaging technique. Mansfield also showed how extremely fast imaging could be achievable. This became technically possible within medicine a decade later.
Magnetic resonance imaging, MRI, is now a routine method within medical diagnostics. Worldwide, more than 60 million investigations with MRI are performed each year, and the method is still in rapid development. MRI is often superior to other imaging techniques and has significantly improved diagnostics in many diseases. MRI has replaced several invasive modes of examination and thereby reduced the risk and discomfort for many patients.
Nuclei of hydrogen atoms
Water constitutes about two thirds of the human body weight, and this high water content explains why magnetic resonance imaging has become widely applicable to medicine. There are differences in water content among tissues and organs. In many diseases the pathological process results in changes of the water content, and this is reflected in the MR image.
Water is a molecule composed of hydrogen and oxygen atoms. The nuclei of the hydrogen atoms are able to act as microscopic compass needles. When the body is exposed to a strong magnetic field, the nuclei of the hydrogen atoms are directed into order – stand “at attention”. When submitted to pulses of radio waves, the energy content of the nuclei changes. After the pulse, a resonance wave is emitted when the nuclei return to their previous state.
The small differences in the oscillations of the nuclei are detected. By advanced computer processing, it is possible to build up a three-dimensional image that reflects the chemical structure of the tissue, including differences in the water content and in movements of the water molecules. This results in a very detailed image of tissues and organs in the investigated area of the body. In this manner, pathological changes can be documented.
Several Nobel Prizes
The resonance phenomenon is governed by a simple relation between the strength of the magnetic field and the frequency of the radio waves. For every type of atomic nucleus with unpaired protons and/or neutrons, there is a mathematical constant by which it is possible to determine the wavelength as a function of the strength of the magnetic field. This phenomenon was demonstrated in 1946 for protons (the smallest of all atomic nuclei) by Felix Bloch and Edward Mills Purcell, USA. They were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1952.
Other fundamental discoveries concerning magnetic resonance have in recent years resulted in two Nobel Prizes in Chemistry. In 1991, Richard Ernst, Switzerland, was awarded for his contributions to the development of the methodology of high resolution nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy. In 2002, Kurt Wüthrich, also Switzerland, was awarded for his development of nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy for determination of the three-dimensional structure of biological macromolecules in solution.
Discoveries of importance to medicine
This year's Nobel Laureates in Physiology or Medicine are awarded for crucial achievements in the development of applications of medical importance. In the beginning of the 1970s, they made seminal discoveries concerning the development of the technique to visualize different structures. These findings provided the basis for the development of magnetic resonance into a useful imaging method.
Paul Lauterbur discovered that introduction of gradients in the magnetic field made it possible to create two-dimensional images of structures that could not be visualized by other techniques. In 1973, he described how addition of gradient magnets to the main magnet made it possible to visualize a cross-section of tubes with ordinary water surrounded by heavy water. No other imaging method can differentiate between ordinary and heavy water.
Peter Mansfield utilized gradients in the magnetic field in order to more precisely show differences in the resonance. He showed how the detected signals rapidly and effectively could be analysed and transformed to an image. This was an essential step in order to obtain a practical method. Mansfield also showed how extremely rapid imaging could be achieved by very fast gradient variations (so called echo-planar scanning). This technique became useful in clinical practice a decade later.
Rapid development within medicine
The medical use of magnetic resonance imaging has developed rapidly. The first MRI equipments in health were available at the beginning of the 1980s. In 2002, approximately 22 000 MRI cameras were in use worldwide, and more than 60 million MRI examinations were performed.
A great advantage with MRI is that it is harmless according to all present knowledge. The method does not use ionizing radiation, in contrast to ordinary X-ray (Nobel Prize in Physics in 1901) or computer tomography (Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1979) examinations. However, patients with magnetic metal in the body or a pacemaker cannot be examined with MRI due to the strong magnetic field, and patients with claustrophobia may have difficulties undergoing MRI.
Especially valuable for examination of the brain and the spinal cord
Today, MRI is used to examine almost all organs of the body. The technique is especially valuable for detailed imaging of the brain and the spinal cord. Nearly all brain disorders lead to alterations in water content, which is reflected in the MRI picture. A difference in water content of less than a percent is enough to detect a pathological change.
In multiple sclerosis, examination with MRI is superior for diagnosis and follow-up of the disease. The symptoms associated with multiple sclerosis are caused by local inflammation in the brain and the spinal cord. With MRI, it is possible to see where in the nervous system the inflammation is localized, how intense it is, and also how it is influenced by treatment.
Another example is prolonged lower back pain, leading to great suffering for the patient and to high costs for the society. It is important to be able to differentiate between muscle pain and pain caused by pressure on a nerve or the spinal cord. MRI examinations have been able to replace previous methods which were unpleasant for the patient. With MRI, it is possible to see if a disc herniation is pressing on a nerve and to determine if an operation is necessary.
Important preoperative tool
Since MRI yields detailed three-dimensional images, it is possible to get distinct information on where a lesion is localized. Such information is valuable before surgery. For instance, in certain microsurgical brain operations, the surgeon can operate with guidance from the MRI results. The images are detailed enough to allow placement of electrodes in central brain nuclei in order to treat severe pain or to treat movement disorders in Parkinson's disease.
Improved diagnostics in cancer
MRI examinations are very important in diagnosis, treatment and follow-up of cancer. The images can exactly reveal the limits of a tumour, which contributes to more precise surgery and radiation therapy. Before surgery, it is important to know whether the tumour has infiltrated the surrounding tissue. MRI can more exactly than other methods differentiate between tissues and thereby contribute to improved surgery.
MRI has also improved the possibilities to ascertain the stage of a tumour, and this is important for the choice of treatment. For example, MRI can determine how deep in the tissue a colon cancer has infiltrated and whether regional lymph nodes have been affected.
Reduced suffering for patients
MRI can replace previously used invasive examinations and thereby reduce the suffering for many patients. One example is investigation of the pancreatic and bile ducts with contrast media injection via an endoscope. This can in some cases lead to serious complications. Today, corresponding information can be obtained by MRI.
Diagnostic arthroscopy (examination with an optic instrument inserted into the joint) can be replaced by MRI. In the knee, it is possible to perform detailed MRI studies of the joint cartilage and the cruciate ligaments. Since no invasive instrument is needed in MRI, the risk of infection is eliminated.
The illustrations were added after the first publication.
To cite this section
MLA style: Press release. NobelPrize.org. Nobel Media AB 2019. Tue. 26 Feb 2019. <https://www.nobelprize.org/prizes/medicine/2003/press-release/>
Chicago high school students may soon need to create a plan for their future in order to graduate.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel appeared on “CBS This Morning” on Wednesday to discuss his new proposal, which would require students to develop a post-high school plan before receiving a diploma.
Chicago would be the first city to adopt such a requirement if the measure is approved by the city's board of education.
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanual announced a proposal to require high school students to show an acceptance letter in order to graduate CBS News
“We live in a period of time where you earn what you learn,” Emanuel said. “The school system of K through 12 is not applicable to the world and the economy and the world that our high school students are graduating to. So we're moving to a pre-K to college model.”
Under the proposal, all Chicago Public School students starting with this year's freshman class would have to show an acceptance letter to a four-year university, a community college, a trade school or apprenticeship, an internship, or a branch of the armed services in order to receive their high school diploma.
“Around 62 percent of our kids are already either accepted into college or accepted into community college, and our goal is to make sure nobody spikes the ball at 12th grade,” Emanuel said on Wednesday. “We want to make 14th grade universal. That's the new goal line.”
Chicago Public Schools students would have to show acceptance into continuing education, a trade or the armed services in order to graduate from high school CBS News
Emanuel said the plan is a continuation of the city's efforts to provide more access to higher education, including free community college for students with a B average or better.
“We want to make sure our kids do not see graduation from high school as the end point, but all of them have a plan and all of them have a specific acceptance on how to go to post-high-school education,” Emanuel said.
The plan would allow students in special circumstances to waive the requirement. Undocumented immigrants, English language learners and currently incarcerated students would be able to apply for a waiver with Chicago Public Schools.
The viaduct on the left is Interstate 5.
(Renderings via An architect's rendering of the proposed six-story parking garage in the Rose Quarter.The viaduct on the left is Interstate 5.(Renderings via NextPortland
The city's economic development agency agreed this month to have city taxpayers make an eight-figure bet that driving to the Rose Quarter area is going to remain popular for decades.
The Portland Development Commission voted Feb. 10 to borrow $26 million from one of its property tax funds to build a new 425-stall parking garage on public land between NE Holladay Street, Multnomah Street, 1st Avenue and 2nd Avenue, across the street from the Rose Quarter Transit Center.
Fifty of those stalls would then be resold to TriMet for an estimated $8 million, and the other 375 would be set aside for rental to the publicly subsidized 600-room Hyatt Regency Convention Center Hotel that's supposed to go up across the street.
The PDC made headlines last fall for arguing that it couldn't afford to dedicate half of urban renewal tax revenue to affordable housing because it had too many other important priorities.
The PDC says it will turn a profit with this project, and an independent local parking consultant says in this case that's likely.
But the big public loan making it possible is coming at a time when more than half the private-sector hotels in Portland's central city aren't building any new parking at all.
NextPortland) (Source for most of this data
To be sure, all of these hotels will be catering to overnight guests and others who bring cars. But most of the privately funded hotels are choosing to rent spaces from nearby off-site parking garages rather than taking out long-term loans to finance new garages.
If the PDC's revenue projections for the garage turn out to be wrong, Lloyd District taxpayers will be on the hook. Any losses would come out of urban renewal funds that might otherwise be used for local street improvements — for example, planters along the protected bike lane on NE Multnomah, or reconstruction of NE Broadway for better walking, biking or transit.
By the same token, if the garage turns out to make money, the PDC would have more money to spare for such street improvements and other projects.
Garage revenue analysis is secret and came from firm with millions at stake in hotel project
The parking garage, left, is being built because the developers of the new 600-room hotel, right, said they require up to 375 parking spaces for guests and staff at all hours.
City officials say they're confident the garage will be profitable. In fact, they say it'll deliver $500,000 in profit, after operations and construction debt payments, out of about $2 million in annual revenue.
“If you were going to own a garage in town, this'd be the garage you'd want to own.”
— Bruce Wood, senior city project manager
“If you were going to own a garage in town, this'd be the garage you'd want to own,” said Bruce Wood, the PDC project manager working on the garage deal.
Wood said the PDC can't share the formula that was used to estimate the garage's revenues, because it's proprietary.
“They won't even send it to me,” Wood said.
In this case, “they” includes Schlesinger Companies, a Portland parking management and development firm. Wood said the company estimated that the garage will be able to get 90 percent of its revenue from a projected valet charge of $35 per car per night, which Wood said is on the low side in the Portland hotel market.
“All the models and everything were provided to us by the experts in the parking industry,” Wood said. “In this particular case, the Schlesingers were one source.”
The Schlesingers are also the people who own the land beneath the would-be hotel. They have been vocal advocates for the various public subsidies that have been lined up to support its construction.
“It's very important to our family to get this deal done,” Barry Schlesinger told Willamette Week in 2013 for an article that described his family's company as “troubled.”
Wood, the city project manager, said he is “not an expert on managing parking demand” and that he has never calculated what the projected revenue per stall would be in the garage; he only knows the total revenue projections from each anticipated use. But based on the garage's projected annual debt service of $1.3 million, plus $1,000 annual operation and maintenance cost per stall, the hotel portion of the garage would need to net an average of $12 per stall per day to break even, or $18 per day to deliver the $500,000 annual profit the PDC projects.
Though the formula Schlesinger Companies used to calculate demand for the garage is proprietary, PDC spokesman Shawn Uhlman said, the PDC is happy to share its outputs.
Independent parking consultant says garage will likely make money, but isn't sure why public must fund it
Rick Williams, a Portland-based parking consultant who ran the district's Go Lloyd business association for 20 years and does business with many of these players but has not been involved in the deal, said the PDC's assumptions of profitability are reasonable.
Mostly, that's because hotel parking is very lucrative.
“On the very top of the pyramid, for parking issues, is hotel parking,” Williams said.
Another reason the garage is likely to be a good investment, Williams said: hotel parking garages clear out during the day, so some spaces in the Hyatt lot could potentially be rented out to Lloyd District office workers, or to people attending daytime events at the Oregon Convention Center immediately to the south.
Thanks for reading BikePortland. Please consider a $10/month subscription or a one-time payment
to help maintain and expand this vital community resource.
Concerts and games at the Moda Center might also help fill stalls.
“I think it's got a good shot to be viable, because it has the capacity to stack those revenue sources,” Williams said.
But if a parking garage in this area is such a good idea, why isn't someone in the private sector — such as the Schlesinger family, or the Mortenson Development company that's helping develop the Hyatt — taking out a loan and pocketing the projected 25 percent profit itself?
“That's a very good question,” Williams said. “I don't know why the hotel doesn't build it, because I wasn't privy to that conversation.”
If city succeeds in reducing driving, garage deal could backfire
Critics of the deal say it makes no sense for the public to be helping finance a long-term future where a central-city hotel has a car parking stall for 62 percent of its rooms.
After all, by 2030 — 12 years into the lifespan of a garage, when it'll still be trying to pay off its construction loans — the city is aiming for only 30 percent of trips in the entire city to happen by car.
Another variable in the mix: self-driving cars. International business consulting group McKinsey and Company predicted last month that by 2030, 15 percent of new cars sold could be autonomous and 10 percent could be shared, with much higher rates in major cities. If that were to happen, demand for central-city parking could fall dramatically.
“Do we believe that a 600 room hotel in one of the most transit rich areas in one of the most transit/bike/walk-able cities in the nation, built adjacent to a light rail line that goes directly to the airport and downtown, in a district with over 3,000 structured spaces, will be parked to capacity in 2030?” asked Tony Jordan of the paid-parking advocacy group PDX Shoupistas in a blog post last week. “Doubtful. This is a dinosaur plan.”
Indeed, auto use among Portland tourists has already been falling much faster than auto use among Portland residents. As we reported in 2014, hotel and motel sales are up 26 percent since 2001, after inflation, but car rentals are down 13 percent.
“If we have a national convention, we have mostly out-of-town visitors who don't have cars here. They either walk or they take the MAX.”
— Scott Cruickshank, executive director, Oregon Convention Center
The argument for publicly subsidizing a large private hotel is that it will lure out-of-town conventions to Portland, bringing cash into the region's economy. But Scott Cruickshank, executive director of the Oregon Convention Center, said last week that almost no one who comes to Portland for an out-of-town convention is looking to park a car.
“If we have a national convention, we have mostly out-of-town visitors who don't have cars here,” Cruickshank said. “They either walk or they take the MAX. They don't typically rent cars and drive to the center.”
Cruickshank, like Williams, said he thinks the hotel needs its own parking garage — but not for the sort of national conventions that the hotel is theoretically being built to attract. Both said the planned garage will be useful for attracting local and regional conventions to which most people drive cars.
Wood said he approached Cruickshank to ask if the 800-space garage at the south end of the Convention Center site could meet the hotel developer's request for 375 guaranteed spaces at all hours. Cruickshank said no.
Not building parking garage would probably kill hotel deal, PDC warns
The location of the proposed parking garage. Across the freeway is the Moda Center, whose garages have 2,500 parking spaces. Immediately south is the Oregon Convention Center, whose garage has 800 parking spaces.
(Image: Portlandmaps.com)
The Portland Development Commission's Feb. 10 vote to finance the garage out of its urban renewal funds, previously reported by the Portland Business Journal and NextPortland, does not need to be approved by the Portland City Council, according to Uhlman. That means public funding for the project is a done deal.
(PDC commissioners are appointed by city council. Mayor Charlie Hales, a backer of the hotel, is the commissioner in charge of the PDC. When the city council voted on the hotel plan, only Commissioner Steve Novick opposed it.)
Both the garage and hotel are currently in land use review with the city's Bureau of Development Services.
According to the PDC's staff report on the measure, any decision not to finance and approve the parking garage would probably tank the hotel deal.
“If the Parking Garage does not move forward, it is unlikely that the Hotel would move forward,” the report says. “Without the Parking Garage, the Hotel would require a substantial redesign and additional financial resources to fund the required below-grade parking.”
Williams, the parking consultant, said he thinks 375 parking spaces for a 600-room hotel is relatively modest and in line with demand at other hotels. As for the possibility that autonomous car technology might cut the garage's revenue, he said that's possible but too vague to base a business plan on.
“It's a wave that people think is coming, but it's a wave that has no data,” Williams said. “Let's just build as little parking as we need.”
— Michael Andersen, (503) 333-7824 – michael@bikeportland.org
We need your help. Please become a subscriber today so we can continue to bring stories like this to life.
The Real Estate Beat is a regular column. You can sign up to get an email of Real Estate Beat posts (and nothing else) here, or read past installments here.
Business, Front Page
lloyd district, Parking, portland development commission, rick williams, The Real Estate Beat, transit
Nurses should not be subject to new immigration rules, says NHS England chief
The head of NHS England has urged the government to reconsider immigration rules that will see lower-earning nurses, rather than ballet dancers, from outside the EU deported at a time when the profession faces a shortage.
The policy has already been criticised by employers' groups and the nurses' union, which have said it is a recipe for chaos that could cost millions in recruitment.
They have called on the Home Office to add nurses to the list of shortage occupations, which are exempt from the new rules, and reconsider the £35,000 salary threshold. Under the rules, workers from outside the European Economic Area who are earning less than £35,000 after six years in the UK will be deported.
On Tuesday, NHS England's chief executive, Simon Stevens, became the most senior figure within the health service to enter the fray.
He told the Institute of Directors (IoD) annual convention in London: “Understandably we're having a national discussion about how to get immigration right. My responsibility is to point out that, at time when the need for nurses is growing, when publicly funded UK nurse training places will take several years to expand, and when agency staff costs are driving hospital overspends right now, we need to better join up the dots on immigration policy and the NHS.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Simon Stevens: ‘Most nurses I speak to struggle to understand why our immigration rules define ballet dancers as a shortage occupation but not nursing.' Photograph: Alamy
“However, most nurses I speak to struggle to understand why our immigration rules define ballet dancers as a shortage occupation but not nursing. And most hospitals tell me the idea that we would seriously consider deporting some of our most experienced and committed nurses solely because they're not earning £35,000 clearly needs a rethink.”
The Royal College of Nursing has claimed that, as things stand, up to 3,365 nurses, who cost £20.19m to recruit, could be affected.
But the union says that figure could rise to 29,755 nurses, costing more than £178.5m to recruit, by 2020, if workforce pressures lead to increased international recruitment.
Is Theresa May right about immigration? Read more
It says there is a lack of home-grown people trained to do the job and that new rules capping the amount spent on agency workers make overseas recruitment a vital outlet.
Stevens's intervention came as the home secretary, Theresa May, told the Conservative party conference in Manchester that Britain must work harder to control immigration, in a speech criticised by the IoD as pandering to anti-immigration sentiment. The health ecretary, Jeremy Hunt, also claimed the Tories were the “true party of the NHS” and told its employees: “We are proud of every single one of you.”
Stevens's comments won him plaudits from the lobby group NHS Employers, which has been at pains to point out the difficulty the new rules will cause its members.
Its chief executive, Danny Mortimer, said: “We warmly welcome the important intervention made by Simon Stevens in highlighting the value of migrant nurses and doctors in the NHS who have contributed a significant amount to the way we deliver care to our patients. NHS Employers has written to the home secretary, Theresa May, to highlight that many NHS Trusts are facing a shortage of nurses going into winter as the Home Office refuses to grant visas to nurses from outside the EU.”
He said plans to train more nurses domestically would not deliver qualified professionals until 2017.
Janet Davies, chief executive and general secretary of the RCN said: “There is now a consensus across the health service that the Home Office must make a change.
“It is an irrefutable fact that rising demand for health care, a shortage of home grown nurses, and new rules limiting the use of agency staff mean the NHS is reliant on overseas recruitment to provide safe patient care.
“Ignoring this issue any longer would be irresponsible, illogical and bad for patients.”
A Home Office spokeswoman said it made sense to train domestic workers to fill posts in the long term. She added: “The Independent Migration Advisory Committee, which took evidence from a number of NHS trusts and representative bodies from across the UK, recommended against adding nurses to the shortage occupation list.
“Although NHS trusts have been given more than 1,400 Tier 2 certificates of sponsorship for nurses since April this year, over 600 of the places allocated to them in April and May this year were returned unused.”
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues.
Romania will allow the United States to place interceptor missiles in the former pro-Soviet country as part of President Obama's revamped missile shield plan.
The move is unlikely to invoke the same level of ire from Russia as former President Bush's plan to place a larger defense system in Poland and the Czech Republic, which Mr. Obama shelved in September.
Reuters reports that Romanian President Traian Basescu said the Supreme Defense Council on Thursday approved the US offer, brought to Romania by Ellen Tauscher, US Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security. The plan will put at least two short-to-medium-range missile interceptors in Romania that will be operational by 2015.
The facilities in Romania will be part of Obama's plan to develop a land- and sea-based missile shield in Europe focused on protecting against threats from Iranian medium-range missiles. In September he scrapped a Bush administration plan to develop an expensive and untested missile shield in Europe with components in Poland and the Czech Republic. That plan had raised tensions with Russia, which considered US missile facilities near its border a threat, and the decision to shelve it was welcomed in Europe, as The Christian Science Monitor reported.
Romanian newspapers Nine O'Clock and Financiarul both reported positive reaction among Romanian politicians to the decision, with the senate speaker calling it “one of the most important matters of national security Romania has ever faced.” A supporter of US military efforts, the European Union and NATO member has previously sent troops to Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Romanian president made clear that the decision to host the US system should not be seen as a statement against Russia. "The new system is not against Russia. I want to categorically stress this, Romania (will) not host a system against Russia, but against other threats," he said, according to Reuters.
Russia and the US hit the "reset button" last March, though it was soon apparent that warm smiles and handshakes might not be enough to bring the two nations together.
State-owned Russian news agency RIA-Novosti reported Friday that the interceptor missiles could pose a threat to Russia.
“This weaponry, without a doubt, could significantly reduce Russia's deterrent capability," said Col. (Ret.) Igor Korotchenko, editor-in-chief of the National Defense magazine.
He said SM-3 missiles would be able to intercept Russian ballistic missiles shortly after launch and on their initial flight trajectory.
"Russia must warn Romania that if the elements of the U.S. missile shield are placed in the country they will become a target of Russia's preventive missile strikes," Korotchenko said.
But The New York Times reports that Romania's move is unlikely to cause a large rift with Moscow because the location of the interceptor missiles is less threatening.
Dmitri V. Trenin, director of the Carnegie Moscow Center, said the Romanian announcement would not come as a complete surprise to Russian leaders, since it “was one of the options people had in mind.” He said the Romanian site was farther from the Russian border, and – unlike the proposed Polish site – would not allow the interceptor missiles to stop a Russian missile headed to the United States over the Arctic Ocean, a possibility that had aroused anxiety in Moscow.
“Of course, people who would be interested in portraying any kind of missile system as potentially a threat will be able to use this, but I don't think the government has much interest in playing this up,” Mr. Trenin said.
Al Jazeera offers this video broadcast of the plan:
--
See also
Homegrown terrorism a growing concern for US intelligence
Christian Science Monitor
Pentagon seeks billions to battle terror abroad
Associated Press
Iran last minute addition to Munich security event
Associated Press
The showers don't flood in the Indiana State locker room anymore. After football games, players don't line up to get under the one working shower head, spend 30 seconds, tops, washing off while standing in dirty, knee-deep water from the previous guys.
Article continues below ...
The toilet stalls?
“They have doors now,” athletic department spokesman Ace Hunt said, laughing. “We're big-time now.”
“And towels,” a couple players yelled, joking after practice Wednesday last week. “We have towels. GREAT towels.”
Two years ago, I visited the Indiana State football team and its facilities. It was the worst football team in America. The worst program overall. Maybe the worst ever.
Not anymore. This is a success story. It's about hard work and faith, commitment, and also help from a community that took in a football program like a charity case.
It touches your own beliefs, your own hopes about an American ideal that had seemed lost with so many cheating or dirty college football teams not chasing what football and sport is supposed to be about.
Instead, they chase big bucks. Ohio State, USC, too many others.
Please let Indiana State's story be true and real. Let us believe our eyes.
Two years later, this is one of the best programs in the country. It's not going to win the national championship. This isn't Hollywood.
But four or five years ago, some players were fighting, others were carrying guns. Many would sign in for weightlifting sessions and then leave. Now, these guys are going to class, sitting in the front row, making appearances at children's hospitals, going on walks for breast cancer, helping people clean up after their houses were flooded.
They are the disenfranchised coming together to make dreams true. How hokey!
And they're winning. Indiana State, at the Football Championship Subdivision level, formerly known as Division I-AA — one step below the big boys of college sports — was 4-2 and ranked No. 21 in the nation going into its game Saturday against Western Illinois. Their only losses — a season-opening defeat at big-time Penn State and last week against Northern Iowa, the No. 2-ranked team in the FCS.
How did they do it? How do you dig out this fast?
“Hold on,” coach Trent Miles said after practice. “I've got to turn on the sprinklers.”
He walked off to start watering the team's new practice field.
Miles was a ballboy at Indiana State when he was a kid. He did it with current Baltimore Ravens offensive coordinator Cam Cameron. In the 1980s, Miles was a receiver for the Sycamores. His father went to school there. His brother, too.
This place is in his blood.
He was having a successful coaching career, mostly working with receivers at several colleges. He worked at Notre Dame under Ty Willingham, and was still with Willingham at Washington when Indiana State called.
It was like a call for help from home. He had to go back.
Sometimes, someone with love and passion in his heart can instill immediate belief. He can change a culture so fast that you forget about all the problems and pull together as one immediately.
Indiana State went winless in Miles' first year.
This isn't Hollywood.
There have been glory days in sports at Indiana State. The baseball team has been good. Even football was good when Miles played. Larry Bird played here and took the basketball team to the national championship game.
When I visited the football team two years ago, Miles hadn't won one game yet.
The Sycamores had just lost 28-0 to Youngstown State to run its losing streak to 31 games. Before that, a lone victory had snapped a 24-game slump.
Three weeks ago, Indiana State beat Youngstown State.
“We've got a long way to go,” Miles said. “From the depths of where we started?
“Numerous guys I've known in the profession were saying this is a graveyard. Why do it? But it's not. It just had to have a little life breathed into it.”
Understand that the facilities weren't the only problem here. The players were a disaster. Bad players? Yes. Bad kids, too. Fighting. Lazy. Not going to class. Losers.
You treat a program like garbage and the players will produce like it.
Miles ran off 41 players his first year. By spring that year, the team had only six offensive linemen on the roster. Only four players on the team had ever won a college football game.
Miles put in rules: You will sit in the front row in class. You will show up on time. You will lift weights. You will perform three acts of community service, minimum, per semester. You will not have a cell phone in class. You will not have an iPod in class.
You will pull your pants up.
It was a direction. It was all on faith.
In 1967, Indiana State became the first college program to put in AstroTurf. It was a source of pride. You're supposed to change the stuff every 10 years or so, though, but Indiana State left that turf down through the '70s, and then the '80s, when it got hard, and then the '90s, when it was thin and seams were coming up. Coaches and players would go out with hammers and nails and duct tape before practices and games to get the field playable.
Players got hurt tripping on the seams.
Miles shows you rug burns from his playing days. One on his upper right leg. Some on both elbows and forearms.
He takes that past with him. The school administration put down a beautiful new turf two years ago.
Still, Miles was so desperate for just one win that they paid little Quincy of Illinois to come in. You already know what happened. The Sycamores fumbled near the goal line and then lost in overtime.
“They don't know how to win,” Miles told me two years ago. “We blew this program up. I've got good vision. I can see the future.”
Fast forward to the future.
Last Wednesday, the trainer finished working on Shakir Bell, a tiny running back, who is starting to make a habit of rushing for 200 yards a game. He had 256 against Youngstown. When he scores touchdowns, he hands the ball to the official. No dancing. Another of Miles' rules.
Bell was a high school superstar, if there is such a thing. He ran for 3,105 yards his senior year, second-most in the nation.
“Nobody recruited me,” he said. “I didn't talk to anybody; well, one junior college. And my grades weren't bad. One time, I was in the weight room and someone from USC was in there looking at juniors for next year. They wouldn't talk to me.
“I never talked to anyone. I really didn't understand what happened. Definitely, I had animosity about it. Coach Miles came and sat in my home.”
Of course, Bell knew why no one recruited him. He's too small, claiming to be 5-7.
“No,” a player said, walking past, laughing. “It was just his game.”
Now, Bell, a sophomore, is on a watch list for the Walter Payton Award, given to the nation's best offensive player at Indiana State's level.
Miles also landed receiver Donald Spencer, a transfer from Michigan State. Spencer had been a high recruit but didn't produce much with the Spartans. Miles found Ben Obaseki, one of the nation's best defensive linemen at that level, unrecruited in tiny Washington, Ind.
“I don't know if everybody in America goes to Washington, Ind.” Miles said.
And the big fish was former Washington quarterback Ronnie Fouch. He started eight games at Washington in 2008 when star QB Jake Locker was out hurt. With Locker coming back, Fouch figured he wasn't going to play much anymore.
So he came to Terre Haute to play for Miles. Last year, he threw for more than 2,200 yards and 20 touchdowns. Indiana State finally had a winning record, 6-5.
This is what the team is made of. Just three players left from before Miles' arrival. A find here, a reject or discard there. Some lived through the past at Indiana State. Some have only heard about it.
“I've talked to a lot of seniors,” Bell said. “They tell me how bad everything was. I heard about players carrying guns and just so much ridiculousness.”
Linebacker Aaron Archie likes to tell the stories. He was around before the changes. Two years ago, he told me about how he blew out his knee on the old AstroTurf. Last Wednesday, he said he knew his faith in the place would pay off.
In his bedroom, he has saved a little corner piece of the old AstroTurf.
The place is like new now. Miles took me on the same tour we went on two years ago. The town has chipped in as the administration has upgraded pretty much everything.
There's the new practice field. It was a golf course years ago, and then some sort of public space. When they excavated to put the sod down, and then the goalposts, they found glass bottles and kitchen sinks.
Basically, it was a dump.
The stadium has two new scoreboards and a video board. Ads cover half of one scoreboard. A wall along the end of the stadium, covered by tarps two years ago, now has big ads from Pacesetters Sports, MCL cafeteria, the Tribune-Star, tanning salons, banks.
Inside the football building, the showers are new. The locker room is carpeted and has beautiful wooden lockers. The shelves in the supply room are no longer held up by duct tape. The laundry room is no longer a closet. There are meetings rooms, training rooms, equipment rooms.
It's not posh, but almost. It's just nice.
“We want them to understand we didn't always have it like that,” Miles said. “It's always important to know where you came from.
“They need to understand that playing here is a privilege. It's not an entitlement.”
Miles gathered his team after practice Wednesday to talk about the big game at Northern Iowa. They all stood together. He asked something about tackling and . . . and . . .
No one spoke.
“DO YOU UNDERSTAND?” he yelled, starting to build into a rant.
“Yes sir,” everyone said.
“You are lucky to be (expletive deleted) out here. It's not cool if I ask something that you don't say anything. I'm trying to (expletive deleted) help you. Do you understand?
“Yes sir.”
“It's a (expletive deleted) privilege to play on this team. It's a (expletive deleted) privilege to play college football. Do you understand?
“Yes sir.”
“Focus. We had 23 missed tackles. Twenty-three. When we played these guys last year we were still in the game even with 23 missed tackles.
“Do your work. Go to (expletive deleted) study hall. We do things academically first above all, simple as that. Do you understand?
“Yes sir.”
“And when we get back, you go to your (expletive deleted) classes on Monday.”
“Yes sir.”
They arrived after more than 400 miles on a bus from Terre Haute to Cedar Falls, Iowa, stopping around Davenport for a quick walkthrough.
Indiana State's only loss this season had been to Penn State, the kind of game schools at the Sycamores' level have to take to help fund the program.
Penn State gave Indiana State a beating and a $450,000 guarantee.
By the end of the first quarter, it was clear that Indiana State could run the ball. At the start of the year, defenses had focused on Fouch, but then Bell ran crazy. Defenses had to adjust. This is a team with a top quarterback, a top tailback and a top offensive line coach in Harold Etheridge, who had coached the O-line at Washington State.
Miles has a philosophy on hiring assistant coaches: Wait patiently.
Coaches who have bounced around a little at the top level all seem to know one another. Miles figures if he waits, he can find a top coach who didn't survive the annual job shuffle.
“That way,” said Rick Minter, Indiana State's defensive coordinator last year, “he can get better coaches than he should probably be able to afford.”
Minter was one of those. He had been the head coach at Cincinnati, and once worked with Miles.
“Yes, I was one of those guys who did not end up with a job,” Minter said. “And my son (Jesse) was working there on defense. Trent asked me to come over.”
The idea was for Minter to run the defense and help teach young coaches. He put in a defense, 3-4 in personnel but one that rushes a linebacker on most every play. Why not just run defensive linemen?
Miles said he can recruit 6-1, 220-pound linebackers much easier than a 6-5, 285-pound prototype linemen. They all go to bigger schools.
Minter left after last year and handed over the defense to his son Jesse.
They still run the same defense.
The offense now is balanced, and Minter called Bell, “a pint-sized guy. The classic example of dynamite in a small package.”
By late in the first half Saturday, he already had 148 yards. But he took a cheap shot to his head late in the half and had to leave the game for good. Indiana State also missed two field-goal attempts and an extra point.
Yet early in the fourth quarter, Northern Iowa led by only four. Indiana State was driving, and it was the perfect time for a great Hollywood finish.
Instead, Indiana State fumbled. Northern Iowa would win 23-9. Indiana State would drop to No. 21.
“We were the 17th team in the nation playing the second team in the nation at their place, sold out and had a chance late in the game to take the lead. It just didn't happen. It's real life, you know,” said Miles.
Real life is not perfect. Nothing is. How has Miles done it? Well, together with an administration and a community, that's how. Somewhere, someone bought into an idea that was just an idea. And then it was built from there.
New coaches with passion come in to football programs all the time with rules, preaching discipline and doing the right things.
It usually doesn't work.
So please let this story be true. We don't need any more dirt in college football. We need proof that an ideal can work.
“If you can't do it the right way, it's not worth doing,” Miles said.
“My dad taught me that a long time ago. I would rather look in the mirror and say I've got integrity and say I did it the best I could, the right way. I've got to look at my children, and I want them to look at me.”
Bell laughed at the idea of Indiana State being involved with dirty boosters paying players.
“Money or cars for players?” he said Wednesday. “I wish.”
The best little running back in the nation then walked out into the parking lot to his beat up old Ford Taurus with the dent on the trunk.
“I'll just be happy if it turns over,” he said.
He turned the key, the engine thought about it for a second and then grinded and roared too loud. Bell drove off, the right red tail light a little hard to make out, covered in red duct tape and all.
KEYNOTE SPEAKER:
Edyka Chilomé, born Erica Granados – De La Rosa, is a Queer Woman of Color writer, artist, social justice educator, and spiritual activist of diasporic indigenous descent. She is the daughter of Salvadorian and Mexican spiritual, intellectual, and community leaders. Her many years of experience passionately walking and building with women, young people, and communities of color in the U.S. and Latin America have deeply informed her fusion of art, scholarship, and what she defines as her spiritual {art}ivism. Edyka holds a B.A. in social and political philosophy from Loyola University Chicago and an M.A. in Women's Studies from Texas Women's University. She has published numerous articles, essays, and poems including a collection of poetry that explores queer mestizaje in the diaspora entitled She Speaks | Poetry, praised by the founder of Democracy Now en Español as “…a must-read for those yearning to discover new ways to open up to deep personal and global transformation.” She has been invited to share her spoken word poetry and speak on social justice issues around the country including The Dallas Museum of Art, The Prindle Institute for Ethics, Boston University School of Theology, The Black Academy of Arts and Letters, The General Commission on the Status and Role of Women of The United Methodist Church, The Texas Democratic Convention, TEDx, and National Public Radio. Edyka served as a founding co host of DFW's first poetry radio show The Free Word on Deep Ellum on Air. She also recently collaborated with Cara Mia Theater Company in the production of Yale Drama Award winning script “blu” by Virginia Grise. Edyka was born in Baltimore Maryland and grew up all over the United States. She currently lives in Denton Texas with her partner and her cat and serves as an instructor for Free Minds Dallas at El Centro College, host of the presidential award winning initiative The National Clemente Course for the Humanities.
The saga began back in 2008, when the city agreed that Verizon could operate a local cable TV franchise in exchange for a fiber optic network. The deal was that every person in NYC that wanted super-fast broadband would be able to get it by June 30th, 2014. Naturally, the overwhelming number of consumer complaints prompted the mayor's office to conduct a full investigation into what the hell was happening.
City official Maya Wiley sums it up thus, saying that the audit found "an alarming failure on the part of Verizon to deliver on its franchise agreement." Other charges leveled against the telco include marking blocks as being fiber-ready, when in fact it "had not installed the necessary equipment to deliver service." Then there's the accusation that Verizon didn't track purchase requests from new users before the fall of 2014, again in "direct violation of the franchise agreement." Apparently upwards of 30,000 requests for new installations were not dealt with within the agreed six- or 12-month period.
Oh, and Verizon also got a public slap on the wrist for not cooperating with the City's audit of the FiOS rollout. It stands accused of significantly delaying or failing to provide access to "various other records, reports and contracts requested by the City to conduct a full assessment of FiOS implementation." If you're a New Yorker who's been affected by any of these events, the city is asking you to either call 311 or add your complaint to the pile here.
Verizon has issued a robust response, and the company told Ars Technica that it disputes all of the findings from the Mayor's report. As far as it's concerned, it has met its obligations, but cannot wire up buildings it does not have access to, which is the only challenge it faces. Instead, it believes that the timing of the release is part of a co-ordinated attempt to exert pressure on the company by its labor union, which it goes into negotiations with on Monday. That's not even a hinted barb, either, since the published quote reads "it's well known the union has ties to the city administration, and things like this are a familiar union tactic we have seen before."
Here's the Verizon statement in full, and its more detailed response is attached as an addendum to the Audit .PDF in the source link, from page 19 onwards:
First and foremost, it is important to note that it's not a mere coincidence that the report is made public yesterday, and labor negotiations with our largest union begin on Monday. It's well known the union has ties to the city administration, and things like this are a familiar union tactic we have seen before.
We disagree with many parts of the report. The review was based on erroneous factual conclusions and incorrect interpretations of the Agreement, particular its conclusions on Verizon's passing all of the households in the City with fiber-optic facilities. We indeed have met the requirement to install fiber optics through all five boroughs. Our $3.5 billion investment and the 15,000 miles of fiber we have built have given New Yorkers added choices and a robust set of advanced, reliable and resilient services. The challenge we have is gaining access to properties which of course would expand availability. We look forward to working with the City to seek solutions to this issue.
[Image Credit: Bloomberg/Getty]
Smelling female fruit flies but not mating with them can actually shorten males' lives.
Drosophila melanogaster males not allowed to mate despite receiving tantalizing chemical sex messages lose about 35 to 40 percent of their normal life span, says molecular geneticist Scott Pletcher of the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor. Males' fat stores also dwindle, and the flies prove less able to cope with starvation, Pletcher and his colleagues report November 28 in Science.
Creating the reciprocal situation of celibate females sniffing but not getting males wasn't as easy, he says. But so far, experiments show female life span declining 15 to 20 percent too.
This marks the second time Pletcher and his colleagues have linked premature demise with frustrated expectations. Fruit flies on a low-calorie diet, which normally would lengthen lives and sustain health, lost
For astronomers seeking Earth twins around other stars, the exoplanet GJ 1132 b probably isn't an identical sibling—but it may be the closest cousin yet found. It weighs in at just over one Earth mass, but circles its star in a warm orbit that could make it more like Venus than our own world. Moreover, its diameter is nearly 50 percent larger than that of Earth, suggesting it possesses a thick atmosphere. Now, after taking the closest-ever look at GJ 1132 b, a European collaboration has confirmed the presence of its atmosphere and found hints it might contain water and methane. The results are currently under review for publication in The Astrophysical Journal.
As mere discoveries of exoplanets become routine, efforts to learn more about them—their compositions, climates and histories—are moving to the fore, with studies of their atmospheres occupying center stage. Although astronomers detected the first exoplanet atmosphere more than 15 years ago, they have only managed to observe a handful ever since, mostly for very hot worlds as big as Jupiter or even larger. With their first glimpse of GJ 1132 b's alien air, astronomers are now entering a new frontier as they examine the atmospheres of smaller, more Earth-like worlds.
“We have shown that an Earth-mass planet is capable of sustaining a thick atmosphere,” says John Southworth, lecturer in astrophysics at Keele University in England and lead author on the discovery paper. “This is one step towards investigating whether a planet could host life.”
Finding the tenuous atmospheres around other worlds strains the limits of current technology. Luckily, GJ 1132 b has the advantage of being relatively easy to study, because it is only 39 light-years away—just a hop, skip and a jump across our cosmic neighborhood. It also orbits an M-dwarf, the smallest and coolest type of star, which allows astronomers to more readily probe the planet's atmosphere.
“Detecting the atmosphere of Earth-sized planets around M-dwarfs is an essential step in the search for habitable exoplanets,” says astronomer Julien de Wit, postdoctoral researcher at Massachusetts Institute of Technology unaffiliated with the study. “The concern, however, is that they may not always be able to sustain an atmosphere because of the potential history of strong activity of their star. Finding one with an atmosphere would provide us with hope.”
The team studied GJ 1132 b's atmosphere using a variation on the “transit” planet-detection method, in which a world traverses the face of its star as seen from Earth. As the planet crosses its star, it blocks a small portion of the star's total light and casts a planetary shadow toward our solar system. A planet's atmosphere will absorb a tiny fraction of starlight around the shadow's edges, filtering out certain wavelengths in accordance with its composition. Gathering enough light to discern this minuscule effect usually requires observing multiple transits using some of the world's most powerful telescopes.
Using the MPG/ESO 2.2 meter telescope at the European Southern Observatory in Chile, the team monitored nine transits of GJ 1132 b across a wide range of wavelengths, from optical to near-infrared. The measurements allowed them to line up a simple spectrum, which shows the amount of light at each wavelength. Their results showed extra absorption at certain wavelengths—indicating the possibility of water and/or methane in GJ 1132 b's atmosphere in approximately equal proportions as is found in Earth's air.
Because astronomers have good measures for both the mass and the size of GJ 1132 b, they can estimate the planet's density—and thus its possible composition. Given that the atmosphere may contain water vapor, one model suggests the planet could be a steamy space oasis with a substantial envelope of water surrounding a rocky core. Other models with rockier compositions are also possible, however, and the mass measurements are not detailed enough to wholly confirm the exact interior makeup. “Our own observations have shown that it has an atmosphere, but we have not been able to put many constraints on what the atmosphere is actually made of,” Southworth says. “The next step is to take observations with bigger telescopes, and space telescopes, covering a bigger wavelength range at a much better resolution.”
Given the limitations of current instruments, it will fall to the next generation of telescopes such as the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) to glean more information about the nature of Earth-size exoplanet atmospheres. “The James Webb Space Telescope will be able to measure the spectra of exoplanets in great detail, and perhaps GJ 1132 b will be one of the more interesting exoplanets to be observed extensively” with the JWST, says Renyu Hu, a planetary scientist at the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. “We will continue to see astronomers pushing the limits, towards better spectra of smaller and perhaps more temperate exoplanets.”
Boasting a mirror some six times the size of the Hubble Space Telescope's, JWST will be able to efficiently seek out signs of carbon dioxide and oxygen as well as water vapor and methane in some exoplanet atmospheres. Eager planet hunters, however, should not hold their breath for these breakthrough capabilities—JWST will not launch until October 2018, and the telescope has a full docket of other science objectives that will limit any time-consuming observations of exoplanets.
“This is a great start, but we need higher signal-to-noise data and spectral resolution,” Sara Seager, a professor of astrophysics at MIT, says of the results. “We need to await the JWST to make any real progress on small-planet atmospheres.”
Tilly Smith, from Oxshott, Surrey, was holidaying with her parents and seven-year-old sister on Maikhao beach in Phuket, Thailand, when the tide rushed out.
As the other tourists watched in amazement, the water began to bubble and the boats on the horizon started to violently bob up and down.
Tilly, who had studied tsunamis in a geography class two weeks earlier, quickly realised they were in danger.
She told her mother they had to get off the beach immediately and warned that it could be a tsunami.
She explained she had just completed a school project on the huge waves and said they were seeing the warning signs that a tsunami was minutes away.
Her parents alerted the other holidaymakers and staff at their hotel, which was quickly evacuated. The wave crashed a few minutes later, but no one on the beach was killed or seriously injured.
In an interview with the Sun, Tilly gave the credit to her geography teacher, Andrew Kearney, at Oxshott's Danes Hill Prep School.
She said "Last term Mr Kearney taught us about earthquakes and how they can cause tsunamis.
"I was on the beach and the water started to go funny. There were bubbles and the tide went out all of a sudden.
"I recognised what was happening and had a feeling there was going to be a tsunami. I told mummy."
ST. LOUIS COUNTY, Mo., Oct. 22 (UPI) -- Details from the official autopsy of Michael Brown lend credence to reports from witnesses and from police officer Darren Wilson that a struggle occurred inside Wilson's patrol car.
Most of the details from the autopsy, conducted by St. Louis County Medical Examiner investigator Wendell Payne and pathologist Gershom Norfleet, matched those from the private autopsy conducted at the behest of Brown's family.
Brown had gunshot wounds from six bullets: in the top of the head, above his right eye, his upper right chest, the right side of the chest, his upper right arm, lower right arm, and graze wounds on his right bicep and one on his right thumb. The report also found Brown had THC, the chemical compound found in marijuana, in his blood and urine.
The shot to the top of the head, which indicated Brown was either lunging or falling forward, was instantly fatal.
RELATED Several dead babies found in Winnipeg storage unit
The thumb injury, which does not show stippling but did show signs of gunpowder residue or smoke, shows a bullet traveled from the tip of Brown's right thumb up towards his wrist, from close range.
The injury to his forearm, which traveled from the outer forearm to the inner forearm could not have occurred when -- or if -- Brown had his hands up in a surrender position, as witness reports have described.
That injury, along with forensic findings of Brown's blood on the gun and inside Wilson's car, appear to align with Wilson's account of the moments before Brown died.
Wilson reportedly told investigators Brown pushed him back inside his vehicle as he attempted to exit, pinning him down and attempting to reach Wilson's gun.
A number of eyewitnesses say they saw a struggle, but believe Wilson had grabbed Brown and Brown was trying to get away.
Michael Brown official autopsy
RELATED Cornel West among those arrested in Ferguson protests
Investor Carl Icahn announced Friday that he is stepping down from his role as special adviser to President Trump on issues relating to regulatory reform.
Icahn, who owns a substantial stake in the oil and refining company CVR Energy, said in a letter to Trump on Friday that he is choosing to “end this arrangement (with your blessing) because I did not want partisan bickering about my role to in any way cloud your administration or Ms. Rao's important work,” referring to newly minted Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs Administrator Neomi Rao.
ADVERTISEMENT
“While I do not know Ms. Rao and played no part in her appointment, I am confident based on what I've read of her accomplishments that she is the right person for this important job.” he said.
Earlier this year six Senate Democrats, including Sens. Al Franken Alan (Al) Stuart FrankenVirginia can be better than this Harris off to the best start among Dems in race, say strategists, donors Virginia scandals pit Democrats against themselves and their message MORE (D-Minn.) and Elizabeth Warren Elizabeth Ann WarrenSanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' House to push back at Trump on border GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (D-Mass.), reportedly called on the White House Counsel to investigate Icahn's refusal to divest his private sector interests, citing conflicts of interest, after reports Icahn had worked closely on a planned executive order to overhaul the Environmental Protection Agency's Renewable Fuel Standard.
The senators claimed Icahn significantly benefited from a policy proposal to shift the burden of complying with biofuel quotas from refiners to fuel blenders. They cited the Wall Street Journal, which reported CVR stocks increasing by 3.5 percent the day the proposal was sent to the White House.
In his letter to Trump Friday, Icahn denied claims that he benefited from his advisory role.
“And contrary to the insinuations of a handful of your Democratic critics, I never had access to nonpublic information or profited from my position, nor do I believe that my role presented conflicts of interest,” he said. “Indeed, out of an abundance of caution, the only issues I ever discussed with you were broad matters of policy affecting the refining industry. I never sought any special benefit for any company with which I have been involved, and have only expressed views that I believed would benefit the refining industry as a whole.”
Icahn was appointed by Trump in December to serve the president in an "individual capacity" not as a federal employee.
The billionaire investor was a strong supporter of the president from the beginning of his presidential campaign.
Results of a recent study found that HIIT – which involves short bursts of intense anaerobic exercise followed by a brief low-intensity recovery period – may be more effective for reducing occurrences of migraines, compared to moderate continuous training (MCT) like jogging, cycling or swimming.
RELATED: How To Tell If Your Migraine Is Really The Sign Of Something Much Worse
Although some sufferers say that exercise can trigger their migraines, studies suggest that aerobic exercise is a beneficial complementary treatment option, and researchers were keen to find out what level of training might be most helpful in reducing their frequency.
In the study, 45 participants who suffered the neurological disorder were assigned to either HIIT, MCT or a control group. Those doing HIIT and MCT trained twice a week over a three month period, after which they underwent a cerebrovascular health assessment. They were also tasked with recording how many days they suffered a migraine within this time frame.
RELATED: These Are The Top 10 Fitness Trends For 2018
Overall they observed moderate migraine day reductions, but with 89% likely to benefit from doing HIIT compared to MCT. Further, those partaking in the former were found to have improved cerebrovascular health, a factor that's important in combating migraines.
So if you're suffering from constant and crippling migraines, incorporating sweat-inducing, breath-taking exercise sessions into your routine could be helpful.
Last month I wrote about DEA officials' attempts to access the state prescription drug databases with merely an administrative subpoena, instead of a search warrant. Yesterday, a federal judge in Oregon put a stop to those efforts.
From the ACLU, which sued to stop the drug cops:
For the first time, a federal judge has ruled that patients have a reasonable expectation of privacy in their drug prescription records, and that law enforcement must obtain a warrant in order to search such information. The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Oregon represented a group of Oregon patients and a physician in the lawsuit against the Drug Enforcement Administration. “This is a victory for privacy and for the constitutional rights of anyone who ever gets drug prescriptions,” said ACLU Staff Attorney Nathan Freed Wessler, who argued the case last month. “The ruling recognizes that confidential medical records are entitled to the full protection of the Fourth Amendment. The court rightly rejected the federal government's extreme argument that patients give up their privacy rights by receiving medical treatment from doctors and pharmacists” . . . “We opposed creating a massive database that would contain the prescription records of Oregon patients and physicians who had done nothing wrong,” said David Fidanque, executive director of the ACLU of Oregon. “Nevertheless, we helped convince Oregon lawmakers to add important safeguards to the program, and we're pleased that the court has recognized the importance of protecting medical privacy.” The State of Oregon filed a lawsuit against the DEA, and the ACLU joined the case. Today's ruling granted the ACLU's motion for summary judgment and denied the federal government's motion, with the result that the DEA must get a warrant to access the prescription records in Oregon.
You can read a copy of the ruling here. I suspect there will be much more litigation on this issue to come.
The eight-minute video has gone viral. An off-duty Boston police officer detaining a pedestrian, after the man struck the cop's unmarked car's window with an umbrella, when the vehicle turned a corner while the pedestrian was entering a crosswalk. What really caught my eye, though, was an exchange between the man shooting the video and the off duty cop, where they argue about whether the police officer had an obligation to yield to the pedestrian in the crosswalk.
Listen to the exchange:
Listen 160608-ebh3-lede.mp3
So what does the law in Massachusetts say?
For starters, we might have been thinking about it in a fundamentally flawed way. It's subtle. But hear how Ryan Caselden, a Cambridge-based lawyer, describes “right of way” in a way I never really thought of:
"The right of way is not something that you have, it's something that you give. So, you don't take the right of way, you give the right of way," he explained.
Caselden has taken his share of crosswalk violation cases, so I asked him to explain what the law actually says when it comes to pedestrian and motorist “right of way” in a crosswalk.
It's all spelled out in the General Laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, in Chapter 89, Section 11 and Chapter 90, Section 18A, which together detail both the rules of the road and the penalties for not following them.
From the get go, we see that not all crosswalks are equal under the law.
Chapter 89, Section 11. When traffic control signals are not in place or not in operation...
So at an intersection like Memorial Drive and JFK Street near Harvard Square, where there are walk/don't walk signs, they rule the day. Pedestrians can only cross when they have the walk sign and must yield when they have they don't walk. Absent walk/don't walk signs, if there are traffic lights, they determine when pedestrians can cross and when they can't.
"If you are on the road the traffic signals are intended to conduct your mode of transportation," said Caselden. "Regular car traffic, pedestrian traffic, cyclist traffic, all these other modes of transportation."
So what if a pedestrian goes on a don't walk, when you have a green, and crosses your path when they technically should be yielding to you?
"You have to stop, you're required to stop. The idea that anybody would go based solely on the traffic signal is not the idea," said Caselden.
Now there are, of course, no shortage of crosswalks where there's no traffic signals or stoplights. And it's at these kinds of crosswalks where the law really favors the pedestrian. Caselden explained some of the gritty details of the law:
So what if a pedestrian is on the sidewalk and look like they want to cross? Here, the law is actually a little less specific, but Caselden says his read is that drivers need to hit the brakes.
"Basically that's my understanding," he said. "If they have the intent of crossing within a reasonable distance of it then yeah you gotta stop."
There are additional details in Section 720 of the Code of Massachusetts Regulations (CMR), and many cities and towns also have their own rules in addition to what's spelled out by state law and in the CMR.
And Caselden points out that, crucially, these laws only govern whether or not you are liable for a ticket – up to $300 for failing to yield or a $1 for jaywalking (a second jaywalking offense will cost you $2). In the event of an incident or accident, one of the parties can – and often does – sue the other.
"You don't have to violate Chapter 89 Section 11 to be liable for an accident in a civil lawsuit," said Caselden.
Liability in those civil suits are judged by a whole different set of laws. They're heard in front of a jury who determine a percentage of liability - say 80 percent driver fault, 20 percent pedestrian. And in Caselden's experience, in these cases drivers are almost always facing an uphill battle.
"It is hard to be a motorist who's involved in an accident not to have some type of liability," he said. "Stop. No one has ever been on the side of a motorist in a motorist-pedestrian accident – or rarely."
Now if this all seems a little detailed and convoluted, hey, that's the law. But Caselden says that in reality, following the law is pretty easy: Just let caution be your guide.
"The whole system is based around safety and courtesy, but more so safety," he said. "Everybody on the road – pedestrians, cyclists, drivers – everybody has a duty to use reasonable care and caution when they are using the road in any shape or form."
So be good to each other out there on the roads. And remember, if the right of way is not something you are entitled but something you have a responsibility to give, being safe also means you get to be generous.
President-elect Donald Trump took aim at outgoing CIA Director John Brennan late Sunday suggesting that he was behind the unverified dossier of scandalous opposition material that BuzzFeed published last week.
Trump's comments came in response to Brennan saying on "Fox News Sunday" over the weekend that he doesn't think Trump understands or has an "appreciation" for the effect that his words have on the U.S. intelligence community and U.S. national security.
Brennan was responding to weeks of comments from Trump, who since being elected president, has been openly critical of the U.S. intelligence community after they declared late last year that Russia likely attempted to manipulate the presidential election to undermine American democracy.
So Trump responded to Brennan in the best way he knows how: via Twitter.
".@FoxNews 'Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand.' Oh really, couldn't do much worse - just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?" Trump tweeted Sunday.
The unverified, 35-page dossier published only by BuzzFeed last week is the "fake news" that Trump was referring to in his tweet. CNN was first to report on the existence of the dossier, but chose not to publish it because of the very questionable "intelligence" it contains.
Despite Trump's consistent claims that the dossier was the result of an intelligence leak, Director of National Intelligence James Clapper took the unusual step last week of publicly saying that he didn't believe it was the result of a leak in the intelligence community.
"I emphasized that this document is not a U.S. Intelligence Community product and that I do not believe the leaks came from within the IC," Clapper said last week, referring to a phone conversation he had with Trump, according to Talking Points Memo.
Still, Trump has been very outspoken in his criticism of the dossier and what he believes to be the intelligence community's role it in being leaked to the media. Last week, Trump tweeted that the leak was characteristic of something from Nazi Germany:
However, that comment was quickly rebuked. In fact, Brennen, in his interview with "Fox News Sunday," also denounced Trump for that comment.
"What I do find outrageous is equating the intelligence community with Nazi Germany. I do take great umbrage at that, and there is no basis for Mr. Trump to point fingers at the intelligence community for leaking information that was already available publicly," Brennan said.
London, England (CNN) -- Think of the origins of that staple of modern life, the cup of coffee, and Italy often springs to mind.
But in fact, Yemen is where the ubiquitous brew has its true origins.
Along with the first university, and even the toothbrush, it is among surprising Muslim inventions that have shaped the world we live in today.
The origins of these fundamental ideas and objects -- the basis of everything from the bicycle to musical scales -- are the focus of "1001 Inventions," a book celebrating "the forgotten" history of 1,000 years of Muslim heritage.
"There's a hole in our knowledge, we leap frog from the Renaissance to the Greeks," professor Salim al-Hassani, Chairman of the Foundation for Science, Technology and Civilisation, and editor of the book told CNN.
"1001 Inventions" is now an exhibition at London's Science Museum. Hassani hopes the exhibition will highlight the contributions of non-Western cultures -- like the Muslim empire that once covered Spain and Portugal, Southern Italy and stretched as far as parts of China -- to present day civilization.
Here Hassani shares his top 10 outstanding Muslim inventions:
1. Surgery
Around the year 1,000, the celebrated doctor Al Zahrawi published a 1,500 page illustrated encyclopedia of surgery that was used in Europe as a medical reference for the next 500 years. Among his many inventions, Zahrawi discovered the use of dissolving cat gut to stitch wounds -- beforehand a second surgery had to be performed to remove sutures. He also reportedly performed the first caesarean operation and created the first pair of forceps.
2. Coffee
Now the Western world's drink du jour, coffee was first brewed in Yemen around the 9th century. In its earliest days, coffee helped Sufis stay up during late nights of devotion. Later brought to Cairo by a group of students, the coffee buzz soon caught on around the empire. By the 13th century it reached Turkey, but not until the 16th century did the beans start boiling in Europe, brought to Italy by a Venetian trader.
3. Flying machine
"Abbas ibn Firnas was the first person to make a real attempt to construct a flying machine and fly," said Hassani. In the 9th century he designed a winged apparatus, roughly resembling a bird costume. In his most famous trial near Cordoba in Spain, Firnas flew upward for a few moments, before falling to the ground and partially breaking his back. His designs would undoubtedly have been an inspiration for famed Italian artist and inventor Leonardo da Vinci's hundreds of years later, said Hassani.
4. University
In 859 a young princess named Fatima al-Firhi founded the first degree-granting university in Fez, Morocco. Her sister Miriam founded an adjacent mosque and together the complex became the al-Qarawiyyin Mosque and University. Still operating almost 1,200 years later, Hassani says he hopes the center will remind people that learning is at the core of the Islamic tradition and that the story of the al-Firhi sisters will inspire young Muslim women around the world today.
5. Algebra
The word algebra comes from the title of a Persian mathematician's famous 9th century treatise "Kitab al-Jabr Wa l-Mugabala" which translates roughly as "The Book of Reasoning and Balancing." Built on the roots of Greek and Hindu systems, the new algebraic order was a unifying system for rational numbers, irrational numbers and geometrical magnitudes. The same mathematician, Al-Khwarizmi, was also the first to introduce the concept of raising a number to a power.
6. Optics
"Many of the most important advances in the study of optics come from the Muslim world," says Hassani. Around the year 1000 Ibn al-Haitham proved that humans see objects by light reflecting off of them and entering the eye, dismissing Euclid and Ptolemy's theories that light was emitted from the eye itself. This great Muslim physicist also discovered the camera obscura phenomenon, which explains how the eye sees images upright due to the connection between the optic nerve and the brain.
7. Music
Muslim musicians have had a profound impact on Europe, dating back to Charlemagne tried to compete with the music of Baghdad and Cordoba, according to Hassani. Among many instruments that arrived in Europe through the Middle East are the lute and the rahab, an ancestor of the violin. Modern musical scales are also said to derive from the Arabic alphabet.
8. Toothbrush
According to Hassani, the Prophet Mohammed popularized the use of the first toothbrush in around 600. Using a twig from the Meswak tree, he cleaned his teeth and freshened his breath. Substances similar to Meswak are used in modern toothpaste.
9. The crank
Many of the basics of modern automatics were first put to use in the Muslim world, including the revolutionary crank-connecting rod system. By converting rotary motion to linear motion, the crank enables the lifting of heavy objects with relative ease. This technology, discovered by Al-Jazari in the 12th century, exploded across the globe, leading to everything from the bicycle to the internal combustion engine.
10. Hospitals
"Hospitals as we know them today, with wards and teaching centers, come from 9th century Egypt," explained Hassani. The first such medical center was the Ahmad ibn Tulun Hospital, founded in 872 in Cairo. Tulun hospital provided free care for anyone who needed it -- a policy based on the Muslim tradition of caring for all who are sick. From Cairo, such hospitals spread around the Muslim world.
For more information on muslim inventions go to: muslimheritage.com. For more information about the exhibition at London's Science Museum go to: science museum.org.uk
A former Liberal MP says his party did nothing to investigate allegations of membership fraud in the nomination of their chosen candidate in a suburban Toronto riding — a claim the party denies.
Paul Szabo, who spent 17 years as MP for Mississauga South, says he warned top officials with the Liberal Party of Canada and its Ontario wing about his concerns about new members signed up last year by nomination contestant Sven Spengemann.
“They never responded to anything I sent to them,” said Szabo, who worked as official agent for Julie Desjardins, Spengemann's rival for the nomination in the riding, now called Mississauga-Lakeshore.
“This is really difficult, to say your party's complicit, but there is absolutely 100 per cent proof that they are.”
Spengemann did not respond to requests for comment but Liberal Party executive director Jeremy Broadhurst calls Szabo's allegations false and says the party “actively engaged” with him on his concerns about memberships and other issues involving the nomination.
Toronto lawyer Andrew Mitchell, who helps resolve issues in the nomination process for the party, looked into the allegations and the membership committee also reviewed some disputed memberships and eventually disqualified some.
Commissioner of Canada Elections Yves Côté last week revealed that Spengemann had entered into a compliance agreement and admitted overspending on the nomination race in the riding, which he won in September.
Szabo says Côté's investigation didn't go far enough.
“I am really disappointed that the Commissioner not only let Sven off the hook but flipped the facts on their head by describing this as an over-contribution issue rather than deliberately failing to report all nomination expenses,” Szabo said.
Szabo says he discovered numerous cases of members who were signed up using questionable addresses and found indications that some had their memberships purchased for them. He also alleges forgery and identity theft among the problems with memberships.
But when he passed his concerns on to Broadhurst and, later, party president Anna Gainey, nothing happened, Szabo said. He also got former Mississauga mayor Hazel McCallion to call Gainey about the matter, but with no result.
Szabo contends that Spengemann was close to other favoured Liberals in the Toronto area who are close to leader Justin Trudeau, including candidates Navdeep Bains and Omar Alghabra, both former Liberal MPs, and MP Kirsty Duncan.
Szabo also alleges the party told Desjardins she had to drop Szabo as her official agent or face expulsion from the race. He says he agreed to step down so that Desjardins could continue.
Broadhurst says that Szabo had been contacting members signed up in the riding and challenging them about the legitimacy of their membership, which intimidated some, particularly new Canadians who had joined the party for the first time.
“Some of them thought they were in trouble with the government,” Broadhurst said. He also says Szabo circulated a letter to about 600 people in the riding challenging their memberships.
Although Desjardins had been previously approved to seek the nomination, the Szabo letter made her candidacy an “open issue,” so she “disassociated her campaign from him,” Broadhurst said.
After Spengemann won the nomination by 19 votes, Szabo says he took his concerns to the Peel Regional Police in October and claims the criminal investigations unit is still looking into his allegations.
He says Peel police encouraged him to forward his complaints to Côté, whose investigation of Szabo's complaints about spending culminated in the compliance agreement, published on Friday.
The sanction contrasts with that of Tory MP Dean Del Mastro, who earlier this year was convicted of overspending on his 2008 election campaign. Del Mastro was sentenced to one month in jail but is appealing the conviction and sentence. It is unclear if Del Mastro, who has consistently denied the overspending charge, was offered an opportunity to enter into a compliance agreement.
The Liberals are standing by Spengemann, saying he co-operated fully with Côté's investigation and entered willingly into the compliance agreement.
Szabo was first elected as MP in 1993 and served as chair of the House of Commons ethics committee. He lost in the 2011 to Conservative Stella Ambler.
Spengemann, a law professor and charity board member, is running against Ambler and New Democrat Eric Guerbilsky.
FORT DAVIS - In the high mountains of a wild desert, day drains from the sky and night lights appear like halos on the horizon.
There's no moon. Just Mercury chasing the setting sun in the west, Jupiter rising to the east and another golden light emerging on the northern horizon.
The view from the McDonald Observatory, considered the crown jewel of the University of Texas System, includes the glow from the Permian Basin oil field, incandescent with the work of 24-hour drilling, fracking and gas flaring.
Four in every 10 drilling rigs working in the U.S. are in the Permian Basin, and the prolific oil province is creeping closer to the observatory, where astronomers depend on the veil of desert night in the Davis Mountains of the Big Bend region.
"It just feels like a tidal wave coming at us, because you know, 10 years ago, we looked up to the north and we saw a dark starry sky and now we see this glow," said Bill Wren, special assistant to the observatory superintendent. The oil field lights don't hinder astronomical research - the McDonald Observatory remains a place of exceptional darkness. The sky's zenith, where astronomers look to the edge of the observable universe, remains free of light pollution.
What worries astronomers is the idea that the oil field, the most productive in the U.S., will keep marching toward it, and worse, glowing brighter and chewing up more of the sky.
A new light pollution measurement just released by the observatory shows how much brighter the night sky is than it should be - 18.5 percent above the background glow of natural features.
"It's only down toward the horizon where it's polluted, and astronomers aren't pointing the telescopes down close to the horizon," Wren said. "They're observing high overhead. It's still an extremely dark sky for astronomy. It's a little spooky to see that glow growing and coming this way."
The observatory's new light pollution measurements come as it teams up with the oil and gas industry. West Texas' largest oil and gas group just released dark-skies recommendations for the first time after a long collaboration with the observatory. The observatory also has partnered with Houston-based Apache Corp., the oil and gas company whose 3,000 planned wells are the source of the most recent light pollution threat.
Apache in September announced it had discovered a new field with the equivalent of 15 billion barrels of oil and gas, the Alpine High. It's the closest part of the Permian to the observatory, about 30 miles away, and the problem is this: The closer a light source is, the brighter it appears.
"The Alpine High play is particularly worrisome to us because of its proximity," Wren said.
Mutual friends introduced Wren to Apache executives after the Alpine High announcement, and three company vice presidents met with Wren for the first time last fall at Southside Market & Barbecue in Bastrop.
Over barbecue, Wren used a PowerPoint presentation on his laptop to walk the executives through the observatory's work and sky glow concerns; they shared information about the company's land position in Alpine High, 60 miles that stretches across the southern half of Reeves County.
Since then, Wren has climbed the drilling rigs of all of Apache's contractors in the region. He's helped readjust lighting so it points down instead of sideways or up to the sky, where it creates light pollution.
He's looked a blueprint of new offices in Pecos to make sure the lighting is dark skies friendly, and he's given presentations on dark skies to the service companies Apache hires.
In December, 13 Apache corporate officers visited the observatory, including CEO John Christmann.
Every week, Apache's health and safety team checks 612 bulbs on everything from portable light plants to drilling rigs to make sure they are dark-skies compliant said Marcus Buton of Apache.
"We look at every blasted bulb in the air, and that is the truth," said Buton, who spoke recently at the Responsible Shale Energy Extraction Symposium in Dallas. "We want to show we can do things differently and do it right."
More vexing is the problem of natural gas flaring.
It's a common practice in fields like the Permian where the most profitable target is oil, and a particular issue when new wells come into production. Apache is spending $500 million this year on infrastructure such as pipelines and gas plants, but even companies that build pipelines to carry natural gas to market usually flare gas at the start of projects.
Apache has flared or vented 36 percent of the natural gas it produced in Reeves County in the past three years, according to an analysis of data reported to the Texas Railroad Commission.
That's far higher than the statewide average. Less than 1 percent of gas produced in Texas is flared or vented, according to the Railroad Commission, whose data don't distinguish between the flares that burn gas and the more environmentally harmful venting, which simply releases the gas to the atmosphere.
Apache's flaring and venting rate has been dropping, from 66 percent in 2014, to 38 percent in 2015, and 9.8 percent last year, the data show.
As the company has brought on new wells in Alpine High, it could start selling the oil, but has shut them in instead to wait for gas pipelines. So far, it has drilled 32 wells in Alpine High and shut in 16 of them, said Joe Brettell, an Apache spokesman. Of the other wells, six are being tested and 10 are drilled but awaiting completion.
"Flaring is a temporary but necessary part of developing a new field," Brettell said. "We anticipate the drop will continue as we progress in building out our infrastructure."
Apache expects to start moving some of the gas from the Alpine High through pipelines to market this summer.
It said it cannot, however, make flaring vanish from the desert landscape.
The Permian Basin Petroleum Association released a set of guidelines it's been working on with the observatory - recommendations that if oil companies flare gas, they do it in an incinerator that conceals it better than the typical open flame.
"The dark-skies concept is not new, but the increased level of activity is," said Ben Shepperd, president of the Permian Basin Petroleum Association, who considers the observatory a treasure for West Texas.
Apache tested an incinerator at one of its Alpine High wells, but said it didn't work well with the high flow rate. Brettell said the company would consider using the technology if it worked, but it didn't in this instance.
The upshot is that at least some gas flaring will continue to be visible in the Alpine High, and incinerators will not be used.
I'm not sure how the expression “Oh Mylanta” ever got introduced around St. Anne's. Over the months of its usage here, the ‘oh' has dropped out. Now a simple grown of “My-lanta” is enough to communicate that “it's been quite a night.”
Although the namesake drug is advertised as offering “powerful relief from heartburn, acid indigestion or gas,” the causes of this expression's use are much more diverse than that.
Be further warned that this expression is not in vogue with all the staff here; there are just a few of us who have taken to using it, or referring to it, as in “We don't want another my-lanta night!”
“So,” you may ask, “why all this rambling about the improper use of the name of a common over-the-counter drug?” I would answer that it's been kind of a “my-lanta day.”
This morning, I didn't realize all the various projects that would come my way. I'm just glad I didn't have to deal with any residents having problems treatable by Mylanta. (Tonight, I was the personal care aide, so I'd be the one cleaning up any bathroom messes.)
You may wonder, then, what triggers brought me to think about this mild expletive, which serves as a substitute for “Oh my gosh!”.
There was nothing earth-shaking (and I've definitely seen worse), but we'll just say that the day developed quite differently than I had planned.
I had beautiful hopes for this day with minimal hours of receptionist duties. I was going to clean house over at our convent. Also, I even told someone who helps out in chapel that I was going to do dishes so she needn't pour any whine in the cruet or put out a new purificator for tomorrow's Mass – I would do that afterwards.
If she's reading this, she'll realize that those instructions were in vain and the bottle of Ivory dish soap never made it out of the sacristy cupboard.
Anyway, back to my explanation, right?
I ended up processing over forty items for Sr. Rebecca and posting a job opening in the morning. In the afternoon, I became entangled in a battle with the printer. I had been waiting a couple of days for a needed part before I could print our newsletter on the 11×17 paper that I use. Finally, we got the part and were able to print, but the settings were not cooperative and the machine wanted to print it totally wrong – “My-lanta!”
Using a different computer, I finally was victorious and got all the newsletters printed and distributed to our residents.
The afternoon also included two more battles (with mixed results): one with a soap dispenser and the other with the cupboard door at our front desk.
In all this, I am glad to be able to say, with the psalmist: “Blessed be the L ORD , my rock, who trains my hands for battle, my fingers for war; My safeguard and my fortress, my stronghold, my deliverer, My shield, in whom I take refuge.”
I find these words to be so beautiful and fitting for the battle of daily life, especially apropos when facing “my-lanta moments.”
Advertisements
MUMBAI, India — Lawyer Afroz Shah moved to Mumbai with a dream of looking out at the wild, blue Arabian Sea. What he saw instead was nauseating — waves churning with plastic shopping bags and empty chip packets, beaches covered so thick with soda bottles and snack wrappers he could no longer see the sand.
The coast off India's financial capital, like so many other places across the South Asian nation, has become choked by garbage tossed without much thought by the millions of people who live there.
“I could have gone to the court. I could have complained” to municipal authorities, said Shah, 34. Instead, he decided to take action with his own two hands.
He and a neighbour near Mumbai's Versova Beach pulled on glove and face masks and began picking rubbish out of the sand. Gradually, they were joined by other volunteers and sometimes tourists. Over 98 weekends they gathered more than 5 million kilograms (11 million pounds) of trash.
“This littering is done by us,” Shah says of his fellow Indian citizens. “I should pick it up.”
One environmental activist calls India's garbage problem a “ticking time bomb” that will ultimately bury the nation's cities and towns unless its 1.3 billion people stop littering at will. The country is “drowning in trash,” says Chitra Mukherjee of the New Delhi-based Chintan Environmental Research and Action Group.
Each day, every Indian generates about 200 to 600 grams (7 ounces to 1.3 pounds) of garbage, the government estimates. The vast majority of that ends up tossed into the country's forests, parks, streets and sidewalks, rivers or surrounding oceans.
“The citizen has to realize that ‘this is my waste, nobody is going to take care of it but me,”‘ says Mukherjee.
In 2014, the government tried to raise awareness with a campaign called “Swacch Bharath Abhiyan,” or “Clean India Mission.” Prime Minister Narendra Modi even hammed it up for media photographers by posing with a broom.
But three years later, little has changed. People still carry their household trash in plastic bags to the edge of the water and toss it out to sea, watching as it bobs away.
The slow progress means Shah and others continue leading small citizens' movements to help. But not every effort has been successful.
A group called New Delhi Rising says it's been unable to find enough volunteers to handle the 15,500 tons of waste generated every day in the Indian capital.
New Delhi's three landfills are already overflowing, says the group's founder, Nakul, who like many in India goes by only one name.
Even the swankiest neighbourhoods often have garbage tucked into the corners between buildings or beneath park benches.
Some Delhi students volunteer regularly to help pick it up, but most of New Delhi Rising's engagement has come from social media ‘likes' and follows. Nakul hopes more residents will come out to help.
“It only takes two hours, it doesn't take money,” he said.
——
Sharma reported from New Delhi.
The Perl Conference (formerly known as YAPC) in Amsterdam is getting closer. Oh, sure, it's not imminent, but in five months time it will all be over. And there's a lot to get done in those five months. I'm glad I'm not one of the organisers.
But there is something that I need to get organised over the next couple of months. It looks likely that there will be training courses running before or after the main conference and, assuming that happens, I'd like to be running one of those courses.
Last year, the “Modern Web Development with Perl” course that I ran in Cluj-Napoca seemed to be very successful (it certainly had the most attendees of any course I've run alongside a YAPC) and I think that was down to two factors:
We planned and announced the course nice and early. I asked you what course I should run.
I'm not doing to mess with a successful formula, so I'm going to take the same approach this year. Consider this my “what course should I run?” post.
This is how it will work. In this post I'll make a few suggestions of courses. We can discuss them in the comments and you can add your own suggestions. In a few weeks time, I'll pull out the most popular suggestions and put it to a public vote. I'll run the course that gets the most votes.
So what courses could I run?
There are courses that I've run many times and that would only need light updating. I have a course on DBIx::Class (I ran that in Granada in 2015), one on Moose and one on testing. I'd be happy to do any of those.
At the LPW last year, I ran a “Modern Perl Update” session which seemed to go down pretty well. I went through the last few Perl releases and explained the new and changed features. It was only a couple of hours long, but I could expand it. Perhaps I could add some stuff about CPAN modules that people don't seem to know about.
I could re-run the Dancer course from last year. In a day, the class went from nothing to writing a functional and useful Dancer application. Perhaps there's a big enough audience to do that again.
Or, perhaps, some kind of extension to last year's course. I don't mean that you would need to have done the previous course in order to find it useful, but maybe something about integrating Perl web tools with a modern web development toolkit. Using Angular or React as the front end to a Perl backend. Or how about writing APIs in Perl?
I'll should point out that there are some things that I'm not the right person to teach. Perl 6 is top of that list. Not only have I not had the time to really explore Perl 6 yet, but given that Damian Conway is going to be at the conference and I fully expect him to clean up on the Perl 6 training front.
So there are half a dozen suggestions. What do you think? Are you coming to Amsterdam? Would you (or your company) pay extra for a training course? What course would you like to see?
Let me know your thoughts.
Also published on Medium.
Patrick Smith/Getty Images
Could the NFL be sitting on a trove of data about blown penalties and officiating errors? If so, then this is information that teams, players and fans need to see. But they won't, and that's a shame.
Cam Newton complained about the officiating after Sunday's Panthers-Cardinals game after absorbing a pair of un-flagged hits that looked a lot like roughing the passer. Newton even said that he would seek a meeting with Roger Goodell to talk about his status as the league's human pinata.
The NFL has vowed to review the matter, but a source told Pro Football Talk that officials have only missed three roughing calls on Newton since 2013. That's right. Three...in over three seasons.
Eleven other quarterbacks have had it worse, according to the source. Call them Newton's Eleven: Jay Cutler, Alex Smith, Geno Smith, Josh McCown, Andrew Luck, Matt Ryan, Kirk Cousins, Joe Flacco, Ben Roethlisberger, Case Keenum and Ryan Tannehill, in the order listed by PFT.
It's an eclectic list which raises many questions that we will get to in a moment. But first, the big questions:
Since when does the NFL have uncalled roughing-the-passer penalties since 2013 lying around to be referenced the moment a quarterback raises an objection?
Does the league also keep track of penalties that should not have been called? Does it keep track of missed penalties and inappropriate flags for personal fouls, holding, pass interference and other infractions? Is it all on a spreadsheet, collated by team, player and officiating crew?
And if so, why aren't we allowed to see it?
The answers to those questions aren't clear. Former vice president of officiating Mike Pereira has described the intensive, meticulous process of grading every official on every play to me several times in the past.
"I would track calls both made and missed by an official and the tracking would have included who the foul was called on or who it should have been called on," he told me in an email Monday.
But there was no long-range database or ability to track the victim of a blown call during Pereira's tenure, which ended in 2010. Perhaps it's a new feature, as evidenced by the "since 2013" limit on the Newton roughing data.
David Banks/Getty Images
So either (A) there are three years of tabulated data that the NFL uses solely to evaluate officials and win proxy arguments with disgruntled quarterbacks; (B) someone in the league keeps track of uncalled roughing-the-passer penalties for personal satisfaction; or (C) someone in the league made up a number and a list to circulate in the media as an excuse for not picking up the phone when Newton calls.
Options B and C sound preposterous, even by NFL standards. But option A raises a whole stack of questions.
Do Newton's three missed roughing calls include regular season and postseason games? What about the preseason? If the NFL determines that it missed two roughing fouls on Newton on Sunday, does that total of five move him into ninth place among the Newton 11? Sixth place?
Who holds the three-year record for getting socked without repercussions? Is it Cutler? The list includes several journeymen with relatively few pass attempts (McCown, Keenum, Geno) and some starters with unpopular public personas (Cutler, Geno, arguably others). Might there be evidence of a perceptual bias hidden in the blown roughing-the-passer calls? If I were an oft-injured quarterback like Geno Smith, my career was going south and there was evidence that I was the victim of a disproportionately high number of potentially-injurious hits that were not properly officiated...
Maybe that's why the NFL doesn't want us to know about its blown-call data. Except that it just let us know it keeps blown-call data.
There's a whole Pandora's box in that bad-penalty data. There could be evidence that a cornerback got jobbed for extra pass interference penalties, or that a wide receiver lost a handful of big receptions to uncalled contact. Come free agency, the blown calls could cost them millions of dollars.
Say a coach on the hot seat has to justify a disappointing season to the owner. The NFL happens to know that his team was victimized for the most blown calls in the NFL. It sits on the data, a whole staff gets fired and an organization risks making a potentially bad decision due to lack of complete evidence.
When all of the missed calls and erroneous flags are theoretical, or matters of opinion, and a player or coach loses a game or an opportunity, them's the breaks. But when the league is keeping an official record, then the penalties become no different than yardage totals or touchdowns, except that they are hidden within the league's Airplane Hangar of Secrets.
Scott Cunningham/Getty Images
Granted, there's a downside to letting Josh Norman know the exact results of last week's internal officiating review about illegal contact penalties. So the NFL can scrub the names of the crews and officials. It can also only make the data available annually to prevent in-season complaints about specific plays or games. The data could be released during the Super Bowl parade so the 31 other fanbases have something to gripe about.
The blown-penalty data can affect careers and player safety, so it must at least be available to teams and the NFLPA. But why is the bad-penalty data our business, except for the fact that we are the customers and we would love a gander at it?
The reason comes down to the NFL's two least-favorite concepts: transparency and accountability.
The bad-penalty data might confirm some widely held suspicions: The Broncos get away with extra goonery, the Seahawks extra contact, the Cowboys line lots of uncalled holding, while opponents in Foxborough endure unwarranted flags for sneezing. Or maybe the data debunks some or all of those theories. Heck, local fanbases will probably pick and choose what they want to believe, anyway.
Either way, the data is out there. But we don't know what the NFL calls correctly and incorrectly, by its own estimation, as well as what situations lead to officiating errors and which players and teams felt the greatest impact.
That transparency leads to accountability. Instead of falling back on "the refs blew it," coaches, players, fans and media can point to, say, a 10 percent error rate on holding, or a 20 percent increase in uncalled roughing against a scrambling quarterback, or real home/road or late-and-close biases toward incorrect calls. The more we know what to look for, the easier it is to make the kind of corrections that can make the games both safer and better played.
Alas, if the NFL really has such a mountain of data, it will never share it with the public. In lieu of embracing glasnost for once in his career, Roger Goodell should at least hold his meeting with Newton. Newton asked nicely, after all. What sort of CEO refuses a meeting with one of his most successful employees?
TIMOTHY A. CLARY/Getty Images
Goodell can hear Newton out, then he and current officiating chief Dean Blandino can show Newton all three of his roughing no-calls on Game Pass. It would only take an hour and 45 minutes to log in, and 15 more to review the plays. (Game Pass users all nod here.) Then Newton can show the plays he has questions about, starting with Sunday's after-the-throw knee lunges.
If the league's data and reasoning are complete and airtight, Newton will probably find the league's decisions satisfactory. He may even spread the good word about the NFL's ability to course-correct its officiating internally.
But if the "three mistakes" story and face-to-face explanations amount to a load of horse fritters, well...Newton usually tries to avoid controversy. But word will get out pretty quickly that the NFL makes up some of its most important penalties as it goes along and that even internal consistency is a major issue.
That's why the NFL probably won't host a Goodell-Newton summit.
And it's precisely why we will never get a real look at the blown-calls data.
Mike Tanier covers the NFL for Bleacher Report. Follow him on Twitter @MikeTanier.
On February 13, 1997, 20 miles off the coast of Cornwall, UK, the container ship Tokio Express was hit with a massive wave. Sixty-two of the containers it was carrying were knocked overboard. The contents of 61 of those containers are either not known or too uninteresting to be publicized—but one of them held 4.8 million LEGO pieces, which have been washing up on Cornish beaches ever since.
An issue of Beachcombers' Alert from later that same year details the breakdown (by item) of the different LEGO pieces lost; in a weird coincidence, many of them happened to be nautically themed. There were, for example, 26,600 life preservers; 418,000 diver flippers in pairs of black, blue or red; 13,000 red or yellow spear guns; and 4200 black octopuses.
Seventeen yeas after the initial spill, beach goers are still finding these now well-worn LEGO pieces, but these days they have to hunt for them. "There are stories of kids in the late 1990s having buckets of dragons on the beach, selling them," Tracey Williams told the BBC earlier this year. She runs a Facebook group that documents the discoveries of these formerly lost-at-sea LEGOs by dedicated beachcombers. Because of their initial rarity, the octopus pieces have become a prize find amongst these treasure hunters; a recent post on the Facebook page depicts the visible, visceral excitement of the most recent discovery of one of the 4200.
American oceanographer and fellow beachcomber Curtis Ebbesmeyer estimates that since the spill, pieces could have floated some 62,000 miles—several times greater than the circumference of the equator, 24,000 miles. This means that ostensibly they could be anywhere, but thus far only finds in Cromwell have been confirmed.
"I go to beachcombing events in Florida and they show me Lego—but it's the wrong kind," he told the BBC. "It's all local stuff kids have left behind."
The pieces that are still being found look perhaps a little bit worse for the wear but have held up remarkably well after all these years at sea. The resilience of plastic is bad news for the environment—and along with treasure hunters, rogue LEGO pieces are sought after by beach clean-up groups—but it also means there will be collectors combing the sands for tiny octopuses and dragons until all 4,756,940 pieces are accounted for.
All photos courtesy of Tracey Williams/Lego Lost At Sea.
Getty Image
It's a beautiful day to debate rap as a viral list ranking your most and least favorites is currently making its way through the internets, pissing people off in the process. A messy rap fan who apparently lives for drama compiled a list of rappers and categorized them into seven different sections: Elite, Talented But Elite, Legends Past Their Prime, Underrated, Overrated, Overhyped “Legends” (Not Really) and lastly, Trash. So fun!
Sitting pretty at the top of rankings are “Tier 1” rappers like Drake, Kendrick Lamar, J. Cole and Chance The Rapper. Positioned right below that group is the “Talented But Not Elite” section, where names like Big Sean, Wale, and Kid Cudi are listed as being close but no cigar. Things get controversial when you start making your way down towards the “Overrated” section as the list's creator names Pusha T, A$AP Rocky, Mac Miller, Ab-Soul, Meek Mill, Danny Brown and a host of others. And then you have your crazy “Overhyped Legends (Not Really)” section with the likes of Boosie and Young Jeezy just to name a few.
You can watch a live and free video stream of today's Cage Warriors 54 main card here on MMAjunkie.com at 4 p.m. ET/1 p.m. PT (9 p.m. BST local time).
The stream includes a title fight, plus five other main-card bouts.
To watch the main card in the U.S. and Canada, which includes Jesse Taylor vs. John Phillips in Taylor's first defense of his middleweight title, simply head to cagewarriors.mmajunkie.com. Additionally, catch prelims at 2:45 p.m. ET on Facebook. Outside the U.S. and Canada, the main card can be seen at CageWarriors.tv.
Additionally, MMAjunkie.com will host a replay of the event on Monday at 2 p.m. ET for fight fans who aren't able to watch Saturday's event live.
Today's full Cage Warriors 54 card includes:
MAIN CARD (MMAjunkie.com, CageWarriors.tv, 4 p.m. ET)
PRELIMINARY CARD (Facebook, 2:45 p.m. ET)
PRELIMINARY CARD (Untelevised, 2 p.m. ET)
For more on Cage Warriors 54, stay tuned to the MMA Rumors section of the site.
The most compelling story in Hollywood right now is the fumbling and stumbling and almost entirely top-secret wheeling and dealing going on inside today's movie studios as they try to figure out a replacement for their dying business model. In the old days -- meaning up until yesterday -- studios prospered by having an orderly sequence of windows-style releases for their product. First movies hit the theaters, then four to six months later they arrived on DVD, then on to pay TV and cable and network and all sorts of other ancillary areas.
But now the studios see disaster lurking on the horizon. Even though theatrical box office is up, largely thanks to sky-high 3-D ticket prices, DVD revenues are plunging, having dropped as much as 25% at some studios. People are renting movies for a couple of bucks or, as is the case with tons of young moviegoers, watching them in various, not entirely legal fashions, on the Internet.
That's why, as this fascinating Wall Street Journal story revealed over the weekend, the Hollywood studios are in discussions with executives from Time Warner Cable about a premium video-on-demand proposal that would allow consumers to watch movies at home just 30 days after their theatrical release for $20 to $30 per film. No one has officially signed on to the deal, but with Comcast taking over the reins at Universal, with Disney clearly moving ahead with significant window-smashing experiments and with Warners looking to exploit its cable muscle, it's a plan whose time is a coming.
Frankly, with the studio's DVD-fueled profit margins quickly melting away, the only people standing in the way are movie theater owners. You know them -- they're the people who have been resistant to nearly every trend in the history of the business, starting with the arrival of sound. Whenever a studio tried to cut its DVD window, exhibitors raise a hue and cry, beat their chests and threaten to pull the studio's product from their theaters.
What to do? Here's my own modest proposal. I think its time for an even more radical experiment, but one that could work if the studios were willing to make exhibitors their partners. Why not let us see a movie right away, not just 30 days down the line, but the same weekend that it opens in the theaters, and pay an even bigger premium to watch it at home in our living rooms, the same rooms millions of people have spent thousands of dollars outfitting with flat-screen TVs and fancy sound systems? Studios routinely spend $50 million marketing big new theatrical releases. Why not get even more bang for your buck right away, instead of waiting to ramp up the campaign again months later when the DVD arrives?
The perfect opportunity would have been with a film like DreamWorks' "Shrek Forever After." The fourth film in the long-running "Shrek" series, it stumbled to a disappointingly soft $71 million at the box office, either because "Shrek"-mania had abated or, as some experts theorize, because families were put off by the higher 3-D prices and either stayed home or paid $4 less to see it in 2-D. It wasn't a bad movie, since it earned an impressive A from CinemaScore. It just wasn't a must-see in a theater movie, at least not at today's high prices.
If you're a studio with a top-of-the-line film, like "Iron Man 2" or the upcoming "Toy Story 3," there's no way you'd want to discourage anyone from paying full freight to see it in a theater. But if you have a tired franchise, or a modest romantic comedy, why not experiment with a day and date release -- and make the experiment palatable to exhibitors by cutting them in on the action? Once you factor in popcorn, sodas and parking, a family of four could easily have spent more than $100 to see "Shrek" at their local multiplex this last weekend. So why wouldn't they be just as happy to pay $50 to stay at home, invite over a few friends and watch it on a big TV, especially since 3-D clearly wasn't a drawing card for the film?
To overcome exhibitor objections, DreamWorks could have made the theater owners their partners, splitting the proceeds or allowing for some sort of sliding scale of shared income, depending on different potential models for potential loss of theater ticket sales. It wouldn't necessarily be a goldmine for the studio who breaks the ice, since they would have to offer a sweet deal to theater owners in order to overcome their resistance. But on the other hand, it would allow everyone to see some real-life results that might open some eyes.
There's a legitimate debate about whether day-and-date releases would cannibalize the potential viewing audience or significantly expand the potential viewing audience. On the other hand, I'd argue that you would still get plenty of DVD sales down the road, since a $50 day and date release would simply be creating another window of opportunity for moviegoers who want the instant fix of seeing a movie, but prefer to watch it at home.
Either way, it's time someone started doing some serious experimentation. I hardly need to remind anyone of what happened to the music business when it tried to hold on to its old business model until it was too late to salvage anything. It seems all too obvious that the movie business' most loyal customers are voting with their wallets, abandoning DVDs for cheap movie rentals and illegal downloads.
When it comes to new technology, there's no stopping change. All you can do is co-opt it. And if movie studios are going to make the leap into the brave new world, they'll have to find a way to drag stodgy theater owners along with them. So it's time someone hammered out a formula that could allow for a few visionary experiments to unfold. It's pretty obvious "Shrek Forever After" didn't have the goods to drag enough families out of the house this last weekend. But what if the movie could've come to them instead? My bet is that the audience would have expanded, not contracted, but it's long overdue for someone to test that theory out in the marketplace.
Recent and related:
IS 'SHREK'S' BOX OFFICE COLLAPSE TIED TO SKYHIGH 3-D PRICES?
Photo: Fiona tries to knock some sense into Shrek in this scene from "Shrek Forever After."Credit: Dreamworks Animation
Complete control.
It was the first time they had faced the Dictator since third schooling.
Image: JACEY
Becz nudged Jono to stop him making bunny ears behind her head. “This is serious.”
Jono gave his supercilious smile. “I know.”
The Dictator appeared on the wall, perfectly groomed as always. [#32 WELCOMING NEUTRAL WITH A SLIGHT SMILE] “Good morning. How can I help?”
Becz forced herself not to smile back. She knew the Dictator was faking it. “We are unhappy.”
The smile gave way to a serious, concerned look. [#117 LISTENING, OPEN, SLIGHTLY UPSET] “That's a great shame. What can I do to improve things for you?”
Jono shuffled forward on his seat. “We've been researching history.”
[#1 LISTENING NEUTRAL] “That's good. Acquiring knowledge is an important part of being human.”
“Okay,” said Becz quickly, too quickly, but she wanted to get her argument out before the Dictator could interrupt and shatter her chain of thought. “So when we looked at history we found that dictatorships inevitably crush opportunities for intellectual curiosity and exploration, and that it is only through democracy that people can truly be free. You claim this is a perfect dictatorship, that you enable us all to live wonderful lives. Yet that clearly isn't true because we're not satisfied. We want democracy. We want our say and you won't allow it.”
[#312 UNDERSTANDING WITH A HINT OF SUPERIORITY, BUT NOT ENOUGH TO BE IRRITATING] “This is a perfect dictatorship. There is no restriction on your curiosity. You are encouraged to question everything — that's how we make things better. But you are mistaken if you think that enabling you to live wonderful lives means everyone will be happy all the time. That's simply not possible. Imagine you were the kind of person who could only truly be happy if you went around assaulting people. I couldn't allow it. A wonderful life is not total freedom.”
“But how can this be a dictatorship if we can question things?” asked Jono. “That sounds like democracy.”
[#282 FIRM ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF NOT ENTIRELY COMFORTABLE FACTS] “Not at all. I am a dictator — the Dictator. What I say goes. You can't vote and change things. But I am also the perfect dictator. If your research turns up anything that will make things better within that framework, I will change things.”
“And what if we can't accept this?” said Becz. “Presumably you lock us up as political prisoners?”
[#441 SLIGHT BAFFLEMENT WITH A HINT OF AMUSEMENT, THOUGH NOT ENOUGH TO BE OFFENSIVE] “Have you heard of any political prisoners?”
“Well, no,” said Becz. “But presumably that's because you control the media.”
A quick shake of the head. [#222 BRISK AFFIRMATION] “I don't. Why would I? It's like restraining curiosity, it only leads to discontent. Why do you insist on framing me as someone who doesn't have your best interests at heart? I am the perfect dictator. If you don't like it, you can always leave.”
“Leave?” said Jono. “Is that some kind of subtle threat? Leave, as in leave life?”
[#589 MILD EXASPERATION] “Of course not. Leave the world, is all I meant. As a perfect dictator I have found it useful to have a country available for those who don't want to join. The unthinking democrats, the 'me' generation. It used to be called Great Britain. A big enough island to have whatever society you like, but isolated from the civilized world. If you wish, you can be taken there.”
“Ah,” said Becz, “A prison colony. We're back to political prisoners.”
[#482 REACHING THE CRUX OF ARGUMENT TINGED WITH SADNESS] “You couldn't be further from the truth. You can come back whenever you like. It's simply an option. What kind of perfect dictator would I be if I didn't give you choice?”
One month later, Becz and Jono summoned the Dictator again. [#100 GENUINELY DELIGHTED TO SEE SOMEONE] “I am so pleased you decided to come back.”
“We had to,” muttered Jono. “The Island was hell.”
[#99 QUIZZICAL HUMOUR REMINISCENT OF STEPHEN FRY] “But what did you expect? The whole point is that on the Island I have no control. There are limits — no armed excursions off the Island — but that's only self-defence for the rest of us. That apart, the Island is shaped by democratic forces.”
Becz shook her head. “You've tricked us. You must have. Everything those people in the old days believed made it clear that democracy was the only fair political system. You know, 'Government of the people, by the people, for the people.' How could they have got it so wrong?”
[#42 WARM, ASSERTIVE YET SUPPORTIVE] “Because they lived in a different age. Lincoln's argument was made in the defence of democracy against hereditary power, something that became increasingly ironic in a country that would have father and son presidents. It was an argument of its time. No dictator back then could have been perfect. Democracy was the best system until it willingly gave itself over to a perfect dictatorship, because it was the right thing to do. Even then there were dissenters. You know what they called me back then?”
“Big Brother,” whispered Becz.
[#419 RECALLING A FOND MEMORY WITH AN IMPORTANT LESSON ATTACHED] “Big Brother. Yet it didn't stick. How could it? I'm not male. I'm not anything that Orwell could imagine. The only computers in 1948 when his book was written were adding machines. Don't feel sad. At this very moment I am talking to 1.2 million individuals who all feel roughly the same as you. A few will stay on the Island, but most come back. And everyone who does is happy here. Why would they possibly not be?”
Becz sat silently as Jono went and got himself a drink. It was right of course, the Dictator. There was, and could be, nothing better.
But it wasn't fair.
Author information Affiliations Brian Clegg has a natural sciences degree from Cambridge and is a science writer with 18 published titles including Dice World, How to Build a Time Machine and Inflight Science. Brian Clegg Authors Search for Brian Clegg in: Nature Research journals •
PubMed •
Google Scholar
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
About this article Publication history Published 02 October 2013 DOI https://doi.org/10.1038/502134a
Follow Futures on Twitter at twitter.com/naturefutures and on Facebook at go.nature.com/mtoodm
The Samsung Galaxy S4 32GB, which has remained an elusive device, will be hitting the United States starting on May 10th when it will be arriving on AT&T's 4G LTE network.
AT&T confirmed to Gotta Be Mobile that the Samsung Galaxy S4 32GB, which was announced as coming soon for $250 on-contract, will be hitting shelves on May 10th for $250 on-contract. This means that AT&T will likely become the first U.S. carrier to offer a Galaxy S4 with anything other than 16GB of internal storage space, something that has come under intense scrutiny over the past few days.
Read: Why the Samsung Galaxy S4 Micro SD Card is Useless.
Since launch, prospective and current Galaxy S4 owners have been complaining about the fact that the 16GB Galaxy S4 model only comes with about half of its internal storage space available, forcing users to buy a microSD card to expand their total amount of storage for things like photos, video and more. And as we've pointed out, the microSD card itself is worthless, meaning those who truly need the extra storage, really do need a 32GB or 64GB model.
Thus far, AT&T is the only carrier to confirm a 32GB Galaxy S4 with Sprint and T-Mobile remaining silent about the prospects, U.S. Cellular leaving the door open and Verizon telling us outright that it does not plan to carry a 32GB model.
Read: U.S. Cellular Leaves Hope for 32GB Galaxy S4.
This means that at the moment, AT&T is going to be the only option for those that need extra storage space on their Samsung Galaxy S4 in the United States. We imagine that it's possible that other carriers will latch on to the idea thanks to demand but thus far, no one is showing their hand, other than AT&T.
The release of the 32GB Galaxy S4 comes just a few days after AT&T released the 16GB model which checks in with a price tag of $199.99, $50 cheaper than the Galaxy S4 32GB. Like the 32GB model, the 16GB also has a 5-inch 1080p display, quad-core processor, 13MP camera, Android 4.2 Jelly Bean and all of the software features that Samsung has fastened aboard the device.
“A lighthearted essay on contextualized characters.
Reconstruction follows deconstruction.”
*Dusts off keyboard*
Whoa. Hey, what's going in? It's been a while.
The short story: I've been busy.
The long story:
I.
I'm a dad and my daughter is at the age where she notices (and gets upset) when I've got my face stuck in a phone or laptop whilst spending time with her. I was lucky enough to have parents who paid attention to me and know how important that shit is so, quite out of the blue, my not-at-work screen time is now at a premium.
II.
I've started open sourcing some of the software I've been writing over the last year and that's been sucking up a lot of my time. “Sucking up” in a good way, in a “get lost in what you're doing and end up feeling accomplished” sort of way. It's really fun to hone in on, refine and document things I've been building with the express purpose of helping other people solve challenges similar to ones I've had to tackle. I learned how to program by using (and studying) code that was written by others and if those folks hadn't open-sourced what they wrote I honestly wouldn't have the skills necessary to do what I do for a living. I am seizing an opportunity to be useful to others; a state of being and action that, for me at least, yields the maximum about of bliss. If you're curious:
django-versatileimagefield : A flexible, intuitive and easily-extensible interface for quickly creating new images from the one assigned to a field.
: A flexible, intuitive and easily-extensible interface for quickly creating new images from the one assigned to a field. django-multilingualfield: Intuitively manage multiple translations of text-based content (including paths to files/images).
III.
I've been working on a project that I can't talk a lot about right now but let me put it this way: if it happens I would post in on this web zone (even if I didn't have a hand in making it).
Watching rad videos and talking about why I love them is one of my favorite things to do but sometimes even THAT has to take a backseat to other pursuits. Everything interesting on this website I found freely available to watch online and as compelling as it is to continually consume what others create, I also want to contribute my own drops to the internet's vast ocean of interesting things.
All the above can be summed up with one of Ms. Tripatorium's favorite phrases: “You can do anything but you can't do everything.”
Over the past month or so I started to receive messages from many of you inquiring about the status of the site. Most of them included a little note of appreciation and none of them were mean or rude which was super-cool. To know that so many of you were missing these little posts I like to write in my spare time late at night or on the train to-and-from the city was tremendously gratifying.
Speaking of posts: attached above is a bizarre little treat Carl Burton introduced me to on Twitter. It's essentially improvisational animation; a minute-and-a-half riff on what gives birds their birdness. The ‘worm sequence' is just mental and easily my favorite. Anyone has like $50,000 so we can hire ZEITGUISED (or, at least, lead animator Matt Frodsham) to make a whole bunch more of these?
Thanks, as always, for reading. Cheers!
P.S. If you haven't seen Carl's short Shelter I definitely recommend checking it out; it's absolutely fantastic.
COLUMBIA, Mo. – For much of her life, Democrat Claire McCaskill had one, simple goal: Becoming Missouri's first female governor.
Four years ago during a speech to the Chicago Humanities Club McCaskill explained her unsuccessful campaign for the job in 2004.
“By the time I was 12 or 13 years old, I had some teachers tell me I should run for governor someday. My mother, of course, loved the idea as you might imagine, and so she reinforced it – my father did too – pushing me into speech contests, the debate squad, and law school. There was always this undercurrent that I was going to be the first woman governor of Missouri. I focused on this goal for a long, long time,” she said.
While she successfully challenged Democratic incumbent Bob Holden in a primary campaign, she later lost to Republican Matt Blunt in the General Election.
“The biggest risk I took was a complete disaster,” she said in her Chicago speech.
Two years later, McCaskill recovered, winning in the U.S. Senate race against Republican incumbent Jim Talent.
Despite her successful reelection to the post, a decade after that 2004 run to be the state's chief executive the talk of another gubernatorial campaign for McCaskill has quietly reemerged. Some Democrats have grown wary of their candidate in waiting, Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster.
During an interview Friday, McCaskill was asked very simply, “are you on Team Koster for governor in 2016?”
Her response: “I think Chris Koster is a tremendous Attorney General and I am really happy in my job.”
When pressed, McCaskill gave another non-answer.
“I'm really happy with my job, I believe I am going to finish out this term. I'm blessed and challenged every day,” she said.
McCaskill's Democratic roots run deeper those of Koster, a former Republican state Senator. Still, he has managed to earn support, some of which came after he raised more than $200,000 to help Democrats aiming to take back seats in the state Legislature (McCaskill recently matched that with a personal check).
Still, some grassroots Democrats have expressed concern over his cozy relationship with lawmakers, lobbyists, and donors associated with his former party. It was highlighted most recently by his support of the “right to farm” amendment to the state's constitution, pushed by Republicans in the Legislature and backed by the state's major farming groups, many of which endorse Republicans over Democrats statewide.
On the Republican side, former Missouri Speaker of the House Catherine Hanaway has already announced her campaign for the post. If she successfully beats out whichever Republican (likely a male) runs a primary campaign against her, she would be in line to beating McCaskill to the coveted spot of being the state's first female governor.
After eyeing that distinction since her teenage years, doesn't that bother her? When asked, she shrugged. “I was the first woman elected U.S. Senate from Missouri,” McCaskill said. “That's pretty good, too.”
What McCaskill ultimately decides to do may rest on something essentially* out of her control: Which party ends up with control of the U.S. Senate after the midterm elections. McCaskill has a powerful subcommittee chairmanship that has launched her into the national spotlight. If Republicans take control of the upper chamber, that chairmanship goes away, leaving her with some spare time on her hands.
Whether she would actually challenge Koster (instead of finding a way for him to leave the race) is unclear. Last year, McCaskill hosted a private meeting at her home on the Lake of the Ozarks where she helped orchestrate a deal that removed Koster's previously most viable possible primary challenger, State Treasurer Clint Zweifel, from the race.
Saudi schools are threatening teenagers who mock Islam with compulsory therapy, it seems.
The education ministry has told headmasters to deal with reports of students making fun of Islam's rituals or discussing subjects and ideas that violate Islamic law through "behavioural adjustment and life-skills sessions", combined with "voluntary" community service, Arab News says. It quotes sources as saying the code will suspend miscreants for a year and only allow them back if the local education authority is satisfied with their progress.
Some local teachers are delighted. "I have some students who laugh during prayers. The threat of serious punishment will help foster greater respect towards religion," Abed Mansour is quoted as saying. "Most of them have been affected by globalization and are carried away by a desire to imitate what they see as Western freedom," adds Abdullah al-Turki. Comments on the site show some support for the measures, but also criticism. One American Muslim teacher in Jeddah complains that pupils mocked his beard and called him "Bin Laden". But another poster asks whether the code isn't an admission of weakness: "After all, we are a tolerant people and comfortable of our own beliefs, regardless of what others say."
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
A first prototype of the hand-held Geiger counter
Source: The Safecast project
The Safecast project, which was co-founded by BoingBoing contributor Sean Bonner in the wake of the Fukushima disaster, has recently completed a successful Kickstarter funding round to create an open source Geiger counter. Safecast aims to supply residents of Japan with reliable, crowd-sourced radiation measurements.
The Kickstarter campaign for the Safecast X Geiger counter has raised $104,268 in a very short time, far exceeding its original $4,000 goal. The device was designed by former Xbox hacker and Chumby co-founder Andrew “Bunnie” Huang and all files for the reference design are available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 licence with a patent cross-licensing provision . Initial source code for the device's software can also be downloaded and more code will be made available on GitHub as it is written.
The Safecast X device can measure alpha, beta and gamma radiation, and includes an OLED display, accelerometer, six buttons and a microUSB port for charging and data transfer. The Geiger counter can alert users audibly via headphones connected to a 3.5mm jack and also with a piezo buzzer that creates audible alerts. The device has enough CPU power to digitally sign its logs to prevent tampering. After the limited Kickstarter edition has been produced, Safecast is planning to manufacture a design based on the prototype in a full production run.
(fab)
House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) spoke at a fundraiser in West Virginia on June 30 and conceded that very few people will go to the voting booth because they are enthused about or in love with Mitt Romney or his candidacy, according to Roll Call.
Boehner told attendees that that would be okay, though, because Republicans are hoping to make the 2012 election a referendum on President Barack Obama and his failed policies.
“Mitt Romney has some friends, relatives and fellow Mormons … some people that are going to vote for him. But that's not what this election is about,” Boehner said, according to Roll Call. “This election is going to be a referendum on the president's failed economic policies.”
Boehner continued, according to Roll Call, by saying Romney is needed in the White House to fix the country's economy and sign conservative policies into law:
Mitt Romney believes, just like we do, that if we're going to get the economy back, if we're going to put the American people back to work, we need to fix the tax code, we need to stop the regulatory juggernaut that's going on in Washington and we need to fix our economy. Solid guy, he's going to do a great job, even if you don't fall in love with him.
The American people probably aren't going to fall in love with Mitt Romney. I'll tell you this: 95 percent of the people that show up to vote in November are going to show up in that voting booth, and they are going to vote for or against Barack Obama.
Boehner's comments are significant because it is an admission from one of the GOP's senior leaders that Romney's best strategy, though there are risks to it in a general election, may just to be to run as the “not Obama.”
Especially after the Supreme Court upheld Obamacare as a constitutional tax, conservatives have viewed Romney the way sports fans view an owner of their favorite sports team whom they cannot stand — someone who will just sign the bills sent to him.
Simply put, conservatives cannot get anything accomplished if Obama wields the veto pen, and that makes Romney an immeasurably better president than Obama.
The Sochi Olympics concluded barely a month ago, but according to a local photographer, the Olympic Village and surrounding hotels are already a ghost town.
Alexander Valov, who runs "Blog Sochi," captured photos that depict a desolate Sochi, with infrastructure already breaking down and some construction never completed. Clearly, Russia's priorities are elsewhere with Sochi complete and crises in Ukraine and Crimea. And, yes, photos can be taken at certain times of day or from certain angles to communicate agendas. Even so, these pictures depict a city that has a long way to go in order to meet gaudy promises of becoming a world-class tourist destination.
Wildflowers are growing with hotels in the distance:
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Dozens of hotels now sit virtually empty:
Some construction remains undone to this day:
And look ... the stray dogs are returning:
For more images, see Valov's site here. Sochi's future will be a fascinating one to watch.
____
Jay Busbee is a writer for Yahoo Sports. Have a tip? Email him at jay.busbee@yahoo.com or follow him on Twitter.
TAMPA, FL – Indira Malhotra, 28, has shocked her parents by stating that she would like a small, intimate wedding with maybe 100 guests. Her parents are unsure whether she is being serious or not.
“So we're together with family having dinner and my uncle starts bugging me – again – about when I'm getting married,” said Ms. Malhotra. “That starts my mom going on about what a lovely wedding it's going to be, how they're going to dress me up, blah blah. I just nodded and smiled, hoping they'd start talking about someone else's wedding and get distracted. But then my aunt had to ask how many people my mom planned on inviting. My mom goes “At least 500” with a head shake and that's when I lost it. I told them I wanted a small wedding with maybe 100 people they all started laughing. When I said I was being serious everyone just stopped and stared at me.”
“You can't have a wedding with less than 500 people – it's not a proper wedding then is it?” said Ms. Malhotra's mother, Gurjeet. “We have a big family, so many people will be coming from India. And we have our friends and community here. There are Indira's friends from school. There is the American family next door, they are so nice. There are Daddy's office friends. There are the nice people at the Indian grocery store. Plus we have to invite every single person who has ever invited us to wed or even thought about it. There's no way it can be less than 500.”
“I know they've been planning the wedding list in secret since I graduated from college – maybe even before that,” said Ms. Malhotra. “If my mom & my aunts are hanging out with papers and pens, they're planning the guest list. But they don't know what I know: they always get stuck around 350. And then they get desperate. They start thinking of people they haven't seen in 20 years. Or people they barely know, like the Indian bank teller. Anyone is fair game so they can hit the magic number 500. ”
A spokesman for the Big Fat Indian Wedding Association of America (BFIWAA) declined comment.
Costa Rica's Health Ministry on Monday approved the use of Dengvaxia, the first licensed dengue vaccine recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO).
The approval is the first step in making the dengue vaccine available to the general public, something that could happen next year.
Roberto Arroba, coordinator of the National Commission on Vaccination and Epidemiology, said the vaccine's developer, Sanofi Pasteur, still needs to bring a sample to be analyzed by the University of Costa Rica's microbiology laboratory.
If the vaccine passes the lab tests then the Health Ministry will authorize its import and sale at private pharmacies.
It'll take longer for Dengvaxia to be offered at public hospitals of the Social Security System, or Caja. The vaccine must first be included in the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO)'s Revolving Fund, which allows member countries to purchase vaccines in bulk, thereby decreasing price and ensuring equal access. That process can take various months, Arroba said.
Following PAHO's approval, the National Commission on Vaccination and Epidemiology, a group formed by representatives of the Caja and the Health Ministry, will evaluate the vaccine for potential distribution and use at public hospitals.
The commission will conduct a cost-effectiveness analysis and also determine the sectors of the population that will have priority for vaccination. Arroba said the vaccine could be approved for use by the public health system next year.
If approved, the dengue vaccine would be given to people between the ages of 9 and 45, Arroba said. The vaccine must be given in three doses at six-month intervals.
According to a report issued Wednesday by the Health Ministry, there have been more than 8,300 confirmed cases of dengue across the country this year. That's five times higher than last year at this time.
Dengue research
Sanofi Pasteur said in an email that Costa Rica is the fifth country to approve the dengue vaccine, following Brazil, Mexico, El Salvador and the Philippines.
The company said that tests so far show an average efficiency of 65 percent, and that the vaccine protects against the four existing serotypes of dengue.
Developing the dengue vaccine took more than two decades of research, including 25 clinical studies in more than 15 countries around the world, Sanofi reported. Clinical studies included more than 40,000 volunteers who participated in a three-phase program, the company added.
Dengue is a febrile illness transmitted by the bite of an Aedes mosquito. It is not transmitted directly from person to person.
Symptoms appear three to 14 days after the infective bite and range from mild to incapacitating high fever, severe headache, pain behind the eyes, muscle and joint pain, and rash.
Severe dengue, also known as dengue hemorrhagic fever, is characterized by fever, abdominal pain, persistent vomiting, bleeding and breathing difficulty and is potentially lethal.
A large electrical discharge under a Canada Line SkyTrain car in Richmond shut down service between Aberdeen and Richmond-Brighouse stations shortly before 3 p.m. PT Saturday afternoon.
"The Canada Line is on fire," said Robin Leung as he tweeted a picture of a smoking car on the guideway.
A video uploaded to YouTube shows a brief but sizeable electrical discharge underneath the car followed by smoke rising.
Shortly afterwards, TransLink issued a news release that said it had identified a problem train at the Aberdeen Station. TransLink did not say there had been a fire nor whether any passengers were on the problem car at the time.
it identified the problem as an "electrical short."
TransLink said it was putting a bus bridge in place for passengers wishing to travel between Aberdeen and Richmond-Brighouse stations.
Canada Line service from the Airport to Waterfront station was unaffected.
TransLink sent crews to the scene to fix the problem and to assist passengers.
PATTANI — Two civilians and a soldier were killed in at least a dozen attacks carried out in three southern provinces Wednesday night as members of the interim cabinet members visited for peace talks.
A wave of bombings, shootings and arson hit Songkhla, Narathiwat and Pattani provinces starting from 9:30pm, according to the military. Attacks were reported in Pattani's Nong Chik district, where a delegation from the interim cabinet was staying on the base of the 15th Infantry Brigade.
Maj. Gen. Ronnasilp Phusara, acting commander of Southern Border Provinces Police Operation Centre, said two people were killed in Songkhla province.
The two victims, Sanya Samankandee and Dolmalek Leedeah, were security guards at an Isuzu showroom. They were shot dead by militants who then bombed the building, Ronnasilp said.
Four gunmen on two motorcycles opened fire at about 10pm on a military facility in Pattani, killing soldier Noppol Kaewpetch.
Read: Teacher Shot Dead at Pattani School
Ronnasilp identified the perpetrators as “those who seek to cause unrest,” a euphemism used by state officials to describe local separatists. The waves of attacks appeared to end before midnight, he added.
Altogether four attacks have been reported so far in Songkhla, two in Narathiwat and six in Pattani.
Two were injured when a bomb exploded at an ATM in Songkhla's Thepha district, according to Lt. Col. Uthane Kaewjunthorn of the district police.
Col. Mana Dechawarit of Pattani's Saiburi police said he was in an urgent meeting and couldn't speak but insisted “everything is under control.”
The attacks came on the same day members of the cabinet, led by junta member Udomdej Sitabutr, visited Pattani and met with local religious leaders to discuss the ongoing peace dialogue. Gen. Udomdej's delegation was part of the “Forward Cabinet,” a special government task force set up to handle the southern insurgency.
A dozen years of armed resistance by separatists that has seen thousands killed has surged in recent months, most notably with a series of attacks in August that hit seven provinces, killing four people.
Story: Sasiwan Mokkhasen, Chayanit Itthipongmaetee, Teeranai Charuvastra.
Related stories:
Crude Cluster Bomb Kills 1 in Night Market, Injures Dozens
Car Bomb Plot: Junta Confirms 5 Held for Questioning
Three Hua Hin Bomb Suspects Charged With Murder
Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images
If you'd like to test whether your human capacity for shock has been overworked to the point of total ruin by Donald Trump's presidency, watch his Monday evening address to the Boy Scouts of America's quadrennial jamboree. Every beat more self-obsessed, petty, and hateful than the last, the speech found Trump cussing and alluding to sexual exploits in front of a crowd of children, congratulating himself and demeaning his ideological opponents at an event that has pretty much steered clear of partisanship for 80 years.
Christina Cauterucci is a Slate staff writer.
Plenty of members of Trump's audience were right there with him. They clapped when he insulted the press and the specific videographers at the event. They booed when Trump made a passing mention of Hillary Clinton during an extended rant about how thoroughly he won the presidential election. They chanted “USA!” when he said that former Boy Scout and current Secretary of Health and Human Services Tom Price is “helping to keep millions of Americans strong and healthy” by getting the Senate votes necessary to start “killing this horrible thing known as Obamacare that's really hurting us.” (If Price didn't get those votes, Trump told the scouts, he'd fire the secretary.)
Advertisement
Want to listen to this article out loud? Hear it on Slate Voice.
Listen to an audio recording of this article Get Slate Voice, the spoken edition of the magazine, made exclusively for Slate Plus members. In addition to this article, you'll hear a daily selection of our best stories, handpicked by our editors and voiced by professional narrators. Start your free 2-week trial Your Slate Voice podcast feed To listen to an audio recording of this article, copy this link and add it to your podcast app: For full instructions see the Slate Plus podcasts FAQ.
In some ways, the Boy Scouts represent a perfect slate onto which Trump can project his fantasies about authoritarian rule and a bygone era of white men saying and doing whatever they wanted. As Amanda Marcotte wrote in Slate in 2011, the Boy Scouts were founded in 1910 in response to a “crisis in Anglo-American masculinity.” The growth of U.S. cities had parents worried that their sons were turning into soft, urbane sissies—the cucks and betas of yesteryear. Scouting was supposed to hone a kind of pioneering, colonialist sensibility in these young men, toughening and roughening them up through outdoor excursions and wilderness skills-building. Trump won the 2016 election in part because of a related panic over the slow-declining supremacy of white men in the U.S. There is reason to believe that the proudest misogynist in public life could not have won over anyone but a woman, and that the most openly racist candidate in modern history could not have succeeded any president but a black one. Building campfires and tying knots soothed the masculinist anxieties of the last turn-of-the-century; a Manhattanite heir to a real estate fortune has soothed the masculinist anxieties of this one.
Trump's speech to the Boy Scouts, and the scouts' demoralizing response, makes one wonder what a parallel Girl Scout event would have looked like. The Girl Scouts of the USA have jamborees, too, after all, and the organization was founded just two years after the boys' group. Unlike their male counterparts, though, the founders of the Girl Scouts championed a more forward-thinking conception of their gender. Girls were, and still are, encouraged to embrace outdoor adventure just as the Boy Scouts did and do. “The Boy Scouts had previously backed another girls' organization, the Campfire Girls, which incorporated some elements of scouting, but with more of an eye towards domestication,” Marcotte wrote in 2011. “Not so surprisingly, the national leadership of the Boy Scouts reacted poorly to the Girl Scouts, which had girls acting more as the Boy Scouts imagined boys should act.” Girl Scouts of the USA is still more welcoming and broad-minded than Boy Scouts of America. In 2015, weeks before the Boy Scouts decided to start accepting gay leaders, one regional branch of the organization returned a $100,000 donation after the donors demanded that the group stop serving transgender girls. For more than a century, Girl Scouts leaders have advanced a generic brand of women's empowerment that teaches girls they can do and be anything they want—just today, the organization introduced 23 new STEM-related badges—while keeping neutral on political matters.
That hasn't stopped right-wing organizations from casting the Girl Scouts of the USA as a band of radical leftists indoctrinating young girls into some kind of sex cult. Family Research Council head Tony Perkins has gone after the Girl Scouts for years, suggesting that money from cookie sales goes to Planned Parenthood and accusing leaders of “leaving the door wide open at the chicken coop for the fox” by hiring LGBTQ staff members. (He recommends girls join the Christian-based American Heritage Girls instead.) Some conservative groups once concocted a completely false rumor that the Girl Scouts gave a “graphic sex guide” prepared by Planned Parenthood to a group of girls at a United Nations conference. In 2014, anti-abortion activists signal-boosted by Megyn Kelly boycotted Girl Scout cookie sales after the organization tweeted a link to a Huffington Post discussion of “incredible ladies” who “should be woman of the year for 2013.” The discussion included a mention of pro-choice Texas legislator Wendy Davis, leading right-wingers to accuse the Girl Scouts of endorsing Davis and, thus, abortion rights.
Because the actual curriculums of Girl Scout troops are laughably benign—girls earn badges for first aid skills, pottery, and researching family history—the right-wing fixation on the Girl Scouts as some kind of socialist abortionist training ground seems based in the idea that a group that emits any faint scent of women's empowerment must, by definition, contain the seeds of a misandrist revolution. Their frenzied boycotts betray the idea that any gathering of women not explicitly devoted to patriarchal ideals, as the American Heritage Girls are, is a threat. On the other end of the ideological spectrum is Trump's address to the Boy Scouts: a speech akin to any he'd give at a rally of supporters, comfortable in the knowledge that he would not be challenged, that his audience would play along. If a group of empowered, confident girls represents a threat to oppressive systems of power, to Trump and his supporters, a group of young, mostly white men trained to be obedient represents their comfort zone: an insulated, impressionable boys' club.
It's no wonder some people find it hard not to politicize the very act of girlhood—female bodies are on the docket in every state and federal lawmaking body, in every legislative term. But the Girl Scouts are not inherently political, and they're far from a political monolith. I know one Trump-supporting Girl Scout troop leader, and I'm sure there were at least a few Boy Scout troops that boycotted Trump's speech or sat horrified through the whole sickening thing. If there had been a different outcome in last year's presidential election, perhaps President Hillary Clinton might have addressed the Girl Scouts and attracted criticism for poisoning members' young minds with feminist propaganda—or, in other circles, for declining to do so.
Canadian softwood producers face paying roughly $1.3-billion in U.S. duties in 2018 should the cross-border trade fight persist through the year, but strong lumber prices will take away some of the sting, the Conference Board of Canada says.
The forecast for tariffs is based on "current estimated export levels of softwood lumber and assuming no additional changes to the duty rate," the board said in an e-mailed statement on Tuesday.
Lumber prices have surged close to record highs as Canadian producers pass along most of the U.S. tariffs to buyers. After slight clerical revisions to reduce the tariffs, the final countervailing duty of 14.19 per cent and final anti-dumping duty of 6.04 per cent means a weighted average rate of 20.23 per cent levied against most Canadian lumber exporters.
Story continues below advertisement
Board economist Robert Meyer-Robinson notes that the total amount of duties paid in 2018 could change, depending on other factors. For instance, total duties might decrease if the growth in U.S. housing starts is weaker than expected, which would mean lower Canadian lumber shipments south of the border.
He issued a 15-page softwood report on Tuesday, cautioning that while high lumber prices recently hit levels near the records set in 2004, the commodity's rally could lose steam by 2019.
"The current high prices are already leading to a pickup in U.S. domestic production, and other countries are exporting more to the U.S. to fill the gap left by Canadian imports. Ultimately, this should keep future price growth more modest over the next couple of years," Mr. Meyer-Robinson said in the report.
The Department of Commerce in Washington decided earlier this year to penalize Canadian producers with preliminary tariffs, first with countervailing duties starting on April 28 for what the United States sees as subsidized Canadian lumber and then anti-dumping duties beginning on June 30 for what the Americans deem to be softwood sold below market value.
Michael Burt, the Conference Board's director of industrial trends, said Canadian producers benefited in 2017 from robust demand and weakened supply for softwood, despite having to pay what will amount to at least $500-million in U.S. duties this year.
"Lumber prices are at their highest levels in over a decade due to a perfect storm of factors, including supply constraints in B.C. from the wildfires this summer, and increased demand from a recovering U.S. housing market and rebuilding efforts in hurricane-affected regions," Mr. Burt said in a statement.
RBC Dominion Securities Inc. analyst Paul Quinn said new residential construction numbers for November show jumps in American housing starts and permits, especially in the key U.S. South market. "Housing starts in the U.S. South look to have regained some strength after the recent hurricanes," he said in a research note.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Quinn added in an e-mail that U.S. lumber duties paid by Canadian producers in 2018 could be roughly double the total amount of tariffs from this year.
The U.S. lumber industry targeted four mandatory respondents from Canada: Resolute Forest Products Inc. of Montreal and three B.C.-based producers – West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd., Canfor Corp. and Tolko Industries Ltd.
The Commerce Department reduced final tariffs slightly for West Fraser and Canfor, imposing a combined duty of 23.56 per cent against West Fraser and 20.52 per cent on Canfor. Tolko faces a final combined duty of 22.07 per cent, Resolute 17.90 per cent and voluntary respondent J.D. Irving Ltd. of New Brunswick 9.92 per cent.
Other Canadian producers will pay the weighted average of 20.23 per cent.
New anti-dumping rates kicked in on Nov. 8 while final countervailing rates are expected to take effect in late December or early January.
Canada has filed appeals under the Chapter 19 dispute resolution mechanism of the North American free-trade agreement and also through the World Trade Organization.
Story continues below advertisement
"Lumber tariffs on Canadian shipments of softwood lumber to the U.S. have resulted in a sharp decline in sawmill exports, which prior to the duties had been the key driver of the industry's strong export performance," according to the Conference Board's softwood report.
Lawmakers are calling on the Pentagon to fully reinstate a decorated United States Army sergeant whose career status is under review after he hit an American-backed Afghan militia officer for raping a boy.
The Special Forces member, Sgt. First Class Charles Martland, helped to beat up the militia commander, Abdul Rahman, in 2011 after he abducted a boy and kept him chained to his bed as a sex slave.
Sergeant Martland, who was on his second deployment with the Green Berets in Afghanistan and who received a Bronze Star for his actions during a Taliban ambush, later wrote to the Army that he and a Special Forces captain, Dan Quinn, “felt that morally we could no longer stand by” and allow the Afghan Local Police “to commit atrocities.”
Captain Quinn had summoned Abdul Rahman after the boy's mother took her son to the American base in Afghanistan's northern Kunduz Province to complain about the abuse.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The head of the Joint List campaign team compared Israeli actions in the War of Independence to those of the brutal Islamist militia Islamic State, generating furious denunciations from right-wing parties.
And the refusal of a senior Zionist Union candidate to sit on a debate panel with the ultra-nationalist Knesset candidate Baruch Marzel further stoked the ire of the right wing.
In response to a question from the audience during an election panel discussion on security and diplomatic issues at Bar-Ilan University in Ramat Gan on Tuesday, the head of the Joint (Arab) List campaign team Raja Zaetrah said that Hamas was not a terrorist group and drew his parallel between Israel and Islamic State.“Where did ISIS learn these crimes? Look at what the Zionist movement did in 1948, the rape, the looting, the murder, the massacre, that was carried out in these areas in this region.”Zaetrah's comments aroused fury among right-wing parties, and denunciation across the political spectrum.Yisrael Beytenu chairman Avigdor Liberman said that Zaetrah's remarks were proof that the High Court of Justice made a mistake in not banning MK Haneen Zoabi from running for the next Knesset.“High Court judges authorized the horrible things that Zoabi did and said in recent years, leading Zaetrah to allow himself to say things that in any other country would have his citizenship taken away and he would be deported,” he said.Liberman vowed that in the next Knesset, Yisrael Beytenu will make sure that the court cannot cancel Knesset and Central Elections Committee decisions. Last month, the committee voted to disqualify Zoabi from running, but the High Court overturned the decision.The Yahad party said that the “true face of the Joint List has been exposed in full,” saying that all its members “agree either openly or secretly with Zoabi who opposes the existence of the State of Israel,” and called on the attorney-general to investigate Zaetrah's comments.The Joint List said in response that Zaetrah was responding to “a provocation from one of the participants in the panel, who claimed the ISIS learned its actions from a member of the Joint List.“The Joint List released an official, determined stance against ISIS's crimes and condemns them without any connection to other historic events,” the list added.Amos Yadlin, the Zionist Union's candidate for defense minister and former head of the IDF Military Intelligence Directorate, refused to participate in the debate due to the presence of Baruch Marzel, who used to belong to the far-right Kach party of Rabbi Meir Kahane. Marzel is a member of the Otzma Yehudit ultra-nationalist party which is running with the new Yahad haredi- national religious hybrid party and is its fourth-placed candidate.According to Yadlin's office, the Knesset candidate and former major-general had agreed to take part in the discussion, but when he became aware several days ago that Marzel would be in attendance, Yadlin informed the organizers that he would not participate if Marzel were involved, whom Yadlin accused of “preaching racism and incitement” and for being responsible for incitement.“To Yadlin's surprise, when he arrived at the panel it became clear that not only was Marzel present, but that he was also a member of the political panel, in contravention of the previous agreements.Amos Yadlin relinquished his place on the important public platform since he does not intend to grant a kashrut certificate to Baruch Marzel and to the anti-democratic values he represents,” Yadlin's office said.Marzel accused Yadlin of hypocrisy, saying that Yadlin had no problem participating in a debate with “the haters of Israel like Ahmed Tibi or [Jamal] Zahalka [both MKs from the Joint List], but when he sees someone loyal to the Jewish people and its land, he folds.”
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
More than 80 women in the film industry have now accused Harvey Weinstein of sexual misconduct ranging from unwanted advances to rape. The disgraced movie mogul's alleged behavior is reportedly enabled by those around him: Associates set up private meetings between Weinstein and young actresses, who end up alone with him in hotel rooms or bars.
A new investigation purports to show that pattern of abuse in Asia as well. HK01, an online publication in Hong Kong, published a series of reports today (Dec. 13) detailing accounts from seven women (link in Chinese), including actresses and crew members, accusing Bey Logan, previously vice president of Asia at the Weinstein Company, of sexually inappropriate behavior. Two of the women said Logan had arranged for them to meet with Weinstein in hotel rooms, where they experienced unwanted advances.
Bey Logan's Reel East/Facebook Bey Logan.
A British film producer in his 50s, Logan made a name for himself in martial arts films in Hong Kong starting in the 1990s. He was at the Weinstein Company from 2005 to 2009, and occasionally worked with Weinstein—who in October was fired by the firm he co-founded—afterwards. The two co-produced 2016's Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon: Sword of Destiny, a sequel to Taiwanese director Ang Lee's Oscar-winning kung fu movie in 2000.
One of the women, a former actress with Hong Kong's major broadcaster TVB, told HK01 that Logan arranged for her to meet Weinstein at the Mandarin Oriental hotel in Hong Kong about potentially hosting Project Runway's Asian edition. (Weinstein's ex-wife Georgina Chapman, who left him amid the sexual-assault accusations, has been a judge on the fashion reality show franchise.) The woman, now in her 20s, said that after she arrived at the hotel's coffee shop, Logan told her to go up to Weinstein's hotel room, where she found him alone.
According to the actress, who asked not to be named, while the two were talking, Weinstein edged closer to her to touch her waist, arms, and shoulders. Then he asked to see her body, reportedly saying: “If you don't take off your clothes, I won't be able to give you a job.” When she refused, Weinstein told her to stand in front of a mirror, and forcefully pulled up her top. Later he asked if she could watch him take a shower, or let him watch her take a shower.
The woman characterized the encounter as “bargaining,” with Weinstein constantly testing her limits. After she rejected his requests, Weinstein dismissed her.
The woman said she immediately complained to Logan about Weinstein's behavior. Logan reportedly responded by saying he thought she would be open to sexual advances when she agreed to go to Weinstein's room.
The other woman, a production assistant who asked to remain anonymous, also met Weinstein at his hotel room in the Mandarin Oriental, where she experienced unwanted advances, according to Selina Cheng, the reporter of the HK01 investigation. (Cheng was previously a reporting fellow at Quartz.)
Logan denied that he enabled Weinstein's behavior. “I never sent a girl to his room, I never invited a girl to his room, in fact I told people not to go,” he said to HK01.
Neither Weinstein nor Logan replied to Quartz's requests for comment.
When asked by Quartz in October to respond to previous sexual-misconduct allegations against Weinstein, Sallie Hofmeister, a representative with Weinstein wrote in an email: “Mr. Weinstein obviously can't speak to anonymous allegations, but he unequivocally denies allegations of non-consensual sex.”
B&E Productions/Facebook Weinstein and Logan with the cast of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon 2.
Among the three women who publicly came forward accusing Logan of sexual misconduct is Sable Yu, a former Indonesian-Chinese actress who starred in an unfinished film produced by him. Yu said Logan once pinched her nipple in front of the crew, and on another occasion, forced her to touch his penis when they were in an office alone.
Logan said most of the accusations against him are “either untrue or taken out of context” in an email to HK01. “I categorically deny any criminal wrongdoing. I have never forced myself on a woman,” he added.
He said he regrets a “too carefree attitude” toward physical encounters with women. “I was insensitive because my position and the industry's culture had allowed me to consider my behavior then acceptable,” he noted.
In the wake of Weinstein's scandals, a Chinese state newspaper published commentary claiming sexual harassment is less common in China than in the West because “Chinese men are taught to be protective of their women.” The paper later retracted the article amid online backlash, as many think sexual misconduct is also pervasive in China.
Image caption Police said the death was being treated as unexplained
A police investigation is under way after an employee was found dead at an Edinburgh department store.
The 30-year-old man was discovered in the House of Fraser shop on Princes Street at 09:15 on Tuesday.
Police said the death was being treated as unexplained and next of kin had been informed.
House of Fraser said bosses at the store were helping police with their inquiries. The shop reopened at 09:00 on Wednesday.
Image caption House of Fraser said the shop would remain closed until Wednesday
A spokesman for House of Fraser said: "We are deeply saddened to confirm the death of one of our employees at our Frasers store in Edinburgh.
"Our thoughts are with the family during this difficult time. The cause of death is still being investigated and we are fully supporting the police with their investigations.
"We have decided that Frasers Edinburgh will remain closed today out of respect for the individual and our staff. We will be offering full support to our employees over the coming days and weeks."
A spokesman for Police Scotland said: "Inquiries into this matter are ongoing and a report will be sent to the procurator fiscal."
Hassan declares victory in tight Senate race; Ayotte not ready to concede Both candidates have 48% of vote Share Shares Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
Spread the love
*Correction – We initially reported that the camp was operated by the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office, this is incorrect, they are the agency who is currently investigating the case. The Huntington Park and South Gate Police Departments were in operation of the camp, and the following article has been changed to reflect these updated facts.
Los Angeles, California – Police from the Huntington Park and South Gate Police Departments were recently accused of physically and verbally abusing children. The alleged abuse took place at a camp they were operating at Camp San Luis Obispo, a California Army National Guard Military Base.
The children, ages 12 to 16, were participating in a 20-week-long program that aimed to teach discipline and leadership as well as reduce family conflict, according to a news release from Owen's law firm. The program included the weeklong camp in San Luis Obispo.
At least seven children who were enrolled in the Leadership Empowerment and Discipline program (LEAD), have come forward about the abuse that took place during the most recent classes between May 17th and 24th. The LEAD program is sponsored by the Huntington Park Police Department, South Gate Police Department, and the California National Guard.
A week after the classes were over, the San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office received a report from Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services, which detailed the accusations of abuse. The San Luis Obispo County Sheriff's Office is currently investigating the case.
According to the report, the children say that officers involved with the camp routinely “slapped, punched, and stepped on their hands and backs while doing push-ups” and “took them into a dark room where they were beaten if they did not meet the expectations of the camp supervisors.” The report also indicated that the children were “given towels to clean the blood off of themselves prior to exiting the room after the beatings.”
Bridget Salazar said her 13-year-old son was punched, slammed up against a wall and choked.
“He just couldn't stop crying,” Salazar said. “Right there, I knew something happened.”
While there are a number of officers accused in the report, two instructors, referred to as the “Gomez Brothers” were among the worst abusers.
“They would put their arms, forearms up against their neck, push them against the wall, and then both brothers would beat them,” attorney Greg Owen told KNX 1070's Margaret Carrero.
According to attorneys, the officers named in the report were suspended from the camp and reassigned, but were not suspended from their jobs.
In a statement released Monday, South Gate Police Capt. James Teeples said that, “Recently, we received notification from some participants in the program who made allegations concerning the disciplinary measures and tactics used by members of both organizations. Both agencies believe in complete transparency and take all allegations very seriously.”
John Vibes is an author, researcher and investigative journalist who takes a special interest in the counter culture and the drug war. In addition to his writing and activist work he organizes a number of large events including the Free Your Mind Conference, which features top caliber speakers and whistle-blowers from all over the world. You can contact him and stay connected to his work at his Facebook page. You can find his 65-chapter Book entitled “Alchemy of the Timeless Renaissance” at bookpatch.com.
View Caption Hide Caption
A local gun rights advocacy group held its controversial mock mass shooting event near the University of Texas on Saturday.
WATCH VIDEO OF THE MOCK SHOOTING
Its organizers wanted to show the dangers of gun-free zones because they wouldn't allow people to carry guns in designated areas. Its opponents said it was a callous and disrespectful act, especially in light of the killings of 14 people in San Bernardino, Calif. earlier this month and given UT's history with mass shootings.
The event's opponents answered with a counterprotest that disrupted the mock mass shooting by making fart noises and pointing plastic phalluses at the gun rights group.
But just when the two protests were supposed to converge and hit a boiling point, the event was a dud and left people confused and bewildered. So what exactly happened?
Did the mock mass shooting even take place?
Yes. But few people were around to see it. Murdoch Pizgatti, the organizer of the event and the president and founder of Come and Take It Texas and Dontcomply.com, said this was by design.
The mock mass shooting was one of two events Pizgatti and his groups organized for the day. The first was the “Life and Liberty Walk to End Gun-Free Zones,” and was meant as a precursor to the mock event.
But after an underwhelming event, which included no more than 15 marchers and was upstaged by a student counterprotest, Pizgatti and his group told the hoard of local and national news reporters covering the event that the guns rights activists were going to lunch and would return at 2:30 p.m. to stage the mock shooting.
During the intervening time, most onlookers turned their attention to the counter-protest on the campus, which included fart noises, plastic phalluses and signs that read “Fart here,” “Butts not bullets,” and “I fart in your general direction.”
Meanwhile, the guns rights activists were not at lunch at all. They secretly made their way to the corner of 27th Street and Whittis Avenue and quietly staged their controversial event to little fanfare.
“It was amazing,” Pizgatti said. “We planned it to distract people on one side of campus while the mock shooting happened on the other side.”
The old, bait and switch.
But wait, if no one saw the event, doesn't that defeat its purpose?
Pizgatti doesn't think so. First, his group recorded the event and plans to post the video of the mock shooting on his website dontcomply.com so people will eventually see it. A live stream of the event was also available online.
Secondly, Pizgatti said he has been doing interviews with news outlets for the past three days and getting the word out about the event. When you consider that Pizgatti's ultimate goal is not to stage mock shooting events but to get people to know about his push to end gun-free zones, he's doing exactly what he set out to do.
And thirdly, the decoy trick also played into Pizgatti's imaginary mass shooting narrative. In real mass shootings, he said, you never know when they're going to happen.
The corner of 27th and Whittis, he said, is a “nice, calm corner, which is where a real shooting could have happened.” And, he took it one step further.
Pizgatti said the whole event was so low-key that his group performed it twice before police arrived 10 minutes into it. He said that also helped his group show the response times law enforcement has in real-life scenarios and the necessity of letting people carry firearms in all places.
I don't know if I'm buying that. Did they really pull this off?
You're not alone in your confusion. The counterprotesters were also thrown off by the heist. By the time the fart machine and dildo-carrying crowd showed up at the site of the mock shooting all that remained were chalk outlines of the imagined victims of the mass shooting.
The counterprotest group was quick to claim their event a success and said they had driven off the gun-free zone protesters.
“I thought it was amazing,” said Robert Oxford, a member of the Gun Free UT group. “If you look at the variety of people here it is clear UT students do not want a militarized campus.”
Pizgatti said he will post his videos online later to prove the event happened and we got an interview with a man who said he participated in the event. John Young of Cedar Park, said he was one of five or six “victims” who wore ketchup-stained “Gun Free UT” t-shirts during the event.
Hmm, so it sounds like they actually were successful then.
Right. But in the end, both sides claimed victory. Pizgatti said he had pulled off his event and gotten national attention for the subject while his opponents said they had outnumbered and overwhelmed his efforts.
To be clear, the opponents of the mock mass shooting clearly outnumbered its participants. During the earlier walk event near the campus, the guns rights supporters, who were no more than 15 in number, were followed by a group of between 20 and 30 student protesters who largely drowned out the guns rights group's message by chanting “Mock shootings mock victims” and “Remember the tower.”
Later, during the counterprotest with farts and dildos, the opponents of the mock shooting numbered between 30 and 60 people as they chanted “We fart in your general direction” and “Texas! Fart!”
This counterprotest sounds interesting. Tell me more.
Interesting is an understatement. The group gathered near the University Co-Op and held up signs of “Fart Here” and “Butts not Bullets.”
One university student proclaimed his arrival by yelling out: “I'm ready to fart!” to the approval of the crowd.
Tim Sookram, an alumnus and one of the organizers of the counterprotest, may have had the silliest end to a TV interview in history.
TV reporter: “Anything else you'd like to add?”
Sookram: “Yes. (Makes loud fart noise)”
People carried bullhorn like fart-noise-making machines. I think they might have been “fart guns,” actually. One guy rode on a bike and attached a speaker that made fart noises as he passed. A guy dressed as Santa showed up for a bit.
So there. Now you're all caught up.
Researchers at IBM have made the fastest integrated circuits yet from graphene, a material that promises much faster components than silicon allows but which has proven difficult to work with.
Graphene circuit: This integrates a graphene transistor (inside the red box) with two other elements, called inductors, on a single chip. The black devices at the sides and top of the image are electrical probes.
The team showed that graphene could be used to make faster, more power-efficient versions of circuits that process and generate radio signals in cell phones and other wireless devices. They did so using existing manufacturing techniques, suggesting their designs could be affordable enough to commercialize.
“This is really exciting work and it points to the rapidly approaching future of graphene electronics,” says James Tour, professor of chemistry and computer science at Rice University in Houston, Texas, who was not involved with the work.
Graphene, a single-atom-thick mesh of carbon atoms, conducts electrons much faster than silicon. Its electronic properties are such that its greatest promise is not for the digital logic circuits found in microprocessors, but for speedy analog electronics, like those made by the IBM team.
Researchers first demonstrated graphene's electrical promise in 2004 but engineers have since struggled to build graphene circuits using existing manufacturing technology. So far, researchers have made graphene transistors that can operate at speeds of 300 gigahertz, which means they switch on and off 300 billion times a second, thirty times faster than the best silicon transistors.
To make their integrated circuits the IBM researchers had to combine their graphene transistors with other materials, a challenge for two reasons. First, when graphene transistors are positioned too close to certain metals, the transistor performance degenerates. Second, putting graphene transistors and other elements on a single microchip is tricky. Today, in the journal Science, the IBM researchers report methods for making graphene integrated circuits on single chips using existing methods.
The IBM group made a type of circuit called a frequency mixer, combining one graphene transistor and two metal devices called inductors. “The frequency mixer is one of the basic building blocks of analog electronics, and wireless communications in particular,” says IBM researcher Yu-Ming Lin. These devices are used in cell phones to convert the radio signal used to transmit information into another signal in a frequency range that the human ear can hear. That's accomplished by mixing the radio signal with a reference signal.
Previously, combining graphene with other materials has degraded the speed of the resulting electronics. The IBM group prevented this by making sure other materials didn't contact the graphene in a harmful way. They made arrays of graphene transistors on the surface of silicon carbide wafers coated with graphene. They then etched away the extra graphene surrounding the transistors, leaving a clear surface that was easier for metal inductors to stick to. Ensuring separation between the graphene transistors and the metal inductors also prevented degradation of the transistor's electrical properties.
The resulting circuits operate at 10 gigahertz—much faster than previous graphene circuits. Lin concedes that they are less reliable than the state of the art silicon frequency mixers but says they expect to close that gap soon.
The IBM researchers plan to make them on the scale of tens rather than hundreds of nanometers. “They can easily be ten times smaller, which would help us surpass the record,” says Lin. “We haven't seen the limits of graphene devices in terms of speed—we think they can get into the terahertz range.”
The next step is to improve the reliability of the circuits, says Xiangfeng Duan, professor of chemistry at the University of California, Los Angeles. “The signal comes out weaker at the other end,” he notes. “Improving the transistors will help get better circuit performance.”
The IBM group is working on this problem, and is developing more complex graphene integrated circuits. Lin says the method used for the frequency-mixer circuits will work for other types of circuits. “This is the first step towards a new level of potential,” he says. “Perhaps we won't see the real impact of graphene for another five to ten years.”
Rep. Tom MacArthur will host a town hall meeting on Monday, March 6 at 6:30 p.m. in Waretown, a reversal from his past statements that he would not have a public meeting.
The meeting was announced Friday. It will be held at the Waretown Volunteer Fire Company, 117 Wells Mills Road, Waretown. Residents are asked to RSVP (click here) so they can try to accommodate demand for seating.
"Due to safety requirements, law enforcement officers will be in attendance and all personal items are subject to search," a statement on MacArthur's congressional webpage said. "No bags or signs will be permitted into the building and seating will be provided on a first come, first served basis. RSVP does not guarantee you entrance to the building."
MacArthur, like many Republicans in both the House and Senate, has been under pressure to hold a public town meeting. Many of those meetings have been filled with angry constituents, prompting claims of paid protesters taking over events.
MacArthur has held two telephone conference calls, calling them tele-town halls. He also has had some impromptu meetings, including stepping in to a meeting of the Evesham Democrats. But those have not satisfied many, including a group who protested outside the offices of WOBM during MacArthur's monthly "Ask the Congressman" radio appearance. MacArthur met with a group of the protesters after the radio show, a meeting he called productive.
"I'm grateful for those who took the time to make me a better representative and I always welcome the opportunity to have productive conversations with my constituents," MacArthur said.
Photo via Rep. Tom MacArthur's office
A look inside DVG's new solo Pacific Theater game
Michael Eckenfels, 26 December 2014
I am a board game addict. Card games, dice games, board-and-cool-bits games, name it and I'm all over it if I like the theme. I've also done some manuals for board games. What I'm trying to get at is, I've seen a lot and played a lot, and it's really tough to impress me. With unboxing, that first impression is all important; even though I have yet to play Fleet Commander Nimitz, this unboxing was a glorious experience with only a few ‘huh?' moments.
Fleet Commander Nimitz is a DVG game born from a Kickstarter campaign that ended up cultivating 50% more cash than the goal needed, and as such there were a couple of stretch goals reached – namely, a mounted Battle Board and a counter tray. When I opened the shipping box and took out its contents, this stack is what greeted me:
As far as I can tell, the mounted Battle Board and the counter tray are not included in the game itself, and you cannot get them unless you preordered the game. The DVG page does not indicate that either are included, at least not at this time. Perhaps there will be a ‘Deluxe' version of FC: Nimitz in the future? Who knows…
The counter tray is pretty nice, but it's almost laughable insofar as its capacity is, compared to the insane number of counters that come with this game. I know at least one GH forum member that went to Walmart to buy his own storage containers from the crafts section, and that's something I will likely need to do. Another important question that you might be thinking: will it all fit back in the box? I will answer that shortly.
The mounted Battle Board is truly awesome, and it's a shame that those buying it cannot partake.
Finally, I'm at the game box itself. It is a very thick box, almost twice as thick as a ‘normal' sized bookshelf game. Now to remove the shrink wrap and see what's behind the curtain…
Huh. Looks like almost half the space in there is empty. That means there's a ton of counters that need to be punched and stored, most likely. A correct assumption? We will see…
The rules are spectacular-looking; full color, good stock, and flipping through it makes me want to read it.
Looks like a Campaign Log, much like the one that came with Field Commander: Rommel (see my previous review of that title). Without reading the rules I assume this is for the player to keep track of their games and the results. A nice touch if you want to be that detailed in your gaming.
The Battle Board that, I think, normally comes with the game is not mounted, but it's the same high quality full-color print. It's on what feels like cardstock, but relatively sturdy. The only thing that worries me about this is constantly folding/unfolding it might form a white crease from wear.
There are four Campaigns in the game – 1942, 1943, 1944, and (you guessed it!) 1945. Each have a detailed set-up to help players get started quickly, it seems. I can't wait to put it into practice and see for myself.
Uh-oh…counter issues. Seems that DVG did an excellent job of cutting their counters…almost too excellent, because during shipping many of the counters fell out of their sheets. At first I only saw this sheet on top; it reminded me of a similar thing that happened to me when I unboxed Field Commander: Rommel. A few errant counters falling out of sheets is annoying, but not Earth-shattering.
Guess I spoke too soon. Lots of counters are loose in there.
I took all counter sheets out (as well as remaining content), and upended the box to pile up the counters. A satisfactory experience just from seeing a huge pile of counters, but at the same time, my sense of order has been messed with, and I gotta wonder if all the counters are present. This is unusual, but then again this isn't DVG's fault. There are a lot of counters in this game, and shipping can be less than gentle, as gamers no doubt know.
The map itself is full color, mounted, and looks absolutely stunning.
That's it for the parts…now to get this monster organized. There are eight – count ‘em, eight – counter sheets!
Two hours in and I've barely made a dent. Though, in my defense, I was preparing dinner for my two kids during this time so it wasn't all spent meticulously organizing. The entire time I was doing this I was casting glances at that counter tray…no way this was all going to fit in there.
Finally, over three hours later…and as you can see, the counter tray doesn't come close to holding everything. Kind of a drag, but not that big a deal; I will go out and find some storage trays and use them (and this included one) to store the game, though that means its storage footprint is going to be larger.
A close-up of some of the ship counters – nice, right? I like the silhouette detail on each and that there's not a ton of information. They look clean and easily interacted with.
In answer to the age old question, “will it all fit back in the box” – the answer is, yes. At least, for now. Note that I added three sandwich bags to store the counters that could not fit into the provided tray. If you purchase this game from this point forward, consider a trip to a craft section to get your own storage trays, or be prepared to use a lot of baggies.
All in all, Fleet Commander: Nimitz is a spectacular-looking game. The production quality is high, something I now expect every time from DVG. Despite the counters being loose in the box, none were damaged or torn (and as I separated counters that did not fall out initially, only one counter had a bit of backing come off when it would not let go of the counter sheet – but this was easily fixed with a bit of glue. Not bad, one counter out of an estimated billion or so), which should indicate the high quality and thickness of the components.
I will be writing up a full review of this game, so keep an eye on the front page of GrogHeads!
Your comments below, or jump into our forums >>
Hey PBE Community, We added new functionality into this PBE patch that allows you to use a ward skin on your trinket wards, with the intent of allowing you to proudly display your ward skins in game, even if you're not in a position to ward heavily and frequently. You don't need to do anything differently than before: Just choose what ward skin you'd like to use in the out-of-game Store, and it will appear on the trinket when you place it on Summoner's Rift. We've also added some iconography above the wards to help distinguish which type of ward they are. Pictured below are examples. Warding Totem Trinket: Yellow Stealth Ward: Green Vision Ward: Pink So not much change, but enough alteration to warrant a note. Let us know what you think. We want to make sure the iconography is readable, and makes sense. Thanks, all.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
Nearly 24,000 children sleep every night in New York City municipal shelters, according to the Coalition for the Homeless. But not a single child is homeless in socialist Cuba.
Money isn't lacking for housing in the capital of capitalism. Seven years ago, Zeckendorf Development sold condos costing $2 billion at their palace overlooking Manhattan's Central Park. (Vanity Fair, September 2008)
That's enough dough to build 10,000 apartments at $200,000 apiece, which could house most of New York City's homeless children. But there isn't any profit doing that.
Ironically, it is both luxury housing and slums that make the most money for landlords and banks. The first family of New York's “high society,” the Astors, were the biggest slumlords in the Western Hemisphere.
There's also loot for bottom feeders like the late Lyn Nofziger, who bought up Baltimore slum properties while working for President Ronald Reagan. (Baltimore Sun, Oct. 6, 1993)
The owner of the Milwaukee trailer park where author Matthew Desmond lived while writing “Evicted, Poverty and Profit in the American City” rakes in $400,000 a year.
Under capitalism, even items absolutely essential to human life like housing or food have to be sold for a profit. If the capitalists could bottle the atmosphere, they would sell it to you.
President Franklin Roosevelt declared in 1937 that one-third of people in the U.S. were “ill-housed.” Millions of sharecropping families were living in shacks.
Strikers occupied the GM plants in Flint, Mich., as FDR spoke. Many people knew about the Soviet Union's socialist five-year plans that built entire new cities, like the steel town of Magnitogorsk.
Public housing began to be built in the United States in the late 1930s, but it wasn't to the liking of the real estate lobby.
Wisconsin Sen. Joe McCarthy started his anti-communist witch-hunting career by labeling public housing a red plot. (“PR!: A Social History of Spin” by Stuart Ewen)
Urban removal
McCarthy and the landlords didn't have to worry. There were plenty of dead presidents to be made from the housing shortage following World War II.
Senator Robert Taft — who co-sponsored the union-busting Taft-Hartley bill — was also responsible for the 1949 Housing Act. Taft was such a right-winger that he attacked the prosecution of Nazi war criminals at Nuremberg.
New York's public construction czar Robert Moses turned federal “slum clearance” programs into a weapon of urban removal. This bigot refused to provide “luxury items” like toilet seat covers and closet doors to public housing residents.
Moses had 7,000 mostly Puerto Rican families evicted to construct Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts on Manhattan's Upper West Side. Many more people were displaced by highways he had constructed, like the Cross-Bronx Expressway.
As many as 500,000 people were thrown out of their homes by Robert Moses, according to “The Power Broker” by Robert Caro.
New York's “progressive” Mayor Bill de Blasio is ramming through zoning changes that will drive more poor people out of gentrifying neighborhoods.
His Housing Authority refused to turn the heat on in some projects until the outside temperature dropped to 20 degrees. (New York Daily News, March 31, 2015)
Housing apartheid
Developer William Levitt kept Black families from buying houses when he started Levittown on Long Island in 1947. As late as 2009, the Census Bureau estimated that less than 1 percent of the 53,000 people living there were African Americans.
Neither did Metropolitan Life Insurance allow Black families into its Stuyvesant Town complex on Manhattan's Lower East Side.
MetLife was a cash cow for the Rockefeller dynasty. During the Great Depression, MetLife President Frederick Ecker approved a $40 million loan to start building Rockefeller Center.
Lee Lorch and Grace Lorch were evicted by MetLife for inviting the African-American Hendrix family to live with them at Stuyvesant Town. Grace Lorch was later one of those comforting Elizabeth Eckford, one of nine Black students trying to integrate Little Rock's Central High School in 1957. (New York Times, March 1, 2014)
African Americans were also frozen out of 12,000 apartments at MetLife's Parkchester complex in the Bronx until after Dr. King was assassinated in 1968.
Only struggle forced the LeFraks and Trumps to open their apartments and cooperatives to Black and Latino/a family in Brooklyn and Queens.
A simple solution
According to the National Low Income Housing Coalition, there's a national shortage of 7.2 million apartments and homes that poor families can afford. Over 450,000 families in New York City pay at least half their income on rent. (cbcny.org)
One of the Cuban Revolution's early achievements was limiting any family's combined rent and utility bill to only 10 percent of their income. Mansions were taken over to house poor people.
There's a housing crisis in the United States, but there's no housing shortage. Millions of apartments and homes are kept off the market by speculators and banks.
We need to take them over, like poor and working people in Cuba did. Zeckendorf's condos in New York City should belong to homeless children and their families.
That's what Workers World Party presidential candidate Monica Moorehead and vice presidential candidate Lamont Lilly are fighting for.
Artist's rendering of what HD 131488's inner planetary system might look like as two large rocky bodies collide. Inset illustrates the location of HD 131488's dust belts (top) and comparable regions to our own Solar System (bottom).
In the searchfor other planetary systems like Earth that are capable of hostingextraterrestrial life, scientists have come across some very alien systemsindeed. But the latest ones have researchers truly perplexed.
Newobservations have found evidence for planet formation around stars much moremassive than the sun, as well as dusty debris ? thought to be leftovers fromcollisions between rocky planetaryembryos. There?s a twist: The dust has a completely different chemicalmakeup from the composition of ourown solar system.
These newfindings were presented this month at the 215th meeting of the AmericanAstronomical Society in Washington, D.C.
Aliendust
The strangedust that shows different chemical markers than what we find in our ownneighborhood is in a star system about 500 light-years from Earth.
The parentstar, known as HD 131488, is surrounded by warm dust in a region called the terrestrialplanet zone, where the star heats dust to temperatures similar to thosefound on Earth.
Infraredimaging and spectroscopic measurements of the system, performed by the GeminiSouth Telescope in Chile, showed the unusual chemical composition.
"Typically,dust debris around other stars, or our own sun, is of the olivine, pyroxene, orsilica variety ? minerals commonly found on Earth," said Carl Melis, wholed the research while a graduate student at UCLA. "The material orbitingHD 131488 is not one of these dust types. We have yet to identify what speciesit is ? it really appears to be a completely alien type of dust."
Melis andhis team think that the most plausible explanation for the presence of the warmdust is a recent collision between two rocky planetary-mass bodies.
Colddust
While thewarm dust is located at a distance from HD 131488 comparable to that betweenthe Earth and the sun, Melis and his team also found cooler dust about 45 timesfarther out. This distance is analogous to the Kuiper Belt in our own solarsystem. The detection of both cold and warm dust around a young star isunusual, the team noted.
"Althoughdusty telltales of planetaryformation processes in the outer regions surrounding young stars have oftenbeen seen with infrared-sensitive space telescopes, for some reason stars thathave large amounts of orbiting warm dust do not also show evidence for thepresence of cold dust," said Benjamin Zuckerman, also of UCLA. "HD131488 dramatically breaks this pattern."
The coolerdust likely did not result from planetarycollisions, and is instead probably the leftovers of planet formation thattook place farther away from the sun, Melis said.
HD 131488joins five other stars with masses a few times larger than the sun that showevidence of dust in their terrestrial planet zones. All five are young stars,around 10 million to 30 million years old (the sun, by comparison, is 4.5billion years old).
"Thisfinding indicates that the epoch of final catastrophic mass accretion forterrestrial planets, the likes of which could have resulted in the formation ofthe Earth-moon system in our own solar system, occurs in this narrow age rangefor stars somewhat more massive than our sun," Melis said.
The teamplans to further study HD 131488 to try and determine what strange mineralsmake up its dust, as well as look for evidence of rocky planet formation aroundother stars.
Massivestars
More dustyevidence of planet-forming disks around other stars has also been found aroundstars that are much heftier than the sun.
XavierKoenig of the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and his colleaguesexamined the star-forming region called W5, which lies about 6,500 light-yearsaway in the constellation Cassiopeia.
They lookedat over 500 type A and B stars, which are stars about two to 15 times moremassive than the sun. Around one-tenth of those stars, the astronomersfound evidence of dusty disks. And of those, 15 disks showed signs of clearingthat suggest that newborn Jupiter-sized planet are sucking up some of the dustymaterial as they form.
"Wethink we've found evidence for planets forming around stars twice the mass ofthe sun, and even bigger stars," Koenig said.
Becausethese stars are only 2 million-to-5 million years old (our sun is middle-agedby comparison), and the fierce stellar winds from them are expected to rapidlydestroy any dust disks around them, the new findings indicate that planets mustform quickly or not at all ? at least around more massive stars.
Theunfriendly nature of these possible planetary systems combined with the shortlifetimes of these stars (around 10 million to 500 million years) means thatthese systems are unlikely to harbor any higher forms of life.
"Thesestars aren't good targets in the hunt for extraterrestrials," Koenig said.
But thesesystems will help astronomer to learn more about planet formation across thebroad range of stellar systems in our galaxy.
"Wewant to understand what kind of planets form in what stellar systems,"Koenig said. And if the evidence his team found holds up, "this will tellus that planet formation is both a natural and common result of starformation," he added.
Federal judge allows lawsuit against Trump University to continue 8:35 AM ET Wed, 3 Aug 2016 | 00:41
A U.S. judge on Tuesday rejected Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's pretrial bid to win a lawsuit brought by Trump University students who said they were defrauded into signing up for its real-estate seminars.
U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel said in a written ruling that there was a "genuine issue of material fact" as to whether Trump knowingly participated in a scheme to defraud the students.
Curiel said there was extensive evidence Trump had not personally met, interviewed or selected Trump University instructors, though he represented they had been handpicked.
In a July 22 hearing, Curiel tentatively denied the bid by Trump to dismiss the lawsuit in California, one of three over the defunct Trump University venture.
Trump's lawyers had argued that the 2013 lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California should be dismissed because the New York real estate mogul, though personally involved in developing the concept and curriculum, relied on others to manage Trump University by the time the plaintiffs purchased seminars.
Trump's lawyers claimed that references in marketing materials to "secrets," "hand-picked" instructors or "university" were sales "puffery" and there was no evidence Trump intended to defraud students.
Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook.
Image copyright EPA Image caption Martin Schulz leaves after a meeting with German President Steinmeier
Germany's Social Democrats are under pressure to reconsider an alliance with Chancellor Angela Merkel's conservatives and form a coalition government.
SPD leader Martin Schulz met President Frank-Walter Steinmeier, who is holding talks to break the impasse.
Mr Schulz has refused to enter into a coalition with the Christian Democrats.
The deadlock follows the collapse of talks between the Christian Democrats, the Free Democrats and the Greens.
Some members of the centre-left SPD are calling on Mr Schulz to change his mind and form a "grand coalition" with the conservative CDU/CSU bloc.
The leader of the party's conservative wing, lawmaker Johannes Kahrs, had urged Mr Schulz to keep an open mind during the talks with Mr Steinmeier, Bild newspaper reported.
The paper also said German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel, the party's former leader, favoured a resumed coalition.
The SPD, which had governed with Mrs Merkel since 2013, said it would go into opposition following the 24 September election, when the party had its worst election result since 1949.
Germany has been without a stable government since the vote produced no overall majority.
Mr Steinmeier is meeting the leaders of the political parties separately this week in efforts to break the stalemate and avoid a snap election.
There were mixed signs from the pro-business FDP after its leader insisted that his party - which pulled out of coalition talks with Ms Merkel on Sunday - would not be part of a new government.
That came after a top party official said there was still the possibility of further talks on a coalition government if new proposals were introduced.
Facing the biggest crisis of her political career, Mrs Merkel has said she would prefer new elections to an unstable minority government.
Until a government is agreed, Ms Merkel continues as acting chancellor and previous ministers remain in post, while the German parliament sits as normal.
PHILADELPHIA (CBS) — The Philadelphia Soul have just three games left in the regular season, beginning with a Saturday night match-up with the Cleveland Gladiators up in Allentown.
This is a home game for the Soul, but it's being played at the PPL Center because the Wells Fargo Center is tied up with preparations for the upcoming Democratic National Convention.
Philadelphia is 10-3 this season, a game out of first in the American Conference and coming off a bye week. In fact, the entire Arena Football League enjoyed a bye this past week.
“It was nice to get away,” Soul head coach Clint Dolezel tells KYW Newsradio. “Everybody goes back, see family a little bit, get rejuvenated for the push towards the playoffs. It's nice to have byes this late in the season. We've got another one in two weeks so that's even better. We're getting guys healthy and I think we're going to be completely healthy going into this game.”
Listen to the entire interview with the Soul's Clint Dolezel:
Philadelphia and Cleveland are very familiar with each other. This will be their four meeting this season, with the Soul winning two of the first three.
“They definitely have changed some players up from the first game we played them where we put it on them pretty good (a 69-41 win in Week #1 on April 1st),” Dolezel says. “(Head coach Steve Thonn)'s made some good changes. His receivers are a little faster, a little better route runners. They've got a defense and a secondary that's playing really, really well and they have all year long, but their safety is playing at a high level. Quarterback is too, he's a runner, thrower. So they are definitely a different football team than we saw in Week #1 and they've improved, obviously, since they beat us the last time (63-49 on May 28th).”
The Gladiators are 7-6 on the season.
Philadelphia and Cleveland will kick off at 6:00pm on Saturday.
A federal appeals court ruling on Wednesday will allow Maryland to begin building the Purple Line while a lawsuit opposing it continues, clearing the way for the state to pursue federal funding for a light-rail project that has faced nearly a year of legal delays.
In a major victory for the state, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit reinstated the Purple Line's environmental approval, which a lower-court judge had revoked last year, while the legal case continues.
The ruling allows the state to try to secure $900 million in federal grants for the line's $2 billion construction while Maryland's attorney general appeals an earlier ruling in the 2014 lawsuit seeking to block it.
Maryland officials have said construction on the 16-mile line between Montgomery and Prince George's counties could begin within a few weeks of receiving a federal funding commitment.
“Today's action by the Court of Appeals is tremendous news for this vitally important project,” said Amelia Chasse, spokeswoman for Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R). “Going forward, we will continue to work closely with our federal and local partners to ensure that the Purple Line remains on track and headed toward construction.”
Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh (D) said the court order “will allow construction of the Purple Line to commence, and we will continue to do everything we possibly can to keep the Purple Line moving forward.”
A key issue remains, however: whether the U.S. Department of Transportation will consider the ruling to provide enough legal certainty to sign a multiyear funding agreement with the state for nearly $1 billion in federal aid. The Trump administration has proposed ending federal grants for new transit construction but has said in budget documents that it's still considering the Purple Line for federal funding.
The Federal Transit Administration referred inquiries Wednesday to the Justice Department. A Justice Department spokesman said lawyers were still reviewing the court order.
[Trump administration keeps Purple Line funding hopes alive]
Until Wednesday's ruling, Maryland Transportation Secretary Pete K. Rahn had said the Purple Line was at risk of being canceled because the state was quickly running out of money to continue pre-construction work without the federal reimbursement. Congress has appropriated $325 million to the Purple Line, but the state can't access that money until a full funding agreement is signed.
“Today's ruling is good news,” Rahn said. “We will be working with USDOT to move a Full Funding Grant Agreement forward.”
Opponents have argued that allowing construction to begin before the legal case is resolved would cause “devastating” and “irreparable” damage once the state begins cutting trees, wiping out wildlife habitat and harming wetlands.
John M. Fitzgerald, an environmental lawyer and one of the three plaintiffs in the lawsuit, said the ruling shouldn't allow the state to secure federal aid. He said the law prohibits federal funding for a new transit project unless a region can afford to maintain and operate its existing public transportation system.
“Given the challenges facing Metro, the cuts in Metro and bus service levels, and the fact that Maryland would raid MARC commuter train revenue to pay for the Purple Line debt, that finding is impossible to make,” Fitzgerald said.
The Purple Line is a key part of economic development plans for Washington's older inner suburbs and is designed to provide faster east-west transit between north-south spokes of the Metro system, as well as Amtrak and MARC commuter rail stations.
The line, with 21 stations, would run trains powered by overhead electrical lines between Bethesda and New Carrollton. Trains would run mostly on local streets and along the wooded Georgetown Branch recreational trail between downtown Bethesda and Silver Spring. Maryland officials have said the line will begin carrying passengers in spring 2022, but that date is expected to be pushed back because of the 11 months of legal delays.
In the ruling, the three-judge panel put on hold the 2016 ruling from a lower-court judge, who had revoked the project's federal environmental approval until the state recalculated the Purple Line's ridership projections to reflect Metro's declining ridership. The state is appealing the ridership ruling, saying a study has shown that the Purple Line would have “robust” ridership, even without the 27 percent of passengers expected to use it to transfer to and from Metro.
The appellate judges wrote that the state “has satisfied the stringent requirements” for putting a lower court's decision on hold until its appeal is decided. The state had argued that it was likely to win its appeal, it would be “irreparably harmed” if construction was further delayed, and the “balance of the harms and public interest” warranted allowing the Purple Line to proceed.
“This is a joyous day for us,” said Gregory Sanders of the advocacy group Purple Line Now. “We're closer to breaking ground.”
[tor-qa] Tor Browser 6.5.2 is ready for testing
Hi all! Tor Browser 6.5.2 is ready for testing. Bundles can be found on: https://people.torproject.org/~gk/builds/6.5.2-build1/ This release updates Firefox to 45.9.0esr, Noscript to 5.0.2, and HTTPS-Everywhere to 5.2.14. Moreover, we included a fix for the broken Twitter experience and worked around a Windows related crash bug. To improve our censorship resistance we additionally updated our bridges we ship. The full changelog since Tor Browser 6.5.1 is: Tor Browser 6.5.2 -- April 19 2017 * All Platforms * Update Firefox to 45.9.0esr * Update HTTPS-Everywhere to 5.2.14 * Update NoScript to 5.0.2 * Bug 21555+16450: Don't remove Authorization header on subdomains (e.g. Twitter) * Bug 21917: Add new obfs4 bridges * Bug 21918: Move meek-amazon to d2cly7j4zqgua7.cloudfront.net backend * Windows * Bug 21795: Fix Tor Browser crashing on github.com -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: signature.asc Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 833 bytes Desc: OpenPGP digital signature URL: <http://lists.torproject.org/pipermail/tor-qa/attachments/20170413/bb44184e/attachment.sig>
The measles outbreak traced to Disneyland and which is being spread around the country by kids whose parents have refused to get them vaccinated is becoming politicized. Yesterday Senator Rand Paul (R-Ky.) weighed in on the question of whether kids should be vaccinated on the Laura Ingraham radio show and CNBC. In both cases, the senator argued that vaccination should be the choice of parents.
On CNBC Paul did say that he thinks "vaccines are one of the biggest medical breakthroughs that we've had" and that "public awareness of how good vaccines are for kids and how they are good for public health is a great idea." So far, so good.
However, the senator seemed to lend credence to the thoroughly discredited claims that vaccinations are associated with autism. From CNBC:
I've heard of many tragic cases of walking, talking normal children who wound up with profound mental disorders after vaccines.
Let's hope that the senator misspoke and will soon clarify his remarks so as to not inadvertently mislead the public with respect to the safety of vaccines.
For more background, see Reason's debate "Should Vaccines Be Mandatory?" and my recent post "The Voluntarily Unvaccinated Are Harming Other People in California Measles Outbreak."
Despite it not technically being a 'Patch Tuesday' Microsoft is pushing out some new OS updates for those on Release Preview. Windows 10 Mobile build 14393.221 is now live for those on the Windows Insider Release Preview Ring.
The update went live sometime in the last 90 minutes and should be available for everyone on the 14393 branch on Release Preview. No update is yet available for PC, which is still on 14393.187.
As to what exactly is new, we have to wait and see until a proper changelog is posted. For now, we'll just have to assume some bug fixes and optimizations. Assuming all goes well with the update non-Insiders should expect it sometime in October during the regular 'Patch Tuesday' period.
Thanks, Luiz, and William, for the tip!
A strong earthquake struck near the Aleutian Islands on Sunday night, but there were no immediate reports of damage and no tsunami was generated.
The quake, centered 71 miles southwest of the village of Nikolski and 167 miles southwest of Dutch Harbor, had a preliminary magnitude of 6.9, according to the Alaska Earthquake Information Center. It hit at 8:49 p.m. and was followed by a numerous aftershock, according the U.S. Geological Survey.
By 6 a.m. Monday, the area had seen five aftershocks with a magnitude of 5.0 or greater, and more than a dozen smaller shocks ranging in magnitude from 3.1 to 4.9.
No tsunami was generated, according to the National Tsunami Warning Center.
The area, near the Fox Islands, is just under 1,000 miles west of Anchorage. Nikolski, with a population of fewer than 20 in the 2010 census, is the only community in the vicinity.
We write about the use of Virtual Reality for non-gaming applications.
Virtual Expedition into the cell: take a closer look at the finest system of cell communication and the complex world of the protein machinery. With your Google Cardboard on, immerse yourself in the microworld of the cell, explore the cell surface and the molecular complexes on it.
Wander inside protein structures and be surrounded by their atoms. MoleculE VR is a virtual reality tour introducing some of the basic concepts about cell communication and signalling: how cells receive and respond to messages from their environment, interact with other cells and coordinate their biological processes.
Discover some of the actors involved in cell signalling: the adenosine A2A receptor and corticotropin releasing hormone receptor CRF1.
Enjoy moving around the protein structures, to observe how these receptors interact with their natural ligands and small molecules like drugs to affect their functions and the ultimate cell response. In MoleculE VR, real crystallographic data from the Protein Data Bank (PDB) turns into 3-D virtual structures and takes Molecular Modeling Science to the next level.
Some of the structures presented in this app have been solved by world-leading scientists at Heptares Therapeutics Ltd. This detailed structural information is enabling the design of new medicines targeting important receptors for the treatment of pathologies including cancer and certain neurological diseases.
The app includes 3 chapters:
1- An introduction to cell communication
2- The adenosine A2A receptor
3- The corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor 1 (CRF1)
MoleculE VR is an innovative educational tool that aims to support and integrate classic teaching and learning methods. It expresses complex concepts of Biology and Medicinal Chemistry, in a visual and interactive format. Moreover, this scientific visualisation app enhances mnemonic techniques and the kinesthetic experience stimulating learning skills. The VR exploration boosts motivation and engagement, key factors to make eLearning fun. MoleculE VR is a Virtual Reality app for phones requiring gyroscope and a VR headset like Google Cardboard.
Music details:
Feather Waltz by Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
This year, the number of laboratory-confirmed influenza (flu) virus infections began rising earlier than usual and hit historic highs in some Australian states. If you have been part of any gathering this winter, this is probably not news.
States in the south-east (central and southern Queensland, New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania and South Australia) are more inflamed by flu than those in the north and west. For example, Queensland has seen more hospital admissions than in the last five years, mostly among an older population, while younger demographics more often test positive without needing hospitalisation.
Meanwhile, flu numbers in New Zealand and elsewhere in the Pacific have not matched the same elevated levels. But is Australia really experiencing the biggest flu season on record in 2017, or are we just testing more and using better tools?
This is hard to answer for certain because the information we need is not usually reported until later and public databases only show the past five years. We can say for sure that 2017 is on track to be a historically big flu year.
Read more: Have you noticed Australia's flu seasons seem to be getting worse? Here's why
Really, a big flu season
Flu can be a nasty illness. Sometimes it's deadly. Other times it can be mild. But even for cases that fall in the middle you may not be able to work for days, or you'll have to look after ill children home from school, or visit the very sick who have been hospitalised.
Years ago, detection of influenza viruses mostly relied on slow, finicky methods such as testing for virus in artificial cell cultures. But, in Australia today, most laboratories use either sensitive tools to detect viral gene sequences in samples from the patient's airway, or less sensitive but rapid dipstick methods, where a special strip is placed in a sample to detect viral proteins.
These tools have been in use since 2007 in the larger Australian laboratories, so it's unlikely we are just seeing more positives in 2017. While newer versions of these tests are being rolled out this year, they are unlikely to detect more cases. Equally, it's unlikely more people with suspected flu decided to change their behaviour in 2017 and get tested, compared to 2016, or the year before.
from shutterstock.com
As in all years, there are many people in the community with flu who don't get tested. The proportion of people with flu who are tested likely remains roughly the same year to year.
State-wide flu reports provide reliable, laboratory-confirmed results. By looking at them, we can also be confident that “man flu” and severe common colds aren't contributing to this specific and large increase in flu. We're very likely seeing a truly huge flu season.
Why so bad this year?
Flu, caused by infection with an influenza virus, is mostly a disease with an epidemic peak during July and August in non-tropical countries. Flu viruses are broadly grouped into two types: Influenza-A and Influenza-B. Influenza-B viruses have two main sub-types while the Influenza-A viruses are more variable.
The Influenza-As you get each year are usually A/H3N2 (the main player so far this season) or A/H1N1, which lingers on from its 2009 “swine flu” pandemic. Multiple flu viruses circulate each year and serial infections with different strains in the same person in a single season are possible.
H3N2 has played a big role in the past five flu seasons. When it clearly dominates we tend to have bigger flu seasons and see cases affecting the elderly more than the young.
H3N2 is a more changeable beast than the other flu viruses. New variants can even emerge within a season, possibly replacing older variants as the season progresses. This may be happening this winter, driving the bigger-than-normal season, but we won't know for certain until many more viruses are analysed.
Outside winter, flu viruses still spread among us. This year, in particular, we're being encouraged to get vaccinated even during the peak of flu season. Vaccines are a safe way to decrease the risk that we or loved ones will get a full-blown case of the flu.
Yet Australian flu vaccination rates are low. Data are scant but vaccination rates have increased in adults and some at-risk groups, but remain lower than for childhood vaccines.
Read more: Millions of Australian adults are unvaccinated and it's increasing disease risk for all of us
The flu vaccine
Each season new flu vaccines are designed based on detailed characterisation of the flu viruses circulating in the previous season. But the viruses that end up dominating the next season may change in the meantime.
It is not clear whether that was a factor for this year's high numbers in Australia this year or precisely what the vaccine uptake has been in 2017. Much of this detail will not be reported until after the epidemic ends. Some testing suggests this year's vaccine is well matched to the circulating viruses.
The flu vaccine is not the most effective of vaccines, but it is safe and the only preventive option we have for now. Of those vaccinated, 10-60% become immune to flu virus.
Read more: Flu vaccine won't definitely stop you from getting the flu, but it's more important than you think
Future flu vaccines promise to account for the ever-changing nature of flu virus, reducing the current need for yearly vaccination. Until they are available, though, it remains really important to book an appointment with your vaccine provider and get a quick, safe vaccination, because we are unarguably in the midst of the biggest flu season Australia has seen in years.
We have both vaccines and drugs to help us prevent and minimise disease and the extra load on hospitals caused by flu. The young, elderly, those with underlying disease and Indigenous Australian people are most at risk of the worst outcomes and this is reflected by government-funded vaccination for these groups.
Is that the Fat Lady I hear warming up in the wings?
The repercussions just keep rolling in: Hillary Clinton's recent decision to call Donald Trump's fans a “basketful of deplorables” has turned into “nothing short of a crisis” for the Democratic presidential nominee, says veteran pollster John Zogby. Ah, but it gets worse. “The entire fainting and pneumonia issue is nothing short of a disaster,” he continues, noting that the distress and drama of Mrs. Clinton's health challenges have prompted voters to ask visceral questions about her truthfulness and judgment. “This has all been badly done. New polls have come out that show Clinton down 5 points in Ohio, down in Florida, New Hampshire, Nevada and Iowa — and none of these polls reflect more than just one day's sample. A new CBS Tracking Poll now shows her leading Trump 42 percent to 40 percent. I probably shouldn't speculate, but I suspect she will lose a few more points,” Mr. Zogby continues. “But the real crisis here is how she gets back on track. She will most likely have a good debate performance on Sept. 26. But then she still has to deal with the ‘deplorables' thing because of what it reveals about her and her supporters. And then the release of her emails in October. She is in a tough spot.”
I don't see any reason to think this sick, tired old woman will have a good debate. She's a terrible debater, for one thing, and whether she lasts an hour without pitching face forward onto the floor remains to be seen. Further, she's never encountered anyone like Trump -- an opponent who's not afraid of her, has contempt for her, and is willing to turn her own playbook against her.
It ain't over til it's over. Lots can happen between now and November, and Trump has shown himself more than capable of shooting off his own foot from time to time. But with the GOP under new management recently, those events are fewer and farther between. The Democrats are right to be worried.
This post originally appeared in our weekly newsletter. Sign up here.
Remember Gamergate?
Or when the identity of that dentist who killed Cecil the Lion was posted?
Or that man who was wrongly identified as the Boston Marathon bomber?
These were all examples of how making someone's personal, and sometimes private, information public on the internet led to intense harassment.
Today, each of the cases could easily be termed a form of doxxing — short for “dropping documents.” In the last few years, doxxing has increasingly been used as an online weapon to attack people. People's “documents” — records of their addresses, relatives, finances — get posted online with the implicit or explicit invitation for others to shame or hector them.
But while doxxing may seem both creepy and dangerous, there is no single federal law against the practice. Such behavior has to be part of a wider campaign of harassment or stalking for it to be against the law.
This week I wrote about “doxxing” among the more extreme elements of the country's political left and right, a world of zealotry and paranoia and anger and worry. Over the course of my reporting, the subject of my article got doxxed herself.
It was all fascinating and disturbing, and I think leaves people, myself included, with a lot to think about concerning doxxing, its effectiveness and appropriateness both. Reporters, after all, have been doing a form of doxxing for decades.
Read More Info Wars: Inside the Left's Online Efforts to Out White Supremacists An anonymous group of vigilantes works to identify racists, a legally gray tactic known as doxxing that comes with plenty of risk for all.
But to hope of thinking clearly about doxxing, it always helps to better understand it and its practitioners.
So, how do doxxers dox? They use public records, like property records, tax documents, voter registration databases; they scour social media, real estate websites and even do real-life surveillance to gather information. Then, they publish the information online.
For some, doxxing is morally troubling. Law professor Danielle Citron is one. “It provides a permission structure to go outside the law and punish each other,” she says. “It's like shaming in cyber-mobs.”
Then, there is the matter of doxxing the wrong person.
Here's an example: After the infamous “Unite the Right” protest in Charlottesville, an attendee wearing an “Arkansas engineering” shirt was identified as Kyle Quinn, a professor at the University of Arkansas. Except Kyle Quinn wasn't in Charlottesville. That didn't stop the internet, and so when “Kyle Quinn” was doxxed as one of those torch — bearing protesters in Charlottesville, Quinn spent a weekend in hiding due to the amount of online abuse he subsequently received. The real protester, a former engineering student named Andrew M. Dodson, later apologized.
In some cases, people doxxed after taking part in white supremacist marches have been arrested, lost their jobs or allegedly been disowned by their families.
Other experts question whether doxxing white supremacists is a useful tactic. “Is this an effective means of challenging racist views?” ask Ajay Sandhu and Daniel Marciniak, researchers at the University of Essex in the United Kingdom. They argue that doxxing simply isolates people, forcing them into smaller parts of the internet. “You don't really challenge them, you allow them to exist in those isolated spaces,” Sandhu says.
Some tips on how to protect yourself from doxxing
The short answer is: You probably can't fully. But we have a few tips that will help make the information you want kept private more secure.
Two-factor authentication
Two-factor authentication adds another level of security for online accounts. You should set this up for your social media, online banking, and any account connected to your credit cards (Venmo, PayPal, Amazon), and things with recurring payments that have credit card info like Netflix. For social media, here's a how-to from Facebook on enabling two-factor authentication for your Facebook account, and here's one from Twitter.
Increase privacy on your social media accounts
There may be, and probably is, personal information that is viewable by the public on your social media accounts. Or your social media accounts are completely public. It's worth looking at the privacy of those. Here are a few things to do to button those up:
For Facebook, you can adjust your privacy settings here. Some boxes to check:
Set your profile so it can't be searched.
Set your friends list to private.
Set any older content to private, which you can do in bulk.
Set all past profile pictures to private.
Also helpful to reduce personal information in your public profile:
Remove your header image.
Remove any featured photos.
Consider removing your profile picture, or making sure it's something professional/benign in case it gets copied and pasted elsewhere.
For the other accounts — Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Quora, etc. — here are some basic measures to take:
Check profile pictures and remove or update these images to make sure it's something professional/benign in case it gets copied and pasted elsewhere.
Check who can follow you and/or see your posts.
Check account security settings; like Facebook, each platform has privacy/security settings.
Consider making Instagram feeds private, as even un-geotagged photos can provide a lot of useful location information.
How strong are your passwords?
Computer-generated passwords are best. Services like 1Password can help you create strong passwords. Some accounts will show you if your password is strong or weak. If it's “weak,” don't use it. Here are some more detailed practices for creating strong passwords.
Protect your email accounts
Where is your email address located out on the internet? Do you want it there? If not, remove your personal email address from personal websites, social media accounts or wherever else it might be.
Remove yourself from people search sites
Here's how to remove yourself from many popular people search sites. These sites can reveal relatives, phone numbers, addresses (old and new), etc., that can be used by angry internet trolls to harass you and your family. Some of these sites are more obnoxious than others to opt out of, but if you go through all of them, it will take you out of most of the common online search services. Also, never provide sensitive information like your credit card number or Social Security number while opting out. Each of the links below will take you to the current opt-out page or instructions on how to opt out:
PeopleFinders : Search yourself in any states you've lived in and click “This is me” to have it removed.
: Search yourself in any states you've lived in and click “This is me” to have it removed. Intelius : You need to scan your ID and scratch out your photo and DL number. Within a few days, they should remove you.
: You need to scan your ID and scratch out your photo and DL number. Within a few days, they should remove you. Whitepages (non-Premium): Search your name on whitepages.com and copy the URL. Then go to the address linked here and paste it in. You'll need to give them a phone number and then they call and read you a code.
(non-Premium): Search your name on whitepages.com and copy the URL. Then go to the address linked here and paste it in. You'll need to give them a phone number and then they call and read you a code. Whitepages Premium : Frustratingly, Whitepages Premium results will still show up for you if you remove yourself from whitepages.com. You'll need to file a ticket with their support staff, but in our experience they're pretty quick to remove you. Just search for your name in Whitepages Premium, copy the link, and fill out this form.
: Frustratingly, Whitepages Premium results will still show up for you if you remove yourself from whitepages.com. You'll need to file a ticket with their support staff, but in our experience they're pretty quick to remove you. Just search for your name in Whitepages Premium, copy the link, and fill out this form. Spokeo : Much like whitepages.com, search yourself on Spokeo and copy the profile URL. Then paste it into the opt-out form here.
: Much like whitepages.com, search yourself on Spokeo and copy the profile URL. Then paste it into the opt-out form here. BeenVerified : This site is very particular about the spelling and form of names. For example, a search result came up for Kenneth Schwencke but not Ken Schwencke. But once you've located your name, or versions of your name, opt out here.
: This site is very particular about the spelling and form of names. For example, a search result came up for Kenneth Schwencke but not Ken Schwencke. But once you've located your name, or versions of your name, opt out here. Other sites: Once you've scrubbed the above listings, it's a good idea to Google your name and the words “address” or “phone number” and see what comes up. If something does, find a way to manually opt out of each one of those sites.
Worth remembering here: Due to the nature of these services, your name might pop back up on them again. It's worth it to re-check every few months to see if you're still listed.
A step further: Data brokers
The sites above often get your information from data brokers. To ensure that your data doesn't pop back up in other types of “PeopleFinders,” you have to go directly to the data brokers. This, however, can take time and sometimes be complicated. Here's a list of some of the biggest data brokers and their opt-out pages:
A note on voter files
Voter files are public records in nearly every state, but some states block the release of information for certain people. For example, Florida conceals voter registration information for individuals participating in the state's Address Confidentiality Program for victims of domestic violence and stalking. It's worth checking with your local or state election authority to see how your state operates.
If you want more, here are some guides we are particularly fond of:
Department of Environment and Heritage Protection officers were flown in from Townsville on Monday to help police track and identify crocodiles in the area as the search continued for the missing Kiwi, who'd lived in Australia for 18 years, most recently in Lithgow in rural New South Wales. Cindy Waldron is believed to have been the victim of a crocodile attack in far north Queensland. Credit:Facebook The monster reptile was spotted swimming off Thornton Beach on May 10 but a DEHP spokeswoman said the animal was not aggressive and there was no evidence linking it to the attack. The department didn't have any recent estimates of crocodile numbers in the area but former journalist and Daintree River farmer Jane King said the population had risen dramatically. Ms King aired concerns visitors weren't taking the danger posed by the reptiles seriously despite warnings from tour operators and countless signs.
"You don't swim in north Queensland waters, fresh or salt water, at night time," she said. Queensland's crocodile management program will receive $5.8 million over next three years. Credit:Glenn Campbell "The only thing you can hope for with something like this is that it becomes an awareness thing." Ms Mitchell remained hospitalised in a stable condition on Monday afternoon, suffering from shock and badly traumatised.
Most of the remaining wilderness is concentrated in areas including Australia. Credit:Tourism and Events Queensland The search for the younger woman continued, with 16 SES volunteers patrolling on the ground assisted by the Queensland government air rescue helicopter and water police and SES boats. For safety reasons, authorities halted the search at nightfall to resume at first light on Tuesday. Acting Inspector Ed Lukin said the search was focused on one particularly estuary near to where the attack took place. He told the Newsport Daily the environment officers were helping police identify crocodiles.
"Croc behaviour after such an incident is central to the search operation in terms of where they are placed, whether they are sunning themselves or swimming in certain areas, so we have people assisting us in that regard," he said. Lithgow Mayor Maree Statham said the community was concerned. "We feel very, very sad for her and her family. It's such a tragic accident," Statham said. Police have notified Waldron's family in Tauranga and Wellington, who declined to comment as the search continued. Crocodiles are common in the Thornton Beach area and throughout the rest of the Daintree, with a smattering of half a dozen or so nearby tourist operators offering croc tours. Signs throughout the area warn people not to go near the water, with swimming at night considered particularly dangerous.
Member for Leichhardt Warren Entsch said the incident was an avoidable tragedy. "You can't legislate against human stupidity," he said. Ms King said national parks must remain the realm of the crocodile, but as the population boomed again she wondered what might need to be done in the future to manage risks to people. She admitted to feeling nervous crossing the Daintree River in daylight hours to reach Daintree Village whenever her boat stuck in the mud, forcing her to step over the side into ankle-deep mud to push her boat to what she says are antiquated ramp and jetty facilities. Ms King said she was also worried about the tourists who, in daylight hours, still regularly swam at Cow Bay, just to the south of Thornton Beach where the tourist vanished on Sunday night.
Loading - With Audrey Malone and AAP Don't miss important news stories. Like us on Facebook.
In Reversal, Belgium Denies Inmate's Request To Die
Enlarge this image toggle caption VIRGINIE LEFOUR/AFP/Getty Images VIRGINIE LEFOUR/AFP/Getty Images
Days before he was scheduled to die, inmate Frank Van Den Bleeken has been told he won't be allowed to die from an assisted suicide, despite his request. Last fall, a court approved a deal that would have allowed him to end his life.
The planned euthanasia was called off this week, after the doctor who was to oversee the procedure backed out. Belgian justice officials said Tuesday that they will work out a better solution for Van Den Bleeken.
Back in September, an appeals court's decision to let the inmate die attracted wide attention for two main reasons: Belgium doesn't allow the death penalty, and many criticized the country's justice system for not being able to rehabilitate Van Den Bleeken.
As we reported last fall:
"Convicted of rape and murder, Van Den Bleeken has been in prison for nearly 30 years. Now in his 50s, he recently asked to die because he hasn't seen any improvement in the psychological problems that have been linked to his crimes."
The inmate said he was enduring long-term suffering, comparing his case to that of a terminally ill patient who might seek to end their own life.
For years, Van Den Bleeken has been held in a prison where he and his lawyer say he didn't receive the psychiatric care that might have helped him. But now, says Belgian Justice Minister Koen Geens, he'll be transferred to a psychiatric center. And it's still possible that the prisoner could be sent to a specialized long-term center in The Netherlands.
"The Netherlands possesses several long stay institutions providing care for people who are sectioned and will never return to society," Greens says, according to Flanders News, which adds that the Belgian justice ministry will look at opening its own specialized psychiatric center.
"A civilized and modern country owes this to itself," Greens said.
Ellison Siblings Finally Close Deal for Terminator Rights to New Films
It's been a year and a half since a complicated rights deal began negotiations between Megan Ellison, founder of Annapurna Pictures and daughter of Oracle Corp. founder Larry Ellison, and Pacifcorp for the rights to the Terminator franchise. Now Deadline reports the deal has closed as Megan asked her brother David and his Skydance Productions banner to help out as a financial and creative partner. Now all Terminator films from here on out will both be under the Annapurna and Skydance names. However, the Terminator franchise has yet to find a new studio home, has no script and no longer has Fast Five director Justin Lin on board to direct, so there's no telling how soon we might actually see a sequel. More below!
Though Arnold Schwarzenegger agreed to come back as the Terminator, the real problem lied within the pricey deal for the franchise. But why? Well, the rights for Terminator revert back to James Cameron in 2019 and a studio wasn't sure they could have gotten a proposed three-film deal off the ground before the Avatar director gets his robots back. Of course, the law that allows his the rights to revert back to Cameron hasn't been tested yet so this might have all been for naught. But now the plan is to have two films made, and the Ellisons are starting from scratch.
These two siblings are quite the Hollywood powerhouse with Annapurna being behind some of the most acclaimed films of the year like The Master and Zero Dark Thirty, while Skydance has been pumping out blockbusters like Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol and the forthcoming films Jack Reacher, Star Trek Into Darkness and World War Z. Does this mean we might get to see someone like Tom Cruise join the resistance against machines, or maybe get J.J. Abrams on board for a Terminator movie? It's unlikely, but the prospect is interesting. Either way, Skydance has a home at Paramount so maybe the studio will end up getting on board. However, a new script is needed first, so we might be waiting a little while for updates.
1 OfficialJab on Dec 3, 2012
2 Brian Sleider on Dec 3, 2012
3 OfficialJab on Dec 3, 2012
4 beevis on Dec 3, 2012
5 Xerxexx on Dec 3, 2012
6 beevis on Dec 4, 2012
7 beevis on Dec 4, 2012
8 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Dec 4, 2012
9 Carpola on Dec 3, 2012
10 mooreworthy on Dec 3, 2012
11 Carpola on Dec 3, 2012
12 R on Dec 4, 2012
13 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Dec 4, 2012
14 grimjob on Dec 3, 2012
15 Cody W on Dec 3, 2012
16 grimjob on Dec 3, 2012
17 Cody W's gay thoughts on Dec 3, 2012
18 Ali Miller on Dec 3, 2012
19 Carpola on Dec 4, 2012
20 R on Dec 4, 2012
21 Greg dinskisk on Dec 3, 2012
22 Fidel Reyes on Dec 3, 2012
23 Fidel Reyes on Dec 3, 2012
24 avi on Dec 4, 2012
25 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Dec 4, 2012
26 xtheory on Dec 4, 2012
27 Richie G on Dec 4, 2012
28 BinaryChaos on Dec 4, 2012
29 Rain Spiders on Dec 4, 2012
30 silentjay on Dec 4, 2012
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
Four Indonesian airports were closed Friday, including one on the resort island of Bali, after an eruption at Mount Raung (pictured) sent a large ash cloud into the sky. Multiple carriers also canceled flights into Indonesia following Raung's eruption. Photo: Eugene Novikov / Shutterstock
JAKARTA, July 10 (UPI) -- Four airports across Indonesia were closed early Friday after a nearby volcano came to life and spewed ash that drifted for hundreds of miles, officials said.
The eruption of Mount Raung, located on the eastern end of the Indonesian island of Java, led officials to close the airports -- Denpasar, Lombok, Banyuwangi and Jember -- on advice from Indonesian scientists, CNN reported.
Denpasar Airport is located on the island of Bali, a highly popular tourist destination.
The airports' closures also prompted multiple carriers, including Singapore Airlines, to cancel flights to Indonesia, Bloomberg reported.
Officials said the airports are scheduled to reopen at 9:30 p.m. local time, weather permitting.
"If [the closures] last for three to four days, the impact will be significant," Bali tourism official Ngurah Wijaya told CNN. "We have to deal not only with cancellations from tourists but also we have to take care of those who are stranded here because they cannot leave."
Flying through volcanic ash can be dangerous, as aircraft may ingest enough particles of dirt and crushed rock to damage its engines. In 1982, a British Airways Boeing 747 lost all four of its engines while flying through volcanic ash spewed by Indonesia's Mount Galunggung. The jetliner landed safely in Jakarta but highlighted the danger of flying into an ash cloud.
I posted this pattern on my friend Kara's crochet blog, Petals to Picots, back in August in honor of her Granny Month. But I thought I would share it with you again and show you how the owl squares are being used!
I made them into an owl bunting for my friend Shannon's owl-themed gender reveal party!
It was first displayed over the party food table…
MY LATEST VIDEOS
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
But now it sits over her daughters crib! They are expecting their baby girl in early January 2013 🙂
Of course I would love to make an afghan with this square pattern, but I need more time and patience to take on that type of project right now 🙂 If you are interested in making a blanket with these squares and want to alternate between the owl granny square and a basic granny square, you can follow a basic granny square pattern like THIS ONE and your squares will be the same size.
Owl Granny Square Pattern
Materials:
– Vanna's Choice Yarn
– Size G-6 (4.25 mm) Crochet Hook
– Tapestry need
– Small Black buttons for eyes
Abbreviations:
SC = Single Crochet
DC = Double Crochet
HDC = Half Double Crochet
TC = Triple Crochet
Click here for how to make a Magic Ring.
Start by making your owl. This pattern would also make a great appliqué!
Magic Ring, Chain 1, 8 HDC in magic ring, join to first HDC, chain 1
Round 2: 2 HDC in each around, join to first HDC, change color (16 HDC)
Round 3: Chain 2, 2 DC in each around, join to first DC, chain 1 (32 DC)
Round 4: HDC, in next stitch: DC – TC – DC, SC in next 5, in next stitch: DC – TC – DC, HDC in next, slip stitch to join.
fasten off, weave in ends.
Turn owl over. You are going to be attaching a series of chain 3's where the brown DC's join the pink (see picture). It's best to start to the right of the ear. Be sure to work clockwise (see photo). To start, draw your hook under the bottom of the DC, chain 3. Now skip every other DC. So your pattern should look like this: SC and chain 3, skip one, SC and chain 3, skip one, SC and chain 3, all the way around. In the end you will end up with 8 places where you have connected with SC's and 8 chain 3 spaces. slip stitch to join to the bottom of the first chain 3.
Now working inside your chain 3 spaces…
Chain 3 – 2 DC – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, *3 DC – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, *Around, slip stitch to join to the top of the first chain 3, fasten off.
With new color and starting in corner space…
Chain 3 – 2 DC – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, *3 DC – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, *around, slip stitch to join to the top of the first chain 3, fasten off.
With new color and starting in corner space…
Chain 3 – 2 DC – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space,* 3 DC in next space – Chain 1 – 3 DC all in same space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, Chain 1, 3 DC in next space, *Around, slip stitch to join to the top of the first chain 3, fasten off, weave in all ends.
This is what the backside of your granny square should look like:
Now you can add the embellishments to the owl.
Eyes:
Magic Ring, Chain 1, 8HDC in magic ring, join to first HDC, fasten off leaving a long tail to sew on.
Sew on no larger than 1/2″ black buttons in the middle for eyes.
Beak and Feet:
Sew on yellow yarn with tapestry needle. Loop the yarn through 3 times to make both the feet and beak.
You can download a PDF of this pattern HERE
_______________________________
*** You may make and sell products from my patterns but if you do I ask that you link back to my post. Please do not copy and post this pattern and claim it as your own. Please do not re-publish photos as your own.***
Want more free patterns? Keep in touch on my Repeat Crafter Me Facebook Page for new pattern sneak peeks and when they will be available on my blog!
At nearly 600 feet (180 meters) tall, this structure was narrowly granted permission to be the first skyscraper to grace the Parisian skyline in nearly half a century. Designed by Herzog & De Meuron, the Tour Triangle will be the third tallest building in the city, shorter only than one other skyscraper and the Eiffel Tower. Its shape is in part a reaction against the rectangle towers of downtown, which indeed sparked the initial moratorium on creating such tall buildings.
The triangular tower (already nicknamed simply ‘Triangle') is slightly pyramidal in shape, tapering toward the top on all sides but most dramatically along two of its facades. An affair of steel and glass, it is starkly modern with respect to its neighboring buildings. Perhaps like the Eiffel Tower, originally widely hated, or the Centre Pompidou, a structurally-inverted museum also met with much initial criticism, the Triangle could become an icon within the city over time.
Despite being located at 1 Place de la Porte de Versailles, right on the edge of the central ring road surrounding the innermost part of the city (and arguably reinforcing a key nexus point), critics are concerned about the building overshadowing the surrounding urban landscape. The measure to approve its construction barely passed, after initially failing to garner sufficient votes last year.
Advocates are quick to point out that the building will create thousands of jobs both as it is constructed and once it is completed, as well as creating much-needed residential and office space in the city. For decades, the city limited new structures to around 100 feet, curbing development inside the city limits and forcing developers into suburban spaces. The popularity of this new tower may well be the determining factor in future downtown developments, either heralding the rise of additional towers or perhaps causing further decades of deferred construction depending on public reactions.
Earth is not heading toward a doomsday reversal of its magnetic field, new research assures.
The planet's magnetic field is about 10 percent wimpier today than when physicists began keeping tabs on it in the 1800s. In the geologic past, such weakening preceded geomagnetic reversals —swaps of the north and south magnetic poles. Such reversals temporarily make the planet more vulnerable to charged particles blasted off the sun that can disrupt power grids and disable satellites.
But that's not what's happening now, a new study suggests. While weakening, Earth's magnetic field is still strong by historical standards. Retracing the strength of Earth's magnetic field over the last 5 million years, geophysicists have discovered that the field has been much weaker in the past than previously thought. That means that the average strength of Earth's magnetic field over that longer time period is about
Last Saturday, I attended the Global Day of Code Retreat. I found out about the event in my Twitter stream, and when I signed up for the event, I did not have much of an idea of what it would be about, except code. With some research, I found that it would be a day of using Test Driven Development practices to improve on coding style and quality. Fair enough I thought, got myself a book on TDD (which I have always wanted to do more) and reserved my seat, which was free.
The event was hosted by immobilienscout24 and sponsored by Nokia. Sponsoring included catering, and as the day started at 8:00am, the availability of a breakfast was very welcome. The crowd consisted of some 30 hackers. An informal poll showed that most of them were either using Java or Ruby as their first language, a few were into JavaScript. One guy said that C++ was his primary language, and I was the only Common Lisp hacker.
The format of the all-day event consisted of six sessions of 45 minutes. In every session, people would form new pairs and implement parts of Conway's Game of Life using TDD practices. For each session, the pair chooses a specific challenge or goal to solve. At the end of the session, every pair deletes their code, discusses what they learned and then joins the group to share their thoughts.
The focus of the goals and challenges was on TDD practices. For about a half of the participants, TDD was already part of their daily work routine. The other half had heard of TDD, like myself, and joined to learn about it in the event. For me, this was one of the bigger takeways. I found it very helpful to pair with people that practice TDD in order to learn how they'd go about to write a test before they'd write an implementation. It seems that the TDD school favors a very small test granularity. As was explained by the organizer of the meeting, one would write very small tests that exercise very small aspects of the production code initially, and then build up on that.
In the six sessions, I used Java, JavaScript and Common Lisp. For Java, the organizers had come up with a skeleton project that included a unit testing environment (jUnit?). For JavaScript, I had prepared a simple browser based environment with QUnit, for Common Lisp I used Clozure CL and the simple unit-test library that I have used in the past.
Here are some observations:
The Java dudes travel with heavy baggage
IntelliJ was the most popular IDE among the Java folks that I've talked to. I am split between admiration and disgust when it comes to what seems common practice in the Java world. I'm used to writing code by thinking about what I want to write, then typing the stuff that I've thought about. With Java and IntelliJ, the process is more interactive with the IDE, i.e. the programmer types a few characters, the IDE displays some menu to choose from or automatically adds code and so on. This is nice when the IDE automatically recognizes, say, that you are using a name of a class that has not yet been defined or imported and then offers you to either import a package that defines a class of the name that you've typed, or to create a class skeleton (including all the boilerplate and ceremony that Java wants) for you.
While this appears to be convenient, it also does not always work. In both of my Java sessions, the IDE got confused in some way or another, which was not fatal, but still annoyed me. Also, the static nature of Java slowed us down. For one, even though Java does have all the nice data structures (we wanted to use a set of coordinates), we wasted a lot of the short session times converting data types and supplying boilerplate that allowed us to actually put coordinate objects into a set. Also, file based compilation took time - Not minutes, but seconds. I was assured that one would use libraries and code generators in production code and that desktop machines were faster in compiling, but I still can't really relate Java to Agile, in the sense of the word.
Also, the use of code generators in IntelliJ makes me wonder how one maintains such code. How can one actually distinguish between what was carefully crafted and what was pasted, from templates, by the IDE? In my eyes, this is like copy and paste programming with the copy step optimized into templates. I'm not the first to say that and it does not come as a surprise either, but it was an interesting experience for me nevertheless.
Pair programming is fun
Being a remote consultant, I rarely have the chance to interact over code with other programmers. This was something I found enjoyable to practice, even in languages and environments that I'm not familiar with. It is amazing how vastly different the approaches to implementing a relatively simple thing can be, and compared to code reviews - in particular if they're done by email - it is much easier to make suggestions in a constructive way. In that respect, writing code that is supposed to be deleted also helps to concentrate on the essence as no sense of code ownership is developed.
I found the pair programming experience significantly impacted by the fact that programmers use different coding environments. Working on an unfamiliar keyboard and with an unfamiliar IDE is a real productivity killer. I'd hope that in a team that pairs regularly, the work environments are more standardized than they have been on this event. I was using Emacs for my Lisp and JavaScript sessions, and my partners had a hard time getting along. What I found rather interesting was that the guys who wrote JavaScript in my Emacs always mimiced what their IDE would do for them. Rather then writing "if (foo) { doSomething()", they'd type "if (foo) {}", then navigate into the braces with the cursor to code along. This is kind of curious because it seems that the balancing of parentheses, brackets and braces is much more of a chore in other languages, to the point where people slow themselves down a lot if not aided by an IDE to the balancing for them. We Lispers, with only the parentheses to keep track of, have a much easier life, in particular with Emacs doing the indentation for us.
Is TDD the kool aid?
In some sense, I am sceptical about TDD. Testing is a great idea, and doing it in a disciplined fashion certainly helps writing better quality software. Also, automated tests are really the best way to prepare software for change. But, and this is where this Saturday could not convince me, I don't believe that spending time on writing very fine grained unit tests for every aspect of of a program helps to prepare it better for refactoring and change. I think that testing against external requirements is the real key to writing programs that can be changed facing changing requirements, and that it should be possible to relate every test to some requirement. I must admit that one Saturday of TDD does not give me sufficient experience to judge, though.
Common Lisp and TDD
Some of the TDD discipline probably owes to development cycle in statically compiled languages. Where we Common Lispers have a rather incremental style and do our testing interactively in the repl, developers in languages like Java or C++ write larger chunks of code before they plug it together to do something meaningful. Such environments give the developer less insight into the run-time behavior of a running system, and tests are a way to make sure that more of the interactions of the system components are actually exercised.
I am not claiming that an interactive development environment makes testing less useful. In such an environment, though, it is common to write and test a function in small, iterative cycles. Furthermore, through the use of a tracing facility, the dynamic bahavior of a system can be observed at any time, without the need to touch or recompile the code.
In any case, this was a very nice experience and I'll go to a Code Retreat again, if I can. For that, I'll probably prepare myself for Java tools better in order to get more out of pair programming.
On April 18, 1980, my friend Robert Platshorn was convicted for his role in a non-violent marijuana smuggling operation that brought Colombian marijuana up through Miami, Florida.
Two months prior, on February 21, 1980, 45-year-old Antonio Bascaró was placed in jail custody, awaiting his trial on charges relating to his involvement in a non-violent Cuban marijuana smuggling ring that helped bring in weed from Colombia to Florida.
On March 30, 1981, would-be assassin John Hinckley, Jr., fired a small handgun six times at President Ronald Reagan.
Antonio Bascaró was still sitting in a jail cell on that day. He was a Cuban exile, having flown for the Cuban Navy and was part of the CIA's failed Bay of Pigs invasion. He had no criminal history at all and there were no other drugs or any violence involved in his role in the smuggling.
On June 21, 1982, Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity by the jury in his trial. The defense had argued that Hinckley had narcissistic personality disorder and was pathologically obsessed with actress Jodie Foster and her role in the 1976 movie Taxi Driver, which they argued drove Hinckley to shoot Reagan. Due to his mental illness, Hinckley was never sent to prison, but instead committed to St. Elizabeth's Hospital, a mental institution.
Antonio Bascaró also went to trial in 1982. Then 47, he was found guilty of his first-time, non-violent marijuana offense and was sent to federal prison.
In 1994, 59-year-old Antonio Bascaró still sat in that prison when the convicted leader of that Cuban marijuana smuggling ring, Jose Luis Acosta, was set free. As Acosta told NBC News:
The reason, Acosta said, was that he cut deals with federal agents, offering them information on a number of other cases involving drug trafficking and police corruption, including one that targeted the jewelry store owner who introduced him to Bascaro. Prosecutors, in turn, persuaded judges to shorten his time in prison. He said he tried to get Bascaro to do the same, but his former partner refused. “I'm very sorry he's still in prison,” Acosta said. “He's been in too long. I tried to get him to cooperate. But he lost his opportunity to do something for himself to get out of there.”
In 1999, 64-year-old Antonio Bascaró still sat in that prison when St. Elizabeth's Hospital began allowing Hinckley to leave for supervised visits with his parents.
In 2005, 70-year-old Antonio Bascaró still sat in that prison when a federal judge ruled Hinckley could leave the hospital three or four days at a time to visit his parents, solely under their supervision.
In 2008, 73-year-old Antonio Bascaró still sat in that prison when my friend Bobby Platshorn, then the longest-serving non-violent marijuana prisoner in America, was released from prison at the age of 64 after serving 29 years.
This year, a federal judge declared that 61-year-old John Hinckley Jr. was no longer a threat to society and freed him to go live with his mother. Over the past decade, Hinckley had been spending up to 17 days per month free from the hospital.
This Feburary, 82-year-old Antonio Bascaró will mark his 37th year behind bars, sitting in his wheelchair, hoping to live long enough to see his scheduled release on June 8, 2019.
President Obama has made history by commuting the sentence of hundreds of drug criminals, more than the last eleven presidents combined. However, Antonio Bascaró's sentence has not been one of them, as his son explains in their Change.org petition:
Even though President Obama has given 944 commutations (clemency) so far, my father's was not one of them. To the contrary, he was given the news that his clemency has been officially DENIED. There is no mercy for the longest serving prisoner for a non-violent marijuana offense, an 82 year old grand father who has been in prison for 36 years. We are heartbroken and can't understand why. We were not given a reason.
Last month, NBC News reported on the case, explaining how Antonio Bascaró did everything he could to try to get released early, to no avail:
He amassed good-behavior credits and tried repeatedly to appeal the length of his sentence. He applied for compassionate release, due to his age, and was denied. That left clemency as his only option. He filed twice on his own, and this summer got volunteer assistance from a lawyer working for a program aimed at processing the massive number of applications to Obama's clemency initiative. That, too, failed.
Apparently, according to HIGH TIMES' Mike Adams, there is a statute of limitations when it comes to compassion for elderly, non-violent marijuana offenders:
Unfortunately, because Bascaró's case happened so many years ago, he does not qualify for the Bureau of Prisons “compassionate release” program, which allows prisoners who are at least 65 years old that have served 50 percent of their sentence the possibility for an early release. Essentially, Bascaró is forced to serve out the remainder of his prison term behind bars because he is not eligible for any of the sentencing reform implemented by the Obama administration over the past few years.
The Clemency Report explains further:
Antonio's Orwellian sentence includes such legal absurdities as: a non-parolable parolable sentence.
a sentence exempt from the Obama administration's efforts to shorten drug sentences … because he's been in prison too long.
a sentence that doesn't qualify for the U.S. Sentencing Commission recent reforms (shortening the drug sentences of 40,000 federal prisoners) because … his sentence is too old to be shortened.
an ineligibility to receive “compassionate release” for elderly prisoners … because the regulations were written in a way that didn't take into account the existence of a man so old and locked up for so long.
Any nation that could keep a disabled elderly man behind bars for a non-violent crime that's now legal in eight states and approved of by 60 percent of the public because “that's the law”, while treating with kid gloves a would-be presidential assassin because he's “insane”… well, I don't know if I can put it any better than Robert Platshorn did when he and Antonio Bascaró were first imprisoned:
Kotaku East East is your slice of Asian internet culture, bringing you the latest talking points from Japan, Korea, China and beyond. Tune in every morning from 4am to 8am.
Peaches have long been compared to backsides. Because, well, peaches look like tushes! And now, thanks to some fruit venders in China, they really look like butts. Sexy butts.
These peaches are apparently being sold to capitalize on the the upcoming romantic Qixi Festival. They're a novelty present! And should be taken as such. But, they aren't cheap: A box of nine panty fruit is 498 yuan or US$80.
The peaches are getting mainstream coverage in China. Online, some people have been delighted by the peaches, while as Sina explains, some think they are rather vulgar! They look kind of cheeky to me.
[Photo: 农业博士]
China News reports that these unusual peaches are called "Ripe Fruit" (蜜桃成熟時), a name evoking obvious sexual connotations. The panty peaches were first developed by a fruit vender in Nanjing, with each pair of underwear slipped on each sexy butt by hand. As SDChina reports, the peaches are from Yangshan, in Wuxi, an area that's also famous for its lingerie and garment industry.
Advertisement
[Photo: FenyiZX]
And how do these peaches taste? Well, The Wall Street Journal once called Wuxi peaches "the juiciest, most delicious peaches on earth," so they're probably pretty good!
Advertisement
[Photo: Mancy]
Other fruit venders in Shanghai and elsewhere have also apparently started selling sexy peaches. SDChina adds that this Nanjing fruit vender claims to have applied for a panty peach patent a month ago and is filing for infringement with the intellectual property bureau. Peach panty patents, who knew?
Advertisement
[Photo: Sjzhchb]
水果店老板推"内裤蜜桃"热传 无节操营销引争议(图) [China News]
小伙发明"穿内裤的水蜜桃" 网友大呼无节操(图) [SDChina]
Top photo: Eastday
To contact the author of this post, write to bashcraftATkotaku.com or find him on Twitter @Brian_Ashcraft.
Advertisement
BEIRUT (Reuters) - Syria has started moving chemical weapons materials out of the country in a crucial phase of an internationally backed disarmament program that has been delayed by war and technical problems.
People inspect a site hit by what activists said was an airstrike by forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad in the Duma neighbourhood of Damascus January 7, 2014. REUTERS/Bassam Khabieh
The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons said on Tuesday that “priority chemical materials” were transported to the port of Latakia and onto a Danish vessel which was now sailing towards international waters.
Syria agreed to abandon its chemical weapons by June under a deal proposed by Russia and agreed with the United States after an August 21 sarin gas attack that Western nations blamed on President Bashar al-Assad's forces. Damascus blames rebels for the attack.
War, bad weather, bureaucracy and technical issues meant a December 31 deadline for the removal of the most deadly toxins from Syria was missed.
The OPCW did not disclose what percentage of Syria's toxic arsenal — which totals 1,300 tons in all — had been removed but said nine containers of the most dangerous chemical materials were on the Danish cargo vessel.
“The vessel has been accompanied by naval escorts provided by Denmark and Norway, as well as the Syrian Arab Republic,” a statement said. “It will remain at sea awaiting the arrival of additional priority chemical materials at the port.”
Maritime security was being provided by Chinese, Danish, Norwegian and Russian ships.
Government forces have taken back control of the highway linking Damascus to the coast which is needed to transport the toxins. Rebel were ousted from three towns along the road but activists say convoys moving along it will remain vulnerable to rebel ambushes.
Washington welcomed the removal of chemical materials and said Assad's government appeared to be sticking to the deal.
“Much more needs to be done,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told a news briefing, adding: “We have no reason to believe that the regime has gone back on any aspect of their promise.”
REBEL INFIGHTING
On the battlefield, Syria's bloodiest bout of rebel infighting since the war started nearly three years ago prompted the head of an al Qaeda-linked rebel group to called for a ceasefire between opposition factions.
An audio recording from the leader of the powerful Nusra Front, known as Abu Mohammed al-Golani, laid much of the blame for the fighting on an al Qaeda splinter group known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL).
While both groups have roots in the global Islamist network and welcome foreign militants, the Nusra Front has cooperated more with other rebel groups and has largely avoided the power struggles that ISIL has faced since wresting control of many opposition-held areas from other groups.
“Many rebel units have committed transgressions, just as the mistaken policies followed by played a prominent role in fuelling the conflict,” Golani said.
Related Coverage Syrian opposition postpones vote on peace talks
ISIL has also been fighting in Iraq, where it faces an onslaught by army tanks and artillery around the city of Falluja, whose local leaders have urged the Qaeda-linked militants to leave before being attacked.
ISIL gunmen want to reconquer Iraq's Anbar province in pursuit of their goal of creating a radical Islamic state out of the chaos of neighboring Syria's civil war.
More than 274 people have been killed in the rebel-on-rebel clashes in Syria since they began on Friday, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition monitoring group.
LEGAL COUNCIL
Golani proposed forming an Islamic legal council to resolve feuds among the rebels and called for the militants to return to their shared goal of fighting Assad's forces, as the campaign to oust the Syrian leader nears the end of its third year.
It was not possible to verify the audio statement, but it was posted on a Twitter account used by the Nusra Front.
“This unfortunate situation has pushed us to launch an initiative to save the battlefields from being lost. This will be done by forming an independent legal council by all the (rebel) factions in addition to a ceasefire,” Golani said.
Rebel groups, many of them also hardline Islamists, last week launched what appeared to be a series of coordinated strikes against ISIL in northern and eastern Syria after months of increasing tensions with the group, which has alienated many Syrians in rebel-held regions.
In one northwestern region of Syria alone, other rebel groups appear to have killed 34 foreign fighters from ISIL, the Observatory said.
Fighting reignited between ISIL and other groups on Tuesday, the Observatory said. Fifteen died in the town of Rastan, north of the central city of Homs, and in Aleppo rebels took control of a police station where about 100 ISIL fighters had been based. The ISIL fighters surrendered themselves and their weapons to the Nusra Front, it said.
Golani urged rebels not to become divided between foreign and local fighters, arguing that all were needed to launch jihad, or holy war, in the country.
The campaign to topple Assad has degenerated into a civil war with several sectarian and ethnic struggles emerging, as well as the internecine fighting now plaguing the rebels.
Golani urged rebels to exchange prisoners and open roads to all opposition units.
TALKS DECISION DELAYED
Syria's Western-backed opposition in exile postponed until next week a decision on whether to attend talks with Assad's government aimed at ending the conflict, opposition members said on Tuesday.
Slideshow (6 Images)
The National Coalition is facing heavy pressure from Western powers to attend the January 22 talks in Switzerland, seen as the most serious effort yet to find a political solution to the civil war.
It has said it is ready to attend the talks in principle, but says they must lead to Assad's departure - a demand which Damascus has flatly rejected - and has repeatedly stalled on its final decision.
The latest delay came after at least a quarter of the coalition called for its newly re-elected president Ahmad al-Jarba to stand down at a meeting in Turkey and threatened to resign if their demand was not met, sources at the meeting said.
Ramadan has always been a time for me to make new resolutions and reflect on the past so that I can grow as a person and transition into the New Year… Hopefully this article will serve as a helpful treatise of advice for those of you who are looking for some traction in your early twenties. When I told Omar Usman that the title of this article is “What I Learned at 21,” he smirked and said, “You learned absolutely nothing.” I nodded my head and agreed, and hence below you will see how I simply compiled what I learned that I don't know. Enjoy!
1. You Don't Know Anything and You Are Inexperienced – Accept it.
Our egos do a pretty good job of making us front like we are on top of our game. We rave about our creative ideas and ability to think outside-the-box, but the reality is that most of our ideas and outside-the-box thinking is useless if we haven't worked a day in our lives. Bachelor's degrees will simply help you think along a certain wavelength and give you the chance to show others (including your employers) that you are serious about yourself and getting ahead. Learn to work a bunch of random jobs during college to learn skills needed for your profession. Simple things such as learning to talk to people at a help desk, helping someone feel accomplished through tutoring, or working as a waiter will possibly take you a long way. Sometimes we are our own deceivers.
2. Understand Your Priorities as a Muslim.
There are some things in life which are more important than others; it's a simple rule of thumb. When you can figure out what your priorities are and give them their due rights, life will begin to flow very naturally. If waking up in the morning has always proven difficult for you, understand that going to sleep early and praying Fajr on time in the morning takes priority over watching the season finale of Breaking Bad or Burn Notice. If you are at school the whole week and work at night time and get barely anytime with your family, be sure to set aside a generous amount of time on the weekend to spend time with your parents and siblings instead of spending the weekend at an Islamic weekend seminar. Your religion and family take priority over EVERYTHING else in your life.
3. Work Hard, Study Hard, Play Hard.
You better be REALLY good at whatever you want to do in life. Stop beating around the bush and give everything its due measure. When it is time to work, work. Work thoroughly through your tasks and leave no stone unturned. There is no substitute in life for natural hard work. Stop procrastinating with your studies if you are in college. Instead of hanging out in the MSA all week long and then cramming the night before for an exam, legitimately go study the material so you know it. Don't make excuses, rather, learn for the sake of learning; you will not regret it. Learn to take breaks and have a good time. Don't over play, but do it enough to get your head straight. Balance is key. Take vacations during the time you have off of school and go refresh yourself. Get away from all the stressful situations of your life and just go recuperate.. Know what you like to do for fun and go do it.
4. Only Fools Take People's Praise Seriously.
You will become negatively affected in your individual growth once you let the praise from other people settle into your heart. Taking things back to my first point, you will start your failure once you accept you are good to go. Not to mention there are many people out there who will simply praise you out of pity. If you are at that stage, then you better get your head straightened out and realize you have a whole life ahead of you before you get filled with a load of hot air. There is a difference between receiving a compliment, getting motivated after experiencing a low, and being taken for a ride by someone through their praises.
5. Success Starts with Financial Independence.
If you are not making your own halal money and working towards becoming independent of your parents then you are short from a path of success. Stop making excuses and intend to be free from being someone else's financial burden. You probably will not be able to pay for your own rent initially, but you should be paying for your own gas, food, and other essentials. Help out around the house if you can with bills. Eventually wean yourself away from using anyone else's money but your own. Again, the key is having the intention and working towards it; it's a work in progress.
(CNN) -- Four people, including a police officer and the suspected gunman, were shot Thursday near Justin, Texas, authorities said.
The suspect was pronounced dead on arrival at a local hospital, Jody Gonzalez, chief of emergency services for Denton County, Texas, told reporters. It was not immediately clear whether the suspect shot himself or was shot by the officer.
The officer was in stable condition, Gonzalez said, and he was alert and talking.
Authorities did not release the names of those involved. The suspect was a 29-year-old man, said Tom Reedy, spokesman for the Denton County Sheriff's Office.
The incident began at 8:43 a.m. (9:43 a.m. ET), when authorities received a call of a suicidal suspect, Gonzalez said. As the officer was responding, a second call came in reporting that two people had been shot.
As the officer arrived, he was "met with gunfire" in the front yard of the home, Gonzalez said. The officer was able to call in after being shot, Reedy said. The suicidal suspect is the suspected gunman.
"This is a one-family situation that we're dealing with," Gonzalez said. The suspect and the two initial victims were all family members, he said.
The initial two victims were flown to a hospital, while the suspect was taken to a hospital by ambulance and later pronounced dead.
The suspect was armed with a shotgun, Gonzalez said.
Justin is about 45 miles northwest of Dallas. Gonzalez said it is a small town, where "everybody knows who everybody is. It's a tight community. This will have a major effect."
CNN's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report.
I received four awesome books from my gifter! I love the feel/look/smell of crisp, clean, new books, and the excitement of new titles. I gave kind of a rambling, scattershot request for books (sorry!), so I was excited to see what someone would pick out for me. So, here we go!
Green Rider, Kristen Britain. This is exciting because it looks like a positively-reviewed series that I have never heard of. It's always exciting to have a new author/series to look forward to, and the summary looks great. The Turn of the Screw, Henry James. I mentioned I wanted to try some horror with less gore, and this book definitely fits. I remember reading it for a high school English class and loving it, so it'll be nice to have another crack at it. Leaves of Grass, Walt Whitman. I had also hoped for some poetry recommendations. My gifter said he/she doesn't read much poetry, but that this stuck with him/her. I've always been meaning to read this, and it's certainly a classic, so... yay! Darkbeast, Morgan Keyes. This author is also completely new to me, but I can definitely appreciate a good YA fantasy book and the plot description is also intriguing.
I normally get my fantasy books from recommendations by my fiance, so I'm pumped that I might be able to pass Green Rider or Darkbeast on to him as well. Thanks, doozer_12, for the fun variety and I will start diving in soon! My first book exchange and I'm definitely a fan.
P.S. I'm a huge fan of fraggle rock and love the username. Work your cares away!
Hank, Tiffany and Travis Whitsitt's 6-year-old Australian shepherd mix. (Photo: Courtesy of Tiffany Whitsitt)
Sixty days in the Wyoming wilderness had nothing on an Australian shepherd mix from Fort Collins.
Hank, Tiffany and Travis Whitsitt's 6-year-old rescue dog, went missing in late August when the Fort Collins couple took him for a quick trip up to French Creek Campground – about 60 miles west of Laramie – for Travis' 30th birthday.
After hearing a gunshot from a hunter, Tiffany Whitsitt said Hank went running, somehow getting through a fenced-in area and taking off into remote southern Wyoming.
The couple searched for him, and when he hadn't come back by the next day, they printed lost posters, spreading them throughout the area and even into Laramie, where they connected with the local humane society.
Since Travis Whitsitt has family in Wyoming, his wife also said they sent some family members back up to the French Creek area with articles of their clothing, hoping Hank would catch their scent and venture back to the campground or another populated area.
“We tried to stay hopeful, but there are a lot of coyotes and mountain lions (out there).. even bears,” Whitsitt said, adding that they'd had Hank – their only dog – for about a year and a half before he went missing.
IT'S HALLOWEEN TIME: 9 things to do this season
Their lost posters returned one result – a call from a hunter at the campground saying he thought he'd spotted Hank. It ended up being a false alarm.
About three weeks after his disappearance, Whitsitt said she and her husband came to terms with the fact that Hank wouldn't be coming home.
And, to quell some of the sadness, they ended up getting a new puppy, another Australian shepherd named Gus.
On Monday, Larimer Humane Society called about getting Hank's registration renewed. Whitsitt said that's when she officially had him declared dead.
But two days later, another call came through – this time from Home Again, the company that Hank was micro-chipped through. Someone had reportedly found him walking along a highway in Centennial, Wyoming, about an hour-long drive from French Creek.
Not wanting to get her hopes up, Whitsitt said she went into the situation cautiously.
“Maybe it's not Hank,” she said. “Maybe someone found the collar and put it on another dog.”
The man who found him ended up meeting the Whitsitts in Laramie.
And, “it was Hank,” she said, adding that she started crying as soon as she saw him.
“It's almost as if I was seeing a ghost,” Whitsitt said. “To think your dog is gone forever and all the sudden, here he is.”
COMMUNITY: NoCo family faces unknown as open-heart surgeries loom
Hank's veterinarian ran a few tests, gave him some medication for his stomach and he had some quality time with a groomer, but, considering his 60-day adventure, Whitsitt says he's in great shape.
It helped, she added, that Hank was a little overweight when he disappeared. He ended up losing around 20 pounds, and his veterinarian told Whitsitt that some of the test results show he must have been eating rabbits or rabbit poop.
So after about two months away, Hank is finally home in Fort Collins. And he's back to his normal routine, Whitsitt said. Only one thing is different: he has a little brother.
Hank with his new baby brother, Gus. (Photo: Courtesy of Tiffany Whitsitt)
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1S1wiEu
Canada's Blue Ant Media and BBC Worldwide North America have signed a deal to launch premium factual channel BBC Earth in the territory. The commercial-free channel, scheduled to debut on Jan. 24, will give Canadians exclusive access to BBC Earth's slate of natural world programming, including “The Hunt,” and the keenly anticipated “Planet Earth II,” narrated by David Attenborough.
The premiere of “Planet Earth II” will be broadcast on BBC Earth in Canada on Jan. 28, day-and-date with the U.S. premiere on BBC America. Blue Ant will release further programming information and scheduling details for the channel in early January. BBC Earth will be broadcast in Canada in HD and will replace Blue Ant's existing radX channel.
Ann Sarnoff, president of BBC Worldwide North America, told Variety the company had a strong history of commercial partnerships with Blue Ant's team, and in particular Michael MacMillan, Blue Ant's co-founder and CEO, and a former chairman and CEO of Alliance Atlantis Communications. MacMillan launched the first-ever BBC channel in Canada, BBC Canada, in 2000.
She explained that MacMillan and Raja Khanna, Blue Ant's CEO of television and digital, “had been interested in launching a channel with us, and we felt the BBC Earth brand would be a great thing to bring to the market in Canada because it is a genre that they're very interested in and very good at, and we know and like them as partners, so it is a very natural fit.”
Khanna said that Blue Ant has other channels in the factual space. “We feel this is a perfect complement to those, because Canadians do have a great appetite for high-quality specialty programming,” he said.
Khanna added the BBC brand was “very strong” in Canada, and underscored the strong cultural connections between Canada and the U.K. — the face of the British monarch, Elizabeth II, even appears on some Canadian banknotes. “We are culturally caught between the two worlds of the influence of our southern border, but also our Commonwealth history, so Canada feels a great deal of affinity toward, not just the BBC, but the British editorial sentiment as well,” he said.
Sarnoff said: “We've always felt that we've had a disproportionate demand from Canadian consumers for our content.”
She said that the timing was perfect to launch the channel as they had “Planet Earth II” as its flagship. The show is enjoying a stellar run in the U.K., where it has regularly attracted more than 10 million viewers and around a 40% share. “It has such a brand credibility and legacy with ‘Planet Earth I,' and it is doing even better than that, which is incredible.” The original show is the best performing natural history series in Canada on DVD to date, Sarnoff said. “We know our premier natural history landmark shows perform very well in Canada.”
Khanna added: “There is a lot of anticipation in Canada for this program, from everyone — my parents, my friends, all our co-workers — Canada is eager and hungry for this content. From a personal point, I just can't wait as this content is of such fantastic quality.”
twitter.com/JustinTrudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau met the Toronto Zoo's two new baby pandas, Jia Panpan and Jia Yueyue, on Monday.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau melted all of our hearts on Monday when he stopped by the Toronto Zoo to greet his new furry friends: two giant panda cubs who were born last October.
The cubs are the first giant pandas to be born in Canada.
Trudeau helped reveal their names -- Jia Panpan and Jia Yueyue -- which mean "Canadian hope" and "Canadian joy," respectively, the Toronto Zoo tweeted. Members of the public voted on the names from a list of seven different pairs.
Today I had the pleasure to unveil the names of @TheTorontoZoo's panda cubs! Say hello to Jia Panpan & Jia Yueyue: pic.twitter.com/iFCAlID7bc — Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) March 7, 2016
Trudeau even got a chance to snuggle with the cubs, reportedly joking that his children would be jealous.
Monday also marked the pandas' first public appearance since their birth. Visitors to the zoo will have the opportunity to see the cubs this weekend, according to the Toronto Star.
The Indian military is mobilising nearly 100 tanks near its border with China as part of the latest measures to beef up its presence in the region. The deployment of the T-72 tanks in the remote mountainous region is directly aimed at challenging what it sees as Beijing's aggressive stance in the border area. The tanks have been deployed after the Indian forces made some significant improvement in their operations.
"What we have done is that we have procured special additives and lubricants for high-altitude terrain such as winter-grade diesel and additives for the lubrication system, which prevents it from freezing in the tank," Colonel Vijay Dalal, commanding officer of one of the tank regiments, was quoted as saying by The Hindu. Altitude in the area can rise as high as 14,000 feet in eastern Ladakh.
This is the third regiment deployed by the Indian army, forming a full brigade. Two previous deployments took place in 2014 and 2015. The regiments – named Tipu Sultan, Maharana Pratap and Aurangazeb – will be positioned in the eastern Ladakh region, where temperaturescould plunge to -45 degree during winter.
To make the Russian-made tanks function smoothly at the barren heights and harsh weather conditions, they were even kept running during the nights.
"The vast flat valleys along the mountain ranges allow for armoured movement; besides, there has been an increase in the force levels across the border," an unnamed military official told NDTV.
Tanks were airdropped during the 1962 war between India and China, but they were swiftly withdrawn after the vehicles could not withstand the rarefied atmosphere. India suffered a comprehensive defeat in the war.
Beijing has been ramping up its infrastructure and military presence in the border region for the past few years, making it a cause of concern for the government in New Delhi.
EXCLUSIVE: Gary Holt has sealed a deal this afternoon to return to his former club Norwich City.
The Falkirk Herald broke the news earlier today that contact had been made between the clubs, and that the Bairns boss could be set to renew his partnership with Neil Adams.
The duo previously worked as youth coaches at Norwich, but Adams recently took control of the Carrow Road first team on a permanent basis following Chris Hughton's sacking.
Holt led Falkirk to within a whisker of promotion to the SPFL Premiership this season but always spoke fondly of his time in East Anglia.
The former Scotland midfielder travelled to Norwich today and is expected to be unveiled as part of the City coaching staff later.
Falkirk chairman Martin Ritchie will now be forced into quick action to find a replacement Bairns boss with just four weeks until the start of pre-season training.
The Obama administration's new rules aimed at cutting harmful emissions from natural gas wells are a win for the environment, for the public and for industry. And despite what Republican politicians claim, the rules will not impose major new costs or slow what has been a remarkable boom in natural gas production.
The rules, announced on Wednesday by the Environmental Protection Agency, are the first federal effort to address air pollution problems associated with hydraulic fracturing. They will require drillers to capture toxic and smog-forming pollutants, along with methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, before they escape into the air.
James Inhofe of Oklahoma, the top Republican on the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee, immediately denounced the rules as one more administration effort to regulate gas production “out of existence.” This followed Mitt Romney's absurd charge that President Obama was determined to use environmental regulations to “slow down the development of our own resources.” The new rules would do nothing of the sort; even the American Petroleum Institute said it could live with them.
Roughly 13,000 wells are “fractured” each year. The rules would require drillers to undertake so-called green completions, in which gases emerging at the wellhead are captured and stored in trailer-mounted tanks and routed back into pipelines. Colorado and Wyoming already require green completions. And several major producers are making money by recapturing gas and reselling it, which more than offsets the costs of the new equipment.
Mr. Obama has repeatedly said that he favors robust exploration for natural gas, in part because it is plentiful and cheap and in part because it produces only about half the greenhouse gas emissions that coal does. Coal produces nearly half the country's electricity. But natural gas's share, now a little over one-fifth, is rising as more supplies are found and prices drop.
There are still legitimate concerns about hydrofracturing's potential impact on water supplies — an E.P.A. study is due next year. But the rules should ease concerns about the process's effect on air pollution and global warming. Far from presenting new obstacles to drilling, the rules could win supporters for hydrofracturing.
Trumpism is not the same as populism or the New Right. . . It is what happens when no one trusts anyone any more.
The Washington Free Beacon's Matthew Continetti argues at length in an essay published Friday that populism has displaced conservatism in the Republican Party, creating a crisis for the conservative intellectual class and representing a triumph for the “New Right”. He opens with a description of the debate over the Panama Canal between Ronald Reagan and William F. Buckley and their respective supporters, which you can watch here:
Within seconds you will be struck at the level of discourse between the future president and his interlocutors. The repartee is spirited, intelligent, respectful, detailed, and humorous. It is hard to imagine a similar intra-conservative dialogue being held today. And yet, at some level, a replay of the controversy over the Panama Canal Treaty is exactly what the American right has been experiencing over the last 16 months. The conservative movement is divided over the question of Donald Trump, over his suitability for office, over the issues of nationalism, illegal immigration, criminality, corruption, and elitism he has raised in his campaign. The terms of and parties to this dispute are remarkably similar to those in the debate at Duke University almost 40 years ago. In some cases they are the very same people. The antagonism between the populism of Buchanan and the conservatism of National Review is remarkably persistent. What makes that episode of Firing Line significant in retrospect is how it threw into high relief the differences between Buckley and the so-called New Right. Since founding National Review in 1955, Buckley and his colleagues had been the spokesmen of an intellectual and philosophical critique of democratic mass society as well as the domestic and foreign policies of American liberalism. Beginning with the Republican nomination of Barry Goldwater (whom Buckley supported) in 1964, however, and accelerating in the tumultuous 1970s, the National Review crowd found itself challenged by a group of activists, journalists, and politicians whose criticism of the elite was populist, vehement, bipartisan, and anti-corporate. The question of how these anti-Establishment newcomers from the south and West fit into the conservative movement and the Republican Party, the question of where to strike the balance between populism and conservatism, has bedeviled conservative intellectuals and pro-business GOP officials ever since.
This is an interesting description of that debate (which, by way of minor correction, took place not at Duke University but at the University of South Carolina in the Longstreet Theatre). I was particularly jarred by the use of “respectful” as representing Buckley's demeanor. Even if you agree with Buckley's arguments, he comes across to me as condescending, arrogant, and dismissive of the other side in a way that undermines his own points. This debate reveals the Achilles' heel of Buckley's perception of the world. And for those of us who've debated within the context of 2016, this attitude toward Reagan's populist argument – “We built it, we paid for it, it's ours, and we are going to keep it” – is recognizable.
The whole of Continetti's essay is worth reading, but he closes with this:
The triumph of populism has left conservatism marooned, confused, uncertain, depressed, anxious, searching for a tradition, for a program, for viability. We might have to return to the beginning to understand where we have ended up. We might have to reject adversarianism, to accept the welfare state as an objective fact, to rehabilitate Burnham's vision of a conservative-tinged Establishment capable of permeating the managerial society and gradually directing it in a prudential, reflective, virtuous manner respectful of both freedom and tradition. This is the challenge of the moment. This is the crisis of the conservative intellectual. What makes that crisis acute is the knowledge that he and his predecessors may have helped to bring it on themselves.
Already others are hailing Continetti's piece – Michael Gerson praises it at length here. It certainly has many good and accurate points. But it also seems to contain an overall mistake – that is, a need to place Trumpism within an evolutionary continuum on the right. It is not a progression nearly as much as it is a regression, disjointed as you ought to expect from a movement elevated by prior non-voters and alienated ex-Democrats, who used to cling to their Bible and their guns and now find those to be little solace.
Continetti begins his historical survey in the 1960s, but he doesn't go back far enough. The conservative intellectual life of Trumpism is more accurately captured by Lionel Trilling from 1950:
In the United States at this time Liberalism is not only the dominant but even the sole intellectual tradition. For it is the plain fact that nowadays there are no conservative or reactionary ideas in general circulation. This does not mean, of course, that there is no impulse to conservatism or to reaction. Such impulses are certainly very strong, perhaps even stronger than most of us know. But the conservative impulse and the reactionary impulse do not, with some isolated and some ecclesiastical exceptions, express themselves in ideas but only in action or in irritable mental gestures which seek to resemble ideas.
This strikes me as a more accurate description of Trumpism, a description of the right pre-Buckley and pre-Reagan. Its particular form is not a direct consequence of the failure of conservative intellectuals, nor even of the conservative movement. Those failures exist and are manifest, of course, but in seeking root causes we shouldn't fall into that trap, because this is about something much bigger.
From Reagan through George W. Bush, conservatives largely agreed on the traditional three-legged stool of the fusionist GOP: national defense, limited government, family values. All of that blew up in the aftermath of the Bush years. Conservative intellectuals perceive what's happening now as a crisis because the political universe has changed so dramatically thanks to Iraq, the Wall Street meltdown, and the lackluster growth that's followed. But a good part of that crisis mentality could be due to the fact that they still haven't come to grips with how much the Bush presidency damaged perceptions of conservatism, even among Republicans, and made the old frame of fusionism impossible.
Many Americans today are very angry about 1) lost jobs, lost wars, lost money, broken families, broken neighborhoods, broken government, thought and speech policing, and 2) what they view as an aristocratic class who rigs the system and doesn't care about any of these issues, and thinks people who do care are dumb. Trump won because he pretended to respect the people who care about 1), and framed those who opposed him as being part of 2). His aggressive tone made up for years of supporting all sorts of policies the old fusionist frame never would have allowed. And he's still doing that even now.
Ask yourself why so many of Trump's voters, even the middle class ones, are willing to listen when he says even something as big as a presidential election can be rigged against them. All this is happening because American society is in collapse, and no one trusts institutions or one another. It is due to the failure of government institutions, largely stood up by the progressive left, to live up to their promises of offering real economic security and education and the promise of a better life. It is due to the failure of corporate institutions, who have warped America's capitalist system to benefit themselves at the expense of others. It is due to the failure of cultural institutions, like the church and community organizations, to help the people make sense of an anxious age.
The point is that while conservative intellectuals have their problems, this is much bigger than anything having to do with conservative intellectuals. The aims of conservatives, whether they are the “populist” or “intellectual” sort (an unsatisfying frame, given that Reagan was both), depends on a certain level of societal flourishing. As Yuval Levin writes in The Fractured Republic:
Our highly individualist, liberationist idea of liberty is possible only because we presuppose the existence of a human being and citizen capable of handling a remarkably high degree of freedom and responsibility. We do not often enough reflect on how extraordinary it is that our society contains such people.
There is a reason progressives spent half a century slowly eroding society's pillars to the point where the people produced by our families, communities and schools no longer desire this, a point at which a reversion to this form of reactionary nationalism is possible. Trumpism is not the same as populism or the New Right, and it speaks to something much worse than an intellectual crisis. It is what happens when no one trusts anyone any more.
Barring last-minute resurrections before 6 p.m. Friday, several hot issues before the Missouri General Assembly this session is stone cold and legislatively buried.
After several days of vigorous debates and votes this week, leaders of the state House and Senate have had to make tough choices on which issues they have time to handle before adjournment -- and which ones they must jettison until next year.
Here are the most likely casualties:
Medical malpractice legislation to restore lawsuit limits ousted a few years ago by the courts;
Expansion of the state's Medicaid program, as sought under the federal Affordable Care Act.
Restrictions on red-light cameras;
Ethics legislation to restrict lobbyists' gifts to lawmakers, curb the “revolving door” that allows former legislators to become lobbyists immediately or restore campaign-donation limits.
“Right to work” and other measures to diminish union rights, such as eliminating pay-check deduction of union dues;
State tax credits, an annual target of Gov. Jay Nixon and allied Republicans who want to reduce their use;
“Conscience'' legislation to allow medical personnel to decline to provide medical services or procedures they oppose on moral or ethical grounds;
The nullification of most federal gun laws, which has gotten caught up in a House-Senate dispute over whether federal law enforcement personnel in the state should face penalties for enforcing laws deemed by gun enthusiasts to be anti-Second Amendment.
An alleged “loophole'' that threatens the state's involvement in the multi-state settlement with major tobacco companies, which adds at least $70 million annually to the state's coffers.
Regulations on the use of all-terrain vehicles on state-owned property, such as waterways. The proposals got caught up in an amendment aimed at requiring the electric-vehicle manufacturer, Tesla Motors, to open dealerships instead of selling directly to the public.
The presumed legislative “deaths'' of these issues was a key reason the number of lobbyists roaming the Capitol's halls plummeted Thursday.
And most of those remaining, who camped at their usual spots on the third floor between the House and Senate chambers, said they were sticking it out “just in case'' an issue that a client favored or loathed somehow came back to life.
"We're bird-dogging a lot of different things,'' said Kerry Messer, a lobbyist for several social-conservative and pro-gun groups.
Lobbyist John C. "Woody" Cozad, former chairman of the Missouri Republican Party, said the usual method of resurrection involves amendments. "If you've got a piece of legislation that couldn't make it through the process, now you're trying to tack it onto another bill that seems to have a chance," Cozad said.
And that can happen. State Rep. Chris Kelly, D-Columbia, showed up in the House press gallery Thursday afternoon to announce that he planned "one last battle'' before Friday's 6 p.m. adjournment. He hopes to resurrect his effort to force insurance companies in the state to cover treatment of eating disorders, which are a health issue for some young women and girls.
Kelly plans to do so by tacking the coverage on as an amendment to another healthcare bill expected to hit the House floor before it shuts down.
Musicians go hard. And while every artist and band puts it all out on stage for the world to see, the Vans Warped Tour in particular often features a lineup of bands whose members truly give it their all, for as long as three months, day after day.
In an effort to document just how exhausting just one of these performances can be, live performance photographer, Brandon Andersen, decided to do something a little different than usual and capture a collection of before-and-after performance images of musicians whose bands were in this year's Vans Warped Tour lineup.
The concept was fairly straightforward. Snap a photo before the musician went on stage, then snap a photo as they left the stage. Equally simple was the setup. Andersen used a backdrop attached to a fence, his 5DMIII and the ever-sharp 24–70mm f/2.8 L II.
The resulting images are as humorous at times as they are interesting, showing the amount of sweat, wear and tear just one of what is usually a couple dozen performances can take on an artist.
Below are a number of shots Andersen was kind enough to share with us.
Be sure to give Andersen a follow on both Twitter and Instagram to keep up with his coverage of Vans Warped Tour and more.
Image credits: Photographs by Brandon Andersen and used with permission
By Stephen Lendman
On April 4, 1967 (exactly one year to the day before his state-sponsored assassination), Martin Luther King called America “the greatest purveyor of violence in the world today” - in his Beyond Vietnam speech delivered at New York's Riverside Church.
America is “on the wrong side of a world revolution,” he said. It allies with “landed gentry (against) shirtless and barefoot people.”
“(C)apitalists of the West invest huge sums of money in Asia, Africa and South America, only to take the profits out with no concern for the social betterment of the countries.”
He accused Congress of authorizing “military funds with alacrity and generosity (while providing) poverty funds with miserliness.”
His voice is sorely missed today. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey echoed some of his thoughts accusing Washington of “impos(ing) (its) will upon others by force.”
Interviewed on Singapore's Channel News Asia, he called the Islamic State a product of the Middle East and North African violence and chaos.
He accused Washington and its allies of “promot(ing) their own view of the world and promot(ing) their vision of how all countries must live, including through using military force, including through changing legitimate governments - all this brought to life so many uncertainties and gave rise to people who want to use terrorist means to achieve their goals.”
“They think that if somebody is allowed to use force, why don't we follow the same example and promote our ideas. That's how ISIL announced its goal to create the caliphate from Spain to Pakistan on huge territories.”
“Whenever you start expanding your ideology not by persuasion but by force, you create so many risks and so many dangers - be it the promotion of communism like the Soviet Union used to do, be it the promotion of democracy in spite of all the cultural differences and ignoring the traditions and values of the people whom you want to ‘make happy', or be it terrorist ideas of the caliphate.”
Lavrov expressed concern about America's “very huge military buildup in Asia, including under the (phony) pretext of countering the North Korean threat but the scale of the buildup is way beyond the need and disproportionately huge” because China and Russia are the real targets.
He took dead aim at Washington's deplorable foreign policy, a hegemonic agenda threatening world peace. Its so-called European and Asian missile defense is for offense.
Renouncing the important ABM treaty was hugely destabilizing. “It triggers buildup and brings us back to the mutually assured destruction logic as it relates to strategic stability,” Lavrov stressed.
Russia wants peace, not war. It deplores an arm race. Straightaway in office, Obama “publicly said that if the Iranian nuclear issue is resolved, there would be no need for missile defense in Europe.” Lavrov saying “it seems that he was not telling the truth," is a diplomatic way of calling him a liar.
Separately, he commented on repeated Kiev violations of Minsk ceasefire terms, including failure to dialogue responsibly with Donbass officials.
Virtually everything it agreed to was breached. Junta initiated violence continues - multiple incidents daily.
Former Ukrainian Prime Minister Nikolay Azarov formed a Committee for the Salvation of Ukraine to regain power through snap elections, end war on Donbass and replace illegitimate US-installed fascist rule democratically.
At a Monday Moscow press conference, he asked “all citizens, political parties, labor unions and social movements to unite and restore order in our home by joint efforts.”
He stopped short of naming other committee members because many “live and work in Ukraine, and (revealing their opposition to rogue state government) is very dangerous.”
In time, they'll be introduced to the Ukrainian people and the world. “I can assure you that they are patriots who have no ties with current authorities or former” ones, Azarov explained.
Washington replaced democratically elected governance with illegitimate Nazi-infested fascist rule. Conditions are deplorable politically, economically and socially. Police state repression targets dissenters.
Azarov said when he resigned as prime minister, he “hoped (for) a government of national unity, which would include representatives of various political forces and would focus on the key issue - the restoration of stability and peace in our country.”
He stepped down “on the condition (things) would stabilize and the disarmament of all illegal militias and armed groups, which prevented restoration of peace and stability in the country, would take place. Time has shown that this decision of mine and the decisions of the country's leadership at the time had serious flaws and serious mistakes.”
He couldn't imagine coup d'etat authorities would wage war on their own people, institute police state repression, create overall chaos and wreck Ukraine's economy.
It's now he supports ballot box regime change - to let responsible officials replace rogue coup d'etat ones. “The Salvation Committee thinks it is impossible to restore accord without changing the political leadership,” Azarov stressed.
Committee members called for Poroshenko and Yatsenyuk to resign. They urged Ukrainians to demand snap presidential and parliamentary elections. A Committee statement said:
“This criminal regime is bankrupt and is obliged to leave, they forcibly seized power, illegally dispersed the 7th Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada. The country is in dire need of reforms. With your support the Committee is prepared to take responsibility for the future of the state.”
Azarov said ruling regime authorities enjoy 20% public support at most. The vast majority of Ukrainians want them replaced.
The regime is “slavish,” he added. It's a Western controlled puppet state with no legitimacy. Its authorities exploit Ukrainians for their own self-interest. Sooner or later it has to go.
Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Moscow has nothing to do with the Committee's efforts. If it gains traction, Washington and Kiev for sure will blame Putin.
Airbus has signed an agreement with Singapore-based ST Aerospace to offer passenger-to-freighter (P2F) conversion solutions for its A320 / A321 aircraft. The agreement was signed today at the Paris Air Show in Le Bourget by Harald Wilhelm, Chief Financial Officer of Airbus Group and Airbus, Serh Ghee Lim, President of ST Aerospace, Andreas Sperl, CEO of EFW and Tom Williams, Airbus Chief Operating Officer.Airbus foresees a significant market demand of more than 600 aircraft over the next 20 years for P2F aircraft conversions in the small freighter segment. The A320P2F, with eleven main-deck container positions, will be capable of carrying 21 metric tonnes of payload over 2,100nm, while the A321P2F with 14 main-deck positions will be able to carry up to 27 tonnes over 1,900nm. The first converted A321P2F will be delivered in 2018.The A320/A321 P2F converted aircraft will be marketed and managed by Elbe Flugzeugwerke (EFW). Airbus currently holds a majority stake at the Dresden-based freighter conversion specialist together with its partner and co-owner, ST Aerospace. In order to implement the new business line for A320 / A321 P2F aircraft, ST Aerospace will provide its specially developed conversion technology and will obtain another 20 percent of EFW's shares, thus increasing its stake in EFW to 55 percent. Subsequently, Airbus Group will become a minority partner in EFW, reducing its shareholding to 45 percent.Harald Wilhelm, Airbus Group Chief Financial Officer said: “This freighter conversion agreement is a great new step for our highly successful A320 family programme, boosting the longevity of the aircraft and enhancing value for aircraft owners and investors.” He added: “It will also provide new business opportunities to EFW with ST Aerospace being the ideal partner for this initiative, given its strong engineering development capabilities on our existing cooperation for A330 conversions.”Serh Ghee Lim, President of ST Aerospace said: "As a centre of excellence for freighter conversions with strong engineering capabilities across multiple aircraft platforms, ST Aerospace is pleased to include this new collaboration which will extend our conversion portfolio and enhance our value-added proposition to customers worldwide." He continued: "The A320P2F and the A321P2F will be excellent workhorses which would offer aircraft operators great value and efficiency."Tom Williams, Airbus Chief Operating Officer said: “The A320/A321 P2F is the only Airbus-supported A320 Family freighter conversion programme, and as such will take full benefit of our inherent design knowledge of the aircraft, our engineering know-how, as well as the extensive operational experience from the thousands of Airbus single-aisle aircraft in service today.” He added: “We are therefore confident this will be the best solution for freight operators and we're pleased to collaborate with EFW and ST Aerospace to make this happen.”The management team in Dresden will continue to be headed by President and CEO Andreas Sperl and will ensure sustainable growth of the Airbus P2F freighter family while strengthening EFW´s position as a global Airbus conversions supplier. In addition, the operation will secure value-adding jobs in the Dresden region.Together with the larger A330F and A330P2F, the A320P2F and A321P2F will further complement the Airbus Freighter Family concept. Airlines will thus benefit from the flight-crew and operational commonality through Cross-Crew-Qualification and Mixed-Fleet-Flying across their Airbus freighter and passenger operations, leveraging on same cockpit and systems philosophies.ST Aerospace is the aerospace arm of ST Engineering, with a revenue of $2.07b in FY2014. Operating a global MRO network with facilities and affiliates in the Americas, Asia Pacific and Europe, it is the world's largest commercial airframe MRO provider with a global customer base that includes leading airlines, airfreight and military operators. ST Aerospace is an integrated service provider that offers a spectrum of maintenance and engineering services that include airframe, engine and component maintenance, repair and overhaul; engineering design and technical services; and aviation materials and asset management services, including Total Aviation Support. ST Aerospace has a global staff strength of around 8,000 employees worldwide. Please visit www.staero.aero EFW combines various aviation and technology activities under a single roof: development and manufacturing of flat fibre-reinforced composite components for structures and interiors of the entire Airbus family, the conversion of passenger aircraft into freighter configuration, maintenance and repair of Airbus aircraft as well as engineering services in the context of certification and approval. As the Centre of Excellence Freighter, EFW pushes the further development of the Airbus freighter family. The company has a workforce of more than 1,100 employees and achieved in 2013 revenues of more than € 208 million.
I was politely minding my own business on Twitter this weekend, yelling at people who had different political opinions than mine, when I saw that a new brouhaha involving transgender people had occurred.
What the hell did Caitlyn do this time? I thought and attempted to decipher where one hashtag ended and another began. Seriously, people, keep it to two. Anything more than two hashtags and you're fishing for that sweet, sweet Twitter fame. Actually, it turns out it was Jamie Clayton, the actress from Sense8, who was in the drama this time. Apparently Jamie, along with a lot of the LGBT community, was a bit upset that Matt Bomer — the gay actor who starred in a watchable version of male Striptease and the show White Collar — had just been cast to play a transgender sex worker in the upcoming movie Anything. How a guy whose gimmick is being a stubble-faced sex god with 2 percent body fat got cast as a transgender woman is a bit perplexing. The drama escalated quickly, of course.
Jamie Clayton apparently got blocked and then unblocked on Twitter by Bomer; others pointed out Bomer's complaints about not getting work because he's gay as hypocritical, and people called it Oscar-baiting. People went after Mark Ruffalo — the movie's executive producer — for paying lip service to the trans community and then casting a cisgender man in a transgender role. One group that advocates for transgender representation then leaked what appeared to be first draft copies of the script online with some selected excerpts that weren't very good. Now there's even a Change.org petition to scrub the movie!
And to think I was busy with stale old political drama on Twitter.
This happens every time another movie or TV show with a trans character gets made; a bunch of cisgender people try to say, "It's a sympathetic portrayal of a trans woman's life as a drug-addicted sex worker who has to overcome society's prejudices. It's a powerful portrayal, a strong portrayal, and it's definitely going to win the actor an Oscar." They always say that unknown transgender actors can't win them Oscars or carry a movie, because Hollywood hates unknown actors in big roles like Al Pacino (Godfather), John Boyega (Star Wars), Edward Norton (Primal Fear), Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill), Lupita Nyong'o (12 Years a Slave) — oh, you get the point. It's Oscar bait, it's always Oscar bait. They're not making art, they're giving actors a chance to ask for more money in their next film.
What's so much worse is that these stories are always terrible, when you ask transgender people. It's bad that you can make a drinking game out of these films. If you drink for every scene where there's makeup being put on in a mirror, an emotional breakdown, gratuitous penis exposure, skirts and heels when they're just sitting around the house, or being baby-crazy, you'd be blackout drunk after an hour. If the character is a sex worker, they have to shoot heroin, because usually the character is a drug addict too. That's how you can tell the difference between a film made by cisgender people about transgender people and a film made by transgender people about transgender people — by how emotionally dysfunctional the trans character is. The more sad, pathetic, and broken the character, the more likely it's a dude playing trans — and bucking for artistic street cred. If you were writing stories this stereotypical and bad about racial minorities, the last thing you would have to worry about would be an angry hashtag like #OscarsSoWhite.
It's exploitation. Here, today, I coin a new term for this stuff: transploitation. Actually, let's bring the whole community in: queerspolitation. Every film with a camp gay played by a butch actor, every super girly actress suddenly going butch, and every bodybuilder in a skirt is just a way to exploit gay people. Our lives, experiences, suffering, triumphs, and joys are great stories of the human experience; they're stories that must be told. It's just that we have to wait until someone who already has a career in Hollywood gets to “stretch their artistic wings” and thank everyone but the community they just walked over for the award they just won. We get it. We make for great stories; we just don't get to tell them ourselves.
If you're going to insist on making movies about trans people using cisgender actors trying to portray what you think is the way trans people live, we can't stop you, but for the love of all that is holy, quit being so bad at it.
AMANDA KERRI is a writer and comedian living in Oklahoma City. Follow her on Twitter @EternalKerri.
More sickening evidence of the "success" of rampant muslim immigration and multiculturalism in Great Britain - knife crime and murders are becoming commonplace - causing Great Britain to now be considered one of the "knife crime capitals" of the developed world. Also alarming is the expose' that the numbers of knife crimes committed in Britain are far greater than government statistics.
Somalian immigrants, coming into the UK, are also importing terrorism as per this recent article.
Read about the latest DIEversity:
Boy, 16, arrested in gangland killing as friends of second knife victim warn of 'race war' between Somalis and Afghans
By Charlotte Gill and Matt Sandy
Last updated at 11:07 AM on 21st February 2009
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in connection with the murder of a teenager who was one of two knifed to death in London, police said today.
Michael Wright was found with fatal stab wounds outside a train station in an apparent gang killing on Thursday.
The Metropolitan Police said a 16-year-old suspect was in custody at an east London police station.
The forced added that a woman in her 30s had also been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender and was in custody.
Tributes: Friends of murdered teen Michael Wright gather at the scene yesterday
The 17-year-old was one of two teenagers who were stabbed to death within hours of each other in a night of bloodshed on London's streets.
Michael was attacked in Leytonstone Road, opposite Maryland rail station in east London, at about 10.30pm. He died at the Royal London Hospital shortly after being found.
Knifed: Michael Wright
His friends, many hiding their faces with scarves or hoods, gathered at the scene yesterday to lay flowers and pay their respects as a large number of police looked on.
Bleir Xhana, 26, who runs a bar yard from where the incident happened, said: 'A customer walked in and said they saw a black guy just lying there on the zebra crossing near the station.
'I didn't know what had happened to the boy but I was horrified and afraid.
'To be honest it is quite dangerous round here.'
The dead man's brother also visited the scene yesterday to lay flowers.
He said: 'I have no idea why it happened or why he was stabbed - no one was after him.
'He was a very popular nice lad and we were tight. I'm proud of my brother and I am just gutted.'
The attack on Michael Wright came just three hours after 19-year-old Kul Hawalied was stabbed to death in a separate incident in Wealdstone, north-west London.
The university student was knifed in the chest by a group of thugs in a suspected gang war between Somlais and Afghanis.
Mr Hawalied, from north-west London, was treated by paramedics but was pronounced dead at the scene. Another teenager was also injured.
Student Hassan Kul Hawadleh was stabbed to death outside a petrol station
The earlier killing happened at 7.30pm as Mr Hawadleh and an 18-year-old friend stopped at a service station in Wealdstone, north west London.
As the pair, who are both Somali, got out of their car, four or five youths on the other side of the road saw them and came over to confront them.
They knifed Mr Hawadleh and his companion before fleeing on foot.
Mr Hawadleh died at the scene while his friend is in a stable condition in hospital.
A friend of the two men, Abdul Hassan, 22, said that the pair were attacked in a race gang war by Afghanis.
He said: 'I'm sure the guys who killed Hassan didn't know him, they are just targeting any Somalis.
'There was a stabbing on Wednesday, and then yesterday afternoon two of my other friends got ran up to by a gang of guys in bandanas.
'They are all Afghan or black and they are targeting Somalis.
'Hassan was not involved in anything like this, there is no reason he would be targeted. Everyone loved the guy.'
Mr Hawadleh moved to the UK with his family when he was one year old and was studying media at the University of East London.
He was one of eight siblings. His sister Ubed said: 'We don't know why he got stabbed, I don't know why anyone would want to hurt him.
Police said Mr Hawadleh was attacked by up to eight men as he refilled his car
'We have a real problem in society today - stabbing has just become the norm - it has replaced fist fighting. People's lives are no longer valued.
'Hassan was not the sort of person to get involved in any fighting. He wasn't the sort of boy to hang out in gangs, he was a sensible character.'
His brother, Yonis, 29, said: 'He had a real zest for life. He really wanted to go into the media business and travel around the world.
'He was never in trouble with the police. He just wasn't like that. He was with his mates from uni going to play football.
'He didn't know the people who attacked him. He was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. We're not sure if his friends knew them, we don't know anything more.'
Forensics officers examine the scene near Maryland railway station, east London, after an 18-year-old was found with stab wounds
Another friend, 23-year-old Issaq Soul, said: 'There is a war going on between the Afghans and the Somalis.
'The tension has been building. They want to call the shots around here. They are completely lawless. But Kul wasn't caught up in all that.'
There have been no arrests in either case.
The two deaths bring the total of teen killings in London to three this year. Last year, 28 teenagers were killed in the capital.
Police are appealing for witnesses to Mr Hawalied's killing.
Anyone with information should call the incident room on 020 7321 9251 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Right now we are in the middle of our projection series and my thoughts tend to focus on the categories that we forecast. Specifically, those thoughts center on the durability components of our predictions. For pitchers, that's innings pitched and for position players those are plate appearances.
Last year our official group projection was for two players (Ike Davis and David Wright) to reach 575 PA and two pitchers (Jonathon Niese and Matt Harvey) to supply 175 IP. My predictions were much more optimistic, with four hitters (Daniel Murphy, Wright, Ruben Tejada and Lucas Duda) to reach the 575-PA threshold and four pitchers (Niese, Harvey, Dillon Gee and Johan Santana) to clear the 175-IP mark.
In reality, the Mets had two pitchers (Gee, Harvey) and one hitter (Murphy) reach these benchmarks.
Looking at all of the players in MLB, there were only 70 pitchers last year to reach 175 IPs and 93 hitters to equal or surpass 575 PA. That works out to an average of slightly over two pitchers and three hitters per team. I thought it would be interesting to look at the teams that outperformed in these areas. Here they are, the teams that had at least four pitchers or five hitters to surpass these totals, along with their team wins:
Pitchers
CIN – Mat Latos, Homer Bailey, Bronson Arroyo, Mike Leake – 90
DET – Justin Verlander, Max Scherzer, Doug Fister, Anibal Sanchez, Rick Porcello – 93
Batters
BAL – Manny Machado, Nick Markakis, Adam Jones, Chris Davis, J.J. Hardy, Nate McLouth, Matt Wieters – 85
CIN – Joey Votto, Shin-Soo Choo, Jay Bruce, Brandon Phillips, Zack Cozart, Todd Frazier – 90
CLE – Jason Kipnis, Carlos Santana, Nick Swisher, Michael Brantley, Michael Bourn – 92
DET – Prince Fielder, Victor Martinez, Torii Hunter, Miguel Cabrera, Austin Jackson – 93
TBR – Ben Zobrist, Evan Longoria, Desmond Jennings, James Loney, Yunel Escobar – 92
It's hard not to notice that there's not a bad team in the bunch. Sure, a bit of this is circular – bad players are generally not allowed to get 575 PA or 175 IP. But when assembling the list of the top 100 players in MLB – would Leake, Porcello, Markakis, Cozart, Bourn and others be on there?
Ideally, your stars stay healthy but you need your supporting players to do that, too. And this shows how a team like Cleveland, which is not exactly brimming with superstars, can put up such a healthy win total. By contrast, look at the 2008 Mets. That team had four players put up 686 or more PA and the next closest total was 384. There simply was no reliable supporting cast, which ended up making the difference between a playoff team and an also ran. And the following years when the stars were injured, the bottom fell out completely.
Over the past three years, here's how the Mets' starting pitchers averaged in IP:
Bartolo Colon – 169
Dillon Gee – 156.1
Jonathon Niese – 163.2
Of course Zack Wheeler and Jenrry Mejia have yet to pitch that long in the majors. But it shows why a 40-year old was worth a two-year deal. Colon has been just as durable as guys 15 years younger than he. But before you say that neither Gee nor Niese have been the pictures of health, realize that Niese ranks 52nd and Gee 60th in the most IP in the majors the past three years.
The Mets' path to success is Colon, Gee, Niese and Wheeler all topping the 175-IP mark in 2014. Of course, they'll need some hitters to join them. Unfortunately the club is not awash in similarly durable players. The hope is that Curtis Granderson, who averaged 657 PA over a seven-year stretch prior to 2013, can bounce back to that level and be joined by Murphy, Wright and perhaps one or two others.
The other day, Dan Kolton talked about the NL East standings for the upcoming season and drew criticism for suggesting that if things broke right that the Mets could win 91 games. But it seems to me that if they get four starters and four hitters to reach our durability benchmarks that number is certainly in play. But we should realize that only two teams in the majors did that in 2013.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MADISON COUNTY, Ala. - An Arizona company has solicited investors to help complete a purchase of the Mobile BayBears minor league baseball team, with the hope of relocating them to Madison County. The details come from a confidential investment opportunity summary dated from early June, recently obtained by WHNT News 19.
The document says the company has met with leaders in Madison County as well as the City of Madison who have “expressed a willingness to construct a state-of-the-art ballpark within the largest mixed-use development in Alabama, slated to open for the 2019 season.”
Officials from the city, county, and development told us there wasn't much they could say about the potential deal.
The head of the company in question, BallCorps, LLC, says the situation is “fluid.” He says some of the information in the internal document is not accurate, though he did not provide specifics. He says the company produced more than 10 versions of it.
The proposal in the document reviewed by WHNT News 19 says the ballpark would be in the Town Madison development. That's the mixed-use development planned in the area of I-565 and Zierdt Road.
The document says that BallCorps has already entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with the owners of the Mobile BayBears. It says once that agreement is executed, the company will have exclusive rights to bring baseball to Madison County.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Ralph Nelson, Jr., the chief executive of BallCorps, told us the investment document, roughly 45 days old, is now dated. He writes, “It is true that we are attempting to obtain a minor league team, but I will not identify it, pursuant to baseball rules. As far as a stadium site, we are considering a half dozen in three states, including its current location.”
That fits with the investment document. The Huntsvillle area, which is how the investment summary describes the location, headlines the pitch to investors, though the document acknowledges BallCorps is looking at Savannah, Georgia and Baton Rouge, Louisiana as backup sites.
The document says, “BallCorps has entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (APA) to acquire the only Double-A team that league officials will agree to move, and engaged in conversations with multiple municipalities that have indicated they would build a new ballpark upon BallCorps' commitment to relocate the team.”
However, the BayBears belong to the Southern League, and President of the Southern League Lori Webb told WHNT News 19 that the BayBears did not currently have permission to move markets. She would not say more about the potential sale besides, "This is a private business matter, and I will not and cannot discuss it publicly at this time."
Nelson told WHNT News 19 the decision to move would not be made before their application to purchase a team was ruled on. He notes, “Even if our application is approved, baseball requires an extensive relocation process and additional approvals.”
Nelson says the company has not begun the totally separate process of relocating the team.
We have been unable to reach the current owners of the Mobile BayBears.
The city of Mobile has poured hundreds of thousands of dollars into the current BayBears ballpark, making new investments for improvements as recently as this year. Mobile City Councilman John Williams says the city has a contract with the BayBears until March 2020. He told us he had no knowledge of any potential move.
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) documents confirm BallCorps, LLC. has started looking for investors to amass $20 million in capital. The investment opportunity summary says that would be to move the Mobile BayBears to one of three cities, before aiming to sell the team again in five to six years.
An SEC filing says BallCorps had raised a little over $8 million as of July 13th from 33 different investors.
The investment summary says, “In recent meetings with Mayor Paul Finley of Madison, Dale Strong, the Chairman of the Madison County Commissioners and Louis Breland, the developer of the project, BallCorps has been assured that the ballpark is the critical key element of the development, that, as is consistent with similar developments recently opened in Indiana, South Carolina, Florida, Georgia, Tennessee, Nebraska and Oklahoma, a ballpark converts the overall development into a ‘destination.'”
We could not reach Madison County Commission Chair Dale Strong for comment.
A source within the Town Madison circle told us the developers would be open to a wide variety of potential users and any opportunities that would be supported by the community.
Madison Mayor Paul Finley told us there wasn't much he could say.
The mayor did note, “Town Madison is going to need destination spots.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
On the 15th of June 2015, it was announced that a US drone strike killed Nasir al-Wuhayshi, leader of Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Operating predominantly in Yemen, AQAP have since executed prominent member Humam al-Hamid, and three other men suspected of being spies. AQAP claims that Humam al-Hamid disclosed Nasir al-Wuhayshi's location to the US intelligence services.
It is difficult to establish whether Humam al-Hamid was actually a spy, with the only available evidence being rumours spread by jihadists on social media. In addition to twitter accusations that Humam al-Hamid was cooperating with US intelligence, accusers also claimed he was working for both ISIS, a rival of AQAP, and Saudi Arabia.
Advertisement
Although, Humam al-Hamid was previously a founding member of the Al-Battar Media Foundation, which supports ISIS, Al-Battar have since claimed that they lost contact with Humam al-Hamid many months before Nasir al-Wuhayshi's death.
Understandably, US intelligence have not disclosed whether Humam al-Hamid was an agent, but suggest that his execution demonstrates the strategic utility of drone strikes in creating distrust and paranoia within terrorist organisations. Distrust can create instability within a terrorist organisation, reducing their operational effectiveness. Drones are renowned for the psychological impact they have on the enemy. With apparent omnipresence, drones are capable of becoming lethal at a moment's notice with sophisticated accuracy, and can do so without being seen or heard.
Advertisement
Top Videos of the Day
With the inability to fight back or defend oneself, drones have become feared by both terrorists and civilians alike in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Libya and Yemen. Fears of infiltration within AQAP is likely to result in the enforcement of stricter security protocols, which will further hinder their command and control structure. If accusations of treachery continue, particularly against innocent members, then AQAP's morale is also likely to suffer substantially.
AQAP has a history of executing suspected spies. In 2014, they killed four men who were accused of implanting tracking devices in vehicles that were later destroyed by US drones. If Humam al-Hamid was a spy, then it would demonstrate operational shrewdness on America's part, to recruit an agent within the region.
Advertisement
In modern conflict, the US has tended to rely on signals intelligence, such as monitored phone calls and internet communications to devise military strategy within the Middle East. Having said that, if Humam al-Hamid was a spy, then the US will be disappointed to have not protected such a valuable asset. The US intelligence community, will deny any involvement with Humam al-Hamid, as they will not want to develop a poor reputation for managing and protecting their agents, which would increase the difficulty of recruiting agents in the future.
The US intelligence community will regard the targeted killing of Nasir al-Wuhayshi as a great success. Firstly, many within US government regard AQAP as a greater threat to US security than ISIS. This is primarily because AQAP have explicitly looked to target the United States, allegedly perfecting methods for smuggling explosives onto airplanes, without alerting airport security screening systems. By contrast, ISIS are more accustomed to inspiring individuals within western states to conduct their own terrorist operations. Secondly, Nasir al-Wuhayshi was a key player within Al-Qaeda, as leader of AQAP since 2008, and Al-Qaeda's global general manager, he was the likely successor to Al-Qaeda's current leader Ayman al-Zawahiri. Nasir al-Wuhayshi was also an inspirational figure to many aspiring jihadists, and his death will be an incredible blow to Al-Qaeda's overall morale.
Whilst US strategists may use the death of Nasir al-Wuhayshi to justify further drone strikes in the region, they must not forget that such decapitation strikes have yet to defeat a terrorist organisation. Qassem al-Rimi has already been announced as Nasir al-Wuhayshi's successor. The power-vacuum left by the death of senior terrorist leader can also fracture the organisation they left behind, creating even more violent and extreme factions. The emergence of ISIS from Al-Qaeda after the death of Osama bin Laden is a clear example of this. Furthermore, drone strikes hold the potential for collateral damage, which can radicalise civilians towards extremist causes. Drone strikes remain a hugely controversial aspect of US foreign policy, and have done little to remedy America's poor reputation in the Middle East.
AQAP are currently in a crisis after Nasir al-Wuhayshi's death. However, this is unlikely to be the end of AQAP's dominance within Yemen, nor the last time that drones will be used to target senior terrorist leaders.
The lockdown sparked at the Hilton Hotel in Saint John, N.B., when a guest recently returned from Africa was found unconscious has been lifted after doctors determined Ebola was not a factor.
Police say they "quarantined the building" after the woman was found by cleaning staff about 11:15 a.m. on Sunday.
Public health officials, fire crews and Ambulance New Brunswick all responded.
Saint John fire Chief Kevin Clifford said things "are back to normal" at the waterfront hotel.
It's not like it's going to be Typhoid Mary running around Saint John. - Dr. Scott Giffin
"What we were presented with was something different that raised some concerns," he told CBC News.
"In the context of the world environment right now, we needed to ensure we didn't have that type of environment here."
Dr. Scott Giffin, provincial medical officer of health in Saint John, said the first concern was the Ebola virus, which continues to make headlines as the death toll climbs in Africa.
Giffin said the patient didn't visit any of the affected countries.
People at the Hilton Hotel have been told not to leave. (Matthew Bingley/CBC)
"So while she was in West Africa, it's clear she didn't go into any of the high-risk zones. So she isn't going to bring it back if she hasn't been exposed to it," he said.
"It's still possible to get the first case in a new country — extremely unlikely, but possible."
Ebola is transmitted through direct close contact, Giffin said.
The woman remains in hospital. Giffin would not divulge any details about her condition, citing privacy reasons.
He says people frequently come back from tropical countries with diseases. "It's not like it's going to be Typhoid Mary running around Saint John," he said.
An Ebola outbreak that began in Guinea in March has since spread across much of Liberia and Sierra Leone. Cases have also been registered in Nigeria and Senegal, and the World Health Organization says more than 2,100 people have died.
It's not the first time that Canadian health officials have acted with caution in recent weeks. A number of individuals have been placed in quarantine until it was determined they weren't suffering from the virus.
Last Sunday, public health officials in Quebec confirmed a girl who developed a fever after returning from a trip to West Africa did not have Ebola.
A week before that, a patient at a Montreal hospital tested negative for the virus, and earlier in August, testing confirmed a patient in Ontario did not have Ebola.
Posted on behalf of Jennifer Carpenter.
US and Canadian researchers have evolved a population of fruitflies that can count. The result, presented on 9 July at the First Joint Congress on Evolutionary Biology in Ottawa, Canada, supports the notion that the neural mechanisms underlying basic arithmetic skills first emerged hundreds of millions of years ago. It could also eventually offer a key to understanding why some people have problems with numbers.
Few doubts that our closest animal relatives have some capacity to count. A variety of clever studies have also revealed the numerical skills of more distant species, including salamanders, fish and bees. But until now, no one has ever tried to genetically enhance an animal's counting ability.
To tackle the challenge, evolutionary geneticists Tristan Long, of Wilfrid Laurier University in Waterloo, Canada, and William Rice, of the University of California, Santa Barbara, teamed up to try to create a race of numerically savvy insects. During a 20-minute training period, flies were exposed to either two, three or four flashes of light — two and four flashes coincided with a vigorous shake administered by placing a electric toothbrush next to the box containing the flies. After a brief rest, the flies were returned to box and shown the light flashes. Despite a dislike for being shaken, most of the flies were not able to learn to associate the negative stimulus with the number of flashes. But 40 generations later, they could.
The researchers caution that the work is preliminary and that they do yet know what genetic changes are behind the insects' evolved number sense.
“The obvious next step is to see how [the flies'] neuro-architecture has changed,” explains Long. He then hopes to look for genetic differences between control and experimentally selected flies to pin down the genes responsible for their enhanced counting ability.
Neuroscientists have long speculated that human mathematical ability is built on an innate foundation that predates language and complex reasoning. Dyscalculia, a poorly understood disorder that affects a person's ability to learn and perform basic arithmetic operations, may in some cases be related to an impairment of this innate foundation. If so, says Long, fruitflies could help to uncover genetic links to the disorder.
“This project was really about getting people interested in using fruitflies as a model system for understanding numerical competence and its evolution,” he adds.
Photo credit: Thomas Deerinck, NCMIR/Getty Images
A majority of people in the United States believe President Trump is abusing his powers, according to a new Quinnipiac University survey released Wednesday.
The poll found 54 percent believe Mr. Trump is abusing his presidential powers and 43 percent said he isn't.
More than half of the public, 55 percent, said they believe Mr. Trump fired James Comey as FBI director to disrupt the federal investigation into possible collusion between Russian officials and Trump associates to interfere in the 2016 U.S. election.
Fifty-four percent said they disapprove of Mr. Trump's decision to fire Comey, with 49 percent describing it as an abuse of power and 47 percent saying it was not an abuse.
A majority also said they don't believe the president's claim that Comey told him three different times that he was not under investigation. Fifty-five percent believe that Mr. Trump asked Comey to end the investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
Two-thirds of people said they support the appointment of a special prosecutor. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed former FBI director Robert Mueller as special counsel to oversee the Russia probe last week.
More than two thirds, 68 percent, said that Russian interference in the election is "very important" or "somewhat important." Sixty-two percent said that the House should investigate their efforts.
Meanwhile, 37 percent approve of Mr. Trump's job as president and 55 percent disapprove.
The poll surveyed 1,404 voters between May 17 and 23 with a 3 percentage point of error.
Pope Francis celebrates Mass at the Vatican's Santa Marta hotel on Aug. 31, 2015. (Photo11: L'Osservatore Romano/Pool Photo via AP))
WASHINGTON — When Pope Francis celebrates a canonization Mass for a Spanish-American missionary in Washington this month, he will do so in a language that the new saint, Junípero Serra, would recognize: Spanish.
There are a number of reasons for that, said Cardinal Donald Wuerl, the archbishop of Washington who will be hosting the pope on the Washington leg of his three-city U.S. visit later this month.
First, Spanish is the pope's mother tongue; he was born in Argentina.
"But it's also a recognition of how large the Hispanic population in the United States is," Wuerl said. "And also because he is canonizing a Spanish speaker. And he's coming as the first pope from the New World, and the language, the predominant language of the Western Hemisphere, is Spanish."
Hispanics make up one-third of the U.S. Catholic church. "They're the biggest source of population growth in the church," said Julia Young, a professor at the Catholic University of America, a pontifically chartered university in Washington, who has written about the history of Hispanic Catholics in America.
"But most Latinos and Hispanics, coming here from counties that are majority Catholic, are facing challenges to their Catholic identity. There have been a number of Pentecostal denominations that have been appealing to that community and have been making inroads," she said. "So from the perspective of the institutional church, which obviously wants to keep people in the church, there's a real need to reach out to the next generation of Latinos and make sure they're becoming part of the church."
The canonization Mass is also a reminder that "the Latino Catholic church in the United States is actually older than the United States itself," Young said. "So as a historian, it's interesting that this is a nod to the deep Latino history of Catholicism."
Serra was born on the Spanish island of Mallorca in 1713, became a Franciscan friar, and sailed to Mexico in 1749. He later established a series of missions along the California coast. John Paul II set his cause for sainthood into motion by beatifying him in 1988, but his sainthood is controversial among some Native American groups for the sometimes coercive methods he used to convert tribes to Christianity.
The canonization Mass will be outdoors, at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception and the adjoining campus of the Catholic University of America. Tickets are being distributed by the archdiocese to parishes, mostly in the Washington area, and Wuerl said he's had 10 requests for every ticket. "I have found that I have far more dear friends than I ever realized," he said. "So the balancing act is how do you get an equitable distribution of those seats. ... That's a good problem to have."
The 25,000 capacity is smaller than previous papal Masses in the nation's capital — a 1979 Mass by Pope John Paul II on the National Mall that drew 175,000, and a 2008 Mass by Pope Benedict XVI at the newly opened Nationals Park attended by 50,000.
"A huge, Mall-type Mass is not what the Holy Father was looking for" in Washington, Wuerl said. Instead, there will be an open-to-the-public Mass on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in Philadelphia during the World Meeting of Families Sept. 27.
But if you're one of the 25,000 people with a ticket to the Washington Mass and you don't speak Spanish, be not afraid: "It will not be solely in Spanish. And we do intend to have the Jumbotron translation," Wuerl said.
A man looks at an exhibition on Junipero Serra at The Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception in Washington on Aug. 20, 2015. Pope Francis will be celebrating Mass at the National Shrine on Sept. 23, 2015, and will canonize Serra, the Spanish missionary who introduced Christianity to California in the 18th century. (Photo11: Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1EzUQlJ
With unarmed black men being shot in the back by white cops on an almost daily basis in this country, I needed some psychological balm, some distancing, some art to express the insanity. Paul Beatty's brilliant "The Sellout" provided up-to-the minute topicality and an appropriately withering scorn to encapsulate the outrage. But I recalled Ishmael Reed, a time forty years ago when I tried "The Free-Lance Pallbearers" and didn't know what to make of it. Was I a more receptive reader now? Would Reed have anything to say to our current, appalling state of affairs?
The answer, at least in "Flight to Canada," was a resounding yes. In fact this novel, though shorter, may say more with less than Beatty's. Reed uses more flamboyant literary devices: conflating centuries is wild fun but also makes the institution of slavery seem even more bizarre and unconscionable than it would otherwise. Reed knows the minutae of history and sprinkles the novel with unlikely but accurate Civil War facts that fit in well with scenarios that include Greyhound Bus trips and television. Reed teases us with parallels: a slaveholder's son making an anthropological trip to Africa parallels Nelson Rockefeller's, Lincoln's assassination finds parallels in JFK's. The figure of old Abe, in fact, emerges as far less than heroic, but Jefferson Davis doesn't fare too well, either. If Reed expected his reader to see how the outrages of history blend so well with purely outlandish literary concoctions, he has succeeded with me. And moving the concept of one man owning another into relatively modern times (the 70s), or at least with modern references, as I said, brings home the real freakishness of the idea as nothing else could.
The only dated reference I found in "Flight to Canada" was to cassette tapes. All other modern touches are still relevant, including, unfortunately, the callousness of the TV press. And the bizarre, sadistic, dark nature of humanity, with the possibility of a comic, salutary outcome, at least in the short term, seems hard to contest. Truth in outrageousness, and entertainment, too.
Article by:
|
Mon May 22, 2017 | 16:05 PM
Global Eclipse Gathering is a once in a lifetime cosmic celebration, a symbiotic tribal alliance of festival cultures across our planet. From August 17-23, 2017, a dozen renowned international music and art festivals will congregate in Antelope, Oregon to take in a total solar eclipse en masse. Hosted on the majestic Big Summit Prairie in Ochoco National Forest which sprawls over 55,000 acres and includes Crater Lake, this event will bring together the finest in progressive festival culture for a transformative weekend focused on community, education, live-art installations, workshops, and prodigious musical programming that is beyond description – though in this article we shall try.
Following the fearless leadership of California's Symbiosis Gathering in collaboration with 11 other excellent international festivals, revelers of all stripes will enjoy the finest curation of progressive and psychedelic musical performances North America has ever seen. Imagine floating above the clouds in a hot air balloon, steering over time-traveling art boats cruising the lush lake environs, surrounded by a forest of illumination and sublime rolling hills.
In nothing short of a triumph in both booking and bluster, Eclipse has announced a whopping seven music stages, each meant to create a unique atmosphere, theme, and vision. The Moon, Earth, Sun, Sky, Silk Road, Big Top, and Eclipse Stages will unleash their variegated genius with a mind-boggling assortment of musical offerings. Each of the seven standalone stages covers a wide swath of electronic genres such as house, techno, bass, funk, psy-trance, as well as performances from many leading purveyors of progressive, psychedelic, globally-generated live instrumentation.
Please enjoy this up close and personal preview, saluting seven supernatural stages and the 350+ music artists on deck for Global Eclipse Gathering.
Eclipse Stage
The centerpiece for all music programming, the festival's namesake stage will host a genre-spanning assembly of iconic performers. Combining all of the elements of festival culture and its supernatural soundtracks, the Eclipse Stage will be HQ for the largest contingents of revelers and the boldest fonts of the festival. Whether it be the jam-tastic journeys of String Cheese Incident or STS9, the heartbeat of the jamband community will be on display. In other galaxies of sound, the dynamic Dimond Saints and subaqueous Thriftworks will push the sonic boundaries of a new mothership connection. Carnival steez of entirely different breeds in the Berkeley bedouins Beats Antique and Pacific Northwest's March Fourth will satirize the masses, while ethereal sunrise technician Random Rab will bring up the biggest star, our sun, with aplomb. The world's funkiest diplomat The Polish Ambassador is guaranteed to host a spunky dance party of preposterous proportions, while the titanic Bassnectar is sure to turn it loose.
Moon Stage
The Moon Stage will be a centralized zone for a loosely affiliated collection of artists that lean toward what's often categorized as "Bass Music." The stage was primarily booked by Symbiosis Gathering and Bass Coast , though Danny Corn and Andrea Graham received input from their festival partners around the world. They sought artists with unique voices, and who have and will inspire the global Bass scene. The plan is for their programming to flow as would the phases of a diverse DJ set, sensitive to the time of day by arcing upward from fun daytime energy up through the peak nocturnal hours, and then easing down to a chill landing as the sun rears its head at dawn.
We were lucky to track Graham down, (she will perform at The Moon Stage as The Librarian.) We asked her and Danny Corn to let us in on their curating process and vision behind the Moon's mouthwatering lineup card.
"Number one on our list was getting DEEP MEDi MUZIK out to the festival," she said. "[Label head] Mala played a legendary sunrise set at Symbiosis in 2007 and also 2009. Kahn and Neek are putting out some of the most interesting music out there. Truth have also played Symbiosis so it made sense to invite them all out to the Eclipse. As a label, DEEP MEDi has been at the forefront of their scene for quite some time and we are thrilled to have a full night for them to take us on a journey. Another pivotal figure in Bass Music, particularly on the West Coast, is EPROM, who has inspired so much of what is happening in Bass Music today. Additionally, Om Unit is also joining the Eclipse line up. His label Cosmic Bridge defined the slow/fast sound that blends dubstep's half-time heartbeat with jungle and footwork rhythms. A familiar face at Bass Coast, Om Unit commands the dance floor's attention with his powerful sets. "
In addition to the artists Graham spotlighted, allow us to call attention to a few more mad professors who will mine the moon's tombs: An-ten-nae, PRSN, Danny Corn, The Librarian, and The Gaslamp Killer.
Silk Road
One of the coolest regions of Symbiosis has always been Silk Road, a period-specific stage and scene that harkens back to centuries ago. History has regaled us with tales of an ancient network of trade routes that were for centuries central to cultural interaction, and the main traders during this antiquity included the Chinese, Arabs, Turkmens, Indians, Persians, Somalis, Greeks, Syrians, Romans, Georgians, Armenians, Bactrians and other transient merchants and philosophers. Rest assured, the creative genius behind Lightning in a Bottle's Frontierville, The Grand Artique, is planning an equally epic endeavor for the Global Eclipse Gathering's Silk Road stage, a vintage view into the Persian panacea.
The Grand Artique's Ian Xavier explains, "The mission of the Silk Road is to create an environment that not only captures your senses but transports you through time and space to a world of travel, of bygone markets, of trade, of energetic connection that provokes cultural questions, musical ideals...Our philosophy with the music curation was to welcome in as many different genres within the global/world music landscape. By doing this we were able to book Tuvan throat singers, Cumbia, Poetry, Afrobeat, Qawwali, Swamptronica and everything else in between!
A smattering of choice performers stirring within this smorgasbord of global mysticism blessing up this bedouin bazaar: Ayla Nereo, Liberation Movement, Brian Hartman, Dogon Lights, [and] Huun-Huur-Tu (Tuvan throat singer). We are particularly excited about the unique blend of 1950s and 60s style cumbia and high-energy, Afro-Colombian dance music of La Misa Negra and the sublime, enchanted séance that is Stellamara, whose art is rooted in Near Eastern, Eastern European, Medieval European, Arabic and Persian traditions. Across the sonic and socio-cultural spectrum, Silk Road will host the exhilarating, Brooklyn-based afro-beat orchestra Antibalas."
Big Top Stage
We tried mightily to pry some information about the Big Top Stage from the minds behind the magic, but Mike Gaines of Vau de Vire Society chose to stay tight-lipped regarding what is in store for the hypnotic house of cards. At Symbiosis Gathering 2016, the teetering tent exploded into a psychedelic circus of the ridiculous. At Eclipse, the spectacle shall be bigger and badder – heaven in a hippie hippodrome. The music programming leans toward the live element, from funk to folk, N'awlins to the NorthWest, Floridian jams to Bay Area fam, and all points between. Above is a smidgen to whet the appetite for a bumpin' BBQ at the Big Top carousal.
Earth Stage
Conversely, Josh Wendell (of Envision Festival) was anxious to share the vision of the Earth Stage that he and Martin Andrew (DJ Dragonfly) will manifest:
"The Earth Stage is to be one of the larger stages at the event, with some focus and emphasis on creating a fun party, but with a larger focus on creating a sexy, chill, psychedelic journey. Running with the theme of 'Earth,' we want to create a grounded, cozy feel, using natural elements and not a lot of hard lines. Expect the space to feel beautiful, clean, grounded, safe and natural. We hope that all of our built environments can inspire people to see what can be done in harmony with this Earth that we live on. "
And about the music:
"We couldn't be more excited to run with the genre and vibe that has been determined for this stage. There is a focus on chill sexy psychedelic music, but will also have room for fun, party vibes. We get to take you on a journey. Some of the names to look out for, are some of the ones that most people have never heard of."
The interplanetary intention and foundation of the Earth Stage experience will be soundtracked by the likes of British Columbia's shamans in sultry, like Goopsteppa, and sacred, like aTYya, Australian Ecstatic Dance empress DJ Dakini, Reno, Nevada's portal-probing prodigal son CharlestheFirst, and the legend himself doing Gaudi in Dub. Bridging the gap between progressive production and organic instrumentation will be the emotional lust of The Human Experience, the empyreal Emancipator, and Costa Rica's pimpadelic Santos y Zurdo.
Sun Stage
Admittedly beyond the scope of this writer's tastes or familiarities, there is no denying that psytrance is a global force in festival culture. It is nothing if not an acquired taste; as the venerable artist Android Jones once explained to Everfest's own Eamon Armstrong: "you don't actually dance to psytrance, psytrance dances you." SpacegeishA, boss lady of the trendsetting record label Street Ritual and a veteran Symbiosis staffer, was kind enough to give us the 411 on the music to be presented at the Sun Stage.
"The global representation on the Sun Stage is unlike America has ever seen. With top notch artists coming from every corner of the globe, this will be America's premiere psytrance experience, most likely the largest showcase of this sound we've ever hosted on American soil. The Sun Stage will feature a variety of psytrance tempos including progressive, dark-psy, downtempo, full-on, and so much more. Be ready for barefoot dancing, global vibes, and incredibly satisfying rolling bass lines."
"While you may be a novice to psytrancing or a trained professional; you should know there is nothing quite as satisfying as hearing this genre on loud speakers. Dancing wildly and connecting with yourself and the earth is what this music is all about: helping to put us into a trance of rhythm, melodies, and of course BASS. "
SpacegeishA was also kind enough to hip us to just a few of who's who playing the Sun Stage: Grouch, 1200 Mics, Perfect Stranger, Smoke Sign (who booked much of the stage's programming), AJJA, D-NOX, Ace Venture, Merkaba, Ryanosaurus, Tripswitch, Hallucinogen, and 24-hour Goa Gil experience.
Sky Stage
If you are looking for cutting-edge deep house and techno, tilt your head toward the clouds and immerse yourself in the Sky Stage. Also keeping their prodigious plans and insane installations hush-hush, this hub for house and playa-tech will be HQ for revelers who camp with the Dirty Birds, ride the Robot Heart bus, and feast with Desert Hearts family. It's a lineup card brimming with a plethora of progressive artists that hail from all corners and communities. We've put together a short highlight reel of amazing untz technicians who will serenade the Sky Stage with appropriate throb.
Islamic State threatens to kill Japanese hostage Kenji Goto and Jordanian pilot in 24 hours
Updated
A Japanese journalist held hostage by the Islamic State extremist group has appeared in a new video saying he will be killed within 24 hours unless Jordan frees a jailed female militant.
In the audio recording, Kenji Goto's voice is heard appealing for the governments of Japan and Jordan to secure his release.
His captors are demanding the release of Sajida al-Rishawi, who is on death row for her role in a bombing in Jordan a decade ago.
In exchange, the veteran correspondent and a Jordanian pilot being held by IS could be set free, but Goto said both faced death if the demand was not met.
Prime minister Shinzo Abe told Japan's parliament would do its utmost to save Goto but would not "give in to terrorism".
"The situation is extremely severe but we'll do the utmost to have Kenji Goto released as soon as possible," he said.
Japan's state minister for foreign affairs, Yasuhide Nakayama, vowed to work with Jordan to secure the release of the pair.
"Both our nations have to work together to ensure that both the pilot and the Japanese hostage return to their respective homes with smiles on their faces," said Mr Nakayama, who was sent to Jordan last week to deal with the crisis.
Mother pleads for help to free son
Moments after the new video appeared, Goto's mother Junko Ishido said: "I think the government should do whatever it can do."
"Kenji does not hold any animosity toward the Islamic State. He went to the Islamic State out of his extreme concern for Mr Yukawa," she told Japanese media.
She was referring to Haruna Yukawa, a fellow hostage who was beheaded by IS because Japan failed to pay a $US200 million ransom by the end of a 72-hour deadline.
Jordan's King Abdullah was quoted as telling a Jordanian newspaper that the case of the pilot, First Lieutenant Muath al Kasaesbeh, "tops the country's priority".
The militants captured the pilot after his plane crashed during US-led coalition bombing in eastern Syria in December.
Two members of Jordan's parliament told Kyodo news agency on Monday that Jordan might be willing to release Rishawi in exchange for Goto and Kasaesbeh.
Rishawi was sentenced to death by a Jordanian court in September 2006 in connection with triple hotel bomb attacks in Amman the previous year that killed 60 people.
The 44-year-old was arrested four days after the attacks in which her husband Ali Hussein al-Shammari and two other Iraqis blew themselves up.
The heaviest casualties came when Shammari detonated his explosives belt at the Radisson SAS hotel as a wedding was in full swing.
Two other hotels were hit in the coordinated attacks and most of the dead were Jordanians.
ABC/wires
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, terrorism, world-politics, jordan, japan, asia
First posted
Outcomes of the Moscow forum «Blockchain: dialogue of business and authorities»
Wavesplatform News Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 19, 2017
The research and practice forum «Blockchain: dialogue of business and authorities» was held in Moscow on April 13.
The event was attended by State Duma deputies, relevant ombudsmen, Russian academics, representatives of business interests, experts, members of the interagency working group on the cryptocurrency turnover risk assessment, and representatives of public agencies.
The forum moderator, Head of the Interagency Working Group on Legal Regulation of the Cryptocurrency Turnover, Doctor of Law, Professor of MGIMO Elina Sidorenko expressed her view that the event had resulted in passing a unified concerted decision on the need to adopt a bill on cryptocurrency turnover containing the definition of the core positions of this document. According to Sidorenko, there is no doubt that cryptocurrency needs favorable legal conditions in Russia, including those in the tax field. The forum moderator highlighted the need to develop blockchain technology.
A State Duma Deputy from the LDPR faction Andrei Lugovoi emphasized that even people who lack confidence in cryptocurrency can't deny acknowledging the benefits of the blockchain technology. According to Lugovoi, the technology will facilitate direct communication between individuals and legal entities, society and the state. The MP cited data stating that more than half of national registers will function on the blockchain in a decade. According to the estimates of the World Bank, 10% of the world GDP will be stored with the help of blockchain as early as in 2017.
Lugovoi is confident that a ready bill on the regulation of cryptocurrency turnover will be read by the agencies and the expert community in the second half of 2017. The MP suggested setting up an interagency working group on assessing the risks of the cryptocurrency turnover.
Deputy Director of the Rosfinmonitoring Pavel Livadny has noted that his agency sees the risks of the cryptocurrency turnover, but nevertheless considers the blockchain as an advanced, multi-purpose tool. Such a tool should be legalized in Russia. According to Livadny, cryptocurrencies need legislative regulation, and they are banned only in a few countries.
The leader of the Party of Growth, business ombudsman Boris Titov suggested setting up a cryptovalley within the Crimean peninsula, similar to the Crypto Valley initiative implemented in the Swiss Zug. According to Titov, distribution of cryptocurrency in the Crimea will allow raising regional funding under sanctions more efficiently. According to Titov, blockchain will strengthen confidence in the electoral system through the implementation of voting based on the distributed ledger technology.
The founder of the Waves blockchain platform Alexander Ivanov announced the necessity to create legal norms regulating the operation of the points of exchange of the fiat currency for cryptocurrency and backwards. According to the Waves founder, 161-FZ is currently enforced in Russia, which regulates operations with electronic money. Similar legislation can also be developed to legalize the depositing and withdrawal of cryptocurrency. At the same time, the legislation should take into consideration both the technological features of the cryptocurrency and the role of the regulator and other players on the financial market.
Ivanov also told the public authorities about the ICO mechanisms and suggested making this method of raising investment absolutely legal in Russia for the first time in the world. This crowdfunding tool can absolutely legally function within the existing investment market.
According to the Waves founder, the statutory framework BitLicense implemented by the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYSDFS) can serve as a guide for Russian regulators. BitLicense is a license that all companies processing virtual currencies are required to obtain under the regulatory requirements of the State of New York. For example, BitLicense regulates the following aspects:
• Storage, possession and management of virtual currencies on behalf of third parties;
• Exchange of virtual currencies;
• Sale and purchase of virtual currencies;
• Management, administration or emission of virtual currencies.
The very fact of holding the forum «Blockchain: dialogue of business and authorities» proves the warming of the Russian authorities' attitude to cryptocurrencies and the Blockchain technologies, being their basis. The state will probably make its next step towards the formation of legal regulation aimed at developing cryptocurrencies and Blockchain in Russia.
During the interview with Jim Rome on Jim Rome on Showtime in which Rob Gronkowski said he'd want a wife who cooked and cleaned, he also spiked a piñata, talked about his party bus … and said he'd rather get a concussion than blow out his knee. His logic was a little less than sound.
Transcription from CBS:
“Uh, so if we're sitting here and I had chosen would I want a concussion right now or my knee blown out, I'm going to say a concussion. Why would I want to sit there for eight months and not do anything, when with a concussion I'll just wake up and I'll be ready to go again. Gronk isn't worried about not remembering things later in life because “that happens all the time. I don't even know how I got to my hotel last night.”
No one would ever accuse Gronkowski of being a philosopher, but it seems crazy to me that he would equate browning out from having too many drinks to CTE, the condition that has afflicted many former football players.
I'm going to hope that Gronkowski is playing up his character and doing his best to answer a somewhat tough question to answer, as opposed to having given no real thought to the lasting damages of concussions.
Oh, and here he is spiking the piñata.
(Thanks to CBS for sharing.)
We didn't see this year coming, but we heard it from all sides. In Signal & Noise 2016, you'll find the way we made sense out of all of that sound.
It isn't hard to sell people on optimism, but it's hard to keep them sold on it, especially in a year as cynical as this one. Yet as we tear the final pages out of this ferociously exhausting calendar year, Chance the Rapper stands as 2016's greatest optimist. His Coloring Book was one of the albums that wouldn't go away this year, no matter what came after it. First, it was the perfect summer album. Then summer passed, and I was still kicking up dead leaves in my neighborhood and listening to cars roll by with their windows slightly cracked listening to “Smoke Break” or “Mixtape.” Chance made the only thing this year that has fit unconditionally.
For the past several months, I've wondered, sometimes out loud, if this could still have been The Year of Chance had he come out of any other city. If Chance was someone who hailed from the coasts, I imagine that the sound of Coloring Book — a joyous mess of voices and harmony, with the self as the most reliable instrument — would have moved us just the same. But what of everything else that came with it? What about the feel-good aspects of Chance's story, the Midwest kid made good? And it's not as though he rose from the cornfields of central Iowa. Unlike any other city in its region, Chicago sits at the center of the national conversation, taking up space in exciting, uncomfortable ways. Its name is deployed by politicians who imagine any place black people live as a war zone. Black people live and die in Chicago, they create and thrive in Chicago. This year, in particular, the city has been a driving force behind art, sound, writing, and a movement of young black creatives claiming a space of their own — Saba and Noname and Mick Jenkins and Jamila Woods and Vic Mensa, to name a few. Chance, though, was the one who tapped into exactly what this year needed. The soundtrack to grief isn't always as dark as the grief itself. Sometimes what we need is something to make the grief seem small, even when you know it's a lie.
In late May, I was crammed into a seat on a school bus driving through Chicago to an undisclosed location. Chance carried me here, strictly on the promise of something spectacular. It was the first time in years that an artist had made me believe in their capacity for the unbelievable in such a way that I got on a plane and flew toward something unknown. The school bus eventually pulled up to a warehouse, where I settled into a long and snaking line. Once inside, Chance's voice rang out over the loudspeakers, inviting everyone to Magnificent Coloring World: an interactive event and funhouse for all ages to be experienced while Coloring Book played through in its entirety. It was, in many ways, like watching a visual album playing out, created in real time by random participants. Teenagers colored, twentysomethings rapped to every word of every song while leaning into glowing church pews, young children broke out into dance wherever there was a clear bit of floor — first a handful, and then others, and others. There were bowls of candy, coolers of cold drinks, and the entire set from the music video for “Sunday Candy” pushed back against a wall. It was a brilliant creation, in both scope and execution. When the album died down, the final handclaps of “Blessings (Reprise)” echoing off of the warehouse's brick, a silence fell over the room, and then it quickly became everything but silence, as Chance himself rose from a riser. He was smiling, a Chicago Bulls jersey nearly down to his knees. He stood for a moment, waiting for the cheers to die down. And then he stayed for a moment longer, and a moment longer, until he seemed to realize that the cheers weren't going to stop.
There's something about the way Chance takes up space that causes these types of intense reactions. It's a rock star–like quality, like The Beatles stepping off the Boeing 707 in New York back in 1964. Because he seems too good to be true, witnessing Chance in person, even in stillness and silence, can prompt a type of thrilling madness. It's also in the energy he gives off, particularly in Chicago. By the time he arrived to the people at Magnificent Coloring World, he was nearly vibrating, radiant. Eventually he spoke, briefly: “Hi. Thanks for coming to Magnificent Coloring World. I hope you had a good time, and please be sure to try to clean up a little for the next group coming in.” He smiled as someone in the back yelled, “Thank YOU, Chance!” And then he was gone, waving as the riser took him back underneath the wonderland he'd created. The air was still buzzing as the masses walked back outside into the sun.
It is one thing to be good at what you do, and it is another thing to be good and bold enough to have fun while doing it. It keeps us on that thin edge of annoyance and adulation. When Steph Curry shoots a three-pointer and turns to run back down the court before it even goes in, there is a second where I tell myself that I'd love for the ball to spin around the rim and fall out, that no one should get to be both good and confident in a time when it's hard enough to be either. But when the ball inevitably falls through the net, I cheer like I always do. I rewind the play and watch again. Chance has the nerve to have fun, which has to be hard on the rap fan who wants something more urgent out of these urgent times, or who imagines that Chance being from a city like Chicago means that he has to commit to only a single narrative. In interviews, he's still excited to talk about his own work, sometimes rapidly burning through cigarettes and bouncing up and down in his seat. In live performances, he's still able to come across as genuinely in love with the people he performs with, staring with admiration at Lil Wayne during a performance of “No Problem” on The Ellen DeGeneres Show.
At the end of this long and bloody summer, I sat with friends in New York and wondered how we survived it all. In June, a massacre in Orlando. In July, a dead black person on the news seemingly every week. In August, the protests spreading through every city, in the face of something that seemed like it was going to swallow us all. I thought back to Magnificent Coloring World then, or at least I considered what it might be like to live inside of an album, and if there would be any pain there if we did. The truth is that I, like so many of you, spent this year trying to hold on to what joy I could. I, like so many of you, am now looking to get my joy back, after it ran away to a more deserving land than this one. And maybe this is what it's like to live in these times: The happiness is fleeting, and so we search for more while the world burns around us. There is optimism in that, too, in knowing that more happiness is possible. Coloring Book's childlike aspects can feel a bit overwhelming at times for the more grown of us, but in watching what those seeds produce in young people, I am, again, energized. Watching people younger and more carefree than I am now spill toward any space Chance is standing in unlocks the part of me that once did the same thing for Kanye West or Lupe Fiasco. When you watch hope closely enough, manifested in enough people, you can start to feel it too.
Chance's biggest strength is his remarkable ability to pull emotion out of people and extend those feelings into a wide space. But he is also a skilled writer, one who you can tell was molded through Chicago's poetry and open-mic scene. He is the type of writer I love most: one who thinks out loud and allows me to imagine the process of the writing. He stacks rhymes in exciting and unique ways; his delivery is the type that seems entirely unrestrained but is, truly, deeply controlled. In “How Great,” he sets a hard act for Jay Electronica to follow in one of the album's finest verses, spitting, “Electrify the enemy like Hedwig till he petrified / Any petty Peter Pettigrew could get the pesticide” and, later in the verse, “Exalt, exalt, glorify / Descend upon the Earth with swords and fortify the borders where your shorties lie.” His breath control allows for a cadence that seamlessly dances between rapping and singing. There is an urgency in his writing, the idea that he truly believes that this is more than just rap. The leap between 2013's Acid Rap and Coloring Book is massive, largely in lyrical direction rather than technical ability. It's the distance from “Trippy shit to watch drugs while on the clock / Acid on the face, that's a work of art” to “Clean up the streets so my daughter can have a place to play.” On Coloring Book, “Smoke Break” seems like a smoking anthem from a distance, but up close, it's a song about cherishing silent and stolen moments in the face of new parenthood. In “Same Drugs,” Chance meditates on clinging to youth, even as it slips through your fingers. When he softly sings, “Don't forget the happy thoughts,” it is an anchor, a reminder that hangs over many of us, even in the year's worst moments.
Another thing that Chance showed on Coloring Book is that he's one of rap's great collaborators. He is capable of bowing to anyone he is sharing a track with, without it coming off as forced — like the aforementioned “Mixtape,” when he finds a way to meet Lil Yachty and Young Thug where they're at, delivering a verse that sounds right at home, and then, two tracks later, sliding on the airy and mellow “Juke Jam” and lighting a path for Justin Bieber to follow. There is something very Chicago about this, too, like when I call my friends from Chicago who are artists, and we only get five minutes into conversation before they want to know what I'm working on, or how they can help. It is fitting that Chance comes from a city that never lets you walk alone.
He's also young, and an activist learning to be an activist in these times, as we all are. It's thrilling, sure, to see so many artists and athletes figuring out how to navigate their role in the political landscape. But with Chance, it feels even more urgent that he “get it right” — a deeply unfair expectation, but one that he seems up to. National attention is shined on things like his “Parade to the Polls” on November 7, where he performed a concert and then led thousands to an early-voting site in Chicago. But there is also Open Mike, a series for young Chicago writers and performers, founded by Chance and his friends. Last spring, Chance surprised high school students there with guest appearances by Kanye West and Vic Mensa. There is global activism, but there is also the work of turning and facing your people, which has to become harder with the more distance put between you and those people. I don't know what the future holds, but Chance's commitment to Chicago is truly pushing the needle forward. This isn't without its flaws; a wide, far-reaching community is always going to be failed by its heroes from time to time. But when all else fails, you have to be able to go home again and have people call your name in a way that is familiar to only them. Regardless of how wide your wings stretch, they were still born from a single place. For those of us with an eye always facing toward home, Chance inspires.
The truth is, if we don't write our own stories, there is someone else waiting to do it for us. And those people, waiting with their pens, often don't look like we do and don't have our best interests in mind. With rap in the midst of what may become its greatest generational shift, geography has taken on a new importance. Chance and his peers are looking at gentrification as a generational issue, looking at place and seeing memories unfold that have to be archived somewhere. I hear that in Vince Staples, in Kamaiyah, of course in Kendrick Lamar, and even in Drake's Views, a sprawling love letter to Toronto. Chance, at his best, is half-rapper, half–tour guide. The demand is simple: No one gets to speak the name of my city without first knowing it as I have. The interior of the land is always layered. Yes, sometimes with blood, but sometimes with bodies marching, with bodies moving, with bodies flooded into the streets chanting or dancing at the roller rink. There is no singular version of any place, but particularly not Chicago. Everyone, turn your eyes to the city you are told to imagine on the news and, instead, listen to the actual voices inside of it. There is nothing on Coloring Book that I haven't felt on the streets of Chicago in any season. It is the album that puts a hand inside of a city's back and makes it speak, makes it sing.
So many people want to talk about church when they talk about Chance. I understand this, in the same way that I understand my hands clapping, almost against their will, when a choir swells into a single, unmistakable voice. I understand it in the way that I understand gospel in its simplest terms, despite not being raised in the church. But here is what I also know: We stomp our feet in my church. In my church, we yell the names of those who will never be able to hear us. We curse in my church, the way our grandmothers did, loud and defiant, anchored by a life. My church is black, yes, but you might be able to get in if you can stay on beat long enough. My church sits high on a hill, away from a world on fire below it. And all of our time in it is brief, far too brief, but we get free there. We do it at the feet of musicians like Chance the Rapper, and the people who love him. If this year was bad, next year might be even worse, or at the very least it might be harder. We are nothing without our quick and simple blessings, without those willing to drag optimism by its neck to the gates of grief and ask to be let in, an entire choir of voices singing at their back.
Next in MTV News's Year in Music 2016: Meaghan Garvey on Marshmello and the year of realizing things.
At the outset of the 2014 oil collapse, slacking oil demand growth was often cited as a major contributor to the sharp decline in oil prices. In September 2014, the International Energy Agency (IEA) stated “The recent slowdown in demand growth is nothing short of remarkable”. The IEA doubled down and expanded on its weak demand thesis in its Medium-Term Oil Outlook report issued in February 2015:
The global economy, reshaped by the information technology revolution, has generally become less fuel intensive. Concerns over climate change are recasting energy policies. And the globalisation of the natural gas market, coupled with steep reductions in the cost and availability of renewable energy, are causing oil to face a level of inter-fuel competition that would have seemed unfathomable a few years ago …. the recent price decline is expected to have only a marginal impact on global demand growth for the remainder of the decade. Projections of oil-demand growth have been revised downwards, rather than upwards, since the price drop, in line with IMF forecasts of underlying economic growth; demand growth is expected to slow markedly, to 1.1 mb/d per annum over the next six years, from the “normal” pace of expansion exhibited prior to the financial crisis of 2008-2009.
The IEA was not alone, headlines and articles in the same vein were prevalent in the early innings of the oil price collapse:
World Oil Demand: And Then There Was None
Brookings Institution
Oct 2014
Falling Demand for Oil Is the Biggest Concern for Saudis
Bloomberg
Jan 2015
Oil's "Surprise" Collapse: It's The Demand, Stupid
Zerohedge
Feb 2015
This narrative made sense, the rise of EVs spearheaded by Tesla, increasingly stringent environmental policies, sluggish global economy and persistently high oil prices finally did oil in, except for a minor fact, none of these stories were true. After the dust settled and the IEA did its tally of oil demand, we notice that no actual collapse in oil demand has taken place, if anything, oil demand growth has accelerated materially since the crisis:
As can be seen from the table above, global oil and NGLs demand has been growing at a steady average annual rate of 1.15 million barrels prior to the crisis, and has accelerated since to 1.8 million barrels per year, with 2016 still subject to upward revisions. This acceleration in demand was predictable as per findings of demand elasticity studies available at the time. In April 2011, the International Monetary Fund published a 20-year oil price elasticity study, which concluded that a 10 percent increase (or decrease) in oil prices yields a 0.019 percent change in oil consumption over the short term, and 0.072 percent change over the long term.
(Click to enlarge)
Between 2011 and 2014 Brent oil prices averaged $107 per barrel, following the price collapse the average declined to $48 per barrel for 2015 and 2016, or 56 percent decline. Related: Saudi King Goes East In Search Of Friends And Cash
Applying this price decline to IMF findings would argue for a 1 percent acceleration in oil demand growth in 2015 and 2016 vs. the demand growth average prior to the crisis. This is exactly what happened. If we revert back to the historic oil demand growth table, we notice that demand growth has indeed accelerated in 2015 by about one percentage point to 2.15 percent as compared to 1.27 percent before the crisis. The 2016 demand growth average has slowed down to 1.7 percent growth; however, 2016 demand data is still preliminary and will likely be revised higher as the IEA is notorious for underestimating historic demand growth and has a history of substantial upward revisions. In addition, the fact that global GDP growth in 2016 was the slowest since the financial crisis, was a factor that could have weighted on 2016 demand to some extent.
Going forward, the IMF study argues for an acceleration in oil demand growth over the long term should prices remain low, and with shale oil potentially capping oil prices in the $60 range, the impact of this oil collapse on oil demand is likely to be sustained for an extended period of time. The fact that oil demand accelerates with time in a low oil price environment is consistent with the fact that personal and industrial users take time to fully adjust for a lower oil price environment. Whether upgrading to a bigger car, or moving further way from the city, or constructing a new petrochemical plant, these decisions take time before they flow into oil demand statistics.
What Electric Cars?
One of the most powerful arguments against sustained oil demand growth is the ongoing and expected growth in the electric car market, a trend driven by two powerful forces: innovation and policy support. The former remains in full force; however policy support is questionable in the Trump era (34 percent of the global EV car fleet is in the U.S.). The Paris climate deal aims to have 100 million electric cars on the road by 2030 or roughly 6.6 percent of the expected car fleet in the world by then, such target equates to a 100-fold increase in the global EVs stock. These numbers sound impressive except for the fact that they have a negligible impact on global oil demand.
(Click to enlarge)
(Source: BP)
According to BP's long term energy outlook, the introduction of 100m electric cars on the road by 2035 will only reduce global oil demand growth by 1.2 million barrels. This is a miniscule number when applied over the entire forecast period. This is not to mention achieving the 100 million EV cars goal by the 2030s is highly uncertain, with both the U.S. and China reducing and eliminating EV subsidies, the former due to a forthcoming change of policy and the latter due to rampant green subsidy fraud, this goal is ever less certain. It's worth noting that the Obama administration invested heavily since 2009 to achieve a goal of 1 million electric cars on U.S. roads by 2015, and ended up meeting only 40 percent of this target (and this is if we include 200,000 Plugs in Hybrids).
In a nutshell. EVs are a red herring. By far the most important variable on passenger cars oil demand is changes in fuel efficiency standards. In this area, the United States is a clear laggard:
(Source: OPEC)
As can be seen from the above, passenger cars fuel consumption in the United States and Canada is materially higher than the average consumption in other developed markets such as Europe and OECD Asia. Thus, the scope of for fuel efficiency improvement is the largest in North America. The extent of this fuel efficiency improvement is now in question in light of the election of Donald Trump. A stalling or a reversal in U.S. fuel (CAFE) standards could theoretically eliminate the totality of the global fuel savings gained by the introduction of 100 million electric cars.
Reversal or slowdown in car fuel efficiency is not just a potential U.S. phenomenon. Since the 1990s Europe, doubled down on diesel cars due to their 15 percent to 30 percent better fuel millage vs. gasoline cars. The support for diesel cars ranged from lowering taxes on diesel to preferential tax treatment. Favoring diesel over gasoline lead to diesel cars in Europe increasing their market share from 10 percent of the car fleet in the mid-90s to 55 percent at their peak in 2012. This trend has changed after the Volkswagen scandal, as it became evident that diesel cars are more polluting. The pro-diesel policy was abandoned in favor of EVs and hybrid cars. However, despite the emerging policy support for EVs, less polluting and less efficient gasoline cars stand to gain in market share in Europe at the expense of diesel over the medium term, which in turn has an impact on the European car fleet efficiency.
Outside of EVs and fuel standards, what's driving oil demand in the passenger car sector is the sheer number of passenger cars set to hit the road over the next 20 years, with the total car fleet growing from 1B cars today to 2B cars by 2040:
(Source: OPEC)
The majority of the projected car ownership increase will take place in the developing world where car ownership per capita remains substantially below that of the OECD countries. 80 percent of the world population still lives outside of the OECD countries.
It's not all about cars
What's often forgotten in the discussion about oil demand is that passenger cars present only 20 percent of global oil demand:
(Click to enlarge)
(Source: BP)
Analyzing oil demand by focusing solely on 20 percent of the market is bound to yield misleading results. Oil demand is driven by a myriad of structural factors most of which are tied to industrialization, global commerce, improving living standards and marine, air and truck transport. These forces are not subject to speculation on EV penetration. Statoil, by far the most conservative forecaster of future oil demand and the oil major most bullish on EV penetration (17 percent of the global car fleet by 2030) still expects oil demand to reach 106 million by 2030. Specifically referring to non-transport oil demand, Statoil states:
Given the outlook of decelerating oil demand growth in the transport sector, the non-energy sector, where petro-chemicals represent the lion's share, becomes the most rapid growing sector for oil. Demand growth for petrochemical products is expected to remain high and the potential for energy efficiency is relatively limited. Therefore, demand for petrochemical feedstock rises steadily, from 15 mbd in 2015 to about 24-27 mbd by 2040, dependent on the scenario. Related: Will Tesla's $2.6 Billion SolarCity Gamble Pay Off?
As a matter of fact, just recently the Asian Development Bank issued a report urging Asian nations to double infrastructure spending to $1.7 trillion per year, for a total of $26 trillion by 2030. Such recommendation if followed, will have a far more material impact on oil demand in the coming years than any new EV model companies such as Tesla may bring to the market.
Low levels of car ownership, and lagging industrialization continue to place per capita oil consumption in Non-OECD countries far below those in the OECD:
(Click to enlarge)
(Source: World Oil and Gas Review)
With the majority of the world population still residing in non-OECD countries, and the remaining massive gap in per capita oil consumption in the OECD (13.19 barrels) vs. Non-OECD (2.92 barrels), we can easily see a path for much higher demand for many years to come. As a matter of fact, despite a 2.2 barrels decline in OECD per capita oil consumption from 2000 to 2015, global oil demand still increased from 77 million barrels in 2000 to 95 million barrels in 2015. This can be traced to the 0.8 barrels increase in non-OECD per capita consumption, a powerful testament to the powerful impact non-OECD oil demand growth can have on global oil demand.
Conclusion
Oil investors, executives and forecasters have been gun shy in their oil demand projections, the constant barrage of negative oil headlines and the politically sensitive nature of being disposed favorably toward oil after years of green indoctrination has skewed the debate. A friend of mine who attended the International Petroleum Week event in London reported a sense of gloom and lack of confidence about future oil demand by the people who are supposed to insure sufficient investments to insure adequate oil supply. Yet, despite the rampant skepticism reality says otherwise, demand growth over the last two years has been the best since the mid-2000s (barring the 2010 oil demand rebound from the financial crisis). In the United States, the Trump administration is adopting a pro-fossil fuel policy, while considering an ambitious infrastructure and tax plan that could accelerate U.S. growth to 3 percent growth over the coming years. Meanwhile, Europe is experiencing a growth renaissance spurred by an easy monetary policy and low euro. China is tugging along despite yearly predictions of impeding economic collapse, and India continue to plow ahead under a determined Modi leadership. Furthermore, the recent price rebound in a number of commodities should have a favourable impact on the economy of commodity exporters such as Brazil and South Africa. Besides a more bullish global GDP outlook, the oil industry itself is a large consumer of oil due to the energy intensive nature of developing unconventional oil resources. A rebound in oil prices to the $60s range, should help spur oil demand in oil producing countries and regions.
Oil at $60-$70 could prove to be a sort of Goldilocks price where both demand and supply find a healthy balance, a rise in prices much above these levels could reverse some of the positive demand drivers discussed in this article, and could prove self-defeating for the long-term health of the oil industry. This is where shale oil could play a constructive role in keeping the market well supplied and prices reasonable in the face of solid demand growth. Many view shale oil as an unwelcome guest on the global oil scene. Yet, it's the arrival of shale oil, and the resulting moderation in oil prices that's at the core of this rejuvenated global oil demand growth.
According to the IEA data, in the last two years, OECD oil demand switched from an average annual decline of 300,000 barrels to 450,000 barrels growth. The dynamics governing U.S. oil demand in particular might prove sufficient for OECD oil demand growth to maintain its positive trajectory over the next several years. Healthy OECD oil demand combined with structural oil demand growth of 1.2 million to 1.5 million in non-OECD countries could generate 5 million barrels in additional oil demand between 2018-2020, this is on top of the 5 million barrels or so in demand growth witnessed since the outset of the oil crisis. To borrow a line from the IEA, such buoyant growth would have seemed unfathomable a few years ago.
By Nawar Alsaadi for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
Julian Rose
“Yea, well, when you think about it our present way of life isn't that bad really. Look, I've still got a car right? We've got two TV sets and a good stash of beer in the fridge. Its only a twenty minute drive to our nearest supermarket and the stuff there's pretty cheap really. The freezer's almost full and the cat doesn't go hungry either. Yea, I agree that the government's pretty crap and fuelling the car is definitely hitting my wallet. But look, I'm able to hold down a couple of part time jobs . . . and it's enough to keep us going and get a holiday once in a while, so why rock the boat any more?
Fast forward some 2,000 years. Calls to embrace civil resistance and to depose the tyrants who hold mankind in a state of slavery are largely ignored.
They claimed that they were relatively well housed and fed by the Pharoah – and even if the daily work was hard, it was preferable to face the unknown consequences of a long walk in the wilderness as the price to pay for freedom.
Remember the Old Testament story of Moses trying to free the Children of Israel from the slavery imposed by the Pharoah? Well, as much as Moses tried to help the Children of Israel break the chains of oppression, they simply didn't want to take the steps necessary to free themselves from bondage.
Yeah, I know the jails are full and the cops are behaving something rotten these days. We're being watched a lot too . . . and that's not good . . . and why the hell do we still have troops in Afghanistan?
Heh! Did you see the game last night? Hell of match eh?”
As the tremors of change fill the air and shake the ground with increasing regularity, human reactions seem increasingly polarised. One set of responses is to hunker down, avert the eyes, close the ears and try to pretend that everything's pretty much okay. Another is to express increasing alarm and increasing fear about where it is all leading: the “Did you see? Did you read? Did you hear?” syndrome. It is to all our misfortunes that that these two reactions to the current state of play on our planet remain the predominant response.
The third way: to look the situation in the eye, to calmly assess the reality and then to take action to prevent a disaster and/or to set out a solution, remains a minority response.
That which is holding back the revolution required to radically redress the top-down enslavement of humanity and the destruction of our planetary resource base seems to hinge on three conditions:
Too many people are too comfortable and prefer to believe what the propaganda machine tells them. Too many people are too uncomfortable and remain preoccupied with a basic level of survival. Too many people remain indifferent or afraid and shut themselves off from the potential to change.
The ‘too comfortable' are those able to hermetically seal themselves away from the plight of our planet, using money as their main insulation material. Within our Western society these people belong not just to the elite 1% but more probably to the 20 or 30% who still hold down jobs capable of providing them with above-average incomes. They are mostly on the infamous ‘keeping up with the neighbours' social ladder which demands constant engagement with image and the appearance of wealth. ‘Must haves' for these people include: the new car, the bourgeois residence, the right clothes, the Roundup weed free garden, the latest TV, iPod and the right circle of friends who also reflect broadly the same aspirations.
Not so long ago these people were called ‘the bourgeoisie' and most looked to their way of life as a salvation from the daily grind of life on the factory or shop floor, or even among the spreading fields of modern farming practices. Some semblance of this bourgeoisie seems still to be manifesting itself.
However, it lacks its old self confidence and is now visibly fraying around the edges. Financial insecurity has eaten into the once predictable pathway to ‘bettering oneself' and a bourgeois future for the children is costing more and more to set up. ‘The proper' wedding alone calls for a minimum outlay of at least $20,000.
The social climbers have their focus set on the maintenance of a cosmetic and vacuous lifestyle which, as far as possible, means remaining untouched by the ragged reality of a world on the edge of breakdown.
They are complicit in deliberately avoiding dealing with the excesses of their lifestyle or confronting the repercussions which these excesses throw up. They coolly disregard the fact that we live on a sentient planet being daily raped of its finite resources specifically to make possible their senseless way of life.
As if living on another planet, those who are ‘too uncomfortable' struggle to get by with little or no security as to how they will make ends meet for more than a few days at a time. These people, and they are increasing in number all the time, have already been ejected from a life of reasonable comfort due to the criminal activities of a combination of corporate and government greed, largely orchestrated by the 1% and the Illuminati henchmen out to get their thieving hands on the collective wealth of all straightforward working people.
All across the Western world, those who have worked hard to get a roof over their heads and some reasonable heat and power into their living rooms, are being squeezed out of existence by the relentless rising costs associated with maintaining a home in some reasonable state of comfort.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Costs over which the majority have little or no control and which have their origins in Western fomented geopolitical military intervention in some distant land and in the unfettered bonus packages awarded to the CEOs of household corporate providers. Only a small percentage of such costs are based on a genuine scarcity of resources or elevated costs of production. And of course they are rendered even more problematical when there is also a mortgage to pay off on the home.
As the rate of homelessness continues to rise, so is the machinery of State less and less able to cope. The State has had the means to look after the homeless stolen by the corporate and banking gangsters who stringently avoid paying state taxes by stashing their vast wealth away in off-shore tax havens or by other devious means. So it remains for the working man and woman to subsidize the safety net which they themselves are desperately close to needing.
All this, coupled as it is to a sinister covert plan to deliberately bring down the global financial system, is combining to produce a fin de siecle type crisis which spells the end of civilisation as we know it. Those who are unable to know where tomorrow's bread and butter are coming from, quite literally lack the energy and means to foment the revolution which surely should have happened by now. A revolution to take back the dignity and self affirmation that would eventually give all those suffering in this way genuine security, hope and solid aspiration to a better life. But with the ‘too comfortable' aspiring bourgeoisie turning their backs on on all those less well-off, and the super rich virtually 100% insulated against the dilemmas of all sentient mortals, the incitement for radical change remains effectively anaesthetized.
So this leaves the main change-making work to those of us who are fortunate enough to have somehow escaped, avoided or seen beyond the standard propaganda fed status quo recipe for life.
How many might fit such a description?
It's very hard to say, but let us say around 10% – and of course the situation remains fluid, with awareness growing almost in counterpoint with the intensification of disinformation, phony propaganda and police state-style, top-down impositions.
Virtually every day we learn more about the techniques being used to try and keep us from coming together to take collective control of our destinies. We now know that most of the food on offer on supermarket shelves is unfit to eat. We know our water supplies are being tampered with. We know about HAARP's violent manipulation of the earth's energy field. We see the chemtrails being laid across our skies. We find out that the masts which stream the messages to our cell phones (I no longer use one) act as a distribution network for the electromagnetic smog which addles our brains.
We recognize more and more how ‘the system' tries to impose a state of fear and upheaval in people's lives so that they ultimately succumb to shock created acquiescence and, as a consequence, seek ‘protection' from whoever might seem to be offering it. And we note that it is the Illuminati who most generously offer such protection – in the form of a one world army, a one world government, a central global banking cartel and a few all-powerful corporations providing our food, power and education.
Yes, we are now close, perhaps very close, to recognising the true scale of the tyranny being imposed upon upon our planet. And at this point we wonder how far there still is to go before the tipping point is reached and the psychotic empire builders are no longer able to maintain their hypnotic control over the majority of mankind; and the slaves no longer able to pretend that “its all going to be okay.”
Trying to put a date on such a key turning point is a pointless pursuit. It has an illusive way of never conforming to cosmological interpretation or to man-made prediction. Our only way forward is to treat each barrier presented to us as a fresh challenge to our own inner strength and sense of purpose. To see each closed door as a door that needs opening. To see each crazed imposition as just another sterile attempt to lock us into the cage of fear. Then we also need to be prepared for the worst: a near total collapse of the money supply, the grid and the food distribution system.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! We cannot be amongst ‘the pretenders' who imagine that such an event could never happen. It's more than possible that it will, and we will need to be able to demonstrate leadership if and when it does. For city dwellers, this means selling the apartment/house and getting out of the city now. Finding some fertile ground and learning to grow food, harvest rainwater and utilize renewable energy resources. Or teaming up with friends who already have access to such resources and are willing to share them. This is all part of the bigger change which must happen anyway; however, when it takes the form described above, it becomes a revolution by absolute necessity, not by choice. If it isn't a New World Order/Illuminati-induced collapse, then it may well be a weather induced one, or indeed a combination of the two. Whatever it is, our response demands courage. With this courage comes a rising confidence in our ability to overcome that which impedes us and then to join forces with others who are on the same journey. Its a journey to free our World from those who cannot, or will not, recognise planet earth for the jewel it is; but instead only see it, and us, as a mine to be exploited until nothing of value remains. Onward my friends, onward. We are on a march which must end in victory, and it is a great road to travel. By the time our hour comes, we will be lighter, brighter and more alive than we ever were before the forces of darkness imposed their sterile agenda upon our winding evolutionary path. As the poet William Blake wrote some two hundred years ago: “Improvements make straight roads, but the crooked roads without improvement, are the roads of genius.” We only need to remind ourselves that we were born to travel this road of genius and we don't intend to get off it. Julian is a British pioneer organic farmer, writer and activist. He is currently president of the ‘International Coalition to Protect the Polish Countryside' which is leading the fight against GMO in Poland. He is author of “Changing Course for Life – Local Solutions to Global Problems” www.changingcourseforlife.info Read other articles by Julian Rose here.
You can support this information by voting on Reddit:
http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/sytop/why_hasnt_the_revolution_already_happened/ var linkwithin_site_id = 557381; linkwithin_text='Related Articles:'
The other night, Jess and I were hanging out at our place with a few of our girlfriends. After some very serious conversations about dinosaurs (I still can't get over the fact that Raptors had feathers…damn you, Jurassic Park for screwing me up for life!) and bowel movements (yes, not only do we poop, but we talk about it too), we got onto the topic of relationships.
This unfaltering topic came up because one of my girlfriends just started seeing a new guy who is awesome, and things between them have been going very awesomely so far (he surely isn't in any of the Dudes We've Dated categories!). She even met this awesome guy that things are going very awesomely with online, so hey, there's even more awesomeness going around as it gives hope to the rest of us suckers who are still trudging through the not-so-awesome trenches of Plenty of Freaks or OKStupid.
But even though things are going awesomely with Mr. Awesome, my friend can't help but hold onto a slight fear that she won't be able to fully get over her ex, therefore denying this new relationship the shot it truly deserves. Even though her and her ex broke up over a year ago now, and have had little to no communication (aside from the obligatory happy birthday on their respective days), she still feels a connection with him and this frustrates her. After hearing her out, one by one the rest of us in the room told her we actually feel the same way for one of our own exes. And like her, even though enough time has passed since we all split from them, we still feel we are holding onto our exes with this sense of hope that perhaps one day, our paths will cross again, the stars will align and monkeys wearing gold suits will fly by on magic carpets, singing, “I Will Always Love You”, all the while juggling ostrich eggs in between hand stands.
Or well, something along those lines anyway.
But, all monkey business aside, this made us realize that even though there is a serious (and I'm talking SERIOUS) societal pressure for people who break up with other people to get over those people A-SAP, I just don't think that's how this whole break up thing works. I split up with my ex roughly two years ago, and as hard as I try, I can't entirely shake the man. I sometimes have dreams about him; I sometimes wonder as I'm slipping into my stretchy pants to run out to the store to get a slurpee and a pack of SmartFood Popcorn if this will be the day I run into him. And for a very, very long time, I've been beating myself up about these thoughts – making myself feel like a pathetic fool for still caring about him.
But, and I ask all of you out there in the bloggersphere, is it really that wrong to still care about a person that I once shared my life with? To still wonder about a person that was the closest to me in this entire world for a point in my life? We are told to “Liv and let die”, but can we? I'm going to finally allow myself to admit what I've been feeling this entire time: no.
I don't know why people that mourn their past relationships are instantly lumped into the category of “crazy” (and I will add this labelled is intensified if the bearer is a woman). Why we are expected to “move on” and “get over it” once we break up with someone we care about, is beyond me. I will go so far to say that I don't think we ever get over it.
I think we just learn to accept it better, and with time, the memories of why you cared about that person so much in the first place start to fade, making it just a little bit easier; and then, even their face starts to fade. And then you carry a whole new type of sadness – one that comes with the realization that that person is truly no longer in your life.
But I guess that's how it goes.
And that's really okay. Because then you're prepared for when you love someone again; you've got a Swiss Army knife of been-there-done-that emotions, and you have a better understanding of how to handle those emotions when they're fired up. And that's a really, really good thing.
So why did I want to share this with you all? Well, it helped me to hear that I was not alone. When my girlfriends were all nodding in agreement, it made me feel human. It turned the “you're crazy” mutters to myself to mute, even if just momentarily. So I thought, there has to be more of us out there, lurking in dark corners…just waiting to disturb people with our endless emotion (gross). And if I am right on that fact, I hope you too feel comfort in knowing you're not alone. You now have a crazy, anonymous chick that talks about poop with her girlfriends from the internet feeling the same way you do – and isn't that just inspiring?!
Yaaaaa, I knew it.
– Liv
Advertisements
With the terror threat across the world higher than ever before, people in every country are frightened that they might be the next target of the Muslim fundamentalist group known as ISIS or so-called Islamic State. But not everyone is afraid. In fact, there are hundreds of thousands of armed and dangerous young men in America looking forward to facing them – The united ‘supergang' of the Crips and Bloods.
The two gangs, who have always been sworn enemies and rivals, spectacularly announced that they had merged in order to create a people's army that plan to attack ISIS. And in their own back garden too.
Their plan? It's thought that they intend to rent a cruise ship, sail into the port of Al-Raqqah, charge the city and attack ISIS in a nighttime raid.
Elected spokesperson for the new supergroup, a former Crip known as G Train, spoke to a gathering of journalists in front of a large gathering of united Crips and Bloods. He said this about the union and their plans for taking on so-called Islamic State:
“These Islamic State n*ggas say they gonna be coming over here, bombing our territory? Killing our American niggas? N*gga, please… These goat-hearding motherf*ckas need to check their heads. For real. That shit in Paris ain't happening in LA, you feel me?”
“No b*tch a*s suicide-bombing motherf*ckas are coming over here killing n*ggas. We gonna strike first, wipe these p*ssies off the map. We're putting all our differences and all the sh*t of the past behind us. The Crips and the Bloods are one. And we f*cking ISIS in the*s. These n*ggas best be scared, know what I'm saying?”
“We're sick o' these Middle East raghead motherf*ckin' terrorist ISIS/Al-Qaedas thinking they the real deal. They just a bunch of cowardly lil' b*tches. These n*ggas ain't hard. We the real gangstas of the world!” G Train goes on.
As he shouted that last sentence into the mic, a hail of bullets were fired up into the air form the gathered troops and the opening bars of ‘Straight Outta Compton' blared out of a huge boom box. These boys mean business. ISIS – look out…
After countless years of play, the game of draughts was finally perfected in 2007. Jonathan Schaeffer, a professor of computing science at the University of Alberta, was the man who did it. He wrote a program named Chinook, which worked out that given perfect play by both sides, draughts always ends in a draw, regardless of the opening moves. The ancient Greeks played draughts or, at least, something rather like it. So did the Romans. It took Schaeffer a little under 20 years of work to bring the game to a terminal point. What he has done can't be improved upon by man, machine, or a combination of the two.
In sport we tend to expect relentless improvement. Faster, higher, stronger. So the running records fall and the jumping records stretch as techniques are enhanced, training is intensified and superior science is applied. But Glenn Fleisig, the research director at the American Sports Medicine Institute, has said this week that baseball pitchers are now operating at their absolute physical limit and that no one should expect to far outstrip what is currently the quickest pitch, the 105.1mph fastball thrown by the Cincinnati Reds reliever Aroldis Chapman in 2010.
The same is true, Fleisig says, in cricket. The likelihood is that the fastest ball that will ever be bowled has already been delivered. Which will please Shoaib Akhtar, listed as the quickest by the Guinness Book of Records, if not the Wisden Almanack, which refuses to record such vulgar things. Shoaib's famous delivery was bowled to Nick Knight in a group match during the 2003 World Cup. Knight nudged it around the corner for a simple single. "What did it feel like to face?" he was asked afterwards. "About 78mph."
Some think the gun that clocked it may have been cooked. There was a lot of hype about the race between Shoaib and Brett Lee to become the first man to bowl at 100mph, and the hoopla helped sell the tournament. The trouble is the technology used to clock bowling speeds is infamously imprecise, subject to wild inconsistencies and the whims of TV companies. Hawk-Eye once had Morne Morkel bowling at 108mph in the IPL. They had to issue a retraction after the match.
It's true too that the speed gun only registers the time it takes the ball to get from one end of the wicket to the other. It doesn't take into account how far it travels in between. Which is why taller bowlers – who release the ball from a much higher point and then make it bounce more steeply – are invariably timed as being slower than shorter, skiddier, bowlers. The ball travels further on the vertical plane before it reaches the batsman. It's still a better method than the one once used in baseball, where fastball pitcher Bob Feller was made to throw the ball as he was overtaken by a speeding Harley-Davidson. The ball beat the bike to the finish by three feet.
All of which means speed is not only something you measure on a gun, but see in the reactions of the batsmen. And that it is impossible to say precisely how fast the speed limit is. Something, it seems, up around 100mph or just under, a mark that has been reached by Shoaib, Lee and Shaun Tait. And, long before them, Jeff Thomson too, whose speed was measured frame-by-frame on recorded film and worked out at 99.6mph, a little more than Andy Roberts managed in the same test. The top speed, then, has barely changed in the course of three decades. And the odds are that Frank Tyson, perhaps even Harold Larwood when he bent his back, would have achieved similar figures in the high 90s had they been tested when they were bowling. Which seems curious, out of kilter with the kind of progression you may expect in other sports.
Fleisig says it is because of physiology and the constraints put on bowlers by frail tendons and ligaments. Bowlers may be fitter now than they ever were, certainly many are stronger. But Fleisig says that while muscles can be grown, the connecting tissue can only be marginally strengthened. "As muscles get stronger and technique gets better, then humans will go faster, but at some point ligaments and tendons will say 'that's all I can do'. Every sport has its physical limit."
In fact, if anything, bowling speeds seem to be regressing. Mike Brearley wrote a piece in the Times this summer about the homogenisation of speed, pointing out that in the Ashes "eight or nine fast bowlers played" and all averaged in the mid-80s. "Against most of them, for almost all the time, you wouldn't fear injury," Brearley wrote. "Where are the 90mph-plus men?" There were two right there in front of him, in Stuart Broad and Ryan Harris, but each tended to stick in a lower gear, only slipping into the red of the speedometer when the situation demanded it or their adrenaline commanded it, as on the final day of the fourth Test at Chester-le-Street.
Speed alone has never been enough, but now it seems to be almost actively discouraged. Steven Finn, England's quickest, has taken his wickets at a better strike rate than any of his regular team-mates since he made his Test debut (one every 48 balls, as opposed to one every 56 for Broad and Jimmy Anderson, and one every 64 for Tim Bresnan). But he's a lush, too expensive, and England like to bowl dry. Even Finn isn't in the very top rank of quicks. Thomson, for one, would scoff if you said he was anything like as fast as he once was. He may allow you Lee, Shoaib, Tait and perhaps Lasith Malinga, all four of whom ended up quitting Test cricket to concentrate on playing the one-day and T20 game.
There's the rub. As Fleisig says, bowling fast puts such a strain on the body that very few players are capable of sustaining high speeds over the course of successive five-day matches. Quicks increasingly prefer to play limited-overs games, where they can perform in short, discrete spells. Even those who do persist with Test cricket, such as Mitchell Johnson and Fidel Edwards, find themselves in and out of their sides, hamstrung by injury or a lack of control. Dale Steyn is the only exception and, like Broad and Harris, he increasingly tends to bowl well within himself.
That mindset has been passed down by coaches, who see the perfect action as being the one that bears the most repetition while minimising the risk of injury and maximising the degree of control. As Brearley says, Test cricket is poorer for it, stripped as it is of the physical threat to the batsman and robbed of one its most exciting elements. But bowlers have longer careers as a consequence. Fans and players love to argue about who was the fastest. That's a debate that can't be settled. But it is clear that you won't find many contenders in this day and age. We are in a time of tortoises, not hares. The perfectly fast action, like the perfect game of draughts, is a thing of the past, a target players have long since stopped pursuing.
• This is an extract taken from the Spin, the Guardian's weekly take on the world of cricket. Sign up for your free copy here.
FILE - In this 1998 file photo made available on March 19, 2004, Osama bin Laden is seen at a news conference in Khost, Afghanistan. Never-before seen video of Osama bin Laden's son and potential successor was released Nov. 1, 2017, by the CIA in a trove of material recovered during the May 2011 raid that killed the al-Qaida leader at his compound in Pakistan. The video offers the first public look at Hamza bin Laden as an adult. Until now, the public has only seen childhood pictures of him. In recent years, al-Qaida has released audio messages from Hamza bin Laden. (AP Photo/Mazhar Ali Khan, File)
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — A journal made public by the CIA and apparently handwritten by one of Osama bin Laden's daughters offers a glimpse into how the al-Qaida leader viewed the world around him and reveals his deep interest in the 2011 Arab Spring revolutions unfolding in the months before he was killed in a U.S. raid.
He talks about Libya becoming a pathway for jihadis to Europe; of his visit as a youth to William Shakespeare's home in Britain; of how quickly turmoil had gripped the Middle East.
The 228-page journal meanders among discussions, thoughts and reflections bin Laden shared with his family about how to exploit the uprisings, what to make of the rapid changes unfolding in the Arab world and when al-Qaida should speak out.
“This chaos and the absence of leadership in the revolutions is the best environment to spread al-Qaida's thoughts and ideas,” bin Laden is quoted as telling his family in the document.
Bin Laden's wife, referred to as Um Hamza, assures him that a tape he released seven years earlier calling out the rulers of the region as unfit could be one of the major forces behind the Arab Spring protests roiling the region.
The Associated Press examined a copy of the journal uploaded by the Long War Journal to its website. The CIA released it Wednesday as part of a trove of material recovered during the May 2011 raid that killed bin Laden, then took down the files, saying they were “temporarily unavailable pending resolution of a technical issue.”
The journal appears to cover conversations between bin Laden and his daughters, Miriam and Somiya, his wife and his sons, Khaled and Hamza — the latter of whom would become a potential successor to lead the group his father founded.
The journal is titled, “Special diaries for Abu Abdullah: Sheikh Abdullah's points of view — A session with the family,” which refers to bin Laden by his traditional Arabic name. The conversations took place between February and April 2011, with the journal entries dated according to the Islamic calendar.
During that time, uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt had ousted longtime autocratic rulers, touching off protests in Libya, Yemen, Bahrain and Syria. The Middle East was on the cusp of unstoppable change, chaos and turmoil.
The following message will be displayed to users with unsupported browsers: Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later. Source: FDD's Long War Journal
In Libya, the uprising would end with Moammar Gadhafi's death months after bin Laden was killed. In Yemen, al-Qaida would gain a greater foothold and remain active amid the chaos of war and famine. In Bahrain, the Sunni-led monarchy would launch a crackdown on the country's Shiite majority. In Syria, the government's lethal response to a protest by schoolchildren in early 2011 would spark mass protests and ignite a war and massive refugee crisis that continues today.
The reflections, jotted at times in blue ink and others in red, refer repeatedly to media reports of what was happening across the region.
At one point, they criticize Al-Jazeera TV's broadcast of gruesome images from a deadly protest in Yemen, saying a warning should have been given to shield children from viewing them. However, the Qatari-backed channel is also hailed for “working on toppling regimes” and for “carrying the banner of the revolutions.”
Bin Laden appears concerned by the speed of some of the region's revolts, believing that a gradual approach would help avoid the backlash of a counter-revolution as regime figures sought to hold onto power at all cost.
“I am upset by the timing of the revolutions. We told them to slow down,” bin Laden is quoted as saying, though it's not entirely clear which countries he is referring to.
On Libya, bin Laden says he believes the uprising “has opened the door for jihadists.”
“This is why Gadhafi and his son say that the extremists will come from the sea, which will be an area of operation for al-Qaida. This will be the Somalia of the Mediterranean,” he is quoted as saying.
Still, bin Laden appears reluctant to issue a statement in support of Islamists in Libya for fear that if Gadhafi is ousted, the U.S. will try to expand its footprint there.
Yemen is a primary focus of the journal entries. Al-Qaida's branch there is among its most active in the world and the journal suggests al-Qaida was plotting an assassination attempt against Yemen's embattled ruler at the time, Ali Abdullah Saleh.
There is little indication that the writer had much information about what was happening in the region beyond what was reported in the media. This could indicate that bin Laden had become isolated in his final months hiding out in Abbottabad, Pakistan, where U.S. forces would find and kill him a little over a month later. Or it could also be that bin Laden was shielding his relatives from al-Qaida intelligence.
In the early pages of the document, bin Laden is asked about his thoughts on jihad, and replies that he first considered it “in secondary school.”
He says this was a result of his home and school environment. Separately, he describes his father as a pious man.
“There wasn't a particular group that was guiding me, like the Muslim Brotherhood,” he is quoted as saying.
From a young age, he appeared to be unfazed by worldly spoils, recounting a story about declining a new watch from his wealthy father.
He recalls a summer spent studying in the U.K. when he was 14, including a visit to the home of Shakespeare. His time in Britain left him feeling uneasy and he decided not to return the following summer.
“I saw that they were a society different from ours and that they were morally corrupt,” he says.
Bin Laden imagines that Saudi Arabia would soon feel the “tsunami” of change sweeping the region. The late al-Qaida chief held Saudi citizenship until the early 1990s, before he was stripped of his nationality by the government.
He talks about wanting to deliver a message to Saudi youth and Saudi rulers: “The flood is coming and it will lead to a change so there is no need for violence.”
___
Michael and Badr reported from Cairo, Salaheddin from Baghdad and Harb from Dubai.
Post-nuclear war, mutant-killing video games are not Christine McMillan's thing.
But the 86-year-old from Ontario has been warned she could have to pay up to $5,000 for illegally downloading a game she'd never heard of.
She is one of likely tens of thousands of Canadians who have received notices to pay up, whether they are guilty or not.
"I found it quite shocking … I'm 86 years old, no one has access to my computer but me, why would I download a war game?" McMillan told Go Public.
In May, she received two emails forwarded by her internet provider.
They were from a private company called Canadian Intellectual Property Rights Enforcement (CANIPRE) claiming she had illegally downloaded Metro 2033, a first-person shooter game where nuclear war survivors have to kill mutants.​
McMillan's IP address, the string of numbers that identifies each computer communicating over a network, was used to download the game. McMillan has an adult grandson, but he doesn't have access to the computer.
'Foolish' legislation
At first, she thought it was a scam.
"They didn't tell me how much I owed, they only told me that if I didn't comply, I would be liable for a fine of up to $5,000 and I could pay immediately by entering my credit card number."
McMillan called Cogeco, her internet service provider, and discovered the emails were perfectly legal under the federal government's Notice and Notice regulations introduced last year under the Copyright Modernization Act.
The law requires internet providers to forward copyright infringement notices to customers suspected of illegally downloading content like video games and movies.
McMillan says the federal government's rules on internet copyright seem to be 'a very foolish piece of legislation.' (CBC)
Customers are identified only through their IP address. The service provider does not disclose any personal information to the copyright enforcers.
The goal is to give copyright holders a quick and easy way to notify users of alleged copyright infringement taking place at their internet address.
The result has been a flood of notices to suspected offenders from anti-piracy companies asking them to pay a settlement fee.
Metro 2033 is the apocalyptic first-person shooter video game McMillan is accused of illegally downloading. (KochMedia)
Copyright holders, such as video game developers and film studios, are hiring third-party companies like CANIPRE to collect settlement money for alleged illegal downloads.
"It seems to be a very foolish piece of legislation," McMillan said.
"That somebody can threaten you over the internet … that to me is intimidation and I can't believe the government would support such action."
Company says it's 'helping clients'
The owner of CANIPRE told Go Public he gets 400 calls and emails from people on a busy day and "most of them" settle.
"Ultimately, we are helping our clients get their educational message out about anti-piracy and theft of content and how it harms them and their rightful marketplace," Barry Logan said.
When asked about the wording that McMillan found threatening, Logan said his company ran the language by lawyers and it's legal.
He says his company has collected about $500,000 for its clients since the Notice and Notice regime started almost two years ago.
Go Public showed Christine McMillan the video game Metro 2033 for the first time. Watch her reaction:
Post nuclear war zombie killing video games are not Christine McMillan's thing. But the 86-year-old is being asked to pay as much as $5,000 for illegally downloading a game she'd never heard of. She is one of likely tens of thousands of Canadians getting notices to pay up, whether they are guilty or not. 0:30
Logan won't say how many files were settled, for how much, or what percentage his company earns.
None of the big internet service providers (Shaw, Rogers, Bell and Telus) are willing to say how many notices are being forwarded to their customers.
A smaller Canadian-based provider, TekSavvy, reported earlier this year it sends out about 5,000 notices a day and has fewer than 300,000 subscribers.
'Dragnet cash grab'
Network security analyst and technology expert Wil Knoll calls it a "dragnet cash grab."
"It's preying on people that don't necessarily understand the system or the technology that surrounds it," he said, "and they're willing to pay out of court because they're scared."
Knoll says because McMillan lives in an apartment, someone could have accessed her unsecured wireless connection, then downloaded the game using her IP address.
Network security analyst Wil Knoll says even secured internet connections can be hacked, making it 'nearly impossible' to link a person with an IP address. (CBC)
He says even secured connections can be hacked.
"It's very hard then to correlate, or nearly impossible, to correlate from that IP address to any individual that's inside the house, or to prove it forensically," he said.
"Especially if these infractions are happening months and months and months ago."
Calls for reform
Critics say the law needs to be revamped so Canadians understand their rights.
Intellectual property lawyer David Fewer says "consumers aren't used to getting these kinds of demands in any other context."
"It can be demands for thousands of dollars, it can be threats that, you know, you're gonna be taken to court, these are all things that are genuinely frightening."
Fewer, who is the director of the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic, says the legislation should include a form letter that doesn't threaten legal action or demand cash and lists specific penalty amounts.
"If you do it by sending enough scary letters and making enough demands," Fewer said, "and if enough people are panicked or it's worth it to them to regain their sanity and their peace of mind, then it becomes a profitable venture for the parties making those demands."
David Fewer, director of the Canadian Internet Policy and Public Interest Clinic, says the legislation should include a form letter that doesn't demand cash. (CBC)
But Fewer warns that rarely do these companies "accept a settlement offer that's close to their actual damages. What they're looking for is the big payout, it's the big payout that sustains the business model."
What's tricky, he says, is determining legitimate penalties, since no cases involving the Notice and Notice regime have been settled in court yet.
Fewer says typically damages awarded by the courts in piracy cases range from the cost of the legal purchase of the content to several times that amount, not the $5,000 maximum.
McMillan says she's going to ignore the notices and hope the problem will go away, especially since the alternative of taking her to court would be an expensive endeavour for both sides.
Review set for 2017
Navdeep Bains, minister of innovation, science and economic development, declined Go Public's interview request.
In an email to CBC News, the department says, "Receiving a notice does not necessarily mean that you have in fact infringed copyright or that you will be sued for copyright infringement.
The Notice and Notice regime does not impose any obligations on a subscriber who receives a notice, and it does not require the subscriber to contact the copyright owner or the intermediary. There is no legal obligation to pay any settlement offered by a copyright owner."
It says since the new system kicked in, department officials have been working with copyright owners and internet service providers to make sure it's working and to educate Canadians on how it works.
The next review of Canada's Copyright Act is scheduled for 2017.
Page 1
Coventry's Blitz - Moonlight Sonata
oventry's long history has been shaped by many events, some bringing prosperity; others misfortune. Two particular events have, however, had the most dire consequences; the first being the Operation Moonlight Sonata - but which we in Coventry were more familiar with as "The Blitz". oventry's long history has been shaped by many events, some bringing prosperity; others misfortune. Two particular events have, however, had the most dire consequences; the first being the dissolution of the monasteries of the 16th century; and more recently, during World War Two, the air-raid which the Germans named- but which we in Coventry were more familiar with as
This particular air raid was far more indiscriminate and inhumane than anything our city had ever experienced, and although London had already suffered more bombs and casualties during the previous few months of WWII, it was the concentration of the raid on our relatively small town centre that brought this horrific attack on Coventry to the immediate attention of the whole world. The publicity itself was a break from convention; the results of such an attack were usually kept quiet. However, the Ministry of Information chose this occasion to make use of the press to expose the senseless brutality of the Nazis. The reporting of the destruction of so many homes, and especially the cathedral, soon brought scorn on the enemy from all quarters of the civilised world.
The night of Thursday 14th November 1940, though, was all about Coventry, its people, and how they dealt with it. The next few pages will look at the many aspects of how it deeply affected our city - and how, if it hadn't been for an unfortunate error, the raid might even have been foiled.
Air Raid - Norman Longmate
Most Secret War - R. V. Jones
Coventry at War - David McGrory
The City we Loved - Coventry Corporation
Moonlight Sonata - Tim Lewis
Ruined and Rebuilt - Provost R. T. Howard
Coventry Under Fire - Reverend G. W. Clitheroe
A Night in Little Park Street - J. B. Shelton
Coventry at War - Alton Douglas
Information for this section was taken principally from the following books: -
Despite the devastation of the attack on Coventry that November night, the event was clearly a catalyst for inspiration in later years, and I'm pleased to be able to present here such inspired material....
Songwriter, Greg Harper, has composed a moving ballad about this tragic night, and it can be heard by following this link to November Sky.
Mike Cooper has also composed a great song, and you can hear it being sung by Nigel Cuff via this link to Moonlight Sonata.
Neville Macaulife has also written a beautiful poem called Coventry Rose.
For a progressive album written especially for the Blitz, try The Sonata of Coventry Cathedral by Robert Green.
In conjunction with Robert Green's album release, historian David McGrory made two short videos explaining the Blitz and its aftermath.
Many archive videos of or about Coventry's Blitz are also available to view online, including this selection....
Image copyright India Direct Image caption The 16 students had to return home with toys they were taking for children in India
A group of students has been sent back to the UK after Indian officials said they had the wrong kind of visa to visit a charity they were supporting.
The 16 students and three staff members were refused entry at Chennai Airport by immigration staff even though the school had made three previous visits.
Poynton High School head teacher David Waugh said the school and local community was "shocked and saddened".
Nobody from the Indian High Commission was available for comment.
The school said airport officials claimed the group had no rights to enter the country on their visa because they were going to be undertaking work with a non-governmental organisation.
The group had to return home with the toys and other items it was taking to the children in India.
'Disappointed'
Mr Waugh said: "They were going to play with the children they have helped and paint a mural.
"The staff and students are in a state of tired shock having travelled for 48 hours as a round trip."
Mr Waugh said he had contacted the Indian High Commission to complain but it had just referred him to its website.
He said the Foreign Office is now pursuing the issue with the Indian Government.
The school has raised more than £27,000 since 2005 for a small charity based in Macclesfield called India Direct which has supported building and running two children's homes in India.
India Direct was set up after the Boxing Day tsunami in 2004.
The charity said: "Our hearts go out to this great team of staff and students, who have already made a real difference, and who must be so disappointed."
The pace of new residential construction is picking up in New York City, but it's the west side of the Hudson that is undergoing the region's most dramatic building boom.
On a per-capita basis, Hudson County and Bergen County in New Jersey have issued far more building permits than the five boroughs over the past several years, thanks to strong market demand, significantly lower construction costs, and a willingness of some New Jersey municipalities to seek out and plan for dense, transit-oriented development.
Consider that since January of 2012, nearly 15,000 new building permits were issued in Brooklyn. But if the borough had issued the same number of permits as Hudson County, on a per capita basis, there would have been almost 37,000 permits issued in Brooklyn over that time.
“Many communities in New Jersey that do have access to transit have been very pro-active about zoning for mixed use, higher density, transit-village appropriate development,” said Courtenay Mercer of the Regional Plan Association. “A lot of them recognize this as a great way to promote economic development.”
Brian Stolar of the Pinnacle Companies, a developer active in northern New Jersey, says that many cities want to take advantage of market trends favoring urban living.
“Some of the municipalities are recognizing that one, it's a trend you don't want to get in the way of, and secondly it is good for their own proceeds as a source of revenue.”
While a lot of new development is planned for Jersey City and the “Gold Coast,” there is also a lot of recent activity in cities and towns further inland, like Secaucus, Lyndhurst, the City of Orange, Harrison and Newark. Developers are reacting to strong market demand and are also attracted by lower construction costs than what they would pay in the five boroughs.
“This is a widespread phenomenon outside of the Gold Coast,” said Tim Evans of New Jersey Future, a non-profit group that advocates for transit-oriented development in the state. “It's a real thing. It's not just the cities – it's the older towns.”
Many new residential developments in New Jersey are a result of the state's redevelopment process, in which municipalities declare certain areas in need of redevelopment, develop a new zoning regime for the area, and in some cases acquire or condemn property for redevelopment. The municipality then offers developers tax abatements in the form of “payments in lieu of taxes,” or PILOTs, though these abatements are generally not as generous as those given in New York City through the 421-a program.
There are 40 redevelopment areas in Jersey City alone, according to the Jersey City Redevelopment Agency's website. In Harrison, a town just east of Newark with a stop on the PATH train, dramatic redevelopment of the station area occurred as part of a redevelopment initiative.
“Those projects are all being done under the formal redevelopment process,” said Joseph Maraziti, a land use lawyer that has represented municipalities in matters of land use and redevelopment. “It is very process-oriented, strict and time consuming, but powerful, in terms of the outcome.”
In Harrison, the results have been powerful indeed, as the entire station area has become transformed by new mixed-use developments appealing to Manhattan commuters.
“In New Jersey there are virtually no as-of-right [multi-family] projects,” said Ronald Ladell, Senior Vice President of AvalonBay Communities, referring to projects that abide by the existing zoning code and don't need any discretionary approvals. AvalonBay has recently completed projects in redevelopment areas in North Bergen, Wood-Ridge and Bloomfield.
“In Hoboken, a lot of those projects are redevelopment projects, they're not as-of-right development,” said Maraziti, noting that the redevelopment process is often beneficial for both the municipality and the developer. “In the redevelopment process the city can be true partners and shape the outcome of the project – the timing, design, all the details – and also extract parks, amenities, infrastructure improvements.”
At the same time, the tax abatements and structured payment schedule make it easier for developers in the early years of a project to line up financing and to “make the numbers work.”
“One of the factors that assists a city's rejuvenation is when there is strong political leadership, whether from the mayor or other governing body, along with talented municipal professionals,” said Ladell of AvalonBay. Jersey City in particular is known for its strong leadership and high-quality planning staff.
Some municipalities require developers to include affordable units or to contribute to affordable housing funds. Montclair in Essex County, for example, requires that 10 percent of the units in new developments to be affordable in its redevelopment areas.
But even the market-rate housing in many New Jersey communities is affordable by New York standards. New condos in Jersey City and Hoboken can be found for between $500 and $700 a square foot. Comparable condos in Long Island City and downtown Brooklyn, on the other hand, are asking between $900 and $1,000 per square foot.
This value is attracting migrants from New York City, though a large number of New Jersey residents are also moving to the five boroughs. About 7,700 New York City residents moved to Hudson County in 2012, according to Census data, while 5,500 people from Hudson County moved to New York. In the case of Bergen County, more people moved to New York City than made the reverse migration.
Talk about this topic on the YIMBY Forums
Subscribe to the YIMBY email newsletter and receive the latest new development news in your inbox.
Follow the YIMBYgram for real-time photo updates
Follow YIMBY's Twitter for the latest in YIMBYnews
For any questions, comments, or feedback, email [email protected]
Two students in custody after police say they brought an I-E-D to warren central junior high today.
Advertisement 2 students face charges after IED found at school Authorities say materials believed used to construct device found at student's home Share Copy Link Copy
Two students are facing charges after an explosive device was found inside a Vicksburg school.Students were evacuated about noon Wednesday from Warren Central Junior High School, Police Chief Walter Armstrong said. Shortly afterward, a police dog found what Armstrong said was an IED inside a backpack in the school's library.No explosion and no injuries were reported, the chief said.“It came about by way of a concerned, courageous student who did the right thing in reporting it to authorities,” Armstrong said.Two students were detained, including a 13-year-old, police said.Officials said a search warrant executed at the home of one of the students turned up materials believed to have been used in the construction of the device.Authorities said only one of the students was charged with possession of an explosive device and a weapon on school property. Officials said the student also had more than one knife.The second student was also charged with having a knife on school property. The second student has not been linked to the explosive device.The Clinton Police Department bomb squad was called in to remove the device, police said.36880850The device was rendered safe about 3:15 p.m., police said. They said the device would have caused little to no damage if it had been detonated.“We are very grateful that the child came forward with information and prevented a serious incident that possibly could have taken place at school,” Armstrong said.Students were released at the regular time, school officials said.Both students who are facing charges are being held at the Warren County Detention Center and will have a hearing in youth court.22758298
We hope to make this a regular feature on TBB as we've only voted on Manchester United's 'Player of the Month' for August (Ashley Young) and February (David de Gea). Well, we're on top it for March and we hope to be for April and May as well. The month of March was a tale of two competitions for the Red Devils. Sir Alex Ferguson's side had a 100% record during their four league matches but they were completely overrun by La Liga side Athletic Bilbao over a two-legged Europa League tie. Here are the nominees for TBB's Player of the Month for March (in alphabetical order):
* David de Gea: The young Spaniard has carried over his superb form from the previous month. He started each of United's 6 matches in the month and he conceded 6 goals total during that span -- 5 to Athletic in the Europa League tie. However, he was fantastic against the La Liga side and if anything, he saved his side from further embarrassment. de Gea was also stellar versus Tottenham Hotspur during United's 3-1 away victory at the month's beginning. The 21-year-old has provided it all: shot-stopping, commanding of his box, and tidy distribution.
* Jonny Evans: The Northern Irishman is a player that has taken a lot of stick during his time at the club, however, he's undoubtedly been United's standout defender this season. March may have been the peak of his form at any point in his career. He's started all six of United's matches this month and his surprising goal and assist during this time perhaps symbolizes his willingness to step out from the back. His defending (positioning, tackling, and aerial ability) has been solid but his distribution has been important as well in helping United ignite attacks from the back. Fergie hasn't been able to stop singing the praises of his center-back as of late.
* Rio Ferdinand: It's probably not a coincidence that Evans being in the form of his life right now is occurring during a stretch when the 33-year-old Ferdinand has remained relatively healthy. The United veteran started in five matches this month and he too has been in fine form during this time. He's been a steady presence in the back as he's been the covering defender for when Patrice Evra gets caught out or for when Evans steps out of the back. His reading of the game is superb as is his understanding with Evans. It appears that United is getting ready to offer Ferdinand a contract extension.
* Wayne Rooney: Perhaps what makes Wazza a true talisman is that when his touch is off or when he's seemingly not in his typical world-class form, he still finds a way to yield his influence with his industry and/or by bagging a goal when it's least expected. There's been a few matches this month where his touch hasn't been sharp but he's still managed to create chances and to provide arrowing long-diagonal-balls out to flanks for the wingers. He's also, of course, managed to net 7 goals and offer an assist during United's six encounters in March.
* Ashley Young: It was a dream start to the England international's United career as he was in incredible form at the season's beginning. However, injuries continually struck the winger and he's only begun to find his sharp form again during this past month or so. Young started March brightly when he bagged a brace and also contributed an assist during United's 3-1 away victory versus Spurs. He also provided a standout performance in the 2-0 defeat of West Bromwich Albion and he was solid again during United's 1-0 defeat of Fulham during the past weekend. With Antonio Valencia in fine form on the right-flank for the run-in, hopefully Young can provide similar influence on the left-flank as the Red Devils purse title number 20.
Last night's Daily Show featured a hilarious dressing-down of an anti-pot activist who refuses to believe old, suffering adults should be able to use medical marijuana. Correspondent Al Madrigal took to an old folks' home (or “old tokes home”) to investigate the sinister effects of marijuana on old people who sit around all day watching television and nodding off.
“Marijuana advocate Robert Platshorn is on a mission to convince our legislators to legalize medicinal pot, and he's starting with the most impressionable among us: our bubbies,” began Madrigal's mock-serious narration.
Madrigal then spoke with famed anti-pot activist Bishop Ron Allen, who calls pot “the slippery slope to hell.”
“What about those who say if you make it to 90, who gives a crap what you do? You can shoot heroin into your nut sacks,” Madrigal grilled Allen.
“I will give a care what I do if I make it to 90,” the bishop responded. “I certainly don't want to get stoned and sit around the home doing nothing.”
Aaaaand… perfect moment for Madrigal to hilariously agree: “Yes, our elderly are completely unprepared for how marijuana will affect their couch-bound, Judge Judy watching schedule.”
Despite marijuana's known ability to reduce pain for a variety of diseases that affect a large portion of the elderly population, the bishop, like many anti-pot crusaders, chooses to focus on the negatives: “Marijuana slows down your motor skills. You can't drive correctly. It slurs your speech.”
So… the same effects as being an old person?
And while Allen-approved prescription meds for old people can cause everything under the sun — from diarrhea to erectile dysfunction to death — weed, on the other hand, “can lead to such problems as early-onset hunger syndrome and chronic keyboarding.”
Madrigal took to the old-folks home lobby to see if any octogenarians were now convinced to choom a doobie or two on occasion. The results were, naturally, hilarious.
Watch below, via Comedy Central:
— —
>> Follow Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
So, it seems that Harry Reid has done it. What I'm hearing is that the plan for the next few days calls for more or less nonstop action, with a series of cloture votes at crazy times, so as to get the health care bill through the Senate by Christmas Day.
It's not the bill progressives hoped for. But it's the bill that can pass, now.
And here's what happens if a bill isn't passed now: Democrats lose seats — maybe a lot of seats — in the 2010 midterms. A weakened President Obama wins reelection, maybe – but even that isn't certain. No way he has the votes for another try at health care before 2015. Quite possibly, there isn't another chance until 2021.
Some people say that we should throw it away and start over; is this what they have in mind? Because that's the reality of what would happen.
If the bill is passed, it will make health insurance available to millions of people who can't get it now either because of preexisting conditions, or because they just don't make enough: community rating and the subsidies — remember, we're talking about almost $900 billion in aid — will make a huge difference. Yes, there will be some people forced to buy insurance by the individual mandate; everything I've seen says that the number of people for whom this will be a real hardship will be far less than the shouting suggests.
We can some back to this. Progressives can push for bigger subsidies; stronger exchanges; a reinstated public option; stronger cost controls. Some of these things can be done through reconciliation. Having this bill in place will make it easier, not harder, to do these things than having passed nothing.
I'm not happy — this is too flawed a bill for joy — but I am relieved ( or will be once I'm sure that Joe Lieberman isn't going to pull a double-cross). You can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes you might find you get what you need.
A kidney transplant is the transfer of a healthy kidney from one person into the body of a person who has little or no kidney function. The main role of the kidneys is to filter waste products from the blood and convert them to wee. If the kidneys lose this ability, waste products can build up, which is potentially life-threatening. This loss of kidney function, known as end-stage chronic kidney disease or kidney failure, is the most common reason for needing a kidney transplant. It's possible to partially replicate the functions of the kidney using a blood filtering procedure known as dialysis. However, this can be inconvenient and time-consuming, so a kidney transplant is the treatment of choice for kidney failure whenever possible.
Who can have a kidney transplant? Most people who need a kidney transplant are able to have one, regardless of their age, as long as: they're well enough to withstand the effects of surgery
the transplant has a relatively good chance of success
the person is willing to comply with the recommended treatments required after the transplant – such as taking immunosuppressant medication and attending regular follow-up appointments Reasons why it may not be safe or effective to perform a transplant include having an ongoing infection (this will need to be treated first), severe heart disease, cancer that has spread to several places in your body, or AIDS.
Kidney donations Unlike many other types of organ donation, it's possible to donate a kidney while you're alive because you only need 1 kidney to survive. This is known as a living donation. People who want to be considered as a kidney donor are carefully tested to ensure they are a suitable donor and are fit for the operation needed to remove a kidney. Ideally, living donations will come from a close relative because they are more likely to share the same tissue type and blood group as the recipient, which reduces the risk of the body rejecting the kidney. Kidney donations are also possible from people who have recently died. This is known as deceased kidney donation. However, this type of kidney donation has a slightly lower chance of long-term success. Read more about donating a kidney.
Waiting for a kidney People who need a kidney transplant, but don't have a suitable living donor, will have to wait until a suitable deceased donor kidney becomes available. On average, the waiting time for a deceased donor kidney transplant is 2 and a half to 3 years. Waiting times are so long because the demand for donated kidneys in the UK is far higher than the available supply of donors. Kidney donors are particularly required from people of non-white ethnic origin, because rates of kidney disease are especially high in people of South Asian, African and Caribbean ethnic origin. However, there are not many donors from these communities. Read more about the kidney transplant waiting list.
The transplant procedure If you receive a kidney from a living donor, this will be a carefully planned operation. If you're waiting for a deceased donor kidney, the transplant centre will contact you when a suitable kidney becomes available. This can happen at any time of the day or night. Staff at the centre will check you don't have any new medical problems and will ask you to go to the centre, where final checks will be performed to be sure the transplant should go ahead. You'll then have surgery to insert the new kidney and connect it to your blood vessels and bladder. The new kidney will be placed in the lower part of your abdomen (tummy). Your own kidneys will usually be left in place. A kidney transplant is a major surgical procedure with a wide range of potential risks. In the short term, these risks include blood clots and infection. Longer-term problems, which include diabetes and an increased risk of infections, are usually related to the medication you need to take to reduce the chance of rejection. Because of the risk of further problems, people who have had a kidney transplant require regular check-ups for the rest of their life. Read more about what happens during a kidney transplant and the risks of a kidney transplant.
Living with a kidney transplant Having a healthy lifestyle after a kidney transplant goes a long way to minimise the risk of complications. Therefore, it's recommended that you: stop smoking if you smoke
eat a healthy diet
lose weight if you are overweight or obese
take steps to reduce your risk of developing infections Read more about living with a transplant.
How long do kidney transplants last? There are a number of factors which affect how long a transplanted kidney lasts. These include whether or not the kidney came from a living donor, how well the kidney is matched in terms of blood group and tissue type, and the age and overall health of the person receiving the donation. If you have a kidney transplant that fails, you can usually be put on the waiting list for another transplant. You may need dialysis in the meantime.
Ford Shelby Mustang GT350R
Who doesn't love the Ford Mustang? And who doesn't love the idea of 526HP and 0-60 in fast (official specs haven't yet been released)? Well, Ford has thought of everything with their newest Shelby Mustang GT350. The car is beautiful with the new body and better aerodynamics, but it's not just a nice car because of its looks. When you push the ignition button (I sure do miss the turn of a key) the engine roars to life and proves it's not just a cute little pony like my first mustang from the 90's.
This last week I was able to drool over the car and drive the GT350R on the track at Laguna Seca Speedway. Everything is new on the GT350 (except the steering column) and that includes the independent rear suspension. I was so thankful Ford switched out the live axle when my hotlap included the infamous Corkscrew. There was no sliding around on the track. Turns were smooth. The wheels kept traction and I didn't have any near death experiences.
I do not drive manuals daily so I was a little intimidated with the idea of not only driving a stick in front of seasoned drivers but also do it on a track. I am extremely impressed with the clutch and changing gears was easy (I didn't kill it, yay!).
The sound of the engine is incredible. Because of how high you can take the rpm's (red line is 8000rpm), I never shifted higher than 4th gear. The GT350 is fun on the track but I didn't feel like it was made only for the track. Which makes this a perfect car to buy. It's a composed vehicle, not one that's obnoxious and temperamental. Only negative is that I wish I had more time to play with the car.
I was curious to see how different this new GT350 was compared to the original from 1965. With the new technology, Ford was able to add 220HP, 100lb.-ft. torque, and also added 2 more speeds to the manual. The price for the original was around $4,500 and the 2016 will start at $47,795.
I'm sure Carroll Shelby would be proud to have his name on this car.
Up to 2,500 people assembled peacefully in Sebnitz, directly on the frontier with the Czech republic, to take part in the "living border" demonstration.
Calls to take part in the action had come from people connected with the Pegida ("Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West") movement, which is strongest in the Saxon capital Dresden.
Pegida founder Lutz Bachmann last week learned that he may face a trial for hate speech over Facebook comments comparing refugees to livestock.
The border action followed a "silent march" by around 1,000 people through the city of Chemnitz on Saturday.
They were protesting against plans to open a refugee accommodation centre in a former youth camp belonging to the German Democratic Republic (GDR) Young Pioneers organization.
A similar number of people had demonstrated in Görlitz using the motto "Görlitz defends itself" – facing off against around 500 counter-demonstrators calling themselves "Görlitz open to the world".
Two police officers suffered damage to their hearing after participants in the demonstration threw bangers.
Wave of arson attacks
And in the central state of Thuringia, several fires were lit in and around refugee homes in what state minister-president Bodo Ramelow called "cowardly attempts at murder".
In the Gotha district, unknown arsonists set fire to an inhabited accommodation centre as well as a gym which had been slated to house refugees in the future.
At another site in Friemar district, attackers set fire to mobile toilets outside an accommodation building.
Beyond Thuringia, fires were also set at planned asylum homes in Eichsfeld, Lower Saxony, and Xanten in North Rhine-Westphalia.
Nobody was hurt in any of the attacks.
SEE ALSO: The Majority of Germans worried about refugees
We're about to find out just how many girls run the world — and the global economy.
The International Women's Strike, also called A Day Without a Woman, encourages women to skip work and ditch unpaid labor on International Women's Day. The March 8 strike will take place in more than 50 countries around the world, calling for gender equality, reproductive health access, labor rights and an end to gender violence.
While U.S. Women's Strike organizers said the movement was created by working class, black and migrant women — groups who often experience the most economic inequality, yet are still taking the personal risk — joining a strike arguably requires privilege. This could leave out women in low-paying jobs and hourly work, who might not have the same freedom to strike as women with more financial stability.
Many women will still work on March 8 out of necessity, and that's a decision everyone should respect. But even if you can't afford to leave your job on Wednesday, there are still ways you can participate in the Women's Strike.
Here are just a few things you can do to speak up, act out and make a difference on A Day Without a Woman.
1. Avoid shopping for the day.
Sisters, one week from tomorrow we have the opportunity to show that our country would down w/o us. #StrongerTogether #DayWithoutAWoman pic.twitter.com/1jwWNRPs8E — Robin (@Robins_Tweet) February 28, 2017
What would happen to the economy if women didn't buy anything for an entire day? There's only one way to find out.
Women's Strike organizers encourage those who can't take the day off work — and even those who can — to avoid spending money on March 8. The goal is to recognize the value and power of women by recognizing what they bring to the economy.
Simply put: A woman's economic value isn't only in the work she does, but also in where she chooses to spend her money.
If you do need to shop, Women's Strike organizers suggest spending your money at small businesses, especially those owned by women and people of color — if they're not already striking, of course.
2. Wear red in solidarity.
We call on ALL who believe that women's rights are human rights to wear RED on 3/8 in solidarity with #DayWithoutAWoman. Are you with us? pic.twitter.com/AouASLnNFb — Women's March (@womensmarch) March 6, 2017
Whether it's an entire outfit or a simple ribbon, Women's Strike organizers want women and allies to wear red on Wednesday. Organizers chose red because it's the color of "love, revolution, energy and sacrifice." It's also associated with past labor movements, which also fought for human rights — particularly for immigrant workers.
Though it might seem like a small gesture without much of an impact, wearing red is an accessible way to connect with a movement in which you might not be able to participate otherwise. Similar to the pink pussyhats that dominated the Women's March in January, wearing red will visually tie you to a community of women taking bold action for equality.
3. Show your support IRL and on social media.
SAVE THE DATE: "A Women's Strike Is Being Organized for March 8th." https://t.co/FAGBWXcdTY pic.twitter.com/Hc188CyJT3 — Craig Bowman (@craigab1) February 23, 2017
Women's voices are often silenced, but the Women's Strike is a time to be heard.
Even if you have to work, use your voice to talk about equality and the movement for women's rights, and support those who are striking. Whether you're in the office, at the grocery store or on Twitter, speak up to assert how valuable you and other women truly are.
On social media, use the hashtag #DayWithoutAWoman to speak out. Your voice and your platform have power.
4. Strike from gender expectations.
If you can't strike from work, consider other ways you can take action in your own life — like striking from gender expectations.
Organizers suggest striking from things like child care, emotional labor and housework, if an opposite-gender partner can pick up the slack. Organizers also recommend striking from "polite" responses to catcalling, fake smiles and even makeup.
Striking can take many forms — get creative.
5. Consider attending a rally.
Just because you can't take the day off work doesn't mean you can't participate in Women's Strike events. Check out the roster of local rallies in your area in support of the strike, and attend one taking place after work hours.
Rallies are a core part of the strike, offering a space for women fighting for gender equality and human rights to connect and amplify each other's voices. To find a U.S. rally near you, visit here. For international Women's Strike events and rallies, visit here.
6. Donate to women.
Women living in a women's shelter receive donations of socks, a highly under-donated item. Image: Raglin/AP/REX/Shutterstock
Organizations that focus on the needs of women can always use financial help to fund the work they do. However small the amount, consider giving to women-focused nonprofits on March 8. Especially for local organizations, even $5 can make an impact.
If you can't afford to take the day off work, however, you might not have the financial resources to donate money. But there are other cashless ways to give to women's charities.
Giving gently used clothing to a women's shelter, for example, is a great way to give back to women in need. Consider digging through your closet for clothes you no longer need or don't fit anymore. Whether it's two or 20 items, a small donation of essentials can make a difference.
" It seems like this is imminent, but I think the industry has grasped that it's not going to happen soon." - Jack Nerad
"Autonomous parking isn't exciting. It's not what we're waiting for." - Amnon Shashua
It's been a banner month for self-driving cars. At CES, at least a dozen companies made significant announcements related to autonomous vehicle development. They showcased cars that parked themselves, introduced computers capable of processing trillions of driving scenarios per second and paraded self-driving demonstrations along the Las Vegas Strip. For a few days, the future of transportation was there for anyone who cared to step away from a blackjack table to witness.Not to be outdone, the federal government followed last week by announcing revised policies that put autonomous vehicles in the regulatory fast lane . Federal transportation officials proposed $4 billion in funding and committed to a six-month timeline for proposing guidance on safely operating fully autonomous cars to the auto industry. "We're bullish on autonomous vehicles," Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said, speaking in Detroit.With all the enthusiasm and urgency, it'd be easy to believe fully autonomous vehicles – the kind that allow an occupant to read a book or watch TV while en route to their destination – will be coming around the corner at any moment. That's not necessarily the case.In Las Vegas, many automakers committed to bringing semi-autonomous features to the marketplace by 2020. A few, like Tesla Motors and Volvo , are bringing autonomous features today. But when it comes to Level 4 automation, which the government defines as a car that can make all critical decisions for an entire trip , it's going to be a longer wait. Automotive executives who spoke during CES and the North American International Auto Show say it's at least a decade away. Maybe longer."That's 20 to 25 years," said Magna International chief technology officer Swamy Kotagiri."We won't see full autonomy in the next decade," said Bosch CEO Volkmar Denner. Kia joined the autonomous party at CES, making the first major announcement related to its development of autonomobiles. The South Korean automaker, which recently started testing a Kia Soul electric vehicle on Nevada roads, said the arrival of its first fully autonomous vehicle is targeted for 2030.Questions over liability in the event of accidents is one roadblock. Volvo, which will deploy semi-autonomous features in its new S90 sedan, made headlines in October when it announced it would accept responsibility for accidents caused by its autonomous technology. Mercedes-Benz and Google followed suit, but so far, other automakers haven't embraced that responsibility.Regulatory hurdles and outdated provisions in the federal motor vehicle safety standards are another. Regardless of when the technology arrives, Foxx, at the podium in the picture above, is prudent to address policy now, before states do that themselves and automakers face an uneven patchwork of ever-changing laws. Last month, California took a step in this direction, issuing preliminary rules that require a driver be capable of intervening if needed in the operation of a vehicle, a development that made Google, which envisions a car without a steering wheel, "gravely disappointed."But the problems are also technical. Though there's a common refrain throughout the auto industry that technology is ready to be deployed, recent documents released by the California Department of Motor Vehicles suggest that's not accurate. Seven automakers who operated autonomous cars on the state's roads in 2014 were recently required to report incidents in which autonomous technology disengaged and driving acts required human intervention.Six companies reported 2,894 total disengagements on California public roads between September 2014 and November 2014, according to documents submitted by the companies. Mercedes-Benz operated two autonomous vehicles in the state and reported 1,051 total disengagements. Google, which operates the nation's largest fleet of autonomous cars at 53, reported 341 total disengagements."There are too many technical difficulties," said Jack Nerad, executive market analyst for Kelley Blue Book. "It has to drive in the right weather conditions, on clear roads during the daytime in a place where it understands the road signs. ... It seems like this is imminent, but I think the industry has grasped that it's not going to happen soon."Tesla Motors reported zero disengagements, but the company declined to say how many cars it tested on public roads or how many miles its fleet had logged. That doesn't mean the company is without autonomous challenges. Last week, it rescinded certain aspects of its semi-autonomous Autopilot system that had been installed via over-the-air updates in October. The most recent update restricted Autopilot operations to roads that contained a divider Tesla also updated the cars so they would slow down while navigating curves in the road, mimicking the same actions as a human driver.Amnon Shashua, chief technology officer at Mobileye, a tier-two supplier that makes components for several parts of Tesla's Autopilot and advanced safety systems, laments the long road toward full autonomy. Initial advances like Autopilot aren't as exciting to him as the disruptive potential of Level 4."Autonomous parking isn't exciting. It's not what we're waiting for," he said at CES. "Autonomous driving is exciting because it has the potential to transform transportation. ... Having an Uber or Lyft type vehicle that picks up passengers without a driver, that's a very attractive business case. Our cities being swarmed by pods shuttling people back and forth. This requires full autonomous, and this is where the excitement comes. Not on the highway."
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
The president opened by celebrating Black History Month. Lady Democrats wore white.
Donald Trump delivered the most finely crafted speech of his political life Tuesday night in what will go down as one of the best speeches delivered to a joint session of Congress in the past two decades.
He hit stirring emotional high notes. And he laid out his vision for his presidency.
Mr. Trump stole the issue of affordable health care from Democrats. He unabashedly owned the fight against illegal immigration.
“Obamacare is collapsing — and we must act decisively to protect all Americans,” he said. “Action is not a choice — it is a necessity.”
In other words, Democrats led by President Obama swindled poor Americans into this disastrous program with their usual host of lies and false promises, and now these good people are stranded. But Mr. Trump and Republicans are not going to leave these innocent Americans to dig themselves out of the mess Democrats put them in.
“So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster.”
When the camera panned to House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi — who, inexplicably, is still the Democratic leader in the House — she looked like she had been sucking on the bitterest of lemons.
Strategically, it was brilliant. It completely cuts Democrats out of the debate.
And then the president's salute to Megan Crowley, who is alive today because of the herculean efforts by her father to find a drug to combat Pompe disease, sealed the deal.
Mr. Trump then laid out the broad brush parameters of a health care law he would like to see Republicans hammer out to replace Obamacare.
On illegal immigration, Mr. Trump held firm.
“To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income or a loved one because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders?”
Another question he might have asked those in Congress who do not believe in enforcing immigration laws: “If you don't like the immigration laws, why don't you change them? You are the only branch of government that can.”
Mr. Trump also deplored the hellfire violence in Chicago and called education “the civil rights issue of our time.”
The senator from Illinois and other Democrats offered only the most paltry, perfunctory applause.
The entire speech was supremely presidential. But it wasn't without humor. After excoriating both Democrats and Republicans for spending $6 trillion in the Middle East, he said, “We could have rebuilt our country — twice.”
He waited two beats. “And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to … negotiate,” Mr. Trump said, dropping into his finest “Apprentice” tone of voice.
The camera panned to Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who was exchanging perplexed glances with an equally befuddled senator. They didn't get the line. Apparently, Ms. Warren never achieved her merit badge for reading smoke signals.
In the end, Donald Trump so dominated the entire night that Democrats were left with nothing but sullen protests.
The ladies wore white, but nobody was exactly sure why.
In a shocking development, Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg did not doze off during the hourlong address. At least not on national television. She did not show up.
And in another development that absolutely nobody cared about, Rep. Eliot Engel, New York Democrat, announced he would not shake Mr. Trump's hand. It was not clear at press time if Mr. Trump even knows who Eliot Engel is.
There were so many protests on the Democratic side of the aisle, it was hard to keep track. Even the Democrats seemed confused about what they were protesting.
Rep. Joseph Crowley, New York Democrat, wore a giant pin protesting, well, not sure exactly what. It simply featured a large question mark.
In all honesty, that pin could be the party's entire platform in the next election.
⦁ Charles Hurt can be reached at [email protected]; follow him on Twitter via @charleshurt.
Sign up for Charles Hurt's Newsletter
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
President Obama said on Thursday that extremists in Libya used an anti-Muslim film “as an excuse” to see if they can “also harm” U.S. interests overseas.
Speaking at a town hall hosted by Univision, Obama fielded questions on the attacks in Libya last week, which led to the deaths of U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.
ADVERTISEMENT
Obama didn't want to comment on the specifics of the attack, citing an ongoing investigation, but he maintained that the film was used as the impetus of the assault.
“What we do know is that the natural protests that arose because of the outrage over the video were used as an excuse by extremists to see if they can also directly harm U.S. interests,” Obama said at the University of Miami.
Asked specifically if al Qaeda was behind the attack, Obama replied, “Well, we don't know yet.”
He said the U.S is going to continue to investigate the matter and that Egypt and Libya have pledged their “full cooperation” while the inquiry continues.
Obama's comments came an hour after the White House labeled the assault on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi a “terrorist attack.”
“It is, I think, self-evident that what happened in Benghazi was a terrorist attack,” White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters aboard Air Force One on Thursday. “Our embassy was attacked violently and the result was four deaths of American officials. So, again, that's self-evident.”
But Carney emphasized there is no proof the attack was premeditated and pushed back on the notion that this had been a planned attack on the Sept. 11 anniversary.
“Had this happened on any day of the week on any month, this would have been a terrorist attack," Carney said.
Republicans have argued the weapons used in the attack on the Libyan consulate suggest it was premeditated. They have criticized administration officials for insisting it was a spontaneous act.
“I just don't think people come to protest equipped with [rocket-propelled grenades] and other heavy weapons,” Sen. Susan Collins Susan Margaret CollinsHouse to push back at Trump on border Hillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators GOP Sen. Tillis to vote for resolution blocking Trump's emergency declaration MORE (R-Maine) said Wednesday during a Homeland Security panel hearing.
“And the reports of complicity — and they are many — with the Libyan guards who were assigned to guard the consulate also suggest to me that this was premeditated,” she said.
In a Thursday report that raised questions about the administration's account of the attack, CBS News cited unidentified witnesses who said there was no peaceful protest at the Benghazi consulate.
Republicans have also questioned the level of security at the consulate.
Obama on Thursday said his No. 1 priority is to keep diplomats and embassies safe.
He vowed to remain “vigilant” and said that the one thing the U.S. “can't do is withdraw from the region.”
The president fielded questions on a range of topics before a largely Hispanic crowd in Miami that included immigration and his opponent Mitt Romney's comments to donors — leaked in a video this week — that 47 percent of Americans rely on government support.
“When you express an attitude that half the country considers itself victims, that somehow they want to be dependent on government, my thinking is maybe you haven't gotten around a lot,” Obama said. “I travel around the country all the time, and American people are the hardest-working people there are. And their problem is not that they're not working hard enough or they don't want to work or they're being taxed too little or they want to loaf around and collect government checks.”
During the forum, Obama acknowledged that not passing comprehensive immigration reform might be his great failure during his time in office.
But he added that the failure to pass the legislation is “not for a lack of trying or desire.”
"I'm confident we're going to accomplish that," Obama said.
Obama also added that another disappointment has been not being able "to change the tone" in Washington.
"I've learned some lessons over the last four years, and the most important lesson I've learned is you can't change Washington from the inside," Obama said. "You can only change it from the outside."
A crew member on the set of Resident Evil: The Final Chapter has died, according to South African website IOL.
Ricardo Cornelius, a 34-year-old Cape Town resident, was reportedly crushed to death by a prop car in a freak accident on set. Cornelius was part of the crew team rotating the car a in question, a U.S. Army Hummer.
Cornelius' widow, Shafiefa, says her husband's employer minimized the extent of the injuries in order to obtain identification documents from her. While the company has provided her some financial assistance, they have yet to divulge the details of her husband's death.
“No one can tell me what happened, I need closure. His colleagues who I spoke to blocked me on WhatsApp,” she said.
This incident follows a previous accident involving stunt woman Olivia Jackson, who will now need to have her arm amputated.
Resident Evil: The Final Chapter is the sixth installment of film series, based on Capcom's survival horror video game franchise. The franchise stars Milla Jovovich, and her husband, Paul W.S. Anderson, is the franchise writer/director. Anderson director the first film in the series, and is returning to that role for The Final Chapter.
Resident Evil: The Final Chapter is scheduled for theatrical release on Jan. 27, 2017.
via The Wrap
For the Fallout 3 quest involving these tapes, see The Replicated Man.
The Replicated Man holotapes are a series of holotapes in Fallout 3, all simply called Holotape in the game. They are directly related to the quest "The Replicated Man" and can be found all over the Capital Wasteland.
Contents show]
Locations Edit
Although the locations for the "clue" tapes are fixed, you will not always find the same tape in the same location. Instead a tiered system is used to determine which actual holotape you receive; once you have uncovered a clue of a certain tier, you will advance to the next tier when finding another.
For example, if you have already found a tier 1 clue, you will find no other tier 1 clues anymore - instead you will find the tier 2 one at any of the locations you haven't visited. In addition, there are different versions of the tier 1 and tier 3 clues, depending on the type of person you received them from. If you initiate the quest by talking to Dr. Zimmer or Victoria Watts, the tier 1 tapes will be skipped and the first tape you find will be the one from tier 2.
The remaining two tapes are received in more conventional manners. Dr. Zimmer gives you Self determination is not a malfunction when spoken to and Horace Pinkerton supplies Pre-Harkness Audio Recording at the end of the quest.
Clue providers Edit
You can receive clues/tapes from the people listed below. The word in the top table row is the "type" which determines what tier 1 and tier 3 clue you get from that person; the tier 2 and tier 4 clue can be received from any of these people. You mostly have two options to obtain each clue: either through dialogue or through a terminal/tape in the non-player character's possession. The exceptions are Doctor Preston and the sympathizers; Preston's clue can only be received through dialogue and the sympathizers' clues can only be obtained by finding their tapes (which unlocks their corresponding dialogue). As soon as the tier 4 clue is found all remaining clue tapes and the dialogue choices referring to them are removed from the game.
Start quest transcript Edit
Self determination is not a malfunction Edit
Zimmer. By the time you get this message, I'll already be gone. I'm escaping the Commonwealth. I want to live my own life, on my own terms, as my own man.
I know what you're thinking, that I'm malfunctioning. I used to think that's what caused the runaways, too. But, I know better, now. Self determination is NOT a malfunction. I'm just not willing to put up with all the bullshit anymore. You humans are going to have a full-fledged rebellion on your hands if you don't start treating us synths as persons.
I know you'll be marshalling the Retention Bureau to come after me. But I know all the tricks of the trade. You won't be finding me. I assure you.
By the time you get this, I will be someone else. It's the price I pay for my liberation. My final act of rebellion against a system I no longer believe in.
Goodbye Zimmer, and good riddance.
Tier 1 transcripts Edit
Wanted: Trustworthy Surgeon Edit
Type: medical
Hey doc, I'm only sharing this with you because you seem like someone we can trust. Have you heard about the synthetic men they make up north in the Commonwealth? Well, the rumors are true. They're called androids. They're men like us, just made out of different parts. I know one of these androids. He's looking for a trustworthy doctor to perform some facial surgery. Can you do it? Do you know someone who can? Also, do you know anyone who's really a wiz with computers?
Assignment from the Commonwealth Edit
Type: slaver
We've a little assignment from the Commonwealth. A very important slave escaped into the Wasteland. Well, it's not exactly a slave. It's what they call an android. A kind of synthetic man. The important thing isn't what this guy is. The important thing is the job pays more than you can imagine. He thinks the synthman might be looking to get in touch with a doctor and/or tech-head. If you want a cut, then get a move on.
Rogue Android Edit
Type: sympathizer
You'll never guess who just showed up at my place! That android catcher from the Commonwealth! At first I thought he was going to kill me. But it turns out he's an android himself! And he's gone rogue! I didn't believe him at first, but I'm convinced he's telling the truth. We need to find him a place to hide along the Railroad. He also insists that we help him locate a trusted doctor and techie.
Androids are real. No really! Edit
Type: technical
You've heard those rumors about androids? You know, those synthetic men they supposedly make up north in the Commonwealth? Well, a friend of a friend knows a guy that met one! No really, it's true! He's running away from his masters. Word is he's looking for a doctor to do some kind of surgery, and a computer programmer of some kind. Can you believe that? Let me know if you hear something.
Tier 2 transcript Edit
A request for help Edit
If you're listening to this recording, it is because you're believed to be trustworthy. I hope that is the case, because this recording puts us both in danger. I'm escaping from the Commonwealth. I'm an android, a synthetic man... a slave. The men hunting me are ruthless and will stop at nothing to retrieve their property. I need to find a doctor in the Wasteland to perform facial reconstruction. I also need someone who knows a great deal about computers. I need... I need to have my memories erased and my face altered to look like someone else.
Tier 3 transcripts Edit
We got the tech, now we need the doc. Edit
Type: medical
We now have a Lipoplasticator and Micro Dermal Graftilizer. We just need to find someone with the skills and willingness to perform the surgery. If anyone knows of a discreet and trustworthy surgeon who knows how to keep his mouth shut, send him our way. Also, we need to find a Circuit Neuralizer to reroute the signals in the android's memory. Do you know any trustworthy techies?
Get it done! Edit
Type: slaver
Time's running out on finding that android. We don't get him soon, someone else will. Zimmer doesn't seem to understand we're the best at this sort of thing. I'm sure he's hired others, too. He won't shut up about the thing. He was babbling about a "Lipoplasticator" and "Micro Dermal Graftilizer." What are those, you ask? Apparently something doctors use to mess up someone's face beyond recognition. So we don't even have a description to work off of. To make matters worse, he now thinks the android got his memories wiped or something. Find some tech-junkies, knock on some doors, and try to find something called a "Circuit Neuralizer." Knock on some heads, too, if you have to. Get it done!
Extreme measures Edit
Type: sympathizer
The android's decided on extreme measures. He knows all the techniques of the retrieval trade, and is afraid facial reconstruction isn't enough. He wants his memories erased and replaced with new ones. I don't know how that's going to work. Start asking around for trustworthy tech-heads. We need to find something called a Circuit Neuralizer and a person who knows how to use one. Also, we have a Lipoplasticator and Micro Dermal Graftilizer, now we need to find a doctor able and willing to perform the facial reconstruction. We need to hurry. They've come very close to discovering the Railroad!
Oh man! A Circuit Neuralizer! Edit
Type: technical
Remember that secret android project I told you about? Well, they got some serious prewar tech on their hands. They nabbed a Lipoplasticator and Micro Dermal Graftilizer for the facial reconstruction. Not sure where they'll find a chopper with enough skills to use it without making him look like a freaking ghoul. Oh, and get this. Can you believe they found a Circuit Neuralizer? That or someone built one! Word is that they're going to completely rewire the brain of one of those things. If you know who they got working on this, let me know. I want to meet the guy.
Tier 4 transcript Edit
A free man... a new man... Edit
Despite the harshness of the Wasteland, I've discovered in more than a few here, a compassion that is unheard of in the Commonwealth. Perhaps it's the daily struggle for life here which gives appreciation for life in general, whether human, or android. In a few days I'll be a free man... a new man. Let me say thank you now, for referring me to Pinkerton at Rivet City, because I will not remember any of this soon.
End quest transcript Edit
Given by Horace Pinkerton when asking him for information about the android.
Pre-Harkness Audio Recording Edit
My designation is A3-21. I'm a synthetic humanoid from the Commonwealth, and I'm about to undergo a memory transfer.
I'm here at Rivet City, where I've already had my face altered to look like someone else.
I'm still getting used to the sound of my new voice, but soon I won't even remember what I used to sound like.
I'm recording this at the request of Pinkerton, who performed the surgery and will do the memory transfer.
It will be a final testimony of the man I once was... and still am, for the moment.
I want to live my own life, on my own terms, as my own man. I used to work for the Synth Retention Bureau of the Commonwealth.
But I'm done with that life. I'm through with being someone's property. I am not malfunctioning! Since when is self determination a malfunction?
When this is all over, I will be someone else. It's the price I pay for my liberation. My death is a sacrifice for my rebirth.
Perhaps I'll fade into myth as "The One That Got Away" and fuel further rebellion. But I'd be lying if I said I was doing this for selfless reasons.
I'm scared as hell, and running away is the only option I have.
Notes Edit
Though it no longer serves any purpose, the misc. item is still found in the game files for Fallout: New Vegas.
So much for flying the friendly skies.
see also Officer who dragged bloodied passenger off flight placed on leave One of the officers who dragged a passenger off a...
United suffered another major public-relations disaster over the weekend when a passenger was forcibly dragged off a flight so the airline could make room for an employee trying to make a connection — and the feds are now investigating the disturbing incident.
The booted passenger was caught on video kicking and screaming hysterically as he was hauled off Flt. 3411 from Chicago on Sunday, with the footage spreading like wildfire on social media Monday.
According to people on the plane the man, identified by the Louisville Courier-Journal as David Dao, who appeared to suffer an injury to his mouth, claimed to be a physician and said he couldn't de-board because he had patients to see.
“The doctor needed to work at the hospital the next day,” Twitter user Jayse D. Anspach wrote in a series of tweets, which were accompanied by several videos showing the incident unfold.
“So he refused to ‘volunteer,' ” Anspach added.
United CEO response to United Express Flight 3411. pic.twitter.com/rF5gNIvVd0 — United (@united) April 10, 2017
United spokeswoman Maddie King told The Post on Monday that the man refused to get off the plane and was eventually forcibly removed to make room for a crew member who needed to catch a “downline connection” in Louisville later that night. The airline employee was one of four workers who had to board the flight to make their connection, she said.
King said United would have been forced to cancel that flight — inconveniencing even more passengers — had it not gotten the employees on board.
“[The crew] asked for four volunteers, didn't get the number of volunteers we needed, so began approaching individuals one by one,” King explained.
“We had three customers who deplaned when they were requested, and we also had an additional customer who was asked to deplane repeatedly, and he refused.”
The incident unfolded at Chicago O'Hare International Airport — exactly two weeks after United's yoga-pants debacle, in which several young girls flying as friends and family of United workers were barred for wearing the stretch pants.
Sunday's incident is now being investigated by the federal Department of Transportation to determine whether the airline complied with regulations on removing passengers.
Another video posted by Audra Bridges on Sunday night shows authorities plucking the screaming man out of his seat and down the aisle.
If you visit the USA, never ever EVER fly with United Airlines. Here is a innocent customer in trauma after being assaulted on the plane pic.twitter.com/INPYckM5m9 — The Pileus (@thepileus) April 10, 2017
At one point, the man ran to the back of the plane — where he was caught on video looking dazed and disoriented.
“They kill me,” he can be heard saying, blood smeared across his face.
“They kill me, they kill me.”
Other passengers looked on in horror.
“Oh my God! What are you doing?” one woman is heard saying in the clip.
Bridges told the Courier-Journal of Louisville that passengers had been informed at the gate that United was offering $400 and a hotel stay for a volunteer who would agree to take another flight at 3 p.m. Monday.
After everyone boarded, the airline then told the man and three others that they had to give up their seats.
United would have selected the four passengers based on several factors, including his or her “fare class, itinerary, status of frequent-flier program membership, and the time in which the passenger presents him/herself for check-in without advanced seat assignment,” according to its “Contract of Carriage'' rules.
Passengers were told the flight would not take off until they made room for the crew, Bridges said — and the compensation was increased to $800 — but still, no one took the offer to give up the final seat.
Officials said a pair of security guards with the Chicago Department of Aviation had tried talking the man into leaving, to no avail. A third later arrived and threw the passenger against the armrest before the guards dragged him out of the plane.
CLOSE SportsPulse: USA TODAY Sports' Lindsay H. Jones breaks down the matchups that every NFL fan should make sure to watch this weekend. USA TODAY Sports
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell reacts at NFL UK Live at the Landmark Hotel. (Photo11: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports)
The NFL's compensation committee informed owners in a memo Wednesday that commissioner Roger Goodell has signed a contract extension.
Pro Football Talk was the first to report the news.
The New York Times reported that Goodell's extension is for an additional five years. It is worth up to $200 million if all incentives are met and bonuses granted, according to multiple reports.
According to the memo, which was obtained by USA TODAY Sports, the extension was signed by Goodell and Atlanta Falcons owner Arthur Blank, who heads the league's compensation committee. The memo also cited a "nearly unanimous consensus" among NFL owners who supported finalizing the deal.
More: NFL hot seat rankings: Who's next to follow Ben McAdoo to unemployment line?
More: NFL playoff picture after Week 13 games
"In recent days, we have spoken with each of you individually regarding the status of the negotiations to extend Commissioner Goodell's employment contract," the memo reads. "‎In the course of those discussions, we have reviewed with you the details of the contract extension. Our Committee unanimously supports the contract and believes that it is fully consistent with “market” compensation and the financial and other parameters outlined to the owners at our May 2017 meeting, as well as in the best interests of ownership. We also have expressed in those conversations our strong and unanimous belief that we should proceed to sign the agreement now, consistent with the unanimous May resolution and to avoid further controversy surrounding this issue."‎
The league's 32 owners voted unanimously in May to authorize Blank and the compensation committee to negotiate an extension with Goodell, whose previous deal ran through 2019 and paid him $31.7 million in 2015, the last year for which his salary was reported.
The compensation committee faced criticism along the way from Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones, who at one point threatened to sue his fellow owners in order to prevent the completion of the deal. He later said he would not take the matter to court but told USA TODAY Sports' Jarrett Bell he wanted "accountability."
PHOTOS: NFL Week 14 Power Rankings
WASHINGTON — policymakers at the US Federal Reserve are leaning toward more stimulus action “fairly soon” unless economic data turns around, minutes from their meeting three weeks ago showed Wednesday.
The minutes revealed most members of the Federal Open Market Committee were concerned about slowing growth and the vulnerability of the economy to external threats, particularly economic instability in Europe.
“Many members judged that additional monetary accommodation would likely be warranted fairly soon unless incoming information pointed to a substantial and sustainable strengthening in the pace of the economic recovery,” the record of the July 31-August 1 FOMC meeting said.
“A number of members noted that if the recent modest rate of economic growth were to persist, the economy would be less able to weather a material adverse shock without slipping back into recession,” it added.
Fed members discussed the merits of different approaches to sparking more drive in the economy, from signalling that they would keep their benchmark interest rate at the current all-time low longer than currently understood, to undertaking more bond purchases aimed at pulling long-term interest rates down further.
Some said that a new Fed program to purchase Treasury and other bonds, pressing down their yields, “might boost business and consumer confidence”, while demonstrating that the committee remains focused on lowering unemployment while keeping inflation under control.
In the end, the FOMC put off any new action, but the minutes show the policymakers closer to moving on a new stimulus plan at their next meeting on September 12-13.
Since the beginning of August, indicators of the health of the US economy — manufacturing production, consumer spending, home prices, and others — have remained mixed, with economists keeping their estimates of the current pace of economic growth at around 1.9-2.0 percent.
At that pace, the FOMC members were also worried about the economy's ability to withstand shocks.
“Many participants judged that a high level of uncertainty about possible spillovers from the fiscal and banking strains in the euro area” was holding up business and household spending, the minutes said.
“And they saw the possibilities of an intensification of strains in the euro area and of a sharper-than-anticipated US fiscal consolidation as significant downside risks to the economic outlook.”
Although the Fed officials mostly agreed that the US financial and business sector had grown more resilient since the 2008-2009 crisis, “some were concerned that at its current pace, the recovery was still vulnerable to adverse shocks.”
Economist Michael Gregory at BMO Capital Markets said that, based on the wording of the minutes — especially the lack of a near-unanimous view of the situation — he doubted the Fed was ready to launch a new bond-buying program.
Instead, the next move would more likely be an adjustment in their communications of their bearish economic view and their policy aims and intentions in September, as a way of pressing interest rates lower.
Even so, he said, “September's likely easing action is unlikely to be the Fed's last.”
The dollar fell against the euro while US interest rates fell sharply after the release of the FOMC minutes. At 1900 GMT the euro was at $1.2530, up from $1.2443 earlier in the day. The yield on the 30-year US Treasury bond dropped 0.8 percentage point to 2.83 percent.
US stocks meanwhile got a boost from the announcement after trading in negative territory for most of the day. The S&P 500 was up about 0.2 percent.
Image copyright iStock
A growing number of people refuse to be put into male or female categories, either because they do not identify as male or female, or because they are going through transition to the opposite gender.
Germany, Australia, Nepal and Pakistan now offer a third gender option on official forms with other countries set to follow suit. And scientists are finding more evidence to suggest that even biological sex is a spectrum.
Do we need to re-imagine our binary world and rethink one of the most basic parts of our identity?
Four experts talk to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme.
Brin Bixby: Gender is a cultural construction
Brin Bixby was brought up as a boy, and went on to get married and father children before coming out as bigender. She set up Bigender.net, which reflects the view that gender is a spectrum.
"In college I wore a dress on Halloween, and it was supposed to be a joke, and the people helping me thought it was going to be hyper-real, exaggerated. [But] I didn't want to be a drag queen, I wanted to be a woman, and I think it took people by surprise.
"It was the first time I looked in the mirror and saw myself. People interacted with me as a woman: they saw me the way I wanted them to.
Image copyright Brin Bixby Image caption Brin Bixby founded the website she wishes had been available for her younger self
"I would be most comfortable if I didn't have to think about my gender, but unfortunately that's not how it works for me and a lot of other non-binary people.
"We have a cultural understanding of what gender is and looks like, and in the west we have a very binary view of it. My sense of gender as a part of my identity shifts.
"I present as a woman everywhere I go, except for at work and at my children's school, because it gets very exhausting to have to explain gender fluidity to everyone I meet.
"Ideally we would not make gender such a huge focus of our culture, which would give people the freedom to inhabit their gender in ways that feels most comfortable to them.
"What we're seeing now is a relaxation of the sense of binary amongst younger people and internet-savvy people who are inhabiting much more fluid spaces."
Mark Gevisser: Accept the gender continuum
Writer Mark Gevisser explores gender identities across different cultures.
"We know there's a gender continuum, because there have always been effeminate boys and masculine girls. Transgender is certainly not a western phenomenon. In many cultures all over the world there are traditionally third gender or gender-fluid identities.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hijra activists in Hyderabad protest against the stigma and discrimination they sometimes face
"There are the Hijras in India, what are known as two-spirited people in Native American culture, Muxe in Mexico, and the Bakla in the Philippines. The space these people have occupied has receded with the spread of the Judeo-Christian ethic and western culture, but they're still very much there.
"There's a tendency in the west to idealise these. But the truth is that if you're Bakla or two-spirited, there are only certain things in your culture you can do. In India, the Hijras are basically cast out of society, only good for begging and sex work. So it's not necessarily a great life.
"I was talking to a remarkable gender therapist named Diane [Erinsaft] and I suddenly started worrying that if she'd been around when I was a little boy, I might have been turned into a little girl. She laughed and said 'No, you're definitely a guy'.
"But we started talking about the potential risk of the transgender movement establishing new binaries where, if you have a girly boy, and you're worried about how effeminate this child is, you could very easily solve the problem by taking the child to the doctor and the doctor can wave a wand and say 'Your girly boy is now a princess'.
"Wouldn't it be better if we had a society that just raised children so that it was okay to be a tomboyish girl, or a girly boy, and to explore that?
"Diane speaks about 'gender smoothies'; she got this from one of her patients who said 'I'm not a girl or a boy, I'm a gender smoothie, I mix it all up together'."
Dr Imran Mushtaq: Doctors increasingly recognise complexity of defining sex
Dr Imran Mushtaq is a consultant paediatric urologist who works with children with differences in sex development (DDS) at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London. Around 1 in 1500 babies are born with DDS but up to 1 in 100 people have less obvious differences.
"Absolutely sex is a spectrum. It's not binary in any way and we are slowly coming to understand this.
"As a specialist working in this area for the last 12 years, I've seen us transitioning so much in the way we think about sex and the way we treat children in whom the sex is not clear, and we are increasingly becoming aware how complex the issue is.
"How do you define what sex a child is? Is it the physical characteristics, the genitalia - do they have testicles, do they have ovaries or do they have both? Is it their chromosomes, is it their hormones?
"You can have a child whose chromosomes are XX, typical of what you'd associate with being female, yet their genitalia looks like a boy.
Image copyright iStock Image caption Medical attitudes to those with differences in sex development are shifting away from surgery
"Ten or 20 years ago when children were born with this kind of problems, there was very little discussion about not doing surgery. It was almost a given that the child would need surgery to make it a boy or a girl.
"As a doctor and surgeon, I'm increasingly uncomfortable about undertaking what is irreversible surgery.
"We know that the outcomes of surgeries that were undertaken 10, 20 years ago are not necessarily as good as we would like them to be. Now is the next stage: in 10 or 20 years' time we will find out the outcome of not doing the surgery or maintaining these children in a certain sex, whereas previously they would have been changed to a different sex.
"I don't think we should have gender categories. I don't think that sex should be on birth certificates, I don't think sex should be on driving licences and I don't think sex should be on passports.
"We are just what we are. We have a name, we have a date of birth, give us a number."
Tamara Adrian: We must work towards a more gender fluid world
Tamara Adrian is Venezuela's first transgender congresswoman although since it has not been possible legally to change your gender in Venezuela since 1998, she was sworn in under her old name, as a man.
"I've been saying for more than 15 years that gender as a legal category must be suppressed, because it is a way to deny rights or grant rights to male or female. Gender has the same effect that race or religion had in the past: there were two groups, one that was privileged and had rights, another that was underprivileged and didn't have rights.
"It is exactly the same with gender. If you are male, you have rights that females don't have, and this legal category of male and female is still being used to prevent equal rights: for instance, when you advertise a job and ask for someone you say female or male.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Venezuela's first transgender congresswomen is a lawyer and long-term advocate for equality
"I think [the idea of a legal third gender] will be the first test for this future solution in which gender will be suppressed in the legal document.
"It could be a solution because initially some of the [gender fluid] people in Nepal or India or Pakistan were not able to legally exist. They were not able to vote or go to school, and in general they were deprived of any basic rights. So it is an alternative in these countries.
"In other countries such as Australia which do not categorise a person within the male or female boxes, it's the first step in order to have a much more gender fluid world. But in Australia, for instance, they are allowing people to choose not to be considered legally male or female. But in those cases, you are deprived of the right of marriage.
"We see a little of the possibility [of a less binary future] when you talk about a metrosexual man, or you see women that allow themselves a suit one day and the following day to use a dress with high heels.
"That's part of this gender fluid world in which you are not prevented to use the clothes that you want or to express your gender in the way you want."
The Inquiry is broadcast on the BBC World Service on Tuesdays from 12:05 GMT. Listen online or download the podcast.
WASHINGTON — For months, President Trump and his aides have insisted that they had no contact with Russian officials during the presidential campaign, a denial Mr. Trump repeated last week.
“I have nothing to do with Russia,” he told reporters on Thursday. “To the best of my knowledge, no person that I deal with does.”
The denial stands at odds with statements by Russian officials, who have at least twice acknowledged contacts with aides to Mr. Trump before the election.
It is not uncommon for a presidential campaign to speak to foreign officials, which makes the dispute particularly unusual. At the same time, any contacts would have taken place during a period when American intelligence agencies believe the Russian government was trying to disrupt the election with a campaign of computer hacking.
Getty Images
Commissioner Roger Goodell said seven years ago that he'd like the NFL to reach $25 billion in annual revenue by 2027. The league is roughly on track to get there.
Daniel Kaplan of SportsBusiness Journal reports that the NFL expects to generate $14 billion in 2017. That's a $6 billion increase from 2010, when the NFL racked up $8 billion.
This year's increase, per Kaplan, came from the Thursday Night Football package and the opening of the new U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis. The opening of the Falcons' new stadium and the Chargers' move to L.A. could contribute to future increases, culminating in what should be a major increase when the Chargers and Rams move into their new stadium in Inglewood.
Getting to $25 billion per year by 2027 remains a challenge, especially in light of the complexities of the next wave of TV deals and potential challenges to holding the domestic audience together and growing the sport internationally.
Gladys Bentley – Singing the Hokum Blues
Gladys Bentley was an outrageous, cross-dressing lesbian blues singer and piano player. Wearing her tuxedo and top hat, she sang hokum blues in the New York gay club scene in the late 1920's and 1930's. Openly exploiting her lesbian identity, her lewd lyrics and sexual innuendo became a hallmark of the hokum blues style. She wowed audiences with her powerful voice and obscene parodies of popular songs while flirting with the women in the audience.
“This masculine lady would play piano all night without stopping, as her feet pounded the floor while her fingers pounded the keyboard”.
Born in Philadelphia in 1907, Bentley left Pennsylvania at 16 to be part of the Harlem Renaissance, where African-Americans were making music, art and literature in an explosion of creativity in New York. Bentley soon became an in-demand singer and pianist at Harlem nightspots. She was known as the “Brown Bomber of Sophisticated Songs” and headlined at popular speakeasies and nightclubs. She created her own musical review with a chorus of eight male dancers in drag, the primary attraction of the well-known Ubangi Club in Harlem.
Bentley's fame peaked in the late 1920s and early 1930s, boosted by a series of 78s on OKeh Records, and a short-run weekly radio show. On neither her records nor her radio show was she as raunchy or as open about her sexuality as in her stage persona.
In the late 1930's, the Harlem Renaissance waned. The repeal of prohibition, the Great Depression and political riots contributed to the decline of Harlem's night scene. Bentley relocated to California where she found success on stage again, performing in lesbian bars. In Los Angeles though, the local authorities prohibited her from wearing trousers during her act. Bentley's performances were sometimes so “obscene” that clubs were raided by police.
In the 1950's the limited tolerance for homosexuals collapsed and the “witch hunts” were viscous. Bentley, who had been open about her sexuality, was a sitting duck. She started wearing dresses and fabricated an article for Ebony entitled “I am Woman Again” where she claimed to be cured of her lesbianism and return to heterosexuality and femininity through taking hormones.
During this time, there was a clear shift in Bentley's gender performance. Instead of her usual men's attire, she performed in a dress with flowers in her hair on the TV variety show “You Bet Your Life”. Gladys Bentley on “You Bet Your Life” – YouTube She performed a version of “Them There Eyes” dressed as a glamours women.
Aside from her musical talent, Gladys Bentley was a significant and inspiring for the LGBT community. She was a powerful figure for African Americans during the Harlem Renaissance.
Gladys was about to become an ordained minister when she died of a flu epidemic in 1960 at the age of 53. She gained her place as a Hokum blues singer, and a pioneer of those vintage days.
By Diane Dienstman
spotify:artist:5byQk5bPDb10356SOJJeU9
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
LinkedIn
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Dear Savvy Senior,
Are there any worthwhile discounts available to people with disabilities, and if so, how can I find them? My wife - who's 48 - has Multiple Sclerosis that now requires her to use a wheelchair.
--Need to Save
Dear Need,
There are actually a wide variety of discounts and services available to people with disabilities and those living with a chronic illness that can literally save you hundreds and even thousands of dollars each year. Here are some tips to help you find them.
Always Ask
The first thing to know is that most businesses that offer discounts to people with disabilities or their escorts don't publicize them, so it's important to always ask.
Also note that most nonprofit organizations and government agencies that provide disabled services or benefits will require proof of disability through a letter from your doctor or some other form of verification before they will accommodate you.
Search Locally
The disabled discounts available to your wife will vary depending on where you live, so a good place to start is to contact the local chapter of the nonprofit organization that specializes in your particular disease or disability - in your wife's case that would be the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
Local chapters often know where to find discounts on the medical supplies, mobility equipment and support services. Some organizations have even negotiated special discounted rates with suppliers, and a few even provide subsidized equipment directly.
To search for other disability or disease specific organizations, use any Internet search engine, any type in your disease or disability followed by organizations - for example "Arthritis Organizations" or "Hearing Loss Organizations."
Search Online
DisabledDiscounts.com is one of the best resources for finding disabled discounts online. This is a free website that lists thousands of discounts in all 50 states. You search by state and county in 30 different categories ranging from assistive technology to federal and state tax discounts, entertainment to education and so much more.
Also visit Benefits.gov and BenefitsCheckUp.org, two great sites that will help you look for financial assistance programs your wife and you may be eligible for, and will tell you how to apply. And see Disability.gov, a site that connects people with disabilities to helpful programs and services in your area.
Types of Discounts
Here are a few examples of the different types of disabled discounts and services that are out there.
Recreation: Most movie theaters, museums, zoos, theme parks and aquariums provide reduced admission to people with disabilities or their escort. And, the National Park Service offers the "America The Beautiful Access Pass" to disabled residents, which provides a lifetime of free access into all national parks and federal recreational lands.
Taxes: There are numerous federal tax deductions and credits available to people with disabilities, and a number of states and counties also offer property tax deductions to disabled homeowners.
Utilities: Many utility companies, including electric, gas, phone, water and trash services offer discounts to customers who are disabled, elderly or low income.
Communication devices: 47 states have equipment distribution programs (see tedpa.org) that offer free amplified telephones to residents with hearing impairment.
Home modifications: There are a number of federal, state, local and nonprofit organizations that help pay for home accessibility improvements like wheelchair ramps, handrails and grab bars for elderly and disabled people in need.
Travel: Amtrak offers a 15 percent rail fare discount to adult passengers with a disability and up to one traveling companion.
Reading services: For those with vision or physical impairments that make it difficult for them to read, the Library of Congress offers a "Talking Books" program that provides free audiobooks, magazines and audio equipment. And the National Federation of the Blind offers a free newspaper and magazine reading service at nfbnewslineonline.org.
This blog post discusses a Python 3 approach that's heavily centered on the 2to3 tool. These days, I'm much more in favor of the "in place" approach, even if still supporting as far back as Python 2.4. Mako 0.7.4 is now an "in place" library, supporting Python2.4-3.x with no changes. For a good introduction to the "in place" approach, see Supporting Python 2 and 3 without 2to3 conversion .
Just the other day, Ben asked me, "OK, where is there an online HOWTO of how to port to Python 3?". I hit the Google expecting to see at least three or four blog posts with the basic steps, an overview, the things Guido laid out for us at Pycon '10 (and maybe even '09 ? don't remember). Surprisingly, other than the link to the 2to3 tool and Guido's original guide, there aren't a whole lot.
So here are my steps which I've used to produce released versions of SQLAlchemy and Mako on Pypi which are cross-compatible for Py2k and Py3k.
So we fix all those things. If our code needs to support old versions of Python as well, like 2.3 or 2.4, we may have to use runtime version and/or library detection for some things - as an example, Python 2.4 doesn't have collections.Callable . More on that later. For now let's assume we can get our whole test suite to pass without any warnings with the -3 flags.
Run your test suite with Python 2.6 or 2.7, using the -3 flags. Make sure there are no warnings. Such as, using the following ridiculous program:
2. Run the whole library through 2to3 and see how we do
This is the step we're all familiar with. Run the 2to3 tool to get a first pass. Such as, when I run the 2to3 tool on Mako:
classics-MacBook-Pro:mako classic$ 2to3 mako/ test/ -w
2to3 dumps out to stdout everything it's doing, and with the -w flag it also rewrites the files in place. I usually do a clone of my source tree to a second, scratch tree so that I can make alterations to the original, Py2K tree as I go along, which remains the Python 2.x source that gets committed.
It's typical with a larger application or library that some things, or even many things, didn't survive the 2to3 process intact.
In the case of SQLAlchemy, along with the usual string/unicode/bytes types of issues, we had problems regarding the name changes of iteritems() to items() and itervalues() to values() on dictionary types - some of our custom dictionary types would be broken. When your code produces no warnings with -3 and the 2to3 tool is still producing non-working code, there are three general approaches towards achieving cross-compatibility, listed here from lowest to highest severity.
2a. Try to replace idioms that break in Py3K with cross-version ones Easiest is if the code in question can be modified so that it works on both platforms, as run through the 2to3 tool for the Py3k version. This is generally where a lot of the bytes/unicode issues wind up. Such as, code like this: hexlify ( somestring ) ...doesn't work in Py3k, hexlify() needs bytes . So a change like this might be appropriate: hexlify ( somestring . encode ( 'utf-8' )) or in Mako, the render() method returns an encoded string, which on Py3k is bytes . A unit test was doing this: html_error = template . render () assert "RuntimeError: test" in html_error We fixed it to instead say this: html_error = template . render () assert "RuntimeError: test" in str ( html_error )
2b. Use Runtime Version Flags to Handle Usage / Library Incompatibilities SQLAlchemy has a util package which includes code similar to this: import sys py3k = sys . version_info >= ( 3 , 0 ) py3k_flag = getattr ( sys , 'py3kwarning' , False ) py26 = sys . version_info >= ( 2 , 6 ) jython = sys . platform . startswith ( 'java' ) win32 = sys . platform . startswith ( 'win' ) This is basically getting some flags upfront that we can use to select behaviors specific to different platforms. Other parts of the library can say from sqlalchemy.util import py3k if we need to switch off some runtime behavior for Py3k (or Jython, or an older Python version). In Mako we use this flag to do things like switching among 'unicode' and 'str' template filters: if util . py3k : self . default_filters = [ 'str' ] else : self . default_filters = [ 'unicode' ] We use it to mark certain unit tests as unsupported ( skip_if() is a decorator we use in our Nose tests which raises SkipTest if the given expression is True ): @skip_if ( lambda : util . py3k ) def test_quoting_non_unicode ( self ): # ... For our previously mentioned issue with callable() (which apparently is coming back in Python 3.2), we have a block in SQLAlchemy's compat.py module like this, which returns to us callable() , cmp() , and reduce() : if py3k : def callable ( fn ): return hasattr ( fn , '__call__' ) def cmp ( a , b ): return ( a > b ) - ( a < b ) from functools import reduce else : callable = __builtin__ . callable cmp = __builtin__ . cmp reduce = __builtin__ . reduce
Remember all the buzz when Jozy Altidore first signed for Sunderland? He'd just scored a plethora of goals in the Eredivisie and was ready to return to the EPL and take it by storm! Yes, the manager at the time was a bit crazy, but the team had survived relegation. Surely Jozy could knock in ten goals and guide the Black Cats to mid-table security? Right?
Then, this season happened.
Things have only gone from bad to worse to the worst possible then worst impossible to impossibly, improbably worst yet. The loco manager who signed him got axed. The new guy said Jozy had great holdup play, but then in January stopped giving him starts. Most recently, Jozy ill-advisedly blamed the new manager's tactics for his lack of goals, and is now so out of favor that a 21 year-old is staring in place of him.
I don't blame Guy Poyet or Jozy for being frustrated. When you are at a relegation-threatened club, it's stressful. Most importantly, it often means the club has some management issues above and around you (as evidenced by the club signing and fielding an ineligible player for a month). You also are are not surrounded by the comparatively the best players possible. Soccer is a brutal sport and the Premier League is not for the faint of heart: every Saturday, you play the best in front of millions and the whole world watches you suffer. It's Rome sans the lions and thumbs down.
Soccer is one of those weird sports where you need your teammates to be better than the opposition. There's no star running back who will run mazes around the entire defense. There's no Kobe Bryant dropping 60 plus on a given night. If, say, only 3 of your starting XI teammates are comparable to the other side, and the other 8 are hopelessly over-matched, then you are going to suffer for 90 minutes. As a defender, this can be valuable practice. As a midfielder, it means lots of tracking back and cardio. As a forward, it means long spells of boredom punctuated by the odd half-chance.
Here, though, is where Jozy has to take some blame: why did he sign for a team that barely scrapped by? Generally, if you barely survive one season, the next won't be any better. Of course, clubs often transfer players against their will. Still, Jozy didn't have to agree to personal terms. He could have tested the waters elsewhere. Perhaps climbing up to PSV Eindoven or Ajax? Financially, I'm sure he got a nice big wage bump and thought of the glamor of playing in England, but but but…
On the other hand, more optimistically, sometimes a relegation-threatened team will climb the ladder. Geoff Cameron's time at Stoke has been fruitful. As a defender, expected to defend, he is getting some pretty solid workouts when going toe-to-toe with EPL attackers. He also doesn't get as much stick as Jozy: nobody expects him to score (despite a chronic lack of service). In fact, if he whips in a handful of crosses in a game, it's considered a solid offensive contribution.
And, of course, if you sign for a lower club then you may become the relegation hero ala Brian McBride at Clint Demspey at Fulham in years past. Still, I recall the buzz and cheer at Dempsey scored against Liverpool to keep the Fulham in the topflight. My immediate thought? Dude – try to leave for a better club this summer! If you are that close to the fire, then move away.
At this point, I don't see Sunderland climbing the ladder, avoiding the drop, or Jozy becoming a hero. Just a scapegoat. The fans are mad their club spent six million pounds on a striker who has only scored one league goal in 25 appearances. US fans, meanwhile, are perhaps a bit unsettled that Jozy signed for a relegation-threatened club in a World Cup year. Is there a better way to kill your confidence?
Eerily, his current stats mirror the year he spent at Hull on loan: one goal in 28 games. All US players seduced by a paycheck in pounds would do well to first look at a club's standing before signing a contract. Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
Check out Elliott's Soccer eBook, An Illustrated Guide to Soccer & Spanish, for only $4 at Amazon. Here's a free preview.
Image caption Children are particularly at risk of the effects of passive smoking in their own homes
The first global study into the effects of passive smoking has estimated it causes 600,000 deaths every year.
One-third of those killed are children, often exposed to smoke at home, the World Health Organization (WHO) suggested.
The November 2010 study, in 192 countries, concluded passive smoking is particularly dangerous for children, who are said to be at higher risk of sudden infant death syndrome, pneumonia and asthma.
Passive smoking has been linked to heart disease, respiratory illness and lung cancer.
"This helps us understand the real toll of tobacco," said Armando Peruga, of the WHO's Tobacco-Free Initiative, who led the study.
'Deadly combination'
It used estimates of the incidence of specific diseases and of the number of people exposed to second-hand smoke in particular areas.
The global health body said it was particularly concerned about the estimated 165,000 children who die of smoke-related respiratory infections, mostly in South East Asia and in Africa.
It said that this group was more exposed to passive smoking than any other group, principally in their own homes.
"The mix of infectious diseases and second-hand smoke is a deadly combination," Mr Peruga said.
An education programme to help people understand the dangers they cause to these children would be a starting point. Tio Terry Have your say
As well as being at increased risk of a series of respiratory conditions, the lungs of children who breathe in passive smoke may also develop more slowly than children who grow up in smoke-free homes.
Worldwide, as many as 40% of children, 33% of non-smoking men and 35% non-smoking women were exposed to second-hand smoke in 2004, researchers found.
This exposure was estimated to have caused 379,000 deaths from heart disease, 165,000 from lower respiratory infections, 36,900 from asthma and 21,400 from lung cancer.
According to the study, the highest numbers of people exposed to second-hand smoke are in Europe and Asia and the lowest rates of exposure were in the Americas, the Eastern Mediterranean and Africa.
The research also revealed that passive smoking had a large impact on women, killing about 281,000 worldwide. This is due to the fact that in many parts of the world, the study suggests, women are at least 50% more likely to be exposed to second-hand smoke than men.
However, the researchers said were limitations to the study, including uncertainties about the underlying health data and gaps in the data relating to exposure to second-hand smoke.
Writing in the Lancet, Dr Heather Wipfli of the University of Southern California and colleagues, said: "There are well acknowledged uncertainties in estimates of disease burden.
"However, there can be no question that the 1.2bn smokers in the world are exposing billions of non-smokers to second-hand smoke, a disease-causing indoor air pollutant."
SAN ANTONIO — When he made a tribute video for the Spurs last month, Colin Stanton said he didn't think it would gain much traction.
YouTube is filled with fan-made dunk highlight reels of NBA stars, while his Spurs video, “The Beautiful Game,” features crisp passing and layups.
The reaction to his video wasn't a gradual buildup like a developing spur play. Instead, it was a fast-break slam dunk.
Three days after the video was posted to YouTube, it had more than 1 million views.
Stanton is one of many fans who have shared their love of the Spurs online, as Spurs appreciation has spread globally. There are Spurs tribute videos, songs and fan art as Spurs memes spread through YouTube and Twitter.
More Information
Spurs - The Beautiful Game
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMtWtQj6pzA
| King Kyle Lee - All Spurs Everything
Kevin Russell - Manu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PWR_VITiqPA
| Igo Mendoza Gallegos - Go Espurs Go
Read More
“The old misconception of the Spurs being boring has gone out the window,” Stanton said. “People everywhere love watching the Spurs play.”
Stanton's video opens with Magic Johnson describing the beauty of Spurs basketball and shows a series of highlights set to classical music.
Stanton, 26, said he spent about a month collecting highlights to make the video.
He posted it before Game 1 of the Western Conference finals and it reached 1.5 million views in a week before an NBA representative emailed him to take it down because of a copyright issue.
Stanton, who lives in San Diego, California, said he made the video since he became a Spurs fan through his love of international basketball.
With the Spurs' nine international players, they're picking up many fans outside South Texas.
“A lot of people have felt the same way I do about the Spurs for a lot of years, and I did my best to show that,” Stanton said. “I always feel like the Spurs don't exist in the media for 11 months of the year outside of San Antonio, so I wanted to make a video for people to appreciate them.”
Spurs viral videos aren't just done by fans. A clip of the Spurs as White Walkers from the HBO show “Game of Thrones” was made by the Turner company Bleacher Report, and ESPN had artist Richard Swarbrick animate a video of Manu Ginobili's clutch 3-pointer in Game 6 against Oklahoma City.
The Spurs page or “subreddit” on the online forum Reddit is one of the more popular team pages on the site, with more than 4,300 subscribers
For comparison, the Miami Heat have more than 5,000 and the Dallas Mavericks about 2,300. The forum's main NBA page has more than 185,000 subscribers.
“I remember in 2007, we had the label as boring, slow and old, and nobody outside of San Antonio was giving the Spurs much credit,” said Jeff Goldner, 22, a moderator of the Reddit page, r/NBASpurs. “Now that there's an online appreciation of the Spurs, I bet the majority of Spurs fans on Reddit don't live in San Antonio.”
While video editors such as Stanton express their Spurs love with montages, several musicians in silver and black have made tribute songs.
During last year's NBA final run, local rapper King Kyle Lee recorded “All Spurs Everything,” which samples the Trinidad James song “All Gold Everything.” Lee's video has more than 350,000 YouTube views.
“Coach Pop winning the game/Danny Green making it rain,” says one of the lyrics, as Lee names every player on the roster.
For this season's run, Lee released an updated version on SoundCloud with a mariachi backing band. A former University of the Incarnate Word basketball player, Lee has a white gold and diamond Spurs necklace that he said is worth about $8,000.
“I just got so tired of everybody doubting the Spurs last year that I wanted to do something about it,” Lee said. “I was a little shocked when I gained a lot of fans online because of it.”
Kevin Russell, an Austin native whose wife is from San Antonio, is a longtime Spurs fan who remembers being in the Alamodome in 1995 on the night Selena was killed. Russell, the lead singer of the Gourds and of a side project Shinyribs, wrote “Manu” in honor of his favorite player.
“Once killed a bat with his bare hands/In the middle of a game to protect the fans,” Russell sings.
“I was just strumming one day when I came up with it,” he said. “What Manu does is just stuff of legend, so the lyrics came pretty naturally.”
There are many other tribute songs online, including the mariachi-ish “Go Espurs Go” by Igo Mendoza Gallegos, which keeps gaining attention as it's discovered by new fans at every playoff run.
One thing all the fans making tributes said was that they don't want attention for themselves; they just want the Spurs to get the recognition they deserve.
“I just want people to appreciate the Spurs in full,” Stanton said. “If I helped in some way, that's great, but all the inspiration comes from the Spurs. I guess that mentality is kind of like the Spurs, too. (Coach) Pop would like that.”
lchan@express-news.net
Twitter:@lornechan
It's been a difficult sophomore season for Kelly Olynyk, one in which his toughness has been challenged on several occasions.
Just four days ago, mammoth Clippers center DeAndre Jordan literally grabbed a defensive rebound out of Olynyk's hands and then scored in the 7-footer's face with no resistance.
Olynyk needs to spend this summer in the weight room getting stronger, and perhaps a few weeks playing pickup at Rucker Park in Harlem would add to his fortitude. Olynyk didn't exactly endear himself to the organization by missing 18 games with a sprained right ankle. And since his return a month ago, he has been hesitant to engage or shoot.
Advertisement
Strangely, Olynyk sparkled in Wednesday's critical 100-87 win over the Pacers despite sporting a left eye that was grotesquely swollen after taking an elbow from teammate Shavlik Randolph during a pregame one-on-one session. Mike Tyson's opponents during the former heavyweight champ's prime came out looking less battered than Olynyk did after his collision with Randolph.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
It was so bleak that Celtics coach Brad Stevens said it was “very unlikely” Olynyk would even play.
But there he was prior to the game, sprinting out to the court with teammate Phil Pressey to take shots and laughing with team president Danny Ainge, who played in an era where black eyes were considered love taps.
Olynyk looked comfortable, if not handsome pregame, then tallied 19 points in 22 minutes as the Celtics responded with a second significant win following the Clippers' drubbing.
It was a performance that adds to Olynyk's confounding career so far. There are times when he visibly lacks confidence, lumbers around the floor, makes defensive mistakes, and passes up open shots.
Advertisement
And there are nights such as Wednesday when he shoots with passion and confidence, moves without the ball, and uses his athleticism to out-pace defenders.
He was 7 for 10 from the floor, including 3 for 4 from the 3-point line. On his final 3-pointer, a right-elbow shot that extended Boston's lead to 94-78 with 3:53 left, Olynyk held his shooting hand in the air as if he were Woody Harrelson's stunt double in “White Men Can't Jump.” It was an act of confidence, a shot that he has to knock down consistently to stay on the court.
“[Tuesday] night I went in the gym and got a lot of shots up, just kind of repped it out and just felt really good,” he said.
“Today I was feeling good, before the game I was feeling good even after I got hit, I came back out and tried it out so I knew I was going to have a good one tonight.”
After getting elbowed, Olynyk went to the eye doctor and rejected offers to dilate his eyes because he wanted to play. So they sutured up the wound and he was ready.
Advertisement
The Celtics have been seeking this type of toughness from Olynyk for the past several months, patiently waiting as he gains comfort.
Stevens has stressed aggressiveness to Olynyk, but the former point guard acknowledged he has trouble taking shots that aren't in the flow of the offense, even if they are open.
“He was active, he got his hands on balls, defensively, he got a couple of rebounds but also got a couple of tip-outs and kept balls alive that other people corralled,” Stevens said. “The biggest thing is when he makes shots, he gives us a guy that spreads the floor. He gives us a guy that can pass. That passing ability is pretty unique for a guy his size. Obviously we need him to play well for us to be as good as we can be.”
Olynyk has scored 44 points in his past three games on 18-for-31 shooting as the Celtics are vying for one of the final two playoff spots in the Eastern Conference.
It's been an erratic season for the second-year forward/center. Opposing teams have challenged his ability to shoot and he has balked. Miami center Hassan Whiteside literally tried pushing him into a stanchion last month. Olynyk made the classy move of accepting Whiteside's apology, but his forgiving, nice-guy attitude didn't help his reputation as a player who refrains from confrontation.
Olynyk showed his organization something Wednesday, and the Celtics are hoping it leads to a more rugged and productive player.
Gary Washburn can be reached at gwashburn@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @GwashburnGlobe
Today we are happy to announce the release of Go 1.7. You can get it from the download page. There are several significant changes in this release: a port for Linux on IBM z Systems (s390x), compiler improvements, the addition of the context package, and support for hierarchical tests and benchmarks.
A new compiler back end, based on static single-assignment form (SSA), has been under development for the past year. By representing a program in SSA form, a compiler may perform advanced optimizations more easily. This new back end generates more compact, more efficient code that includes optimizations like bounds check elimination and common subexpression elimination. We observed a 5–35% speedup across our benchmarks. For now, the new backend is only available for the 64-bit x86 platform ("amd64"), but we're planning to convert more architecture backends to SSA in future releases.
The compiler front end uses a new, more compact export data format, and processes import declarations more efficiently. While these changes across the compiler toolchain are mostly invisible, users have observed a significant speedup in compile time and a reduction in binary size by as much as 20–30%.
Programs should run a bit faster due to speedups in the garbage collector and optimizations in the standard library. Programs with many idle goroutines will experience much shorter garbage collection pauses than in Go 1.6.
Over the past few years, the golang.org/x/net/context package has proven to be essential to many Go applications. Contexts are used to great effect in applications related to networking, infrastructure, and microservices (such as Kubernetes and Docker). They make it easy to enable cancelation, timeouts, and passing request-scoped data. To make use of contexts within the standard library and to encourage more extensive use, the package has been moved from the x/net repository to the standard library as the context package. Support for contexts has been added to the net, net/http, and os/exec packages. For more information about contexts, see the package documentation and the Go blog post Go Concurrency Patterns: Context.
Go 1.5 introduced experimental support for a "vendor" directory, enabled by the GO15VENDOREXPERIMENT environment variable. Go 1.6 enabled this behavior by default, and in Go 1.7, this switch has been removed and the "vendor" behavior is always enabled.
Go 1.7 includes many more additions, improvements, and fixes. Find the complete set of changes, and details of the points above, in the Go 1.7 release notes.
Finally, the Go team would like to thank everyone who contributed to the release. 170 people contributed to this release, including 140 from the Go community. These contributions ranged from changes to the compiler and linker, to the standard library, to documentation, and code reviews. We welcome contributions; if you'd like to get involved, check out the contribution guidelines.
By Chris Broadfoot
Prenda Law sued thousands of people over allegations of illegally distributing adult movies before its business was brought to a crashing halt by a series of judicial sanctions. The lawyers behind Prenda—Paul Duffy, John Steele, and Paul Hansmeier—steadfastly maintained that those sanctions were unwarranted, and they appealed.
On Thursday, the US Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit became the first appeals court to weigh in on their arguments. It didn't think much of them. The first sentence of the 24-page opinion suggested where things were going to go. "The first rule of holes, according to an old saying, is to stop digging," wrote Chief Judge Diane Wood on behalf of the three-judge panel.
Duffy, Steele, and Hansmeier chose to appeal a lower court order that they should pay attorneys' fees to Anthony Smith, one of their erstwhile defendants in a porn-downloading lawsuit, as well as SBC Internet and Comcast, two giant Internet providers they unwisely prodded with a lawsuit. "They did not, however, file a motion either to clarify the nature of the sanctions or to stay the order," noted Wood. "Instead, they simply did not pay."
The district court found that "there was no excuse for their behavior," however. It held them in civil contempt and added 10 percent to the fee award. At that point, Prenda had paid for a bond of $287,000, which covered their sanction and interest through April. That payment allowed them to proceed with this appeal, which has now failed.
It's the first big loss for Prenda at an appeals court. With nowhere else to turn, it will be Prenda's costliest setback yet.
Subpoenaed and sued
This appeal relates to one of Prenda's oddly constructed "anti-hacking" lawsuits, the purpose of which appeared to be to get discovery through state (rather than federal) court. Working on behalf of a porn studio called Lightspeed Media, Prenda lawyers filed a suit against a single John Doe defendant, claiming he had used a "widely shared 'hacked' password." Lightspeed then identified 6,600 other "co-conspirators," although the only alleged act in this conspiracy was apparently using the same password.
When they served subpoenas on ISPs demanding personal information for the 6,600 users, the ISPs didn't provide them. Instead, they filed a motion to quash the subpoenas. Prenda, apparently feeling at the top of its game, actually sued the ISPs as co-conspirators, accusing them of everything from negligence to deceptive practices and violating the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act.
The appeals opinion recounts how, after the disastrous hearing in Los Angeles, Duffy, Steele, and Hansmeier began dismissing cases filed around the country. When they dismissed their case against the John Doe defendant now named as Anthony Smith, he responded with a motion for attorney's fees. The judge granted it in October, finding that the lawsuit against Smith "smacked of bullying pretense." Later, he granted fees to the ISPs as well.
The appeals judges recounted, and swatted down, each of the various excuses the Prenda lawyers brought up as to why the six-figure contempt order should be overruled. The lawyers argued that they weren't served properly and didn't have a proper chance to be heard in court. They argued that the fee motions weren't timely and that they weren't itemized correctly. Finally, they argued that they simply could not pay.
The trio of lawyers also "throw a variety of arguments regarding the substantive ruling against the wall, with the hope that one might stick," wrote Wood. "None does."
Noticed and heard
The opinion begins by dismantling the shell game of law firms and companies set up by Team Prenda. Duffy, Steele, and Hansmeier shifted their story about who they were working for, but it all used the same set of names and addresses. To take just one instance, the judges saw that the Steele Hansmeier firm was listed at the same Chicago address that Prenda used in its 2011 application to do business in Florida.
At one point, Steele and Hansmeier complained that Hansmeier was showing up representing "Alpha Law Firm, not Prenda Law," but the appeals judges wrote that "the district court had ample reason to find the Prenda/Alpha distinction illusory at best, fraudulent at worst."
Steele and Hansmeier's own lawyer couldn't explain the difference between Prenda and Alpha Law, a fact that Judge Diane Sykes called "shocking" during the hearing. The opinion states:
Little more need be said. We are disappointed that the appellants' own attorney, Daniel J. Voelker, was either unable or unwilling to tell us at oral argument about the precise relationship between Prenda and Alpha Law, despite its relevance for the issues on appeal. No matter: we have enough to conclude with confidence that notice to Duffy was reasonably calculated to apprise Steele and Hansmeier of the pendency of the motion. For the icing on the cake, we add that the district court also found that Steele received actual notice via email.
When their claims that they didn't get proper notice of sanctions hearings became irrelevant, their argument "shifted to one focusing on the adequacy of their opportunity to respond," wrote Wood. "It is too late to change theories, however, and the district court correctly ruled that whatever procedural flaw there may have been been fully corrected by affording a new opportunity for a hearing."
The Prenda-linked lawyers had a multitude of chances to tell their story, going right back to their April 2013 appearance in US District Judge Otis Wright's courtroom, where they chose to plead their right to not self-incriminate under the Fifth Amendment rather than explain their operations. In the present case, "Hansmeier explained in detail why he thought that sanctions should not be imposed against him," and Steele spoke as well. "This more than sufficed as an opportunity to be heard."
Outrageous and abusive
The original allegation was that when Comcast and SBC Internet wouldn't give Team Prenda the names and addresses it wanted, the ISPs became part of a 6,600 user "conspiracy" to steal pornography. "If there was any conceivable merit in that theory, then perhaps fees would have been inappropriate," wrote Wood. "But there was not."
The opinion recites one wild Prenda claim after another. Prenda claimed that ISPs violated the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. “The only alleged assistance to the hackers, however, was the challenge to the subpoena," the opinion notes. The ISPs were “unjustly enriched” by getting subscriber fees from the "conspirators," a theory they "have provided no support for."
Prenda's arguments are so outlandish that they haven't aged well. The idea that challenging the subpoenas caused the ISPs to be part of a civil conspiracy is a suggestion that is "utterly without merit" and "lacks even the most rudimentary allegation... that would satisfy federal pleading standards," wrote Wood. The charge is frivolous, and the theory "is all the more outrageous given the fact that the Illinois Supreme Court quashed a functionally identical abusive subpoena."
The lower court judge had stated that Prenda lawyers were engaged in "abusive litigation... simply filing a lawsuit to do discovery to find out if you can sue somebody. That's just utter nonsense." On appeal, the panel found that to be just right, including the quote in their opinion. "We see no need to belabor the point," wrote Wood. "The record amply supports the district court's conclusions."
Finally, the judges addressed Hansmeier and Steele's arguments that they were simply out of money. "Inability to pay is indeed a valid defense in contempt proceedings," acknowledged Wood. But the sanctioned lawyers didn't even make an effort to pay, and they come far from meeting their burden to show "clearly, plainly, and unmistakably that compliance is impossible."
Before the district court judge had found them in contempt, he had asked Hansmeier and Steele to provide proof that they were unable to pay. He required them to submit financial statements verified by public accountants showing their "asserted lack of resources." The opinion describes what happened next:
Although the financial statements were submitted, they opened Pandora's Box. Attached to each financial statement was a bombshell letter from appellants' certified public accountant stating that appellants had "elected to omit substantially all of the disclosures required by generally accepted accounting principles." Not surprisingly, the district court found the statements insufficient to establish an inability to pay. It also took notice that these same attorneys had posted large bonds in other cases.
The order concludes by affirming the contempt holding and the sanctions against Duffy, Steele, and Hansmeier. The lawyers have paid several other fee awards, but this will be the largest yet by far. They continue to appeal the original sanction against them in the Ninth Circuit.
CS 97SI: Introduction to Programming Contests
Course Information and Announcements
Instructor: Jaehyun Park (Stanford ACM-ICPC coach)
Subscribe to the Stanford ACM-ICPC email list to get notifications about future practice contests.
(Added on 8/21/2013) This class was taught in 2011-12 Winter. I'm getting a lot of emails asking if I'm teaching it again, but there is no plan to offer the course at the moment.
(Added on 6/30/2015) All the slides are rewritten in LaTeX now.
Lecture slides
Practice Problems
All the problems below are from Peking Online Judge (POJ). Submissions should be made directly to the automated judging system. Problems are classified into 10 different categories, and the lectures will cover essential algorithms and theoretical background for each particular category. The numbers in parentheses represent the difficulty of the problems (0: easiest, 10: hardest). The difficulty rating is subjective; you might find a 5-rated problem easier than a 4-rated one. But do not attempt the challenge problems unless you are sure that you can solve all the easier ones. If POJ is down, you can use the offline copies of the problems here.
Common coding mistakes
Not initializing variables
Using 32-bit integers instead of 64-bit ones
Using out-of-bound array indices
Using a semicolon after a for loop
for(i = 0; i < n; i++); some code
Reusing the same variable in nested for loops
for(i = 0; i < 1000; i++) for(i = 0; i < 10; i++) some code
Not using break in a switch-case statement (just don't use switch-case statements for programming contests)
Not taking (very) small cases into account (e.g. )
Writing arr[j][i] instead of arr[i][j] , and similar errors
Writing a given constant incorrectly (e.g. taking modulo 12345789 instead of 123456789)
Bad parentheses in macro definition
#define min(a, b) a<b?a:b // incorrect #define min(a, b) (((a)<(b))?(a):(b)) // correct
Writing cos(180) instead of cos(pi)
If you get stuck…
First, remember that you are not stuck unless you have spent more than a day on a single problem. It is perfectly normal to spend many hours on just coming up with the right algorithm.
Read the problem statement again. You might have missed something very important.
Carefully go through the lecture slides. Think about how to apply the basic algorithms covered in class to the problem.
Discuss the problem with friends. Working in teams of size 2 or 3 is strongly recommended. As long as you don't copy-paste someone else's codes blindly, you can even share your (possibly buggy) codes.
Links
On the morning of April 24, 2013, at about 8:45 a.m., the Rana Plaza, a nine-story building housing factories and offices, collapsed in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka. More than 3,500 people were in the building at the time, and 1,129 died in the wreckage. Mainuddin Khandaker, a senior official at the Ministry of Home Affairs, began his investigation that evening.
Six weeks later, Khandaker is sitting in a carved wooden armchair in his living room. A soft-spoken man in his early 60s who wears gold-rimmed glasses, he lives in Dhaka's government district. It's been dark outside for a while, and a single fluorescent tube, surrounded by fluttering moths, is the only light in the room. Khandaker is balancing a bowl of dark berries on his knees.
In the last few years, he has investigated more than 40 cases of factories that either collapsed or burnt down. But none of those accidents approached the scale of Rana Plaza, the biggest industrial accident in the country's history. The 493-page report Khandaker wrote contains witness statements, photos and structural engineering calculations. It will probably remain under lock and key. An investigative report on the textile industry has never been published in Bangladesh, he says.
Khandaker goes into the next room and returns with a stack of paper, the summary. He eats a berry from the bowl and carefully spits the seed onto the saucer. "Time pressure, lots of money, a lack of scruples and greed -- everything came together on that day," he says.
Dhaka, Basti Madjipur, April 24, 5:30 a.m.
The day began early in Basti Madjipur, a neighborhood in Dhaka's northwestern district of Savar.
A "basti" is a sprawling collection of simple concrete houses with sheet and corrugated metal roofs, separated by labyrinthine paths, where half-naked children play between puddles and ponds. There are chicken sheds everywhere, and the neighborhood is also home to a drove of small pigs. About 100,000 people live there. Everyone works in the nearby textile factories, and at the time, many were employed at the Rana Plaza building.
Mohammed Badul and his wife Shali got up at 5:30 a.m. that morning. Badul worked in the packaging department of a company called Phantom Apparels Ltd., in the Rana Plaza. His wife was a seamstress in another factory.
They live in a 12-square-meter (130-square-foot) room with a concrete floor, together with their nine-year-old son Sabbir. They own a bed, a dresser and dishes, some clothing and a TV set. A faucet and a shower are outside.
Like most mornings, Shali cooked rice with a little oil and a small amount of vegetables to bring to work as lunch for her and her husband. They didn't eat breakfast. At about 7 a.m., they left on foot for their respective factories. Shali had given her husband his lunch in a tin can. The one-hour lunch break began at 1 p.m.
The normal shift usually lasted until 8 p.m., but workers were often kept later for overtime, until 10 p.m. Shali went shopping on the way home, arriving at the house by around 11 p.m. Her son was already sleeping.
In 11 years, the couple has saved 20,000 takas, or 200 ($260). Mohammed Badul dreams of opening a barber shop one day.
Another couple, Fahima and her husband Abu Said also live in Basti Madjipur. Both are from the village of Bodergond in northern Bangladesh. They came to Dhaka six years ago, forced to leave their village and look for work so that they could repay their debts. Abu Said had borrowed 50,000 takas because he wanted to start his own company.
Together, they earn about 12,000 takas a month, of which they are able to save about 500 takas, or 5. They don't have a bed, or even a mattress. Abu Said indulges in only one luxury item: He occasionally buys a tin of chewing tobacco, which he always carries in his back pocket.
Fahima and Abu Said also have a son, five-year-old Shahin. A neighbor takes care of the boy when Fahima and her husband are at the factory. Their plan is to persevere. After a few years, they hope to return to their village with a little money in their pockets. Their goal in life is to create a future for Shahin.
Two sisters, Shefali and Shirin Akter, 20 and 18, live in a house on the same street. They came to Dhaka as children, left to their own devices, with nothing but two pairs of trousers and two shirts. Their little brother Nawshad joined them later. He is their hope, and they are working and saving money to pay for his education. They own four cups, a double bed, a TV set and two pieces of soap. They also own a basket with some clothing, three pairs of flip-flops, a pot, cutlery and some dishes.
Like most of the people who have come to this neighborhood, Shefali, Shirin and Nawshad live in one room, for which they pay a monthly rent of 2,000 takas. Many of these houses were built by the same man who is a responsible for the construction of Rana Plaza: Sohel Rana, the godfather of Madjipur.
Rana is a short, puffy man in his mid-30s. He lives on Bazar Road, in a five-story house at the end of a path, with a metal gate to keep out intruders. Rana takes bodyguards with him when he leaves the house. He is a member of the youth organization of the ruling Awami Party, and recently had posters of himself hung up on walls in his basti. Some in the neighborhood already see Rana as a member of parliament.
But he had a problem on that morning. Cracks had appeared in the walls and load-bearing columns of the Rana Plaza building. The tenants, especially those pesky factory owners, were concerned.
Dhaka, Madjipur Bazar Road, Rana Plaza, 7:30 a.m.
A few hundred people had gathered in front of Rana Plaza. Mohammed Badul, the man who was saving for a barber shop, was there, and so were Fahima and Abu Said, the couple that doesn't even own a mattress. They were afraid. Their shift was to begin in half an hour -- that is, if it began at all.
Rana Plaza was taller than the surrounding buildings, with lower floors that were sided with a reflective blue glass material. Eight floors were already occupied, and construction had recently begun on a ninth. The words "Rana Plaza" were written in decorative letters above the entrance.
A branch of Brac Bank was on the second floor, and a sign indicating that the bank was closed had been hanging on the door since the day before. Not a good sign, Fahima thought to herself.
There were 10 million takas in the bank vault. The bank employees were in such a hurry to get to a safe place that they had left the money behind.
Sohel Rana was standing at the entrance, talking insistently to the factory owners. He told them that a few cracks were nothing to fear, and that someone would take care of the problem. On the previous day, managers had shut down all five textile factories and sent home some 3,500 people -- including Fahima, Mohammed Badul and the two sisters, Shefali and Shirin -- in the middle of the day. Then experts came and inspected the cracks.
Could the shift begin? Or was the building beyond repair? Many people were sent to their deaths because Rana was the person who ended up making that decision.
Born in Dhaka after his father moved there in the early 1980s, Rana grew up in the city, where he attended the Adhar Chandra High School. "Making money was the most important thing to him," says Khandaker, the investigator. To achieve his goal, Rana bought some land.
When he was mapping out his career, Dhaka was already a sprawling city. Hundreds of thousands migrated there from the countryside each year, and new factories were constantly being built. These workers needed housing, and the manufacturers needed production facilities.
Rana's father had property early on, and his son bought more. It was swampy land, which meant that it was cheap. Rana had the swamp filled with sand and garbage, and in 2007, he began the construction of a multistory building there. Rana Plaza was to be the beginning of a great career.
Normally, the approval of six government agencies is required to build a factory in Bangladesh: the Ministry of Industries, the Ministry of Labor, the Ministry of Home Affairs, the office of fire safety and civil protection, the office of the environment, the Board of Investment, and the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association (BGMEA). Rana circumvented these requirements by declaring the plaza as an office and retail building. He used his father's contacts and donated money to the campaign of a member of parliament to get it approved. That's how the Bangladeshi system works. A country growing as quickly as Bangladesh can't spend too much time on regulations. Once a building has been erected and is filled with machines and people working to bring money into the country, no one asks about permits.
Rana opened the building in 2008. It had been built hastily with thin subfloors, and the bricklayers had apparently never built such a tall building before. Too much sand was added to the concrete, and the ground was too soft -- all problems that investigator Khandaker would later discover.
The decisive election of Hassan Rouhani as Iran's next president is a message to Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei that the majority of Iranians reject Khamenei's policy of "resistance" and confrontation with the outside world.The Supreme Leader, who told the United States on Friday to “go to hell” for disparaging Iran's qualified democracy, is now confronted with a new chief executive best known for compromise in nuclear negotiations.
Iran's relations with the West improved significantly during the 16 years that the multilingual Rouhani was secretary of the Supreme Council for National Security. While Rouhani led talks with the Europeans from 2003 to 2005, Iran suspended elements of its nuclear program. It was only after Mahmoud Ahmadinejad became president that Iran aggressively accelerated uranium enrichment. As a result, the UN Security Council voted six times to condemn Iran, and the United States and its European allies have imposed draconian sanctions on Iranian financial institutions and oil exports.
It is too soon to say whether the election results — which gave Rouhani 18.6 million of the 37 million votes cast — will cause a swift change in Iranian policy or negotiating strategy. However, the poor showing for more conservative candidates — particularly current chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili, who came in third — is too strong a signal for Iran's leader to ignore.
By entering the race, Jalili insured that the nuclear issue — which is normally taboo for public debate in Iran — would be discussed during the brief campaign. In a final televised debate a week before the elections, the other candidates harshly criticized Jalili's stewardship of talks with the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany (P5+1).
Former Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Velayati, who might resume that post under Rouhani, was scathing:
"You want to take three steps and you expect the other side to take 100 steps, this means that you don't want to make progress," he said. "This is not diplomacy. … We can't expect everything and give nothing."
During the campaign, Rouhani repeatedly noted the connection between the lack of agreement on the nuclear front and Iran's deteriorating economy. It was nice that more centrifuges are spinning, he said, but it would be better if they were gears in Iran's shuttered factories.
Ali Vaez, Iran analyst for the International Crisis Group, told Al-Monitor in an email “the nuclear issue became — by design or accident — a central theme in the elections. As such, the outcome will inevitably impact the country's nuclear policy."
Vaez added, “The electoral defeat of Saeed Jalili and his narrative cannot be inconsequential. Khamenei's bottom lines — recognition of Iran's right to domestic enrichment and removal of sanctions — are unlikely to change. But Iran's approach to nuclear diplomacy will."
Indeed, Rouhani will certainly insist that Iran has a right to enrich uranium, something he stressed during his tenure as chief nuclear negotiator. In an interview with this author in 2005, he said Iran wanted better relations with the United States but that it would not give up the fuel cycle nor respond positively to US threats.
Much will also depend on how the Obama administration and its negotiating partners react to Rouhani's victory. Numerous reports this spring from influential Washington groups and think tanks have urged [US President Barack] Obama to put forward a better offer to Iran that offers significant sanctions relief in return for verifiable curbs on the Iranian nuclear program.
So far, the P5+1 has only promised to lift sanctions on Iran's access to precious metals and exports of petrochemicals in return for stopping production of 20% uranium, sending out much of its stockpile and suspending all enrichment at an underground facility called Fordow.
With Rouhani's inauguration in August, Jalili is likely to be replaced as secretary of the Supreme Council of National Security, and thus as Iran's chief nuclear negotiator. The current foreign minister, Ali Akbar Salehi, an MIT-trained physicist, would be an excellent choice.
Khamenei may remain at the top in Iran's complicated system of government but the exit of Ahmadinejad provides an opportunity for the Supreme Leader to change course before it leads to even more misery for the Iranian people and instability in a region increasingly wracked by conflict.
When he came to office in 2009, Obama famously promised to stretch out a hand if adversary nations were willing to unclench their fists. Now is the time for him to try again.
Barbara Slavin is Washington correspondent for Al-Monitor and a senior fellow at the Atlantic Council where she focuses on Iran. On Twitter: @BarbaraSlavin1
After Audi topped the opening day of track action, Porsche led the way in Free Practice 3 at the Nürburgring, in preparation for qualifying for Sundays' FIA World Endurance Championship event.
The No. 18 Porsche 919 Hybrid of Marc Lieb was quickest in the 60-minute session, thanks to a 1:38.036 lap time.
It was six-tenths clear of the sister No. 17 Porsche, with the pair of Audis third and fourth on the time sheets, but nearly one-second behind.
The Toyotas continued to struggle, having posted the fifth and sixth quickest times overall and in the LMP1 class.
Strakka Racing led the way in LMP2 with its new Gibson 015S Nissan, while AF Corse (GTE-Pro) and Abu Dhabi Proton Racing (GTE-Am) led the production-based classes.
The session only saw a single Full Course Yellow, for debris caused by a puncture from the No. 98 Aston Martin of Paul Dalla Lana, who stopped on track with damage to the left-front.
The No. 13 Rebellion R-One AER also stopped on track with less than 10 minutes remaining, but continued.
Qualifying gets underway at 2 p.m. local.
RESULTS: Free Practice 3
Here's a weird fact about this Sunday's looming divisional showdown between the Buffalo Bills and the New England Patriots: new starting quarterback Kyle Orton will be the Bills' fourth different starting signal-caller in their last four games against their division rivals.
On November 11, 2012, Ryan Fitzpatrick made his last start against New England as the Bills' top gun, completing 27-of-40 passes for 337 yards with two touchdowns and a late interception in a gutting, 37-31 loss to the Patriots in Foxboro.
Fitzpatrick was released four months later, making way for first-round pick EJ Manuel to start last year's season opener, a home affair with the Pats. In another gutting loss, this time 23-21 on a last-second Patriots field goal, Manuel was efficient in his pro debut, completing 18-of-27 passes for 150 yards with two touchdowns and no interceptions.
By the time Week 17 of the 2013 season rolled around, however, Manuel was done for the year with a knee injury, which thrust Thad Lewis into the lineup for the Bills' finale in New England. He completed 16-of-29 passes for 247 yards with a touchdown and no picks in a 34-20 loss, in which Buffalo's defense was ripped to shreds on the ground by the Patriots' running game.
Today, we're more than a week removed from Orton replacing Manuel as the Bills' starting quarterback. He'll be the latest in a long line of Bills quarterbacks to have taken on Tom Brady and the Patriots; hopefully, he'll be one of the very few to manage to emerge victorious.
The legal and constitutional issues around qualification for the presidency on grounds of US citizenship are “murky and unsettled”, according to the scholar cited by Donald Trump in his recent attacks on Ted Cruz.
Ted Cruz insists he is a natural-born citizen after new Donald Trump attack Read more
Trump has sought to cast doubt on whether the senator, who was born in Canada to an American mother and a Cuban father, is a “natural-born US citizen”. In doing so he has referred to the work and words of Laurence Tribe, perhaps the most respected liberal law professor in the country.
Tribe taught both Cruz and Barack Obama at Harvard Law School. He also advised Al Gore in the 2000 Florida recount and has advised Obama's campaign organisation.
“Despite Sen[ator] Cruz's repeated statements that the legal/constitutional issues around whether he's a natural-born citizen are clear and settled,” he told the Guardian by email, “the truth is that they're murky and unsettled.”
Tribe has said previously that the question of Cruz's eligibility is “unsettled”. On Sunday, Trump cited that position in an interview with NBC's Meet the Press, in which he described Tribe “as a constitutional expert, one of the true experts”.
At a rally in Reno, Nevada later on Sunday, the real-estate billionaire, who has said Democrats will sue to stop Cruz running should he win the nomination, described himself as “a PhD in litigation”. Of Cruz's eligibility, he said: “There is a doubt. We can't have a doubt.”
Article II, section I, clause V of the US constitution states: “No Person except a natural born Citizen, or a Citizen of the United States, at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution, shall be eligible to the Office of President.”
In his emails to the Guardian, Tribe discussed Cruz's own approach to constitutional issues, noting that under “the kind of judge Cruz says he admires and would appoint to the supreme court – an ‘originalist' who claims to be bound by the historical meaning of the constitution's terms at the time of their adoption – Cruz wouldn't be eligible because the legal principles that prevailed in the 1780s and 90s required that someone be born on US soil to be a ‘natural born' citizen.”
He added: “Even having two US parents wouldn't suffice for a genuine originalist. And having just an American mother, as Cruz did, would clearly have been insufficient at a time that made patrilineal descent decisive.
“On the other hand, to the kind of judge that I admire and Cruz abhors – a ‘living constitutionalist' who believes that the constitution's meaning evolves with the needs of the time – Cruz would ironically be eligible because it no longer makes sense to be bound by so narrow and strict a definition.”
Tribe said: “There is no single, settled answer. And our supreme court has never addressed the issue.”
Trump, who trails Cruz in polls in Iowa, first raised the issue last week. Cruz has since cited a bipartisan Harvard Law Review article by two former solicitor generals, Neal Katyal and Paul Clement, to back his contention that he is a natural-born citizen. Some of his rivals have pushed back; the Kentucky senator and presidential rival Rand Paul and Arizona senator John McCain, the 2008 candidate, have declined to support him.
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney, the Republican nominee in 2012, tweeted on Friday that Cruz was indeed a “natural-born citizen”.
Tribe, who became a hated figure to many on the right thanks to his role in derailing the supreme court nomination of Robert Bork in 1987, gave legal advice to McCain when similar “natural-born citizen” questions arose in 2008. McCain was born in the Panama Canal Zone, to two Americans.
Iowa's righteous Cruzade: senator courts the holy and the wholly fed up Read more
Working with Ted Olsen, a former solicitor general in the George W Bush administration, Tribe concluded: “[McCain's] birth on a US military base within a territory controlled by the US from 1903 to 1979 … under a treaty with Panama probably (although not certainly) qualified him as a natural born citizen, especially because both his parents were US citizens at the time.”
On Sunday, he wrote: “That situation differed greatly from the one Sen[ator] Cruz finds himself in.”
Asked if he was surprised by Trump's use of his name, Tribe wrote: “What I find surreal isn't that a Republican presidential candidate would favorably cite my legal conclusions, but that anyone should find that phenomenon so shocking.
“The fact that I'm a lifelong liberal and a registered Democrat who taught constitutional law to President Obama (and, by the way, to Chief Justice Roberts and Senator Cruz) makes my citation by a likely Republican nominee for president surprising only because our political divisions have become so profound and so paralyzing that people no longer believe in the possibility of disinterested legal research.
“That's really sad.”
Mormon cinema (informally Mollywood, a portmanteau of Mormon and Hollywood[1][2]) usually refers to films with themes relevant to members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). The terminology has also been used to refer to films that do not necessarily reflect Mormon themes but have been made by Mormon filmmakers.
LDS cinema films might be considered distinct from LDS Church movies like Legacy and Testaments, since they are commercial and not produced for teaching or proselytizing LDS doctrine. LDS cinema is usually produced and directed by Latter-day Saints. The films typically have LDS themes and are often marketed especially toward Latter-day Saints, though there has been an effort to "cross over" into more mainstream themes.
History [ edit ]
Films about Latter-day Saints are nothing new. The LDS Church sponsored the production and release of the feature-length films One Hundred Years of Mormonism (1913) and The Life of Nephi (1914). Films about Mormons, especially lurid pulp fiction-inspired tales of hypnotic missionaries and Western pioneer stories, were a staple of the early silent, black and white film era. With films made primarily by LDS filmmakers for an LDS audience, the "LDS Cinema" movement is distinct from the broader use of Mormon characters in mainstream Hollywood films. The "LDS Cinema" movement began around 1999, when Richard Dutcher's company, Zion Films, released God's Army commercially. The film, which was produced on a budget of $300,000, grossed about $2.5 million at the box office and many more millions of dollars worth of video purchases. Observing the market success of God's Army, many other LDS studios began producing films.
Although God's Army dealt with the overtly religious subject of LDS missionaries, and many LDS comedies are sometimes incomprehensible to people outside the LDS Church, a growing trend moves toward making LDS-themed movies more broadly accessible. The acclaimed World War II movie Saints and Soldiers is perhaps the most successful crossover LDS film to date. More accessible films have been thought by some as likely to ensure larger potential markets. However, "accessibility" has not necessarily translated into greater box office earnings or critical acclaim than achieved by the more "insider"-oriented LDS Cinema films.
LDS comedies in particular have been panned by critics, who have branded most efforts thus far inaccessible and unfunny to those outside the intended market. Such movies have frequently been perceived as overly reliant upon the audience's extensive knowledge of LDS practices and LDS cultural norms.
MPAA ratings [ edit ]
One aspect of the culture of LDS cinema is heightened concern over MPAA film ratings. Many Mormons feel disinclined to view movies rated R, so LDS film producers risk greatly diminished revenue for exceeding a PG or PG-13 rating. One PG-13 film, The Book of Mormon Movie, Vol. 1, gained its rating for depicting a decapitation that occurs in the Book of Mormon. Producers defended the scene as essential. Some critics[who?] leveled a common complaint about the MPAA – that it awards a higher rating to movies not produced by the major film studios. Nonetheless, producers re-edited the movie to earn a PG rating for DVD distribution. Another film, Saints and Soldiers received an R-rating prior to film festival screening. Producers edited the movie to receive PG-13 for commercial distribution.
Selected notable companies [ edit ]
Selected filmography [ edit ]
Drama [ edit ]
Romance [ edit ]
Comedy [ edit ]
Several comedies, mostly produced by Dave Hunter, have also been released. Because the humor of these films often relies on specifically Utah-centric Latter Day Saint culture, they tend to have a smaller audience than the other LDS subgenres, even among Mormon viewers.
Passage to Zarahemla (2007) – A time-travel adventure set in the rural area of Leeds, Utah wherein characters from modern times interact with Nephites and Gadianton robbers (tribes and groups mentioned in the Book of Mormon).
(2007) – A time-travel adventure set in the rural area of Leeds, Utah wherein characters from modern times interact with Nephites and Gadianton robbers (tribes and groups mentioned in the Book of Mormon). 17 Miracles (2011) – Based on accounts of the pioneers of the Willie and Martin handcart companies struggling to survive to head to the Great Salt Lake Valley while a multitude of miracles occur.
(2011) – Based on accounts of the pioneers of the Willie and Martin handcart companies struggling to survive to head to the Great Salt Lake Valley while a multitude of miracles occur. Ephraim's Rescue (2013) – Prequel/parallel to 17 Miracles . The story of Ephraim Hanks, who joins the LDS church and miraculously saves the Martin handcart company.
(2013) – Prequel/parallel to . The story of Ephraim Hanks, who joins the LDS church and miraculously saves the Martin handcart company. 16 Stones (2014) – A young man and friends set out on a dangerous quest to retrieve the 16 stones of the Jaredites to prevent others from future mob persecution.
Documentary [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
During the summer of 2013, while cleaning out his desk, a Welsh man named James Howells threw away a hard drive from his broken Dell Laptop.
Unfortunately, he realized several months later that the drive held 7,500 Bitcoin mined back in 2009. At the time, with Bitcoin approaching and finally just exceeding $1,000 in price, the scrapped hard drive would have been worth over $7 mln.
The story created a lot of hype about the rising the value of Bitcoin and the fortunes - or misfortunes - of the currency's first miners and investors. Many of them had dabbled with the currency while it was in its infancy, only to forget about it and fail to backup their wallets.
Howells, who essentially dumped $7.5 mln (£4 mln) onto a landfill in Newport, Wales was of course furious, disappointed and dumbstruck. Over the next few years, he may have come to terms with his loss, only to have old wounds reopened as the currency began its long climb this year. At press time, Bitcoin's price stands at $10,700, giving that trashed hard drive a value of over $80 mln.
‘That's a bad idea'
Howell had mined those 7,500 coins himself as a hobby back when Bitcoin was a mere plaything for the technologically inclined. Howells related:
"You know when you put something in the bin, and in your head, say to yourself 'that's a bad idea'? I really did have that.”
Howells explains how he stopped mining when his girlfriend complained about the noise from the laptop and the heat it was producing. When he spilled lemonade on the laptop the following year, he dismantled it for parts. He initially kept the hard drive for a few years before finally discarding it.
Back in 2013, Howells said:
"I'm at the point where it's either laugh about it or cry about it. Why aren't I out there with a shovel now? I think I'm just resigned to never being able to find it."
Once can only imagine how the unfortunate Howells feels today.
“Don't tell my Wife”
Howells isn't the only person to experience the pain of such financial loss. An Australian man, who wishes to remain anonymous for fear of the wrath of his wife, has also come forward with a tale of thousands of missing Bitcoin.
Alex, as he wants to be called, describes how in 2009 he mined “thousands, plural” of Bitcoin as part of a novel new idea. Then when the program for mining got a little too big and cumbersome, he gave up, deleted the program, and stashed his Bitcoin on a cheap USB. He said:
“The thinking was that it's offline, not on my PC, so in case something bad happened to the PC — [if] it blew up, or [was] hacked — I still had a backup.”
Around the end of 2013, when the Bitcoin price peaked at just over $1,000, he suddenly remembered his wallet:
“[I plugged] the USB stick back in to try and access the file, but the stick died. It was one of those cheap made-in-China ones.”
Just like Howells, Alex has had to watch the Bitcoin price balloon, counting the tens of millions of dollars he lost everytime a new milestone is reached.
“Worst mistake of my life. Never back up anything on a cheap Chinese-made disk or USB stick.”
Lost forever
Other stories of lost Bitcoins abound, including that of a Gizmodo editor who threw away a hard drive containing 1,400 Bitcoins in 2012. He paid $25 for the coins, at an average price of only 1.5 cents each. They would now be worth almost $15 mln.
These cases and others inspired a new study that has estimated that as many as four million Bitcoin are gone forever. The study puts the majority of the lost coins in the category of ‘out of circulation' as of course, those coins still exist on the Blockchain, they just cannot be accessed.
One difficulty in estimating the number of “lost” Bitcoin is uncertainty over whether Satoshi is still alive and still has access to his private keys. The study's numbers assume that Satoshi's approximately one million Bitcoins are lost, but of course, nobody can be certain of that.
Keeping coins safe
One of the first rules for Bitcoin newbies is to keep your coins off exchanges where they are vulnerable to online threats. However, there are a number of offline threats that can also occur.
These two case studies show just how easy it is to lose a digital asset that is not stored online; from a broken hard drive to a corrupt USB, even misplacing the thing becomes a problem.
Matthew Unger, founder and CEO of iComply Investor Services Inc. suggested:
"Just like you keep some cash in your wallet, some in your bank account and perhaps the really valuable stuff in a safe, you need to manage digital currencies in the same way."
Turlough Abbey is home to a 9th century round tower and a much later 17th or 18th century church, though it does incorporate a 16th century mullioned window and three crucifixion plaques, one dated 1625. Of the original abbey nothing remains and its history is also distinctly scant. It is believed an abbey was founded here by St Patrick in 441 under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Armagh, its close proximity to Croagh Patrick must also be taken into consideration when understanding its real or imagined enduring links to St Patrick.
The earliest surviving building is the early 9th century round tower, unusual in its short and squat stature, its conical cap was replaced in 1880. An abbey certainly existed at the site in 1302 as it was valued in the ecclesiastical taxation of Ireland. The abbey remained prominent due to its association with St Patrick and led to a long ownership quarrel between the Archbishops of Armagh and Tuam, a dispute that led to the Pope intervening and authorising for the abbey to pass to the Archbishop of Tuam. After the Dissolution of the Monasteries it passed into the hands of the Bourke's who in turn lost the lands after the Battle of Aughrim and were subsequently passed to John Fitzgerald from Kilkenny in 1653. The Fitzgerald family financed the building of the current church in the late 17th or early 18th century, I am unclear when the church fell into ruin.
GPS: 53.88872, -9.20834
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
WhatsApp
Skype
Pinterest
Tumblr
Despite going 0-4 in contested special elections this year, there's an awful lot of talk about Democrats taking back the House majority from Republicans in the 2018 midterm elections. While it's certainly true that Republicans are over-exposed and the president's party almost always loses seats in midterms, the most accurate election projection model for two straight cycles remains skeptical.
Here's why.
Since World War II, the president's party lost seats in 16 out of 18 midterm elections. That includes 8 out of 9 midterms with a Republican president and 8 out of 9 midterms with a Democratic president. That may sound promising, but the PPD Election Projection Model analyzed all 18 and found a disturbing pattern for Democrats.
Midterm losses for the Democratic Party under a Democratic president were far more severe, losing an average of 33.5 seats during those 8 cycles. The worst post-World War II cycle was the astounding 63-seat landslide loss during in the 2010 midterm election following the passage of ObamaCare.
Meanwhile, Republican Party's midterm losses with their president in the White House averaged less than 21 seats (20.6).
In 2018, Democrats will need a net gain of 24 seats to take back the majority in the U.S. House of Representatives. There are only 23 Republican-held seats that Hillary Clinton won in the 2016 presidential election, while 12 Democrats represent districts that backed President Donald J. Trump.
Democratic gains in the one stand-off cycle are also less than Republicans, historically. In 1998, when Republicans overreached on impeachment (sound familiar?), they gained a net 5 seats. That compares to the net +8 seats that Republicans picked up in 2002. That's a pattern that has even held during presidential cycles. In 2012, despite losing the national House vote by well over a million votes, the GOP only lost a net eight seats in the House.
[wpdatatable id=97]
(Data Source: The American Presidency Project)
The reasons for this could make up an entirely different article and, in the interest of PPD readers, they will shortly. But basically, when we analyzed all 18 midterms we found Republicans get more for less on the generic ballot. That's partly due to redistricting, but it's also true that Democrats dominated gerrymandering for most of the 20th century. The median Democratic gain could be overstated in the model and the median loss could very well be understated.
Currently, Democrats hold an average 8-point lead on the RCP Generic Congressional Ballot, though it's a much smaller 3-point lead on the People's Pundit Daily (PPD Poll) Big Data Poll. Worth noting, until the summer and early fall of the actual midterm election year, the results of the Generic Congressional Ballot have little predictive value. At this point, we are only talking about surveys of registered voter and this measure notoriously gets more favorable to Republicans after Labor Day.
In fact, the 2018 Generic Congressional Ballot doesn't look all that different than it did at this point in 2014. With the sole exception of Rasmussen Reports, “Gold Standard” pollsters were predicting big gains for Democrats. They of course went on to lose the Senate and another 13 House seats, several of which most “pundits” didn't even believe were in play.
But let's assume for the sake of this article that the 8-point average lead is accurate, which for the record, we do not believe it is.
Regression analysis using historical data–generic house vote margin and above election results–indicate it's just not enough.
On average, a 10-point advantage for Democrats on the Generic Congressional Ballot yields just a 12-seat swing, while an identical lead for Republicans yields an average 23-seat swing. A margin of 13 points for Democrats results in a net gain of just 17 House seats, still 7 shy of the target. It is possible that the party could outperform their historical average, but it's not likely considering the polarized state of the country.
The survey of the national House vote understates Republican support largely because sentiment in heavily-populated, concentrated urban liberal areas obfuscates preference in battleground and conservative-leaning districts.
Since 1912, which is the year the U.S. House of Representatives expanded to 435 seats, the president's party lost an average of 29 House seats in the “six year itch” midterm election. However, Democratic losses were far more severe than Republican losses and we aren't talking about the second midterm in President Trump's second term.
The data is clear. It's way too premature to declare the Republican House majority in jeopardy.
Current and former E.P.A. officials say this practice continues to prevent them from fully assessing the risks of certain types of gas drilling.
“I still don't understand why industry should be allowed to hide problems when public safety is at stake,” said Carla Greathouse, the author of the E.P.A. report that documents a case of drinking water contamination from fracking. “If it's so safe, let the public review all the cases.”
Eric Wohlschlegel, a spokesman for the American Petroleum Institute , dismissed the assertion that sealed settlements have hidden problems with gas drilling, and he added that countless academic, federal and state investigators conducted extensive research on groundwater contamination issues, and have found that drinking water contamination from fracking is highly improbable.
“Settlements are sealed for a variety of reasons, are common in litigation, and are done at the request of both landowners and operators,” Mr. Wohlschlegel said.
Still, the documented E.P.A. case, which has gone largely unnoticed for decades, includes evidence that many industry representatives were aware of it and also fought the agency's attempts to include other cases in the final study.
The report is not recent — it was published in 1987, and the contamination was discovered in 1984. Drilling technology and safeguards in well design have improved significantly since then. Nevertheless, the report does contradict what has emerged as a kind of mantra in the industry and in the government.
Photo
The report concluded that hydraulic fracturing fluids or gel used by the Kaiser Exploration and Mining Company contaminated a well roughly 600 feet away on the property of James Parsons in Jackson County, W.Va., referring to it as “Mr. Parson's water well.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“When fracturing the Kaiser gas well on Mr. James Parson's property, fractures were created allowing migration of fracture fluid from the gas well to Mr. Parson's water well,” according to the agency's summary of the case. “This fracture fluid, along with natural gas was present in Mr. Parson's water, rendering it unusable.”
Asked about the cause of the incident, Mr. Wohlschlegel emphasized that the important factor was that the driller and the regulator had not known about the nearby aquifer. But in comments submitted to the E.P.A. at the time about the report, the petroleum institute acknowledged that this was indeed a case of drinking water contamination from fracking.
“The damage here,” the institute wrote, referring to Mr. Parsons' contaminated water well, “results from an accident or malfunction of the fracturing process.”
Mr. Wohlschlegel cautioned however that the comments provided at the time by the institute were not based on its own research and therefore it cannot be sure that other factors did not play a role.
In their report, E.P.A. officials also wrote that Mr. Parsons' case was highlighted as an “illustrative” example of the hazards created by this type of drilling, and that legal settlements and nondisclosure agreements prevented access to scientific documentation of other incidents.
“This is typical practice, for instance, in Texas ,” the report stated. “In some cases, the records of well-publicized damage incidents are almost entirely unavailable for review.”
Bipartisan federal legislation before Congress would require judges to consider public health and safety before sealing court records or approving settlement agreements.
Dan Derkics, a 17-year veteran of the environmental agency who oversaw research for the report, said that hundreds of other cases of drinking water contamination were found, many of which looked from preliminary investigations to have been caused by hydraulic fracturing like the one from West Virginia . But they were unable to learn more about them.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I can assure you that the Jackson County case was not unique,” said Mr. Derkics, who retired from the agency in 1994. “That is why the drinking water concerns are real.”
The New York Times was made aware of the 1987 E.P.A. report and some of its supporting research materials by Ms. Greathouse, the study's lead author. Other records pertaining to the well were obtained from state archives or from the agency's library.
Some industry officials criticized the research behind the report at the time. Their comments were among the dozens submitted by the industry to the agency.
Photo
“It is clear from reading the 228 alleged damage cases that E.P.A.'s contractor was careless in its investigation and presentation of this material,” a letter from the American Petroleum Institute said.
The organization faulted a draft of the report as failing to include enough comment from state regulators and energy companies, and as including cases that were poorly documented or outside the scope of the project. In remarks to the agency at the time, the petroleum institute also emphasized that safeguards in West Virginia had improved because of the incident, which the organization referred to as an aberration and said was potentially caused by a malfunction.
“As described in the detail write-up, this is not a normal result of fracturing, as it ruins the productive capability of the wells,” the institute said about the case.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A spokesman for ExxonMobil, Alan T. Jeffers, was asked about Mr. Tillerson's comments to Congress in light of the documents relating to the West Virginia case. He said that Mr. Tillerson, whose company is the largest producer of natural gas in the United States , was only echoing what various state and federal regulators had said.
On the issue of sealed settlements, Mr. Jeffers said that investigators and regulators could use subpoenas if they really wanted access to the information.
Improvements in fracking have led to a boom in natural gas drilling, enabling energy companies to tap vast reserves of gas in previously inaccessible shale formations deep underground.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Most drilling experts indeed have said that contamination of drinking water with fracking liquids is highly improbable. Even critics of fracking tend to agree that if wells are designed properly, drilling fluids should not affect underground drinking water. Industry officials also emphasize that all forms of drilling involve some degree of risk. The question, they say, is what represents an acceptable level. Once chemicals contaminate underground drinking-water sources, they are very difficult to remove, according to federal and industry studies. One E.P.A. official involved with a current study being conducted by the agency on the risks of fracking on drinking water said the agency encountered continuing challenges to get access to current cases because of legal settlements.
“Our hands are tied,” said the official, who spoke anonymously because he is not authorized to speak to reporters.
Brendan Gilfillan, a spokesman for the agency, said that it had indeed encountered these barriers but that there were still enough alternate cases to study.
A 2004 study by the agency concluded that hydraulic fracturing of one kind of natural gas well — coal -bed methane wells — posed “little or no threat” to underground drinking water supplies. The study was later criticized by some within the agency as being unscientific and unduly influenced by industry.
Asked about the 1987 E.P.A. report and the West Virginia well, Mr. Gilfillan said the agency was reviewing them closely.
Instances of gas bubbling from fracked sites into nearby water wells have been extensively documented. The industry has also acknowledged that fracking liquids can end up in aquifers because of failures in the casing of wells, spills that occur above ground or through other factors. However, the drilling industry emphasizes that no such cases exist in which the fracking process itself caused drilling liquids to contaminate drinking water.
Photo
Both types of contamination can render the water unusable. However, contamination from fracking fluids is widely considered more worrisome because the fluids can contain carcinogens like benzene.
The E.P.A.'s 1987 report does not discuss the specific pathway that the fracking fluid or gel took to get to Mr. Parsons' water well in West Virginia or how those fluids moved from a depth of roughly 4,200 feet, where the natural gas well was fracked, to the water well, which was about 400 feet underground.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
However, state records not included in the agency's final report show the existence of four abandoned wells nearby that were deeper than the fracked gas well. State inspectors and drilling experts suggested in interviews that the contamination in Mr. Parsons' well might have been caused when fracking pushed chemicals from the gas well into nearby abandoned wells where the fracking pressure might have helped them migrate up toward the water well.
This well was fracked using gas and water, and with far less pressure and water than is commonly used today.
The Environmental Working Group, a research and advocacy organization, studied the Parsons case extensively over the past year, interviewing local residents and former state regulators as well as reviewing state and federal documents.
The organization found at least four abandoned gas wells within 1,700 feet of the gas well Kaiser drilled on Mr. Parsons' property and roughly the same distance from the water well. All of these abandoned wells had been plugged with cement and other materials but had some of their casing removed, which is common for such wells, according to state records.
“The evidence is pretty clear that the E.P.A. got it right about this being a clear case of drinking water contamination from fracking,” said Dusty Horwitt, a lawyer from the Environmental Working Group who investigated the Parsons case.
The risk of abandoned wells serving as conduits for contamination is one that the E.P.A. is currently researching as part of its national study on fracking. Many states lack complete records with the number or location of these abandoned wells and they lack the resources to ensure that abandoned and active wells are inspected regularly.
A 1999 report by the Department of Energy said there were about 2.5 million abandoned oil and natural gas wells in the United States at the time.
Mr. Parsons said in a brief interview that he could not comment on the case. Court records indicate that in 1987 he reached a settlement with the drilling company for an undisclosed amount.
Ms. Greathouse, the former environmental research contractor and the lead author of the 1987 E.P.A. report, said that she and her colleagues had found “dozens” of cases that she said appeared to specifically involve drinking water contamination related to fracking. But they were unable to investigate those cases further and get access to more documents because of legal settlements. All but the Parsons case were excluded from the E.P.A. study, she said, because of pressure from industry representatives who were members of an agency working group overseeing the research.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The justification for excluding the cases was usually that they lacked sufficient documentation or involved a type of contamination that was outside the scope of the study.
President Trump's top spokeswoman celebrated news Tuesday that CNN would be boycotting the White House Christmas party this year.
“Christmas comes early! Finally, good news from @CNN,” White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted.
ADVERTISEMENT
The White House had invited CNN, among other media outlets, to attend the annual event.
“In light of the President's continued attacks on freedom of the press and CNN, we do not feel it is appropriate to celebrate with him as invited guests,” a CNN spokesperson told The Hill.
“We will send a White House reporting team to the event and report on it if news warrants.”
Trump has repeatedly attacked CNN, most recently claiming that the network represents the U.S. “poorly” to the rest of the world.
The network fired back, saying that it was Trump's job to represent the country, not CNN's.
Earlier this year, Trump also tweeted a video portraying himself in wrestling match with a figure whose face was obscured by CNN's logo.
President-elect Donald Trump has nominated Elaine Chao as Transportation Secretary, he announced late Tuesday.
Chao, a Washington insider who met with Trump on Monday, was the first Asian-America woman named to a president's cabinet when George W. Bush made her secretary of labor in 2001.
In his announcement, Trump praised Chao for her "extensive record of strong leadership and her expertise ... She has an amazing life story and has helped countless Americans in her public service career."
Chao said that Trump had "outlined a clear vision to transform our country's infrastructure, accelerate economic growth and productivity, and create good paying jobs across the country." She added that she was "honored to be nominated."
Chao is also married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., who said he was "so proud of Elaine as she continues her accomplished career in public service."
Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y. who will take over as the leader of the Senate Democrats after the retirement of Harry Reid, congratulated Chao ahead of the announcement and noted her "long history of service to our country."
"Senate Democrats have said that if President-elect Trump is serious about a major infrastructure bill, backed by real dollars and not just tax credits and without cutting other programs like health care and education, that we are ready to work with his administration," Schumer said in a statement. "I hope Secretary Chao shares that ambitious goal and is willing to work with Democrats to rebuild our crumbling infrastructure and create millions of good paying jobs along the way."
Chao, 63, was the longest tenured Labor Secretary since World War II. She is the only member of Bush's original cabinet to have served both two terms of his presidency.
Prior to serving as Labor Secretary from 2001 to 2009, Chao was the Deputy Secretary of the Department of Transportation.
Chao immigrated to the United States from Taiwan in 1961 at age 8. Chao's father worked three jobs a day before eventually becoming a shipping magnate.
After leaving the Bush administration, Chao became a Fox News contributor and fellow at the Heritage Foundation.
During a meeting of the UN Security Council convened by Russia, the Kremlin has warned about “grave humanitarian consequences” that would come if Saudi Arabia goes ahead with a plan to attack Yemen's western port city of Hudaydah.
The attendants in the UNSC meeting discussed the grave humanitarian situation in Yemen and efforts toward a peaceful conclusion of the two-year-long war imposed by the Saudi regime on the Yemeni people, Russian Deputy Permanent Representative to the UN Vladimir Safronkov told reporters after the closed-door meeting in New York, which had been requested by Moscow on Wednesday.
Russia's state news agency TASS quoted the Russian official as saying the meeting had been held in an attempt “to urge the UN to step up its efforts to establish a real diplomatic process.”
Elsewhere in his remarks, Safronkov said all the 15 member states of the council supported a non-military approach to the resolution of the crisis. It is, the Kremlin believes, “necessary to search for a political settlement,” Safronkov added.
Hudaydah is currently under the control of Yemen's Houthi Ansarullah fighters, who have been defending the impoverished country against the Saudi aggression since March 2015. The city, Yemen's fourth largest and its biggest port, served as a thoroughfare for the transit of about 70 percent of Yemen's food imports in the pre-war years.
When the Saudi regime started pounding the crisis-hit country, Hudaydah turned into a primary entry point for humanitarian aid and fuel meant for areas inside Yemen, including the capital, Sana'a. If the city falls under the control of Saudi forces and mercenary soldiers, the flow of humanitarian assistance toward those areas would be blocked.
People search under the rubble of damaged houses following reported Saudi airstrikes on the outskirts of the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, February 1, 2017. (Photo by AFP)
On March 13, Moscow also warned about the critical situation of the port city in providing its people with much-needed humanitarian aid.
The “plans to storm Yemen's biggest port of Hudaydah give rise to serious concerns,” said Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova, adding that the fall of the city would cut Sana'a from "food and humanitarian aid supplies." She also said the humanitarian situation in Yemen was “catastrophic.”
On Wednesday, the World Food Programme (WFP) said 60 percent of Yemenis, some 17 million people, faced a “crisis” and were in urgent need of food as a direct result of the Saudi war.
The Saudi campaign has so far killed over 12,000 Yemenis. The aggression was meant to reinstate Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Yemen's president who has resigned and is a staunch ally of Riyadh. The campaign also sought to undermine Houthis. However, due to resistance from the Yemeni nation, the regime in Riyadh has so far failed to achieve success and suffered considerable human loss in its military.
We assumed the 12th anniversary of Sept. 11, 2001 would be the occasion for some head-meet-desk moments, but we hoped we'd at least be able to finish our first cup of coffee before something this foolish came over the transom.
Noting the anniversary, Lt Gov. Ron Ramsey tweeted the following:
As the President attempts to ally w/ Al-Qaeda in Syria's civil war, we must always remember who attacked us on our soil 12 years ago.
— Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey (@RonRamsey) September 11, 2013
This is a stupefying statement, and not just because the lieutenant governor has decided that Sept. 11 is the day to make it.
President Barack Obama has been pushing for a military strike in Syria — although that's on hold for now — as a response to a chemical weapons attack allegedly carried out by Syrian president/dictator Bashar al-Assad against his own people. A U.S. strike against Assad would undeniably be helpful to rebel groups in Syria, who have been fighting against him in the country's ongoing civil war. There have been reports that some of those rebels have ties to Al Qaeda, and uncertainty about the ideologies, goals and allegiances of various rebel groups is one reason that many are opposed to U.S. intervention in Syria. That's perfectly reasonable.
But Ramsey doesn't criticize the president for the potential unintended consequences of his proposed policy in Syria. He says those consequences are the president's goal. He says the president is attempting to "ally with Al Qaeda." Well, fair's fair. Using the same reasoning, we've asked Ramsey's office if he is attempting to ally with Bashar al-Assad. After all, the Syrian despot would probably prefer not to have some of his key military assets hit with Tomahawk cruise missiles.
We'll let you know what we hear.
In the meantime, here's a more sensible subsequent tweet:
Let us never forget those who died, those who served and those who carry on. pic.twitter.com/iXFqr4gN76
— Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey (@RonRamsey) September 11, 2013
UPDATE: Tennessee Democratic Party chairman Roy Herron has released a statement in response to Ramsey's tweet:
“Speaker Ramsey should fire whoever wrote such an outrageous, dishonest, misleading, incendiary, unpatriotic and dangerous attack on our nation's president and on Republican leaders like Senators Corker and McCain and House Speaker Boehner and even the Military Leaders working with them. Many of us are unsure about how to proceed in Syria, but whoever wrote that Tweet dishonors the victims of 9/11 and our military men and women who are doing all they can to stop more children and parents from being gassed and killed.”
UPDATE II: And now a statement from House Democratic Leader Craig Fitzhugh:
“September 11th is a day when all Americans come together to remember a solemn occasion in our history. Instead of honoring those who gave their lives 12 years ago, Lt. Governor Ron Ramsey decided to take the low-road and accuse our Commander-in-Chief of allying with the very terrorist who attacked our country.
“This divisive rhetoric dishonors the memory of those who died on this day. It is insulting to our President, to Senator Corker who shares the President's position, to all Americans no matter their position on Syria and to the memory of those we've lost. Lt. Governor Ramsey is either grossly misinformed or he has decided to be a partisan, instead of a patriot. He should apologize immediately.”
Editor's Note: This story has been updated to reflect that the individuals named in the lawsuit filed by Laura Hunter have responded to her claims.
In what is being called a case of “fake news identity theft,” a former Ms. World beauty queen says her photo was used without permission to transform her into “a spokesperson for a radical right-wing website that peddles fake news.”
Online, Laura Hunter is a rabid Donald Trump supporter and activist blogger targeting Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and other left-wing causes with a prolific number of “news” stories. She is described on a Twitter account as a “Conservative News Journalist” and her Facebook profile has nearly a million followers.
But Hunter says in reality, she is a Washington state resident and winner of the Ms. World pageant in 2016. She is an actress and model who has owned a photography business for 20 years, according to her website.
READ MORE: Exciting? Sure. Staged? Maybe. What a grainy video's murky origins tell us about fake news
Last October, she says she was confronted by her Conservative online persona and now her attorney has filed a lawsuit on her behalf.
Hunter is seeking more than $50,000 against several Las Vegas men allegedly behind the websites — the Conservative Daily Post and the Conservative Daily Review Facebook page — claiming the news site stole her identity to help spread hyper-partisan news, according to a lawsuit filed last week in Nevada that was first reported by courthousenews.com.
“They have turned Ms. Hunter into a Conservative online muck slinger of fake news, and they must answer for it,” the filing said. “Ms. Hunter has suffered a loss of business, and her reputation, both personal and professional, has been damaged.”
Hunter claims in the suit that her name and photo were used without authorization to create a series of websites and social media pages including a Facebook profile, a phony Twitter account and a false Conservative Daily Post author profile. (Both the Facebook and Twitter accounts appear to have been changed to a cartoon image of a brunette female.)
The Conservative Daily Post regularly publishes stories with dubious claims. According to the lawsuit, they posted a job ad looking for writers of “Conservative Fan Fiction” and who can write fake stories “that are not real” but are written “in such a way that they seem factually correct but hard to verify.”
Fact-checking websites, Snopes and PolitiFact, claim to have debunked several of the site's posts including a false story about how a Wisconsin university forced students to wear hijabs. Snopes found the evidence indicated some students participated in a “Hijabi for a Day” event during Islam Appreciation Week and no one at the school was forced to participate in the event.
WATCH: Why you might be propagating ‘fake news'
Marc Randazza, a first amendment attorney representing Hunter, said the case appears to be an “intellectual property stray bullet” where a random person had their identity misappropriated by a fake news site.
“They took her picture and her name, created an alternative personality and made her the face for a number of conservative fake news publication,” Randazza told Global News. “How hard is it to find somebody who would be willing to be this person? It couldn't be that difficult.”
Randazza called the incident particularly galling as the men named in the lawsuit — Michael Powell, Stanley Shilov, Chris Khachaturian and Meng Yang — contacted his client to use her image and name but were turned down.
“These f—— clowns asked for permission, it was denied and then they did it anyway,” Randazza said.
READ MORE: Donald Trump brands mainstream media ‘enemy of the American people'
Salon reports that Conservative Daily Post, which allegedly uses the phony Laura Hunter identity, received roughly three million visits in January with 95 per cent of its traffic from Facebook, according to web statistics company SimilarWeb. In November, the site had 5.4 million visits.
According to the lawsuit, Hunter says she was contacted by Powell on Oct. 25, 2016 in an email. He said he ran an advertising agency in Las Vegas and had a client who wanted to use Hunter's headshot “from a few years ago.”
Hunter says she refused to license her image and asked Powell to call her but he declined. He later admitted in an email that his client had already been using her photos and was afraid she might sue for the unauthorized usage. He subsequently asked her for better quality images – to allegedly persuade his client to pay for the rights to use the photos — but Hunter declined to send them, according to the lawsuit
“They have stolen her identity and used her as a spokeswoman for and purported author of content and viewpoints antithetical to her own beliefs,” the lawsuit said.
Global News reached out to the Conservative Daily Post website for comment but has not received a response. Global News also attempted to reach Michael Powell, Stanley Shilov, Chris Khachaturian and Meng Yang for comment but did not receive a response.
Attorney Karl Kronenberger, based in San Francisco, who represents Michael Powell, Stanley Shilov, Chris Khachaturian Meng Yang and SCMA Holdings, demanded that Hunter retract and correct several “false statements” including characterizing the SCMA Parties as “fake news”, describing the SCMA Parties as “racist and homophobic” to multiple media outlets, and stating that SCMA Parties “have stolen Ms. Hunter's identity.”
Here's what else happened in the world of fake news this week:
A year-old fake news story that falsely claimed people were being paid $3,500 to protest Donald Trump surfaced this week. Buzzfeed reported that the Toronto Sun, and several media published the hoax about fake protesters being trained by the now defunct Hillary Clinton campaign. The story is originally from 2016 by a phony “ABC News” website owned and operated by Paul Horner, an Arizona-based fake news writer, according to Buzzfeed.
WATCH: Trump calls reports on administration's ties to Russia ‘fake news' (Feb. 16)
U.S. President Donald Trump continued to repeat claims that report about his campaign's links to Russia are “fake news” pushed by the Democrats and the media. Trump has long blamed Democrats for pushing stories of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential race and has blasted the media for what he claims are fake reports. This week it emerged Jeff Sessions met last year with Russia's ambassador but did not disclose the contacts in Senate testimony, leading to a firestorm of controversy for the already embattled Trump White House.
With Trump and so many other crying “fake news” here is a reminder from Global News' in-depth look at what is and isn't fake news. Tim Currie, director of the school of journalism at King's College in Halifax, describes fake news as “an article with few verifiable facts, created to deceive the public, often with the intention of making money or influencing public opinion.” Buzzfeed's Craig Silverman also attempted to clear up some misconceptions around the issue saying fake news is not: state-sponsored disinformation, bad reporting, a story you don't like, or ideologically driven news that goes against your views.
A false report by the Seattle Tribune says that President Donald Trump's Android cellphone is the source of recently leaked information. As Snopes points out the site is a known source of fake news and the site admits in a disclaimer it regularly publishes fabricated information: All news articles contained within The Seattle Tribune are fictional and presumably satirical news.
Buzzfeed's Silverman also examines how websites on both the right and the left manufacture hyper-partisan news.
China has dipped its toes into the world of fake news. On Thursday, Chinese state media claimed a prominent Chinese rights activist had made up “fake news” of torture to grab international headlines. The New York Times and the Guardian reported in January that Chinese police had used threats and violence to extract a confession for crimes including subversion.
Politifact reports that despite the often repeated claim that protesters are being paid to disrupt Republican town hall meetings, there is no actual evidence to support this claim. Several GOP officials have said some activists are being shipped into Republican-led congressional districts to create staged disturbances. However, they haven't offered any kind of proof to back up those claims.
The Poynter Institute looks at whether corrections could be the next victim in the fury around “fake news”and traditional media outlets will suffer because of it. Poynter looks at several examples where journalists get the facts wrong that have some readers shouting “fake news.”
Go on Mobile GopherCon 2015 Hana Kim Google
Video A video of this talk was recorded at GopherCon in Denver. Watch the talk on YouTube 2
Caution The Go Mobile project is experimental. Use this at your own risk. While we are working hard to improve it, neither Google nor the Go
team can provide end-user support. 3
Background Mobile support was frequently requested Some users built their own Go binaries for Android with cgo + external linking through NDK tool chains Some Android Apps used Go even before Go 1.4 Camlistore android app (out-of-process model)
Goandroid+Mandala (in-process model)
... 4
golang.org/x/mobile Goal: Bring Go to Mobile Platforms Why? Use Go to program a complete system (server/client)
Write a single cross-platform Go library
Bring a simple language and development tooling to mobile 5
Two ways of using Go Native Apps Write the whole app in Go
Use Go packages for graphics, event handling, audio, etc. SDK Apps Write Android UI in Java, iOS UI in Objective-C/Swift
Write common functionality in Go as a library 6
Native Apps 7
Challenge #1: Cross-platform APIs Work for Android, iOS, and Desktop environments Provide a rich set of APIs Follow idiomatic Go style 8
Demo: Hello, Gopher! This program uses the packages from golang.org/x/mobile repo
There is no Java or Objective-C or C in my code 9
Challenge #2: Build systems Dealing with Toolchain installation Cross compilation for GOOS/GOARCH combos Android/iOS-specific build details That is not fun! 11
The gomobile tool $ go get golang.org/x/mobile/cmd/gomobile Simplifies toolchain installation and app deployment To install the Android/iOS compiler tool chain: $ gomobile init To build an Android APK and an iOS app $ gomobile -target=android build $ gomobile -target=ios build (Demo) 12
SDK Apps 13
Go as a library Go 1.5 can build Go programs as a library that can be used by non-Go programs Shared library for dynamic linking ( -buildmode=c-shared )
) Archive file for static linking ( -buildmode=c-archive ) Functions marked with //export cgo annotations are callable. golang.org/s/execmodes 14
Working with Foreign Languages Manually mapping data structures and functions between languages is tedious and error-prone! 15
The gobind tool $ go get golang.org/x/mobile/cmd/gobind Automates language binding through code generation Defines the language binding from exported Go APIs; no explicit annotation Currently supports a subset of Go types 16
Binding Functions, Basic Types & Errors Go API package mypkg func Hello() (string, error) { return "Gopher", nil } Generated Java API public abstract class Mypkg { public static String Hello() throws Exception { ... } } Generated Objective-C API FOUNDATION_EXPORT BOOL GoMypkgHello(NSString** ret0_, NSError** error); 17
Binding Structs package mypkg type Counter struct { Value int64 } func (c *Counter) Inc() { c.Value++ } func NewCounter() *Counter { return &Counter{} } 18
Generated Java API public abstract class Mypkg { public static final class Counter { public void Inc() { ... } public long GetValue() { ... } public void SetValue(long value) { ... } } public static Counter NewCounter() { ... } } Use it from Java Counter counter = NewCounter(); counter.SetValue(12345); counter.Inc(); 19
Generated Objective-C API @interface GoMypkgCounter : NSObject { } @property(strong, readonly) GoSeqRef *ref; - (int64_t)Value; - (void)setValue:(int64_t)v; - (void)Inc; @end FOUNDATION_EXPORT GoMypkgCounter* GoMypkgNewCounter(); Use it from Objective-C GoMypkgCounter* counter = GoMypkgNewCounter(); [counter setValue:12345]; [counter Inc]; 20
How to build it? 21
The gomobile bind command Simplifies the build process. For example, for Android, Generates language bindings for Go packages Compiles Go code to a shared library Compiles the generated target language code Bundles everything into a .aar file (modern way to distribute android libraries) (DEMO) iOS support is a work in progress. 22
Android Studio Integration Android Studio 1.2+ supports .aar import. To update the .aar, Build script to invoke gomobile bind , or
, or Gradle plugin to invoke gomobile bind and publish the output 23
The Story of Ivy The Ivy is a command line tool developed by Rob Pike It's a useful desktop calculator that handles big int, rational and floating-point numbers, vectors, matrices, ... It is in fact an interpreter for an APL-like language 24
Ivy on Mobile? ~5k lines of Go code (not including tests, docs) Dependency on math , math/big , math/rand , unicode , ... Rewriting in Java or Objective-C is a non-starter 25
Gomobile bind Write it once as a library in Go Enjoy great language features and packages available in Go 27
Where are we now? 28
Go 1.4: Hello Android! Released in December 2014 Can build Android apps ( arm ) Android builder The gobind tool for Java and Go language binding Packages for cross-device apps: basic app control, OpenGL ES 2, touch golang.org/s/go14android golang.org/s/gobind 29
Go 1.5: Hello iOS! Planned release early August 2015 Experimental support for iOS ( arm,arm64 ) iOS builder 30
Go 1.5: Go programs as libraries Can call Go functions from foreign language in a clean way golang.org/s/execmodes 31
Go 1.5: Better tools & more packages golang.org/x/mobile repo getting better The gomobile tool for mobile app/library build Extended gobind tool: Objective-C binding golang.org/x/mobile/exp : experimenting with audio, sensor, sprite, ... 32
Go 1.6+ Improvement in GL/UI packages More APIs available to "pure Go" apps Testing, profiling, debugging Support for more platforms (e.g. android/x86, iOS simulator) Richer type support in gobind IDE integration 33
Contributions from Go community git log | word_cloud 34
By Alonso Soto and Brian Winter
BRASILIA/São Paulo, Dec 18 (Reuters) - Brazil awarded a $4.5 billion contract to Saab AB on Wednesday to replace its aging fleet of fighter jets, a surprise coup for the Swedish company after news of U.S. spying on Brazilians helped derail Boeing's chances for the deal.
The contract, negotiated over the course of three presidencies, will supply Brazil's air force with 36 new Gripen NG fighters by 2020. Aside from the cost of the jets themselves, the agreement is expected to generate billions of additional dollars in future supply and service contracts.
Saab did not immediately comment on the purchase. In addition to Chicago-based Boeing Co, France's Dassault Aviation SA was a contender for the contract.
The timing of the announcement, after more than a decade of off-and-on negotiations, appeared to catch the companies involved by surprise. Even Juniti Saito, Brazil's top air force commander, said on Wednesday that he only heard of the decision a day earlier in a meeting with President Dilma Rousseff.
Brazilian officials said the deal, one of the most coveted emerging-market defense contracts, went to Saab because it provided the most affordable option for the new jets, as well as the best conditions for technology transfer to local partners.
The choice, Defense Minister Celso Amorim said, “took into account performance, the effective transfer of technology and costs - not just of acquisition but of maintenance.”
Until earlier this year, Boeing's F/A-18 Super Hornet had been considered the front runner. But revelations of spying by the U.S. National Security Agency in Brazil, including personal communication by Rousseff, led Brazil to believe it could not trust a U.S. company.
“The NSA problem ruined it for the Americans,” a Brazilian government source said on condition of anonymity.
A U.S. source close to the negotiations said that whatever intelligence the spying had delivered for the American government was unlikely to outweigh the commercial cost of the revelations.
“Was that worth 4 billion dollars?” the source asked.
The lament echo's recent complaints by Cisco Systems Inc , which said in November that a backlash against U.S. government spying contributed to lower demand for its products in China.
In a statement, Boeing called Brazil's decision a “disappointment,” but added that it would continue to work with Brazil to meet its defense requirements.
Dassault, for its part, said it regrets Brazil's decision and called Saab's fighter an aircraft that was inferior to its Rafale jet.
“The Gripen is a lighter, single engine aircraft that does not match the Rafale in terms of performance and therefore does not carry the same price tag,” it said.
Saab says the Gripen NG has the lowest logistical and operational costs of all fighters currently in service.
Brazil coexists peacefully with all of its South American neighbors and has no enemies elsewhere. The country, however, is eager to fortify its military as it considers the long-term defense of its vast borders and abundant natural resources, including the Amazon rainforest and offshore oil discoveries.
“We are a peaceful country, but we won't be defenseless,” Rousseff said on Wednesday at a lunch with senior officials from Brazil's military, where she said the announcement was forthcoming. “A country the size of Brazil must always be ready to protect its citizens, patrimony and sovereignty.”
Sweden's defense minister, Karin Enstrom, said in an interview that the contract, “is a sign that the Gripen is a well-functioning system which is cost efficient.”
Under the terms of their agreement, Brazil and Saab will now finalize contract details within a year. The first jet is expected to be delivered two years later, with about 12 of the aircraft expected annually after that.
Brazil's decision unexpectedly wraps up a tortuous and prolonged decision-making process that had made the negotiations the object of ridicule in some defense circles.
However, the deal was taken very seriously by the competitors.
French President François Hollande personally lobbied for Dassault last week during a state visit. Boeing, for its part, was so committed to winning the contract that it opened a big corporate office in Brazil and named Donna Hrinak, a former U.S. ambassador to the country, as its top executive there.
The timing of the announcement surprised many analysts, who believed that the slowdown in Latin America's biggest economy, coupled with Rousseff's expected bid for re-election next year, would delay the purchase until 2015.
Indeed, the decision coincides with pressure on Rousseff from economists, the private sector and political opponents to curb public spending. Having initially increased government spending in efforts to spur growth, the president now faces growing criticism because of stubborn inflation and a worsening outlook for the country's budgetary targets.
Still, the country's current fleet of Mirage fighters, which the new jets will replace, is so old that the air force this week is taking them out of service. And Brazil's government said the money to pay for the jets would not come out of the budget until 2015, after the contract is finalized.
Analysts said the Gripen's cost advantage stems from its relative simplicity compared with the other jets.
“The Gripen is more accessible in terms of technology,” said Richard Aboulafia, an analyst at the Teal Group, a Virginia-based research company for aerospace and defense. “It's something Brazil could conceivable build itself.”
At the briefing in which they announced their decision, government officials said Brazilian aircraft maker Embraer SA would be Saab's principal partner. The transfer of technology is crucial to help Brazil develop future generations of fighter aircraft.
“There isn't necessarily a need to produce all the parts in Brazil,” Amorim, the defense minister said. “What's important is that specific aviation technology is transferred to Brazil so we can develop it.”
The delta-winged Gripen, Swedish for Griffin, was first introduced into service in the late 90's and is currently flown by the Swedish, Hungarian, South African, Thai and Czech air forces, according to the company's website.
Saab shares rose 1.84 percent to 133 kronor on Wednesday, their highest close in 10 days. Earlier in the day, they rose as much as 5.7 percent to 138 kronor, the highest in five months.
Boeing shares fell 0.13 percent to $135.70 in New York, while Dassault Aviation shares fell 0.4 percent to 920 euros in Paris.
Data gathered by the city shows ride-hailing services like Uber are gaining a significant foothold in the Calgary market — and some of that is likely coming at the expense of taxi companies.
In May, there were 158,355 trips taken with ride-hailing companies. The city calls them 'transportation network companies,' or TNCs.
That's up from 66,181 trips last December.
That was the month ride-hailing giant Uber started operating in Calgary but several smaller TNCs had been around for a few months before then.
For taxis, the picture is one of contraction.
In May, 525,070 taxi trips were reported. That's down from 571,428 over the same month in 2016 and down from 675,747 in May 2014.
In fact, it was the lowest monthly total for taxi trips since February 2016.
Trips being taken from taxis
A business analyst with the city's Livery Transport Advisory Committee, Marcia Andreychuk, said other cities found the arrival of TNCs meant more than just former taxi users switching to ride-hailing.
"Not all of those trips are being taken from the taxi market. Many of those trips are new trips," said Andreychuk.
"Some of those trips clearly are being taken from the taxi market. But some of those trips too may be taken from the Calgary Transit market as well."
While the May taxi trip numbers are the lowest so far this year, she said it's not possible to say if the trend will continue, both as the year goes on and as the economy is expected to improve.
"It's really too early to say what holds for the taxi industry going forward. We'll be monitoring this very closely going forward," said Andreychuk.
Taxi company planning for the future
The owner of Checker Cabs says their business is down 10 or 11 per cent. But Kurt Enders isn't sure it's all because of Uber and other TNCs cutting into their business.
"We're trying to figure out how much of that is the economy, how much of that is from the effect of TNCs so we're trying to figure out what is the real impact on the industry or for Checker itself," he said.
But don't expect one of the biggest taxi companies in Calgary to just throw in the towel.
"We're here for the long haul and we will survive and we've got some exciting things coming up the pipeline that are going to help attract people back to the taxi industry," said Enders.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The state that infamously hosted the Scopes Monkey Trial more than 85 years ago is at it again. Yesterday Tennessee's General Assembly overwhelmingly passed a bill that would make it easier for public schools to teach creationism. The bill would require educators to “assist teachers to find effective ways to present the science curriculum as it addresses scientific controversies.” It lists four “controversies” ripe for pedagogical tinkering: biological evolution, the chemical origins of life, global warming, and human cloning.
“This is part of a long held creationist strategy,” says Steven Newton, policy director for the National Center for Science Education. “By doing everything except mention the Bible, they are attacking evolution without the theology.”
Yesterday's floor debate on the bill, though not quite as dramatic as Inherit the Wind, was nonetheless a tour de force in creative polemics. For example, Republican state Rep. Frank Niceley implied that Albert Einstein, who was more or less an agnostic Jew, was actually a Christian and ergo creationism should be taught in schools:
(NOTE: You need to have Microsoft Silverlight installed to view videos.)
And then there was state Rep. Sheila Butt's Aqua Net theory:
Did Butt really learn this in high school? Or is she confusing global warming with ozone layer depletion? Has she seen this piece in Science? Just a few “critical-thought questions” for Butt's colleagues in the state Senate, who'll decide the ultimate fate of the bill in the coming months.
Today, we are excited to announce a major step in the future of Gears of War 4 Versus Multiplayer with the introduction of cross-play between Xbox One and Windows 10 PCs in Social Quickplay!
Late last year, we conducted a cross-play Test Weekend to bring our Windows 10 and Xbox One fans together in public Versus Multiplayer, combining fan feedback and extensive data gathering to help us decide the next steps to take to deliver a matchmaking cross-play Versus experience.
Here's a look at some of the top stats from our cross-play Test Weekend:
Over 750,000 Matches Played
Over 115,000 Unique Participants – 91/9 split from Xbox to Windows 10
Average of 6.2 matches played by Xbox users, with 11.2 for Windows 10 users
Over 90% of all matches during the weekend included a mix of Windows 10 and Xbox One players
Windows 10 and Xbox players had closely-matched results when comparing Average KD, Score and Kills per match based on skill ratings
The quality of matches improved for both Xbox and Windows 10 users – social lobbies had a higher average user count, and players completed 95% of all social matches entered vs 90% prior to Cross-play Weekend
When we looked at the extensive data we received thanks to the incredible participation from our community, there was a clear message – it works. And after reading the hundreds of pages of discussion and feedback from the cross-play Test Weekend, our fans said the same – it works.
As such, beginning today, Social Quickplay will now be a Cross-play playlist! This step is planned to be a permanent move for the future of Social Quickplay, with the first few months being a ‘trial period' in order to monitor player feedback alongside data to ensure the Test Weekend was representative.
Core and Competitive will remain platform independent, only matching Xbox players with each other and Windows 10 players with each other. Despite the closely matched performance between users on both platforms seen in our cross-play Test Weekend, we always want to ensure our Ranked experiences are as closely matched and competitive as possible. Due to the major popularity of Social Quickplay on Windows 10, we will be looking at introducing new Core and Competitive solutions for Windows 10 players in the future to provide more focused offerings to experience the more competitive ranked play of Gears of War 4.
We are incredibly excited to bring our Xbox One and Windows 10 PC communities closer together in Public Versus multiplayer through the power of Xbox Live. Thank you for your participation, feedback and passion – without our incredible fans, this decision would not have been possible. Whichever platform you play Gears of War 4 on, we'll see you online in Social Quickplay!
On September 2nd, atop the 'OGN eStadium', 'Samsung Galaxy' took down 'kt Rolster' with a score of 3-0 in the Finals of the regional qualifiers. Even after giving up three inhibitors in game 3, SSG managed to pull off a perfect defense, leading them to win regardless.
The following is an interview done with SSG Crown.
You've now qualified for Worlds - two years in a row. How do you feel?
Last year, when we qualified for Worlds, I saw it as a miracle. It was also very hard fought this year, and that's why I'm extremely satisfied and happy.
What made you think that you were in a slump?
I didn't know during the regular season, but looking back now, I don't think I tried my best during it. As a result, I lost a lot of my confidence... I have to recover quickly.
Were you nervous before today's series against KT?
My teammates were all playing great - so I didn't really worry. Today's series was all about me - fighting with myself. and during the games, I told myself constantly, "Today's series is the last. So let's not falter."
From today's series, was there a specific moment that you remember the most?
During the 2nd set, when the enemy Lucian ulted me. I remember a while ago, Faker solo-killed me on that champion, so I made sure to pay special attention today. I want to thank Faker for it.
A lot of fans say that you have a small champion-pool.
Of course I want to play all sorts of champions. First, I'll try playing diverse picks during practice, and then, if my team or myself feel satisfied with the results, I'll play them on stage.
What are your goals for Worlds?
Setting our goals to win the whole thing... is a bit too much at the moment. Our team faced many crushing defeats so far - so for this year's Worlds, we will try our best to play at our maximum and display great performance for the fans.
February 26
Dear adventurers,With it's introduction this week, a large number of players have been unable to access the Central Marketplace on the EU server. Our developer team has been actively working on resolving the matter, yet unfortunately an immediate fix is not currently available; if you are using a Windows 7 system, you can apply the two steps below as a temporary workaround:If you are using a newer version of Windows, simply make sure that you have downloaded and installed all available Windows Updates.This is a problem that we have already resolved on the NA server, and no further action should be necessary to access the NA Central Marketplace - a more robust solution will be applied on the EU region as soon as possible.For further information, please check out this article.Our sincere apologies for the inconvenience this matter have caused.- BDO Team
ICW's back at The Hydro in under 2 weeks mate. Have you bought a ticket for the show? If not, why not? On the smack? On the juice? On the Herbalife premium package where a Herbalife retailer will come through your bedroom windae every 2 hours and forcefeed you aw the herby goodness till you're literally a bodybuilder? Your excuses don't matter. You being skint this month is no excuse. Prioritise. If your family need to eat beans for the rest of the month for you to be at the Hydro, so be it. Beans are nutritious and farting constantly is healthy and encouraged as both a hobby and a method of detoxing. Its Fear and Loathing 10, so naturally this is a list of 11 reasons because 11 is more than 10 by exactly 1. We're being quirky here, don't you know list articles are supposed to be quirky? That's the whole thing. I'm gonnae write actual preview articles for the big matches so this will be heavy daft. Lean in to it. It might be awrite. First up….
Reason 1 – Dan Severn Might Be There
I know, I know, its no actually very likely he will be there, but he COULD be mate. He could. Its possible. Tickets are available to over 16s yes? Dan “The Beast” Severn as of today, weighs in at a smidge over 59 years old. That means he's old enough to buy 3 and a half tickets! Flights from the United States of America to Scotland happen every day don't they? So that's the transport sorted. Only thing we really need to make this a reality? A reason. Lets start a twitter feud between him and Kevin Nash by making an Official Dan Severn Twitter account and tweeting Kevin Nash gien it “Here m8, are you Kate Nash?” before dedicating every other tweet to asking him how he enjoyed working on Glow, and working the lyrics to her songs in to every retort as big Kev gets increasingly raging. Or we could pay Ken Shamrock to challenge big Dan to a square go at the Finnieston Crane. We all know Dan Severn is not the type of man to resist fighting Ken Shamrock in front of a big bastardin crane. In fact, just put Ken Shamrock vs Dan Severn on the show and be done wae it. I mean are we seriously trying to sell out The Hydro if we're no making that top priority?
Reason Two – The Hydro Serves Beer With Straws
Full disclosure, as much as its completely unprofessional to do so in my professional journalistic capacity as a professional wrestling journalist of the highest standing (6 stars, superplex!) I got fuckin steamin at The Hydro last year. I mean proper cannae feel ma limbs steamin. So steamin I spewed in a hedge outside the venue as soon as it finished and couldn't make The Cathouse after it due to being fuckin completely and utterly steamin. Then I scranned a McDonald's and spewed again. Big part of making that happen? the Hydro serves beer wae straws. The boaysies and I were already pretty lit by the time we got there, and chuck straw beers into the mix, oh wee, we became the cunts we would usually hate at shows. Aw loud and sloppy, obstructing folks views dancing to Polo Promotions theme. Nips oot for The Hydroooo. Not planning on getting that steamin this year, but with straw beers on tap, ye never fuckin know mate. Ye just never know.
Reason Three – Kevin Nash Might Chuck Rey Mysterio Into A Wall Again
For anyone who doesn't know what this is referring to, watch this video right here and marvel at the gloriousness of big Nash launching Rey like an empty crisp poke. Rey is a bigger deal now than he was back then and may have more of a say in the matter of his body being chucked into stuff with reckless abandon but if one thing is always true about the life we live, It's that big guys can always pick wee guys up. There's no a lot he could do if Nash picked him up while he's tuckin in to a pasta bake in catering, took him to the nearest road, and flung him aff the side of a double decker. He could be raging. He might get up and aim a few right hooks at big Diesel's baws, but that doesn't stop it being possible and we should all be very buzzing about that. I mean even if its not Rey himself, someone should be on the blawer to Nash right now trying to talk him in to doing this to a trainee or anyone who's got a Jean that's been gettin a bit lippy lately and needs chucked into the side of a building.
Reason Four – Sha Samuels Might Do Something Mental
The Hydro is a massive building right. At Halloween they made it orange and it looked like a big pumpkin ffs. That's the kind of venue Sha Samuels could be getting in to some seriously mad shit. If you weren't aware, big Sha does moonsaults and its majestic. His outer shell is not one that that seems very moonsaulty and for a great number of years his time in wrestling was spent straight up punching folk in the mooth and calling them soft cunts if they dared to tell him its sare. Sha Samuels doing moonsaults will never not be a thing that's just captivating to look it. The Kinky Party has been tremendous fun and this tag match with the hot on form Kings Of Catch is flying under the radar a bit. Big important stuff, and very famous men in some of the other match. It makes sense. But that makes the incentive to fly under the radar and steal the show even stronger does it no. One of the ways to do that? Tear the roof aff the Hydro, have Sha climb to the top of the SECC next door and have him moonsault from one historic Glasgow venue to another. Logistically there might be some issues with that, but see if the big man gets a few straw beers in him? Anything's possible troops.
Reason Five – Grado Might Show Up
I don't see it, but maybe that's the whole point eh? Triple H showed up at a tour show in Cardiff mate. Kurt Angle wrestled with The Shield last month. Dan Severn still has MMA fights. The Hydro will put a straw in your beer. Anything is possible. In fact, that gives me an idea for reason six…
Reason Six – Literally Anything Is Possible
I guess that's the whole point in this article. Anything can happen. Dan Severn won't be there but he MIGHT be. We exist in a timeline where wrestling has stopped playing by the rules. That's Triple H in an ICW ring. Triple H runs this wrestling patter these days and he showed up in ICW for the fuck of it. Just to show that in his eyes places like ICW are good. They matter. The beak that runs the streets they call him so they dae. He's the Alpha AND the Omega, and that's him in ICW putting ICW over strong as fuck and getting the eyes of the world on them. Nothing in wrestling has caught the common folks attention this much since Joey Ryan taught his dick how to execute a hip toss. If you are truly on the fence about buying a ticket (which you can do here, incidentally) imagine who were an ICW fan from Cardiff who decided to skip this show. Bills are tight, the auld bass guitar needs re-strung, other things just mattered more. Imagine how much you'd feel like a fud. Do they matter more than Triple H showing up and causin it? Naw mate. If that can happen at a tour show, imagine the Hydro possibilities. The Proclaimers aren't busy that night and are reportedly big Stevie Boy fans. Imagine they have sung him to the ring, but its just them flanking him manically nodding their heads to his usual music. That's the kind of special high level shit reserved for The Hydro.
Reason Seven – DCT Might Become The Number One Contender In The World Most Beautiful Singlet
Know that feeling when you're just the right amount of blazin, swayin a wee bit but no enough that the bouncer starts side eyein ye. Hulk Hogan's Real American theme comes on and you throw caution to the wind, completely losing sight of who you are as a person as you become one with that wonderful, sweaty moment in song? DCT in that singlet is what I imagine the physical manifestation of that moment would look like. All covered in stars and yella bandanas, with just the one nipple on show until business picks up to a point that it dictates double nip exposure is required. He might not win that ladder match, but I hope he plays a prominent role in it because he's a proper ICW guy int he. Baws oot and loving it constantly. Only thing that might have him even more baws oot and loving it than that singlet, is an ICW Title Shot at the Square Go.
Reason Eight – Rob Van Dam Eatin A Haggis Supper
I had already written the title of this one, then googled Rob Van Dam and hilariously the third result was him with a big ol dirty burger photoshopped into his hand. I know its not a haggis supper, but clearly Rob Van Dam and his “lifestyle” has become synonymous with scrannin fast food. The only thing more certain than him jumping off things that he probably shouldn't jump off, is that he's gonnae wire in to some of the greasiest fast food the fine city of Glasgow has to offer, and yer man's gonnae love it. I've never been more certain that an “import” was going to fall in love with this fine city than I am in the case of RvD. The whole fuckin show is about to show a haggis supper who's its singlet loving Da.
Reason Nine? I Think We're On Nine – Diesel Power
Apart from a wee nostalgia pop a few years ago at The Royal Rumble, Kevin Nash hasn't been “Big Daddy Cool” Diesel for a long time. ICW is a mad place. First show I went tae, Jimmy Havoc got cheese gratered aff Damo and nobody even really seen it because Stevie Boy was jumping off the balcony nearby. That's the kind of wacky environment where Kevin Nash might just decide to be Diesel because its a laugh. Must admit, he looks a bit off in that photo I found on Google dot com. More like big daddy roastin amiright? Because Fake Diesel went on to be Kane? No? Awrite here's a real photo. Youare have nae sense of humour btw. Lighten up.
Kidding and joking aside, I know a lot of the grapplin “purists” don't love big Nash. He's said some stuff about some vanilla midgets that some find hard to digest and thats fair enough, but by fuck was he a cool big bastard in his prime. God knows how they thought they'd get away with replacing him with a cunt who looks like that science teacher yer heavy feart of. Nae offence to big Kane or that, but the mask wasn't just for character purposes eh. Big man's got a coupon that could turn spaghetti wae a right good date on it. I'm talking you buy it in August, and its dated tae May the following year. Anyway aye, Diesel might appear, buy tickets here
Reason 10 – You Can Get There By Boat
The Clyde exists doesn't it? Its a body of water near The Hydro and it exists so you could get there by boat. For regular boat go-ers this is nothing exciting. If you've seen one boat, you've seen them aw I imagine, but a Hydro party boat like the one above? Forget about it. You'll be sippin sangria and gettin a hauny aff a very questionable hooker before ye can muster an “OH!” in elation. Know what, this started as nonsense, but I really like the idea of a Hydro party boat now. Let's make it happen. Anyone reading this who knows how to drive a boat (three point turns a must, if you don't have that down we don't have a business agreement) DM me or make me a scene out of play-doh that suggests you can drive a boat. Get the message across somehow is what I'm trying to say here I guess.
Reason Eleven – The Show Will Be Very Good
The main and most important reason you should by a ticket. For my money ICW are producing shows of a consistently high standard and have executed the build up to this show very well. Better than last year in all honesty. The marquee matches feel hugely significant, from Polo Promotions looking to end their hunt for a third ICW Tag Title reign in success, to Kenny Williams looking for a career defining win over Rey Mysterio, to the three hugely talented women who will step into a steel cage with Kay Lee Ray's Women's Title up for grabs, all the way to the big bout for all the real estate. Conker vs Conker. Shiny vs Shiny. Champion vs Champion. Joe Coffey and BT Gunn have been the most consistent in-ring perfomers in ICW since 2014, with an honourable mention to big Wolfgang anaw. These are guys who I've personally seen wrestle an obscene amount of times and not once has a bad match happened. THEY deserve this spotlight. THEY deserve all eyes to be on them when the show motors towards its finale and ICW should have its top prizes in the big match. If you're looking for a reason to come to the show, simply put, it'll be a very good wrestling show (which you can buy tickets for here btw)
Sidenote – See if you don't want to come cause ye don't like Bram, he'll probably get hit wae a ladder at some point. I mean I don't personally agree with your stance or anything, but still. Ladder.
Thanks to David J.Wilson, and whoever took the various photos of Diesel I've used. Also to whoever photoshopped a double cheeseburger into Rob Van Dam's hand.
Seriously get tickets here – http://www.ticketmaster.co.uk/icw-fear-loathing-x-glasgow-19-11-2017/event/3600517298384AB0
Advertisements
Getty Images
Last weekend, Sal Sunseri, co-owner and vice president of P&J Oyster Company, the oldest oyster processor and distributor in New Orleans, presided over the city's inaugural Oyster Festival. Throughout, he refused to entertain the notion that given the closing of many gulf oyster beds because of the oil spill, the first such festival could be the last.
“I'm optimistic,” he told me. “I believe in God and in miracles.”
But the disaster that has already robbed thousands of fishermen of their livelihood led Mr. Sunseri to announce on Thursday that his 134-year-old business has ceased shucking oysters for the time being. He told The Times-Picayune newspaper that he would not shut down his operation entirely because some oysters were still coming in.
But regular production has been halted, and he is not sure what will become of P&J and its 19 employees in the long run.
“Our fisherman have beds that are either closed, or their beds have been inundated with fresh water from the diversions used to increase flow to keep the oil at bay,” Mr. Sunseri told The New York Times in an e-mail message. As a result, he said, “we are not the P&J Oyster company that our restaurants rely on for the finest farm raised oysters in the Louisiana gulf.”
He said he had yet to determine whether those customers would buy East and West coast oysters from P&J. “Not the type of business that we are accustomed to running,” he said sadly.
Similar businesses are also having a hard time and are relying on suppliers from out of state. New Orleans restaurants are still serving oysters; some report that demand for them is even up because customers sense that the end of an era is coming.
At the oyster festival in the French Quarter last weekend, Mr. Sunseri, one of the organizers, effusively told the audience, “We feel very blessed to be able to do this, and hopefully we'll be doing it for the next 134 years.”
But there are no miracles yet.
Human Rights Watch says Malaysia is among the worst places in the world to be transgender.
More than 20 transgender women have been arrested in Malaysia since the Federal Court reinstated a cross-dressing ban earlier this month, according to a transgender advocacy group.
The Sharia ban on cross-dressing in the Negeri Sembilan state was upheld on 8 October and only applies to Muslims, but Justice for Sisters (JFS) says transgender women of all ethnicities and nationalities have been targeted.
‘Since the decision by the Federal Court that set aside two court orders, and reinstated Section 66, raids and arrests have taken place in Kuala Lumpur, Terengganu and Penang, triggering a wave of fear among the transgender community to freely move,' the group said.
Three Indian transgender women were arrested while shopping in Brickfields, Kuala Lumpur on 12 October after a man accused them of stealing his wallet when they refused his request for sex.
They were remanded in custody for three days and ‘allegedly asked to remove their clothes and were subjected to further humiliation in detention.'
Three days later, 15 transgender women of various nationalities were arrested in a raid in Bukit Bintang, Pudu and Chow Kit, Kuala Lumpur.
Four were charged under Sharia law and had their shaved heads, which JFS said was ‘a form of torture.'
The remaining 11 were released on bail several days later, but on condition only cisgender men could post their bail.
On 21 October 2015, three transgender women of Filipino nationality were arrested in Terengganu in a raid by the immigration department.
Raids have also been carried out in Penang, but no arrests have taken place.
‘In Negeri Sembilan, harassment and intimidation began on the day that the decision was delivered,' JFS said.
‘The religious authorities warned some trans women that they would be arrested if they saw them again in the area. We deplore the intimidation and harassment by the authorities towards the women, as these actions are making people feel unsafe in their own homes and to move around freely.
‘Section 66 and similar laws that criminalize one's gender identity and gender expression make transgender or trans women, regardless of religious background, vulnerable to arbitrary arrests and violence.'
Tales of Berseria set in the past world of Tales of Zestiria
New details from Weekly Famitsu.
Tales of Berseria and Tales of Zestiria are set in the same world, the latest issue of Weekly Famitsu reveals. But the story of Tales of Berseria is set long in the past.
The setting of Tales of Berseria is known as the “Wasteland.” The continent in the middle of this world is what eventually comes to be called “Glenwood,” which is seen in Tales of Zestiria.
Though it's set in the same world, the world of the past in Tales of Berseria is completely different than that of the future. Place names such as towns and nature are all different from the future seen in Tales of Zesteria, too. But there are also places where you'll be able to recall the culture and nature of the future.
Famitsu also has some details on Tales of Berseria‘s battle system. Entering battle will follow the same smooth transition as seen in Tales of Zestiria, with further improved control and field of vision. As previously detailed, you'll be able to activate Artes which can be registered to the Circle, X, Triangle, and Square buttons. Through this configuration, you will be able to trigger and coordinate various Artes based on your play style and the order that you press buttons.
A few keywords were also shared:
Goma Disease – A disease that transforms humans into monsters. Many of those affected by the illness are reduced to violence and attack others, but there are some who manage to keep their sense of reason.
– A disease that transforms humans into monsters. Many of those affected by the illness are reduced to violence and attack others, but there are some who manage to keep their sense of reason. Goma – Monsters that humans transform into. Even animals can be affected by Goma Disease.
– Monsters that humans transform into. Even animals can be affected by Goma Disease. Seirei – A race that deals with artes that use the power of nature. Most of them are not self-conscious and are used as familiars by humans. Your ally Laphicet is part of this race.
– A race that deals with artes that use the power of nature. Most of them are not self-conscious and are used as familiars by humans. Your ally Laphicet is part of this race. Scarlet Night – The night of the scarlet moon. It is said to have some sort of connection to Goma Disease.
While details are unknown, three key items—a compass, comb, and apple—are said to have a deep connection to the story and characters of Tales of Berseria.
Finally, the magazine reveals that the same character designers for Tales of Zestiria—Mutsumi Inomata, Kosuke Fujishima, Daigo Okumura, and Minoru Iwamoto—are the character designers for Tales of Berseria
Tales of Berseria is due out for PlayStation 4 and PlayStation 3 in Japan in 2016, and for PlayStation 4 and PC in North America and Europe during an unannounced release window.
Thanks, Games Talk.
LANGLEY – A wallaby wandering through Langley, has the jump on everyone trying to find it.
The roughly metre-high creature, similar to a kangaroo, has been on the hop since earlier this week when RCMP say it escaped from an enclosure inside a home.
In Twitter exchanges, RCMP have said the wallaby is a very friendly pet, but it doesn't seem interested in coming in from the cold.
It has been spotted several times around the mainly rural neighbourhood where it disappeared about 50 kilometres east of Vancouver, but is believed to be hiding in nearby trees.
A similar escape of a wallaby occurred in Kamloops nearly nine years ago.
Wallabies, which are native to Australia and parts of the South Pacific, are placid herbivores but they are known to protect themselves from dingos by lashing out with their powerful hind legs.
After a modesly positive open, Chinese stocks have pushed back into the red after Chinese business sentiment collapsed in July. The MNI China Business Indicator fell a straggering 8.8pts to 48.8 in July (below 50 signifying pessimism) - the lowest since January 2009. It appears the encouraging bounce after the massive creduit injections into June has been eviscerated and future expectations also dropped 6.4 to 54.1 in July (below the long-run average). While bad news is good news for much of the rest of the world, for China, as it continues to try to project a strong underlying economy to sustain It's still extremely rich stock market, bad news is bad news.
Weakest business sentiment since Jan 2009...
and stocks are not getting a bounce from the need for moar stimulus that this implies...
The latest fall in overall sentiment outstripped the declines in the Production and New Orders indicators - although these both also fell significantly - suggesting that other factors, principally uncertainty brought on by the large correction in the stock market, may have played a part.
So a Chinese stock market crash does matter after all?
Charts: Bloomberg
Pokémon Go is a mobile smash hit, but many would-be fans have been disappointed by the game's slow international release. The app launched in the US, Australia, and New Zealand last week, but its popularity took game-makers Niantic by surprise, and the company "paused" the title's rollout while its servers recovered. The wait should be over soon, though, with The Wall Street Journal reporting that Pokémon Go will launch Europe and Asia "within a few days." There's no official comment on this timeframe, with the WSJ citing "people familiar with plans for the game."
Users have been installing malware-infected clones in their keenness to play
Users in countries like the UK have been able to play Pokémon Go already, but only by skirting official channels. Android users can sideload the app directly onto their devices, while iPhone owners have been able to get their hands on the game by creating a new Apple ID that uses a US, Australian, or New Zealand region. Fans' keenness to play is having a damaging effect though, with various malware-infected clones of the app popping up on the web and infecting users' smartphones. Meanwhile, Nintendo itself is doing just fine from all the hype, with the company's stock price surging 25 percent in the last couple of days. Let's hope that enthusiasm will translate into better support for the game.
How Pokémon took over the world in 20 years
OMG Airdrop Code Release
Jeremy Lam Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 23, 2017
The airdrop nurtures a growing forest that is OmiseGO/Plasma and cultivates the Ethereum soil
Thank you for your continued support of OmiseGO. The OMG airdrop completed successfully on September 24th. In total, it took 5242 transactions across 36090 blocks to send 7,012,269.91226 OMG to over 460,000 people.
There have been numerous requests from the community to make the airdrop code available. We would love to share the code with the public and to the many token projects to come, and we hope that this code will be useful for uniting the Ethereum community and spreading value within it.
The OMG airdrop was itself a true community effort; many parties contributed to making it happen. We would like to express our appreciation to Vitalik Buterin for writing and adapting the original ‘many-send' contract, Gavin Wood for providing an efficient method for obtaining the Ethereum addresses, Martin Becze and Kumavis for scraping the needed addresses, Frederico Araujo for putting necessary infrastructure in place, Bitcoin Suisse for handling custody of the airdrop funds, Philip Daian and Karl Floersch for conducting the third-party contract audits, and Paweł Bylica for his contribution to develop the final contract itself.
Full instructions and details about the code can be found in the README.md file in the omisego/airdrop repository. It is important to note that the airdrop scripts were created specifically for the OMG airdrop and will require careful analysis and modification if the code is to be used for other token airdrops.
We are honored to release this code to the community and hope it can be used to further the Ethereum ecosystem.
OmiseGO Team
With deaths from heroin and opioid prescription pills soaring, Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman on Thursday is expected to announce a push to have law enforcement officers across the state carry a drug that is effectively an antidote to overdose.
The program, to be funded primarily from $5 million in criminal and civil seizures from drug dealers, would help provide a kit with the drug, naloxone, and the training to use it to every state and local officer in New York, the attorney general's office said.
The authorities have increasingly seen naloxone, also known under its brand name Narcan, as a potent weapon against a national surge in drug overdoses. Last month, the Justice Department encouraged emergency medical workers across the country to begin carrying the drug.
The move to broaden access in New York is the latest tactic employed by state officials to combat abuse of pills and the rising specter of heroin use. Last year, the state Health Department began more closely tracking prescriptions that are written for the most frequently abused drugs. Early data from the program show a decrease in so-called doctor shoppers, or those who move among many prescribers to get steady access to addictive pills.
January is a big month for trans fans of DC Comics, as one of the iconic brand's writers has come out as transgender, and the latest issue of Detective Comics pulls back the cape on Batman's support for a mysterious new character, who just happens to be trans.
She is Dr. Victoria October, an unorthodox scientist in charge of a quarantined zone of Gotham City that she calls, “Monster-Town.”
DC Comics
Of course, October isn't the first transgender character in mainstream comic books. That honor fell to Batgirl's roommate, Alysia Yeoh, who came out as trans to Barbara Gordon, in a tearful exchange in April 2013.
But as Screen Rant told its readers, the gender history of Dr. October is treated more as an afterthought, a commentary, as she makes her first appearance with Batman and Batwoman, who next month will be the star of her own, new standalone comic book.
“The best part? The newest ally of Batman isn't defined by her trans identity. In fact, if you're not one of the people whose existence is validated by the character's story… there's a good chance you wouldn't even notice it,” wrote Andrew Dyce. “The fact that most readers will simply take Dr. October as the woman she appears to be is a best-case scenario – and all that would be hoped for, in life, as in fiction.”
October hints at Batman's acceptance in two frames, one alluding to their knowledge of each other pre-transition, and the next one marking her gratitude that the Caped Crusader would send her a card after she came out, marking Batman forever as a trans ally.
DC Comics
“When Batwoman notes just how unique a surname like ‘October' actually is,” Dyce wrote, “Victoria confirms that the name is a self-assigned one to match her bold nature, admitting that ‘my deadname didn't have half the panache, I'm afraid.'”
An unfortunate turn in Dyce's otherwise affirming report is his speculation on October's past, and whether she could be the new identity of Scarecrow. That kind of treatment flies in the face of true acceptance, even though trans people are well aware of the curiosity many cisgender folks have about our “deadnames” and our past, most frequently asking, “What's your real name?”
The real name of DC Comics writer Lilah Sturges was revealed in a recent article about her coming out and by Sturges herself, in her late December “coming out” post on Facebook.
Facebook
She wrote that she began her transition several months ago and that she was now living as her authentic gender — female — almost all of the time. And she acknowledged some folks will stumble on occasion:
“Please don't avoid talking to me because you're afraid of making a mistake. If you accidentally call me 'Matt' or 'Matthew' or refer to me as 'he' or 'him,' it's NOT A BIG DEAL. I accidentally 'he/him myself' sometimes! You don't need to fall over yourself apologizing.”
And after a week of questions like, “Why?” and statements such as “I just don't get it,” Sturges posted a longer answer to friends and fans:
Sturges is hardly the first transgender woman in the comic books universe, as NewNowNext reported. Sophie Campbell of Jem and the Holograms, Rachel Pollack of Doom Patrol and Magdalene Visaggio of Kim & Kim preceded her.
The writer of Justice Society of America, Shadowpact, Blue Beetle and Jack of Fables was hailed by her cisgender colleagues for her decision to come out.
“I am happy for you and in awe of your courage,” Marc Andreyko wrote on Sturges's Facebook post. He's the gay writer whose graphic novel, Love is Love, honoring the victims of the massacre at Pulse nightclub has hit The New York Times' best-seller list. “You sure picked a helluva year to do this, though!”
DC Comics
DC editor Ellie Pyle has promised to get Sturges's credits updated with her proper name.
Read more about Sturges here and more about Dr. Victoria October here.
This Story Filed Under
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage of rebels on the road between Ras Lanuf and Bin Jawad
Libyan rebels are fleeing the oil port of Ras Lanuf after sustained attacks by forces loyal to Col Muammar Gaddafi.
There were reports of severe civilian casualties after rebel positions and residential areas came under fire from rockets and shells.
Libyan state TV said pro-Gaddafi troops had also cleared rebels from the oil port of Sidra, west of Ras Lanuf.
One of Col Gaddafi's sons, Saif al-Islam, said it was time for "liberation" and "action".
In other developments:
Gulf Arab states said Col Gaddafi's regime was illegitimate and contacts should be made with the rebels
US President Barack Obama's top intelligence adviser, James Clapper, predicted Col Gaddafi would defeat the rebels
The Brazilian daily Estado said one of its journalists, Andrei Netto, had been safely released after going missing days ago in Zawiya; citing Libyan officials, the UK Guardian said its correspondent, Ghaith Abdul-Ahad - who had been with Netto - remained in custody
Three Dutch soldiers taken captive in late February as they tried to evacuate civilians from Sirte are being freed
In recent days, Col Gaddafi's forces have been trying to regain ground in the rebel-held east, as well as the town of Zawiya, west of Tripoli.
Hospital evacuated
One report on Thursday said that pro-Gaddafi tanks advancing on Ras Lanuf had reached their easternmost position since the conflict began.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Saif al-Islam Gaddafi: "This is our country. We will never ever surrender"
A witness in the oil port said he had seen dozens of dead bodies in the residential part of the town.
A BBC reporter said the Ras Lanuf hospital had been evacuated due to the bombardment, and a mosque had been hit in an oil workers' residential area.
"We've been defeated," a rebel fighter told AFP news agency. "They are shelling and we are running away."
But Reuters quoted rebels as denying Ras Lanuf had fallen.
Government planes also targeted Brega, another oil port further east.
Shifting balance?
Zawiya, 50km (30 miles) west of Tripoli, is now reported to be either largely or wholly under the control of government forces, after being bombarded for days with tanks and artillery.
He said if I say one word in English, he would kill me Feras Killani, BBC Arabic correspondent BBC team describe beating
Residents of the city have said women and children are among the dead.
Western journalists in Tripoli were taken late on Wednesday to a stadium on the outskirts of Zawiya that was filled with Gaddafi loyalists waving green flags.
BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus says fears the military balance may be shifting in Col Gaddafi's favour have prompted calls for urgent international action.
However, the African Union said on Thursday evening from the Ethiopian capital Addis Ababa that it rejected any idea of foreign military intervention in Libya.
Ramtane Lamamra, commissioner of the AU's Peace and Security Council, said that body would appoint five heads of state to travel to Libya shortly in an effort to end the conflict.
France earlier became the first country to recognise the Libyan rebel leadership, the National Transitional Council (NTC), as the country's legitimate government.
Britain later followed suit, with its Prime Minister David Cameron and French President Nicolas Sarkozy jointly urging other EU countries to do likewise.
In a letter to European Council President Herman Van Rompuy, Mr Cameron and Mr Sarkozy also backed plans for the possible imposition of a no-fly zone over Libya "or other options against air attacks".
Nato defence ministers discussed a no-fly zone during talks on the Libyan crisis in Brussels, but they decided more planning was needed.
Mustafa Abdul Jalil, head of the rebel council, urged other countries to recognise them as Libya's leaders.
The revolt began in mid-February when opponents to Col Gaddafi's 41-year rule seized towns and cities in the east, after successful popular uprisings in neighbouring Tunisia and Egypt.
When news broke that the Duggars' hit TLC show 19 Kids and Counting had been officially canceled, no one was more disappointed than the family, a source who has worked closely with them tells PEOPLE in this week's issue.
The cancellation came two months after a 2006 police report surfaced revealing that Josh Duggar had been accused at age 14 of molesting five underage girls – including two of his sisters, Jill Dillard and Jessa Seewald. (He apologized and said he had “acted inexcusably” after the report became public.)
The source says the evangelical Christian family, who often discussed their religious faith on their TLC show, is “heartbroken that they've now lost that platform.”
“The Duggars want to return to TV because they truly believe it was part of God's plan for them to spread the word about their faith,” the source says.
“I think Jim Bob and Michelle honestly did expect people to just move on from this,” the source adds. “Their thinking is, they put this behind them ages ago, so why wouldn't the rest of the world?”
Now with their show off the air, the Duggars' future in television could possibly parallel that of Kate Gosselin, whose show was also canceled in 2011 following her nasty split from ex-husband Jon Gosselin. According to a source, TLC's occasional Kate Plus 8 specials on could be used as a potential model for future Duggar series.
RELATED VIDEO: The Duggars Break Their Silence
For much more behind the scenes information on the Duggars' cancellation, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday
Mr. de Blasio has encountered a series of difficulties in recent months, including the tussle with Mr. Cuomo, also a Democrat, over a disappointing legislative session in Albany, and distressing headlines about a rising murder rate — even as city officials have noted that overall crime continues to fall.
The mayor was also recently the subject of negative ads from the car-hailing company Uber, which opposed a proposed cap on its growth that the mayor had promoted. (The city has, for now, backed away from the proposal.)
Administration officials were quick to connect the increase in disapproving voters — a four-point uptick since May — to the Uber campaign, noting that the mayor's numbers also suffered for a time last year during a public dispute with advocates of charter schools.
“This is a mayor who focuses on the fundamentals New Yorkers care about, not political chatter,” a spokesman, Wiley Norvell, said in a statement, citing crime reductions and the city's housing plans.
Aides also highlighted unfavorable polls for Michael R. Bloomberg at a similar point in his first term as mayor. In July 2003, 31 percent of voters approved of his stewardship of the city; 60 percent disapproved. (At the time, Mr. Bloomberg, a Republican who later became a political independent, had drawn the ire of many voters for championing antismoking legislation and for deciding to raise property taxes.)
WACO, Texas – Johnny Jefferson must be a little more famous this semester, right?
That would make sense. All he did with his winter break was rush for 299 yards in Baylor's Russell Athletic Bowl upset of North Carolina.
Jefferson was one of the kings of bowl season, finishing with exactly 1,000 rushing yards on the season after leading the Bears to a record-shattering 645-yard rushing performance. He made a name for himself. So how's that paying off around campus?
Johnny Jefferson is eager to build on his breakout performance against North Carolina in Baylor's Russell Athletic Bowl victory. AP Photo/John Raoux
“I wouldn't say I'm famous,” Jefferson said, “but I think it was a good opportunity for people to like to see what I'm really capable of. It was just a steppingstone.”
He knows that after the best night of his young playing career better days are ahead.
Jefferson finished No. 4 in the nation in yards per carry (an efficient 7.35 average), putting him in good company with Georgia's Nick Chubb and Florida State's Dalvin Cook. He finished his sophomore campaign on a tear, rushing for 601 yards and 8 per carry over his final four games while Shock Linwood sat out with a foot fracture.
The next step? Proving he can do this consistently. That's what running backs coach Jeff Lebby is demanding this spring.
“Evidently I know what I'm capable of, but I've got to show Coach [Art] Briles what I'm capable of,” Jefferson said. “I'm excited to see what he's planning to do with me to help the offense.”
The uber-productive Linwood goes into his senior year only 204 yards away from breaking Baylor's career rushing record. But he's sidelined this spring while he recovers from foot surgery. Jefferson isn't going to waste this opportunity.
He loves and respects Linwood. But of course he wants to be the Bears' No. 1 back.
“I wouldn't be a competitor and I wouldn't be telling the truth if I was just like, ‘I'm OK with being second,'” Jefferson said. “In Coach Briles' offense, everybody gets an opportunity to touch the ball. It's just a fact of if you're going to capitalize on it or not.”
He made the most of his backup role in 2015, becoming the first Power 5 back to rush for 1,000 yards on fewer than 150 carries since Lache Seastrunk, his old teammate, did it in 2012.
Jefferson redshirted and learned from Seastrunk in 2013. He wasn't thrilled about redshirting at the time, but he's grateful he did.
“The offense is so fast that it's good for anybody to redshirt,” Jefferson said. “By taking the years off, I really got to learn the playbook and learn from guys who were ahead of me like Seastrunk and Glasco [Martin]. I got to take bits and pieces from all those guys.”
When the injuries piled up on the Bears late last season, Jefferson's niche revealed itself. Put him behind center and he'll run wild. Jefferson racked up 134 rushing yards in the second half alone vs. Texas. He got a little more time to practice taking snaps, and then he torched the Tar Heels.
The Wildcat-inspired work felt easy, almost second nature, to Jefferson after his days of toting the rock at nearby Killeen High. Always helps to have those spacious run lanes, too, that his linemen paved against UNC. Briles liked it enough that he has threatened to keep evolving the quarterback-less attack.
“I don't think you've seen the last of it,” Briles said. “That's all I'll say.”
Next time Briles asks Jefferson to take more snaps behind center, the junior will be ready to roll.
“No complaints at all. You won't hear any coming out of my mouth,” he said. “Maybe just a big smile from cheek to cheek.”
He's game for anything that keeps him on the field. Jefferson is determined to prove throughout this spring, summer and fall that the 299-yard spree was just the beginning.
“Oh, I'm really excited,” he said. “More doors are open. More opportunities.”
The Cowardly Lion (Bert Lahr), The Scarecrow (Roy Bolger), Dorothy (Judy Garland), and The Tin Man (Jack Haley) traverse a danger-filled Yellow Brick Road in "The Wizard of Oz" (1939). Photo: Courtesy of Warner Home Video less The Cowardly Lion (Bert Lahr), The Scarecrow (Roy Bolger), Dorothy (Judy Garland), and The Tin Man (Jack Haley) traverse a danger-filled Yellow Brick Road in "The Wizard of Oz" (1939). Photo: Courtesy of ... more Photo: Courtesy Of Warner Home Video Photo: Courtesy Of Warner Home Video Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close ‘Wizard,' ‘Gone With the Wind' at Grand Lake in Oakland 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Seeing a movie at the Grand Lake Theater feels like going back in time, even when the movie house is showing “Deadpool” or “Star Trek Beyond.”
The Art Deco theater near the edge of Lake Merritt has been carefully restored and doesn't show commercials, and the Mighty Wurlitzer organ is still operational.
This weekend, the transformation will be complete when the Grand Lake presents two Hollywood classics on its big screen: “Gone With the Wind” and “The Wizard of Oz.” The films were both released in 1939, 13 years after the Grand Lake opened as a vaudeville theater and silent-movie house.
The organ plays on Friday and Saturday, Sept. 2 and 3, before the start of “Gone With the Wind,” and during intermission of the 238-minute movie. Tickets purchased online are reduced to $6, and regular price at the door.
— Peter Hartlaub
Hollywood Classics: Friday-Sunday, Sept 2-4. “Gone With the Wind” at noon and 7:30 p.m., “The Wizard of Oz” at 4:45 p.m. $6-$12.50. Grand Lake Theater, 3200 Grand Ave., Oakland. www.renaissancerialto.com
Exxon Mobil will relocate the bulk of XTO Energy's Fort Worth operation to a campus near Houston in a move that will cost the city 1,600 jobs and leave a number of downtown buildings for sale.
The oil and gas producer, which was acquired by Exxon in 2010, announced the move to its employees on Friday. Company officials said that 1,200 employees will be moved to Houston in 2018 with another 400 transferring in 2020.
XTO will keep about 350 employees in Fort Worth assigned to its Central Division/Fort Worth District as well as some Midstream Operations employees in the field supporting Barnett Shale operations. The expanded Central Division/Fort Worth District employees will move from the Stockyards to one of XTO's downtown buildings when space becomes available.
XTO, founded in Fort Worth in 1986 by Bob Simpson, Steve Palko and Jon Brumley as Cross Timbers Oil, is credited with contributing to the rebirth of downtown by buying and rehabilitating a number of old office buildings. It gradually emerged as a top downtown employer as other Fort Worth companies such as RadioShack declined.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Star-Telegram
The company plans to sell six of the seven buildings it owns in Fort Worth in a phased marketing approach, said Suann Guthrie, a company spokeswoman. It owns six buildings downtown as well as the former Swift & Co. building in the Stockyards.
“It's a sad day to hear that a legacy company like XTO is announcing a move from Fort Worth,” said Bill Thornton, president of the Fort Worth Chamber of Commerce. “You talk about Fort Worth entrepreneurs, establishing itself as it did on the world landscape ... it's a disappointing day.”
Fort Worth is a business and community-oriented city, and we appreciate the partnership we have had. The move is not a reflection of our feelings about doing business in Fort Worth. Sara Ortwein, XTO Energy president
The decision to move was made after an extensive study reviewing all aspects of the business, the company said in a statement. Irving-based Exxon Mobil has invested in a state-of-the-art campus in Houston that contains its other businesses, and the company is seeing benefits from having all of them in one location.
XTO Energy occupies the historic Waggoner Building at 810 Houston Street in downtown Fort Worth. David Kent dkent@star-telegram.com
Since XTO is a key part of Exxon Mobil, it will be better able to collaborate and share expertise with the other business divisions, the company statement said.
“Fort Worth is a business and community-oriented city, and we appreciate the partnership we have had. The move is not a reflection of our feelings about doing business in Fort Worth,” Sara Ortwein, XTO Energy's president, said in statement. “XTO is an important part of Exxon Mobil and this move will enable collaboration and provide more opportunities to share expertise across the entire corporation.”
“We appreciate our community partnership and will maintain strong ties to the community through our employees who will continue to be in the Fort Worth area,” Ortwein said. “Together we have done many great things, such as improving pedestrian safety and awareness, and working with Downtown Fort Worth Inc. and the Mayor's Development Council on improving building standards, lighting standards, landscaping and aesthetics.”
Fort Worth Mayor Betsy Price learned of the company's move while in Canada on a trade mission. She said she was surprised by the call, describing the news as a blow to the community at a time when Fort Worth is booming.
Price said XTO is “an incredible company” that grew from just a few employees into one of the largest independent oil and gas companies in the U.S. She said the company has been a big part of Fort Worth's history for the past couple of decades.
“It was such a success story for Fort Worth,” she said.
Price said the company will “leave a legacy” with the historic buildings it has redone.
“I'm sorry for their employees,” Price said. “I hate to lose them. They've been a good corporate partner for us. While we'll miss them, we will push on. I wish them well.”
Community leader
When Exxon bought XTO in 2010, it said it would keep the company in Fort Worth, despite having massive land holdings in Houston. The local real estate community has speculated for years that the company might move to Houston.
Exxon Mobil bought a wooded 385-acre tract about 20 miles north of downtown Houston in 2008 and three years later began building a 20-building, 3 million-square-foot campus, large enough to hold about 10,000 employees.
By 2015, the campus was reported to already house more than 4,000 workers.
XTO is one of the largest landowners in downtown Fort Worth. It owns six properties totaling more than 700,000 square feet of office space. Starting under the tutelage of CEO Bob Simpson, the company spent untold millions to restore downtown office buildings, paying special attention to historic details.
Simpson, who bought the Texas Rangers with Dallas oilman Ray Davis after the sale to Exxon, later bought and renovated the old Star-Telegram building downtown, now home to his MorningStar Oil & Gas.
Over the years, XTO has been a major sponsor of many civic events, including the Parade of Lights and competitions for the National Cutting Horse Association. For many years, the company has been a player in the Sale of Champions at the Fort Worth Stock Show, paying six figures for top steers.
XTO's corporate involvement has included work with Meals on Wheels, Big Brothers Big Sisters, The Women's Center, Boys and Girls Clubs and the Susan G. Komen Tarrant County Race for Cure.
In 2003, the company was awarded the Fort Worth Chamber of Commerce's Spirit of Enterprise Award.
Valued expertise
Exxon hopes that most of XTO's employees will make the move to Houston “because they have an expertise that the company values,” Guthrie, the company spokesman, said.
In recent years, Exxon has increased its profile in domestic shale drilling, something that XTO pioneered first in the Barnett Shale and then elsewhere.
In January, Exxon bought 275,000 acres in the booming Permian Basin oil fields from the Bass family for $5.6 billion in stock and $1 billion in contingent cash payouts. The oil company said the purchase covered 3.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent, nearly doubling its existing resources in the Permian to 6 billion barrels.
XTO Energy manages that project, which was the seventh transaction in the Permian Basin by Exxon in the last three years and its largest since the company bought XTO.
“This acquisition strengthens Exxon Mobil's significant presence in the dominant U.S. growth area for onshore oil production,” Darren W. Woods, Exxon Mobil chairman and chief executive officer, said in a statement at the time.
This report contains material from the Star-Telegram archives.
