Verizon completes its $4.48 billion acquisition of Yahoo; Marissa Mayer leaves with $23 million 11:40 AM ET Tue, 13 June 2017 | 00:45
Verizon has completed its $4.48 billion acquisition of Yahoo's core internet business and said Tuesday that Marissa Mayer is stepping down.
The assets, which include Yahoo Finance, will be combined with AOL brands such as the Huffington Post under a new subsidiary called Oath. Tim Armstrong, former CEO of AOL, will head the subsidiary, which houses more than 50 media and technology brands.
Mayer, Yahoo CEO since July 2012, is expected to receive a "golden parachute" payment that filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission say isworth more than $23 million.
Verizon announced plans to buy Yahoo's core internet business last July. After the deal was announced, Yahoo disclosed that it had discovered two data breaches in 2013 and 2014 affecting more than 1 billion user accounts.
The two companies then agreed that the final acquisition price would be $350 million less than the original offer of about $4.8 billion.
On Wednesday, the Muslim world celebrated its new year amidst fears and concerns of the growing threat of ISIS and the spread of an extremist militant ideology that has destroyed peace and harmony in many parts of the Muslim world. ISIS and other terrorist organizations which kill and commit barbaric acts against innocent Muslims and non-Muslims alike continue to be the worst enemies of Islam.
Reports of ISIS terrorist activities dominate the Western press and our local press has daily coverage of alarming stories of young ISIS recruits who turn against their own families: a son who kills his father, two young members of a family who shoot their cousin, all because they do not share the same terrorist views. There are also many stories of parents who discover too late that their sons have been recruited by terrorists in Syria or Iraq. It is evident that terrorist groups are determined to target our youth and use them to further their own political agendas. Sadly they have been very active while many of our imams and parents have failed to recognize the extent of their threat.
The nationwide campaign to combat extremism and foster tolerance and moderation should involve all government agencies and engage civic institutions Samar Fatany
Meanwhile, the national campaign to fight deviant ideology has not been effective. It is critical at this stage to mobilize a stronger united front of progressive reformers to combat extremists who are a threat to our security and social stability. The public should be more alert and should confront those imams with extremist views who promoted a toxic mentality. Extremists and ISIS sympathizers among us need to be confronted by those with a stronger sense of patriotism and better citizenship.
Disillusioned
Nurturing and guiding the young is the national and religious responsibility of all members of society. Many of the young have become disillusioned by the failure of both reformers and hardliners and hence have adopted an extremely negative attitude with regard to their country's values and traditions. The limited opportunities to participate in cultural, economic and political life have created a dangerous situation with the potential for violent behavior from frustrated youth who have no hope for a better future. This state of affairs may lead to social turmoil and political unrest.
The nationwide campaign to combat extremism and foster tolerance and moderation should involve all government agencies and engage civic institutions. Community leaders must speak out against social ills that have led to extremism and have created a hostile environment.
The prevalent conventional policy of authoritarian constraint does not permit the implementation of flexible programs to ensure basic rights for all citizens. Rather it allows the influence of negative and unprogressive attitudes to exist depriving many of the freedom to express themselves and to reject hardline views.
A determination to combat extremists
The social attitude of many who are convinced that there is no urgency for domestic reform is the main obstacle to a more prosperous society. There are others who are persuaded that we need to develop slowly to allow society more time to accept modernity and adopt more progressive attitudes. However, this policy will only add more hurdles, and the continued delay will compound our challenges keeping us lagging behind the accelerating global progress.
The old school of a centralized system must be upgraded with management that delegates work to qualified personnel, young men and women, who can get the work done without delay. Discrimination and the lack of incentives are behind the poor performance in many government departments. It is time we catch up with global progress with more support for an active civil society that can complement government policies, push the implementation of reforms and promote the skills of citizenship essential for a more tolerant and progressive environment.
Let us celebrate this new year with renewed determination to combat extremists who are a threat to our security and social stability. Let us take time to reflect upon our achievements and create better prospects for our youth with innovative reforms to meet the challenges of the modern world.
This article was first published in the Saudi Gazette on Oct. 3, 2015.
_________
Samar Fatany is a Chief Broadcaster in the English section at Jeddah Broadcasting Station. Over the past 28 years, she has introduced much news, cultural, and religious programs and has conducted several interviews with official delegations and prominent political personalities visiting the kingdom. Fatany has made significant contributions in the fields of public relations and social awareness in Saudi Arabia and has been involved in activities aiming at fighting extremism and enhancing women's role in serving society. She has published three books: “Saudi Perceptions & Western Misconceptions,” “Saudi Women towards a new era” and “Saudi Challenges & Reforms.”
Last Update: Sunday, 18 October 2015 KSA 07:59 - GMT 04:59
This really puts perspective into what happens when you slap a brand name onto something. A bag that looks like it came straight from Ikea has just received a high-fashion upgrade by Balenciaga.
The bag itself is made from glazed leather with hints of gold costs a whopping $2,145 – a far stretch when you compare it to a similar looking product that costs 99 cents.
An Ikea spokesperson today sounded quite happy stating: “We are deeply flattered that the Balenciaga tote bag resembles the Ikea iconic sustainable blue bag for 99 cents. Nothing beats the versatility of a great big blue bag!”
People have been wondering if the more expensive is just as good; considering that IKEA's blue bag can hold nearly 50 liters of water with ease.
What do you think? 0 points Upvote Downvote Total votes: 0 Upvotes: 0 Upvotes percentage: 0.000000% Downvotes: 0 Downvotes percentage: 0.000000%
At its best, theater can serve as a mirror of humanity, a reflection that allows people to live through characters and recognize similar experiences in their own lives, said stage director Tom Diamond.
Theater can also lead audiences to understand a wide spectrum of emotions without having to personally experience them, he said.
That is something Diamond hopes to achieve this month as he directs Utah Opera's “Lucia di Lammermoor,” which he calls a “visceral” story about love, revenge, a need to survive and loss, that will be at Salt Lake City's Capitol Theatre March 11-19.
Set in 17th-century Scotland, “Lucia di Lammermoor” is a tragic love story that follows Lucia and Edgardo, members of opposing houses who are carrying on a secret romance. Lucia's brother, Lord Enrico Ashton, views this affair as a threat to his political power and coerces his sister into an advantageous, arranged marriage with another man.
Lucia vehemently opposes this arrangement and is devastated when the marriage takes place. As her grief deepens, she begins to lose her sanity, culminating in “one of the most shocking scenes on the operatic stage,” according to a news release from Utah Opera.
Although the storyline is infused with tragedy, Utah Opera's production blends the singers' “incredible feats of vocalism” with the Utah Symphony's “beautiful melodies” to create a “complete musical experience” for audience members, conductor Gary Wedow said in an interview with the Deseret News.
James Westman, who plays Lucia's power-hungry brother, Enrico, described the performance as a “duet” between the singers and symphony musicians.
“With this production, we're able to produce a lot of colors, which will instill a greater connection to the audience,” he said. “That's why we do what we do.”
In addition to its emotionally charged storyline, the opera is also vocally demanding.
“It's vocal gymnastics,” Westman said. “I sing my highest note of my range, and I sing one of my lowest notes of my range and everything in between.”
The performers have worked hard to combine their vocals with the emotions of the characters they portray.
“In the old days, I think that singers would probably do a lot of standing on the stage,” Diamond said. “Now we want to see some acting up there. They're singing this very difficult music and acting. It's thrilling.”
Nicole Haslett, who plays the title role in her Utah Opera debut, said she approached the role by finding a connection with Lucia, who she described as “extremely passionate and often one-track minded.”
“It is very important to use your past experiences and your own emotions as fuel on stage,” she said. “This will be my first time bringing (Lucia) to life, so I'm very very excited.”
Westman applauded Haslett's performance.
“I can't believe it's her first (time playing Lucia),” he said. “She even looks like my sister, too. She's such a nice girl (that) it's hard to be angry sometimes.”
Westman said that while he plays a villainous role, he still strives to reveal a human side that expresses love and compassion toward his sister. He mentioned that despite being in constant opposition, the two characters are connected by their “passionate, one-track minded” ways.
“There's this whole idea that (Lucia and Enrico) are very much similar, and yet, I'm much more evil,” Westman said.
“(Enrico is) a very rich character,” Wedow added. “And the way we're portraying it is much more interesting than the way you sometimes see it, as kind of only a villain.”
Westman mentioned that Enrico suffers from a sense of remorse for his actions at the end of the opera when he witnesses Lucia's descent into madness.
This moment, commonly referred to as the “mad scene,” was not initially popular at the time the opera was written, according to Wedow. He said the scene is designed to make people feel nervous and uncomfortable.
Westman added that the opera also includes elements of feminism, with Lucia's open refusal to obey the rules of convention. He said the opera serves as an “exposé on the misogynistic reality of the day.”
“There's a realization of the time, and it lasts throughout history, of injustice,” he said. “A lot of unsuccessful operas don't deal with that — things that can last forever.”
Although it does incorporate some traditions from other variations of the opera, Utah Opera's production of “Lucia di Lammermoor” honors composer Gaetano Donizetti's original version, Wedow said, and will provide viewers with “a more authentic experience.”
The physical production is also true to “the actual tradition” of the opera, Diamond said.
“It's beautiful architecture," he said. “It's kind of what you imagine in your mind's eye if you listen to this music and imagine what that world would actually look like.”
And for those who attend Utah Opera's production of “Lucia di Lammermoor,” Diamond hopes that above all else, they will enjoy “the astounding nature of the human voice.”
“They're very passionate about music in Utah,” Westman added. "There's a passion for opera here, and I think they're going to love this.”
If you go ...
What: Utah Opera's "Lucia di Lammermoor"
Where: Capitol Theatre, 50 W. 200 South
When: March 11, 13, 15 and 17, 7:30 p.m.; March 19, 2 p.m.
How much: $21-$103
Web: utahopera.org
Phone: 801-355-2787
(Photo: Darren Baker/Dreamstime)
A record 25 percent of husbands are married to wives who have more education than they do.
Editor's note: This piece originally appeared on the website of the Institute for Family Studies. It is reprinted here with permission.
Good news for American men: A record 25 percent of husbands are now married to wives who have more education than they do. This has reversed a long-term trend since the 1960s, when it was much more common for a husband to have more education than his wife.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The shift happened mostly after 1990, when the share of husbands who were better educated than their wives started to fall. During the same period, young women surpassed men in college enrollment and graduation rates.
The pattern of the husband “marrying up” educationally is more pronounced among newlyweds. In 2015, 32 percent of newlywed women married a spouse whose education level was lower than theirs. In contrast, 20 percent of newlywed men married a spouse with less education.
With the rising share of couples in which one partner has more education than the other, the share who have similar education levels has been falling. In 1960, 78 percent of couples were in this group, but by 2015, the share had dropped to a record low of 50 percent. The primary reason for the decline is that marriages between spouses with high school or less education are much less common today, declining from 74 percent of all marriages in 1960 to only 23 percent in 2015.
Advertisement
At the other end of the education spectrum, marriages between college-educated Americans are on the rise. In 1960, less than 2 percent of marriages were between two college graduates. By 2015, this share rose to 9 percent. And another 6 percent of marriages were between spouses who both have post-graduate degrees.
Advertisement
Even though overall, wives have more education than their spouses today, men are still the primary provider in a majority of marriages. In 2015, more than seven in ten married men (73 percent) had a higher income than their spouse, although the share was down from 91 percent in 1960. During the same period, the share of married women who out-earned their spouses rose from 6 percent to 25 percent.
This discrepancy between education and income within married couples also applies to newlyweds. Among couples who married in 2015, only 20 percent of husbands had more education than their wives, yet 67 percent earned a higher income.
In fact, regardless of how men's education compares to their wives', husbands still end up having an edge on earnings. As the figure below shows, among all married men with less education than their wives in 2015, nearly 60 percent earned more money than their spouses. And the share is about the same among newlyweds. When married men have the same or higher education than their wives, an even higher share of husbands out-earn their spouses.
This “within-family income gap” happens primarily for two reasons. First, each individual family is part of the society, where, overall, working women are paid less than men. Aside from workplace discrimination and the motherhood penalty, married women also tend to carry on more family responsibilities than their husbands and make career choices that prioritize work and family balance. Even among the younger generation of Millennials where women have more education than men, this pay gap still exists.
This income gap is also a result of the self-selection process. Despite women's gains in education and in the workplace in recent decades, the traditional pattern in dating and marriage persists. When asked about qualities in a potential spouse or partner, never-married men place more importance on choosing someone who shares their ideas about raising a family, while never-married women view having a steady job and financial security as a top priority in a potential partner. Therefore, even when women “marry down” educationally, they continue to “marry up” in income.
Advertisement
Advertisement
From an income-pooling perspective, marrying someone who is better educated and perhaps also making more money increases your overall standard of living. As a recent study suggests, married men may have benefited most from women's progress in education and the workplace, simply because they have more opportunities today to marry women who are better educated than themselves.
In contrast, married women's financial gains through marriage have declined since the 1990s. Married women used to have a higher standard of living than married men overall since they were typically the ones to “marry up.” But with the increase in women's education and earnings, and with more women marrying men with lower education, married women's financial advantages over married men have diminished.
Moreover, the declining share of marriages between spouses at the lower end of the education spectrum is troublesome. It goes hand-in-hand with the decline of marriage among less-educated Americans. And it further contributes to the growing marriage divide in the U.S., which affects the well-being of children and families in a profound way.
Advertisement
Advertisement
— Wendy Wang is director of research at the Institute for Family Studies and a former senior researcher at Pew Research Center, where she conducted research on marriage, gender, work, and family life in the United States.
READ MORE:
The Strange Traditionalism of the Liberal Elite
Why Marriage Matters
The Only Way to Rebuild the Marriage Culture
*Note: In this piece, the relative education between husbands and wives is based on four education levels: high school or less, some college, college, and advanced degrees. Therefore, if a college graduate marries someone with a post-graduate degree, it is considered “marrying up.” In my earlier analysis on the similar topic, marriages between a college graduate and someone with an advanced degree were not captured separately.
Every Groundhog Day, thousands gather in Punxsutawney, Penn., to receive the prediction of the beloved Punxsutawney Phil. According to tradition, if Phil sees his shadow while exiting his burrow, there will be six more weeks of winter. If Phil is not greeted by his shadow, then spring will begin early. While Phil's ability to forecast the weather might be seen as remarkable, other legends surrounding this mythical creature are almost as far-fetched.The average lifespan of a groundhog is six to eight years, but according to the Punxsutawney Groundhog Club, there is only one Phil and he has been making weather predictions since 1887. Their website states that he drinks a magical "groundhog punch" each summer at the Groundhog Picnic and gains seven years of life with each sip.The Punxsutawney Groundhog Club also says that Phil relays his weather prediction to the president of his "Inner Circle" by speaking "Groundhogese". Phil's predictions are not premeditated, according to the club, and the special language can only be understood by the club's current president.Perhaps the most implausible legend of Punxsutawney Phil is the club's belief that he is always correct in his weather prediction. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , since 1990, Phil has only been correct 24 percent of the time.Some might say the mystery of all of these legends is what makes Phil a beloved figure. No matter the evidence, thousands will still gather in Punxsutawney to see Phil and receive their (potentially inaccurate) weather prediction.
Hmmm one month has elapsed since the last conversion blog post so it is proably time for a status update.
If you are interested in expediting migration of a project over to mozbuild or helping out with the conversion effort to deprecate Makefile.in read this earlier blog post for help on getting started:
How you can help with moz.build conversions: https://adirondackfirefly.wordpress.com/2013/06/10/how-you-can-help-with-moz-build-conversions/
For conversion status here are all the gory details:
Per-variable conversion status[1]:
https://wiki.mozilla.org/User:JoeyArmstrong/conversion
https://wiki.mozilla.org/User:JoeyArmstrong/conversion Tracking bug of pending conversions [2][3]:
http://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=847009
Converted variable:
CMMSRCS
CPPSRCS
EXTRA_JS_MODULES
EXTRA_PP_COMPONENTS
HOST_CPPSRCS
HOST_CSRCS
HOST_LIBRARY_NAME
SDK_HEADERS
SSRCS
XPCSHELL_TESTS
In progress: supported but some Makefile.in variables linger.
ASFILES
CSRCS
EXTRA_COMPONENTS
HOST_CPPSRCS
LIBRARY_NAME
SDK_LIBRARY
SIMPLE_PROGRAMS
** Item of note:
Content for converted variables should now be maintained within the appropriate moz.build file. In the very near future, attempting to build while any of these variables are declared within Makefile.in will be handled as an error condition.
[1]
This wiki reports current status for conversion of mozilla-central makefile variables. jcranmer has been maintaining comm-central info on this page so you can also find conversion info for thunderbird/seamonkey/…
[2] – Feel free to take and work on any bugs linked to by the nomakefiles tracking bug. Any conversion bugs that are not assigned or have patches attached have yet to be worked on.
Advertisements
Temba Bavuma became the first black African cricketer to make a Test century for South Africa in January 2016
South Africa's sports minister has banned four of the country's sport federations from bidding for major international tournaments after they failed to create enough opportunities for black players.
Rugby, cricket, athletics and netball are the affected federations.
The South African Rugby Union had said it would bid for the 2023 Rugby World Cup by the time of the June deadline.
But minister Fikile Mbalula says the ban is in place for at least a year.
The South African government has long encouraged the country's main sport, rugby union, to create more opportunities for black players.
The country's five major sports federations agreed on various transformation targets with the government in 2014, but football was the only one to meet its target.
"I have therefore resolved to revoke the privilege of Athletics South Africa, Cricket South Africa, Netball South Africa and South African rugby to host and bid for major and mega international tournaments," Mbalula said in a statement.
The ban comes into effect immediately and Mbalula said the decision will be reviewed after he has received the results of the federations' transformation efforts for 2016-17, which could be as late as 2018.
Both the rugby and cricket federations said their officials would go into closed-door meetings with sports ministry officials after the announcement.
Athletics South Africa said it would need to study the "pronouncement'' made by Mbalula before commenting.
The ban will not affect the 2022 Commonwealth Games, which has already been awarded to Durban as the bid was led by the South African Olympic committee.
South Africa hosted the Rugby World Cup in 1995, with Francois Pienaar receiving the trophy from Nelson Mandela
Analysis
BBC Africa's Pumza Fihlani, in Johannesburg: Transformation in sport is a thorny issue here. South Africa's sporting codes are often criticised for being "too white", more than 20 years after the end of white minority rule.
But the minister's announcement is likely to be met with fierce criticism by some in sport's circles who argue that players should be selected on merit instead of colour.
Those who support the quota system - one of the measures introduced by Nelson Mandela's government to make sport more racially inclusive - say black players would never be fielded if federations were not forced to.
The honeymoon period is over here and South Africans are beginning to ask uncomfortable questions about the veracity of the "rainbow nation" concept.
Some say only once racism is addressed, across all sectors including sport, can the country look at doing away with affirmative action policies - and in the case of sport, leave it to the players to prove themselves on the field.
So the new Nexus 7 may have gone live for purchase in Google Play moments ago, is also available for immediate pick-up at select Best Buy stores, and can be Prime shipped to your house via Amazon by tomorrow, but none of those compare to the current deal Staples has running.
If you use coupon code 41178 during checkout, $30 will be slashed off the tablet. In other words, you are getting the brand-new Nexus 7 with FHD display, double the RAM, and newer processor for the same price as the original N7 16GB when it first launched, and a cheaper price on the 32GB model. Using this code, you'll lock into a new Nexus 7 for $199 (16GB) or $239 (32GB).
Update: Staples appears to now be out of stock.
The deal runs until July 28 (Sunday), so go get it!
Via: Staples [2]
Cheers @BiggiePhat!
Shonali Advani, ET BureauThe internet has become the launchpad for dozens of restaurant startups. While they don't have the same burden of overheads as their legacy counterparts, several other challenges abound.A host of internet-first restaurants - SpoonJoy, Yumist, Hello Curry, BiteClub, NutriTown, Brekkie, FreshMenu, FRSH, HolaChef, and Eatlo, just to name a few - have become household names, especially among working professionals bored of their canteens. Each of these are experimenting with various models at the back end, bringing a range of innovations to production, distribution and supply chain. Take a look at five internet-first restaurants that have become household names...
The funding slowdown for Indian Internet companies has started taking a toll on cash-hungry food-tech startups , forcing several of these to scale down. FreshMenu and Frsh do not have money to sustain operations beyond a few months as they are unable to raise fresh rounds of funding, said an investment banker aware of the developments.Internet-first restaurant SpoonJoy has paused operations in Delhi and parts of Bengaluru, which prompted a dig by rival Yumist in a Twitter ad-post that read: “Let us be the spoon to feed you with some real joy.“Food-tech companies mushroomed rapidly in the past year, becoming a much sought-after e-commerce sector while relying heavily on burning through cash to attract customers in a market that quickly got crowded. The change in their fortunes is symptomatic of the looming threat of a growth-stage funding crunch for Indian internet companies.“Food-tech companies came up together and investors placed bets on different companies. But none of the (venture capital) funds have capacity to fund a round more than Series-A,“ the investment banker said on condition of anonymity .Rahul Harkisanka, founder of Eatlo, said the company has money to sustain for another 9-12 months. Rashmi Daga, founder of FreshMenu, declined to give details on the company's finances. Both Harkisanka and Daga said their companies were in the market to raise fresh financing.“We have just gone into the market a week back to raise our next round,“ said Daga, whose company raised about $5 million, or Rs 30 crore, from Lightspeed Venture Partners earlier this year.Manish Jethani, founder and chief executive of SpoonJoy, said the online restaurant was modifying its backend operations. “We are still serving some high-density areas. However, other low-volume areas have been put on hold till this change happens,“ Jethani said.SpoonJoy, which counts Flipkart co-founder and CEO Sachin Bansal and SAIF Partners as investors, until recently served 1,500-1,800 orders a day in seven areas in Bengaluru. It has now suspended operations in four areas and merged its seven delivery centres into two. “Most likely, (SpoonJoy is) pivoting to a marketplace model, which they will figure out in the next two weeks,“ said an investor in the company, requesting anonymity.Jethani declined to comment on this. “All our infrastructure and everything else is intact, but operations have been paused for a while because you cannot make changes at every moving place simultaneously. We are trying to optimise logistics. This is not a change in position or strategy, just a change in the back-end model,“ he said.Since last year, 31 food-tech startups have raised seed or angel funding, according to startup data tracker Tracxn, but only five have been able to raise follow-on or series-A funding from institutional investors. This is forcing many of the other startups to reduce their cash burn rate as they re-assess their business models.“This is just the beginning of the downturn cycle,“ said a Bengaluru based venture capitalist, also requesting anonymity since his firm holds investments in these segments. “The food-tech model involves a lot of cash-burn and is very operations-intensive.“With inputs from Madhav Chanchani in Mumbai
We present the five most interesting takeaways from analysis of the vast trove of data thrown up by our Policy tool in the lead-up to this election.
Since its debut on August 14, more than 120,000 people have viewed over 1.3 million pages of Policy, our tool for comparing parties' different positions across various areas. The project, created by Asher Emanuel, Ollie Neas, Racheal Reeves and their team, has been a phenomenal success in its aim to inform and educate potential voters about specific policy areas.
Alongside that success has been an incredibly rich trove of data, revealing a huge amount about which parties and policy areas have proven popular. Critically, given the coalition-building that MMP has always required in New Zealand, it also shows how users' preferences overlap across parties. The master set would likely be of great interest to parties, given what it reveals about how various policies and issues are rating with such a large number of likely voters. For the rest of us, it's a fascinating insight into what makes us pull the two levers which are the main way we participate in our democracy.
A few caveats: it's only in the past 10 days that users have been able to blind policy from party, so existing preferences will have had a bearing on what they highlighted. It's unscientific, in that users actively had to seek out the tool. And while it has generated a large volume of search engine traffic, the clear majority came through our platform – make whatever assumptions you like about our audience's demographics and political leanings. Be aware that all parties had different quantities of policy – from ACT's 69 up to Labour's 152 – which will impact certain sections. Another note: there was no facility to login, so no individual preferences were or are visible.
That declared, here are the five most interesting takeouts from the data.
1. The most popular policies overall are…
Policy allows users to “fave” policies they like best – the function from which this info is drawn. Labour has two in the top five, but it's interesting to see all four of the largest parties represented. Water has been a strong thread to the campaign, and the protests in Morrinsville brought it to the forefront of the debate again. But few might have picked Labour's water levy as the most popular policy of the campaign to date. Interestingly, National's policy on dairying, requiring the fencing of waterways, also cracked the top five. Housing also appears twice, via Labour's rental WOF and NZ First's restrictions on land ownership, with the Greens' tourism levy rounding out the top five. Bubbling under: the next three policies on the popularity list were all from the Greens: on infrastructure, cycling and tax reduction for the first $14,000 of income.
2. Party preferences
Based on the number of policies a specific user faved, we were able to extrapolate a party preference. Again with the caveats: this assumes that all preferences are weighted equally, which is rarely true, and ignores other vote-inducing calculus, like potential coalition partners, polling and personality. Also, remember the assumptions you might make about our audience's demographics and politics.
Still, the results are pretty extraordinary, particularly for the Greens, who've had a largely miserable campaign to this point – a lot of people seem to really like what they're saying. It also shows a far more even distribution of votes – with the exception of the drag racers of the main parties, who are at half or below their current levels, every single other party out-rates their current polling.
3. Topic preferences cross-mapped with party preferences
This offers some fascinating insights by combining most favoured party with area of policy interest. The depth of the red indicates how likely a user with an obvious party preference was to interact with policy in a specific topic area. It likely confirms your existing biases about what a party's voters might emphasise, but nonetheless throws up interesting nuggets. Those who lean toward TOP weight the environment considerably more heavily than those who lean toward the Greens, for example – perhaps giving weight to the latter party's argument that its affinity there is over-weighted by pundits.
The Labour inclined skew toward housing policy roughly twice as heavily as National's. For all the billions being thrown at roads and rail this election, it rated fairly low for all parties. And who knew United Future fans cared so much about health?
4. Issue interest versus party preference
This is like a deeper dive into the prior – beyond the policy area and into the issue. The detail is quite startling. For example, ACT has three separate issues – all related to the economy – about which its voters care more than those of any other party care about anything.
It perhaps shows the extent to which minor parties become vectors for people passionate about relatively narrow baskets of policy. It also shows that there are three areas of peak issue interest alignment across the parties – all, intriguingly, between parties currently divided between government and opposition, or on a kind of war footing: National and New Zealand First on regional development; Labour and the Māori Party on schools; the Greens and TOP on water. Here are the areas most explored, along with the percentage picking that issue and party leaning.
5. The overlap of issues
One layer down sits what might be the most tantalising detail of all: the policy championed by one party most “liked” by those of another. Tantalising because after the fight, comes the dance: these guys are all going to have to arrange themselves into some form of coalition, and that coalition will be far more easily assembled if those who drove parties to power are passionate about the same broad policies.
Policy wouldn't be here without the very generous support of lead sponsor Chapman Tripp, the Institute for Governance and Policy Studies at Victoria University of Wellington, Grant Thornton, Muffin Break, iwantmyname and InternetNZ.
This content is funded entirely by Flick, the electricity retailer giving New Zealanders power over their power. With both spot price and fixed price plans available, you can be sure you're getting true cost and real choice when you join Flick. Support us by making the switch today.
You may know him best as the creator of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure , but there's more to Hirohiko Araki than that one series. Araki began actively attempting to publish manga in high school, pursuing his chosen career relentlessly before finally breaking through with the one-shot Poker Under Arms in 1981. Over the years, Araki has developed his technique into something he calls “the royal road to creating manga,” which he outlines in his nonfiction work Manga in Theory and Practice , recently published in English by Viz . Almost more than his manga, this writing guide offers insight into the breadth and depth of Araki's knowledge, and the advice he gives is useful to anyone pursuing a creative career in writing or sequential art . Araki's admiration of Hemmingway's use of dialogue, the cinematic achievements of Clint Eastwood, and the works of mangaka from the medium's early years to today comes across not just as an appreciation for those artists, but a fundamental understanding of what makes them great. From his insights into how he works to his analysis of all of the elements that go into making a successful creative piece, Hirohiko Araki is a creator who is in tune with his medium, his readers, and the concept of literature as a whole. Whether it's Stands, Old West showdowns, or creepy towns made up entirely of mansions, Araki's manga is always worth reading.
ARAKI HIROHIKO NO MANGAJYUTSU ©2015 LUCKY LAND COMMUNICATIONS/ Shueisha, Inc .
ANN: Your fans associate JoJo's Bizarre Adventure with high fashion. Can you take us through the process by which you create unique costumes for your characters?
HIROHIKO ARAKI : When I create characters' outfits, I am conscious of two elements: ‘daily life' and ‘fantasy'. I envision everyday fashion alongside strange, cartoonish, bizarre clothing that would be impractical in real life.
You don't seem to stick to a specific color scheme for your characters when doing cover illustrations or color pages. Why is that?
I put more emphasis on giving readers different feelings and impressions through different color combinations.
Which Stand powers were the most fun for you to draw? Are there any Stand powers which you had an especially difficult time depicting?
One of my favorites stands is Shigechi's (Shigekiyo Yangu's) ‘Harvest.'
One that I had a difficult time with (not artistically, but rather in terms of plot and story development) is ‘Deadly Queen' in Part 4. I felt that I may have made it too strong. It wouldn't have been a surprise if Josuke was not able to defeat it.
ARAKI HIROHIKO NO MANGAJYUTSU ©2015 LUCKY LAND COMMUNICATIONS/ Shueisha, Inc .
Steel Ball Run took an interesting approach to battle manga by focusing on a positive portrayal of a hero with a disability. What inspired you to create Johnny Joestar?
My work centers around protagonists who grow as they overcome hardship. In creating Johnny, I didn't necessarily set out to depict a hero with a disability. He was the end result of my pursuit to create a character who could grow, both physically and mentally, during a race where he would be forced not only to rely on other people, but horses as well.
You've spoken in other interviews about how you drew muscular body types in Phantom Blood and Battle Tendency because Stallone and Schwarzenegger were popular at the time. You've also said that you moved to thinner body types for Diamond is Unbreakable and Vento Aureo because readers were losing interest in muscle men and you wanted to do more with your interest in fashion. Steel Ball Run and JoJolion seem to represent another big shift in the evolution of your art style. What inspired the looks of Steel Ball Run and JoJolion ?
In Parts 1 through 8, I put a conscious effort into creating distinguishable protagonists who don't have similar silhouettes and appearances, including their outfit designs. I also have the protagonists function to symbolize the “world” that each part takes place in, so the story influences them as well. Of course, I also don't want to hinder the evolution of the art itself. I'm always exploring art styles.
ARAKI HIROHIKO NO MANGAJYUTSU ©2015 LUCKY LAND COMMUNICATIONS/ Shueisha, Inc .
You worked for several years with a weekly deadline as part of Shonen Jump , until transitioning to a monthly deadline when JoJo's Bizarre Adventure moved to Ultra Jump in 2004. What are your feelings on the weekly vs. monthly model of creating manga?
Having a deadline every week, along with shorter chapters, restricts what can be drawn, and also requires momentum to build up excitement for the following week. With monthlies, there are more pages and flexibility for me to draw at my own pace, which suits me at this time.
It's become a running joke among your fans and colleagues that you're an immortal who doesn't age. Do you have any beauty tips you'd like to share with our readers?
Living an orderly lifestyle and face washing with Tokyo tap water.
ARAKI HIROHIKO NO MANGAJYUTSU ©2015 LUCKY LAND COMMUNICATIONS/ Shueisha, Inc .
In Manga in Theory and Practice , you say that the theme of all 8 parts of JoJo is "an affirmation that humanity is wonderful". Could you elaborate on that?
Out of the various layers of falsehoods contained in Todd Akin's now-notorious claim that “legitimate rape” cannot end in pregnancy, one that caused many eyebrows to raise the highest was his contention that “doctors” had told him that the female body has a way to prevent pregnancy from rape through a vague mechanism he described as “shut that whole thing down.” Surely no actual doctor would say such a thing, many of us thought. But we underestimated the right's devotion to creating their own set of “facts,” backed up by their own “experts.” Just as conservatives have been able to pay handsomely for people with impressive-sounding credentials to spread lies about everything from global warming to weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, so have they been able to build up their own little empire of medical doctors who will say any fool thing about women's bodies and pass it off as science.
If anything, the anti-choice movement was instrumental in shaping the conservative approach to science. Anti-choicers were among the first to realize that if the experts and the evidence counter your beliefs, you can simply make up your own claims and put them in the mouths of well-credentialed people. It's just as good as the truth! Better, even, because it can be endlessly manipulated to meet new ideological goals.
Advertisement:
The belief that rape induces unspecified contraceptive properties appears to have taken hold in the anti-choice movement after being promoted by Dr. Jack Willke, who claimed in 1971 that “assault rape” prevents pregnancy, because the assault makes the body unwelcoming to pregnancy. He continues to stand by this belief, including the “assault rape” language, demonstrating that there's nothing new about the conservative tendency to insinuate that the victims bear the responsibility for the majority of rapes.
Willke cannot be regarded as a marginal or fringe character in the anti-choice movement. He was the president of the U.S. National Right to Life Committee and heralded by Mitt Romney's campaign in 2007 as “a man who has meant so much to the pro-life movement in our country.” He's written a number of books on sex and abortion, and really can be understood as an early adopter of the conservative school of disregarding inconvenient facts and passing off wishful thinking as if it were facts.
A website chronicling some of Willke's writings under “Abortion: Questions and Answers” is a wonderland of lies and misinformation, starting with the claim that no state in the history of the world has ever permitted abortion prior to Roe v. Wade, even though abortion was largely legal in this country prior to the mid-19th century. He dramatically overstates the dangers of abortion, even going so far as to claim that women who get abortions run a strong chance of contracting hepatitis or HIV, or becoming sterile. He also opines that a prior abortion should make young women ineligible for marriage, because of all the supposed damage it does to her body, presumably making her an inadequate vessel to grow her husband's heirs.
This strategy among anti-choicers of simply telling lies about how sex and reproduction works has been built into the movement from the beginning and continues to be one of its primary strategies. Anti-choicers continue to insist, despite the evidence to the contrary, that abortion causes breast cancer and suicide, and politicians have gone as far as forcing doctors to tell these lies to patients seeking abortions. Just this week, the ACLU had to sue a California school district for promoting hoary Christian right myths like “kissing spreads HIV” and recommending “plenty of rest” instead of condoms to prevent STDs. The Bush administration showed much love for the “making crap up” school of anti-choice medical science, by appointing Eric Keroack as deputy assistant secretary for population affairs at the Department of Health and Human Services, even though Keroack promoted the belief that women who have multiple sexual partners are physically incapable of feeling love for their husbands or children.
Long before the larger Republican war on science, in other words, the anti-choice movement realized that by simply lying with a lot of footnotes, you could convince audiences who want to believe that any fool thing was scientific fact. Indeed, the anti-choice movement has functioned as a testing ground in many ways for various political strategies that go on to be adopted broadly among conservatives. They were among the first to realize that simply rebranding themselves with a nice-sounding name like “pro-life” could do a lot to cover their misogynist, sex-phobic roots. Since then, the strategy of misleading language has become central to the conservative mission, as we see with misleading phrases from “death panels” to “supporting traditional marriage.” They were among the first conservative movements to appropriate the imagery of the opposition, as well, claiming to be the heirs of the anti-slavery and civil rights movement while actively fighting to deprive women of basic civil rights.
Back in 1980, feminist writer Ellen Willis saw exactly how much the antiabortion movement really had become the leading edge of the larger conservative movement. She wrote at the time:
Advertisement:
The antiabortion movement is the most dangerous political force in the country. I believe -- and in saying this I intend no hyperbole whatsoever -- that it is the cutting edge of neo-fascism, a threat not only to women's rights and to everyone's sexual freedom and privacy but to freedom of religion and civil liberties in general.
The subsequent years have demonstrated she was right in her suspicion that anti-choicers are the “cutting edge,” and where they go the rest of the movement would follow. Akin's misinformation about the functions of the female body stems from a long history of anti-choice activists' making up lies in order to stoke hysteria about women's sexuality. Of course anti-choicers simply make up their own science when the actual facts don't suit their purposes. They're not just part of a larger conservative push to throw off the chains of “reality-based” thinking. When it comes to making up fake facts to support their positions, they're the original gangsters.
Just a little bit ago, I received word that Microsoft or an agency that represents them had pulled an almost two year old video by a podcaster named Bruce Naylor of FrugalTech. Then word came via the same thread and Twitter that other podcasters including Chris Pirillo and Mark Watson from SoliderKnowsBest had been issued similar takedown notices. At first it looked like the takedown notices were targeting bad reviews, but it's beginning to look like any mention of Microsoft may earn a YouTuber a takedown notice.
Pirillo has suggested the hashtag #Microstopped to collect all reports.
We don't know much at this time, but we will update you as we know more. Have you been #Microstopped?
Update
It turned out that the whole #Microstopped issue comes down to a major misunderstanding according to Neowin. It was never Microsoft's intention to shut down entire videos, but to remove specific comments where individuals were posting stolen serial codes to software. Somewhere in there, there was a major miscommunication between Microsoft and YouTube which resulted some angry and confused YouTubers.
If you video comes back up, let us know.
A few days ago UK researchers announced that 17 skeletons belonged to Jews were found at the bottom of a medieval well in Norwich, England. The Jews were murdered in a pogrom or had been forced to commit suicide rather than submit to demands for conversion to Christianity.
The bodies date back to the 12th or 13th Centuries, at a time when Jewish people faced killings, banishment and persecution throughout all Europe. Those 17 Jews were killed because of "replacement theology," the most ancient Christian calumny arguing that because of their denial of the divinity of Christ, the Jews have forfeited God's promises to them which have been transferred to the Church.
Special Historian's study of 'blood libel' angers fellow Jews Ynetnews Italian-Israeli historian suggests some ritual murders of Christians might have really been committed by Ashkenazi Jews seeking revenge for massacres; professor's university says it has 'always condemned any attempt to justify the awful blood libels against the Jewish people' Historian's study of 'blood libel' angers fellow Jews
Some 10 centuries later, global Christian forums are reviving this theological demonology against the heirs of those 17 Jews: the Jews of the State of Israel. The World Council of Churches, an ecumenical Christian body based in Genève and boasting 590 million worshippers, just ended a four-day conference in the Greek city of Volos. Not a single word of criticism was uttered there against the Islamists who are persecuting Arabs who believe Jesus.
Receive Ynetnews updates directly to your desktop
Lutherans arrived to Volos from the United States, Catholics and Protestants from Bethlehem and Nazareth, Orthodox Christians from Greece and Russia, lecturers from Beirut and Copts from Egypt. The conference declared the Jewish State "a sin" and "occupying power," accused Israelis of "dehumanizing" the Palestinians, theologically dismantled the "choseness" of the Jewish people and called for "resistance" as a Christian duty.
The conference denied 3,000 years of Jewish life in the land stretching between the Mediterranean and the Jordan River, took sides against the very presence of Israel, likened the defensive barrier that has blocked terrorism to "apartheid," attacked Jewish homes in Judea and Samaria invoking the name of God and conceptually dismissed the Jewish state, imagining it to be a mixture - Islamic, Christian and perhaps a bit Jewish. It even legitimized terrorism when it talked about the "thousands of prisoners who languish in Israeli jails," proclaiming that "resistance to the evil of occupation is a Christian's right and duty."
Copying Ahmadinejad's rhetoric
In the last few months we have seen a radical and dangerous increase of attacks on Israel by the Protestant and Catholic churches. While the US is home to many Christian supporters of Israel, the groups more closely linked to global public opinion, European bureaucracy, the media industry, the United Nations and various legal forums are all violently anti-Israel and anti-Jewish. They are paving the way for a new Jewish bloodbath by the theological exclusion of Israel's Jews from the family of nations.
The patriarch of the Antioch Church, the Catholic Melkite Gregory III Laham, proclaimed that there is a "Zionist conspiracy against Islam," reviving old conspiracy theories that led to infamous pogroms. In Antwerp, once called "the Belgian Jerusalem," a highly respected and government-funded Catholic school, the College of the Sacred Heart, just hosted a "Palestine Day" replete with anti-Semitic references and activities for youngsters. One stall at the event was titled "Throw the soldiers into the sea," allowing children to throw replicas of Jewish and Israeli soldiers into two large tanks.
The most influential international Catholic peace movement, Pax Christi, just promoted a boycott of Israel's goods "in the name of love." The most hated Israeli product includes Ahava, the famous Israeli cosmetics company, whose shop in Covent Garden, London, has just been closed by the company after years of demonstrations. Strangely, Ahava body lotion tubes have been chosen as a satanic symbol of Jewish colonialism.
Today, most of the divestment campaign against Israel is driven by Christian groups such as the Dutch Interchurch Organization and the Irish Catholic group Troicaré, both funded by the EU. The United Church of Canada, a very popular and mainstream Christian denomination, just voted to boycott six companies (Caterpillar, Motorola, Ahava, Veolia, Elbit Systems and Chapters/Indigo) and South African bishop Desmond Tutu convinced the University of Johannesburg to severe all its links with Israeli fellows.
Last year the Methodist Church of Britain voted to boycott Israeli-produced goods and services from Judea and Samaria. The catholic Pax Christi is also leading the campaign glorifying Mordechai Vanunu, Israel's nuclear whistleblower who had converted to Christianity.
La Civiltà Cattolica, the Vatican magazine reviewed by the Holy See secretary of state before publication, in January opened with a shocking editorial on Palestinian refugees. Adopting the Islamist propagandist word "Nakba," just recently invoked by Arab mobs to breach Israel's borders, the paper declared that the refugees are a consequence of "ethnic cleansing" by Israel and that "the Zionists were cleverly able to exploit the Western sense of guilt for the Shoah to lay the foundations of their own state." Indeed, Ahmadinejad's rhetoric is alarmingly similar.
Israel a ‘foreign implant'
Israel's relationship with the Vatican is different from Jerusalem's relationship with Albania or Luxembourg for example, because the Catholic Church has more than one billion adherents and a global moral authority. At the Rome synod, Archbishop Cyrille Salim Bustros, a cleric chosen by Pope Ratzinger to draft the synod's 44 final propositions, denied the Jewish people's biblical right to the Promised Land. "We Christians cannot speak about the Promised Land for the Jewish people. There is no longer a chosen people", Bustros said, reviving the "replacement theology."
Edmond Farhat, a Maronite Apostolic Nuncio, who is a sort of Vatican's ambassador, described Israel's place in the Middle East in terms of a rejected "foreign implant" that which has no specialists "capable of healing it."
Elsewhere, the current Latin Patriarch of Jerusalem, Fouad Twal, named by Pope Ratzinger to represent the Catholic community in Israel and the West Bank, is sponsoring an appeal against the "Judaization of Jerusalem." Indeed, at this time, new anti-Israel policies by the most powerful Christian groups are breathing new life into Medieval doctrine that demonized Jews for hundreds of years.
The replacement calumny has changed its language, yet it still marks a death sentence for the Jewish people: Israelis, like Lucifer, were God's chosen but were cast out for their rebellious and evil ways, and now deserve to be obliterated from the so-called "Holy Land,” the argument goes. From Norwich to Itamar, the Jewish martyrs are an everlasting and heroic stain in this horrible, theological blood libel.
Giulio Meotti, a journalist with Il Foglio, is the author of the book A New Shoah: The Untold Story of Israel's Victims of Terrorism
The Force was strong with Leonardo DiCaprio, but not quite strong enough to dethrone “Star Wars” from its perch atop box office charts.
Throughout the weekend, “The Force Awakens” was locked in a pitched battle with “The Revenant” for first place, but as the dust settled on Sunday, the “Star Wars” sequel had managed to eke ahead of the bloody revenge drama to retain its crown for the fourth straight weekend, picking up $41.6 million in receipts. That brings the space opera's stateside haul to $812 million, making it the first film to ever cross $800 million domestically.
“The Revenant” still had much to celebrate. The film about a fur trapper whose quest for vengeance finds him braving roaring rapids, dodging hostile Native American tribes and disemboweling a dead horse, became an unlikely box office winner. The film, which is expected to land DiCaprio in the Oscar race, pulled in a sterling $38 million in its wide release debut.
Directed by Alejandro G. Inarritu, Fox bowed the bloody thriller across 3,375 locations. The hugely complicated shoot was a production nightmare, with the film's budget ballooning from $90 million to $135 million and the cast and crew being forced to decamp from Canada to Argentina in search of snow. Despite the challenges wrought by global warming, the film exceeded projections, which had it opening to around $20 million. The film appealed to men and older ticket-buyers, drawing an audience that was 57% male and 73% over the age of 25.
Related ‘Star Wars: Force Awakens' Breaks Records With $53 Million China Debut
“Quality prevails,” said Chris Aronson, Fox's domestic distribution chief. “This is a real, reality-based film drawn from true events. It's a motion picture that was made in the most arduous of circumstances and the end result is just a fantastic achievement.”
Combined with its grosses from the two weeks it spent in limited release, “The Revenant” has now made $39.5 million. In an era of diminishing star power, the picture confirms DiCaprio's popular appeal, analysts say. The actor's strategy of pooling his clout with the artistic visions of distinctive filmmakers such as Inarritu, Martin Scorsese, Quentin Tarantino and Baz Luhrmann has paid off with unorthodox hits such as “The Wolf of Wall Street,” “The Great Gatsby” and “Django Unchained.”
“He is one of the last great poster boys for star power in Hollywood,” said Jeff Bock, an analyst with Exhibitor Relations. “He is on a great streak of picking great movies and aligning himself with top tier directors. He's doing that better than anyone else. It's what makes him a movie star.”
There were other films looking to share in the post-holiday spoils. Paramount's “Daddy's Home,” a comedy about a step-father (Will Ferrell) competing with his wife's first husband (Mark Wahlberg) for her kid's affections, took third place with $15 million. It has made $116.3 million since debuting over Christmas.
Focus Features opened the thriller “The Forest,” starring Natalie Dormer and Taylor Kinney, in 2,451 locations, where it grossed $13.1 million for a fourth place finish. The film centers on a young American woman who travels to Japan to find her sister.
Universal's “Sisters” rounded out the top five, earning $7.2 million. The Amy Poehler and Tina Fey comedy about a pair of siblings suffering from arrested development has racked up a respectable $73.9 million since opening last month.
Among awards season hopefuls, Tarantino's “The Hateful Eight” dropped a steep 60% from its wide release bow despite adding 464 theaters. The revisionist Western from the Weinstein Company picked up $6.4 million, bringing its total to $41.5 million.
And Paramount's “The Big Short” made $6.3 million. The financial crisis comedy with Brad Pitt, Ryan Gosling, Christian Bale and Steve Carell has earned $42.8 million. It could get a box office bump after the Golden Globes air Sunday and after Oscar nominations are announced on Thursday.
Today is effectively my last day at Mozilla, before I start at Impossible on Monday. I've been here for 6 years and a bit and it's been quite an experience. I think it's worth reflecting on, so here we go; Fair warning, if you have no interest in me or Mozilla, this is going to make pretty boring reading.
I started on June 6th 2011, several months before the (then new, since moved) London office opened. Although my skills lay (lie?) in user interface implementation, I was hired mainly for my graphics and systems knowledge. Mozilla was in the region of 500 or so employees then I think, and it was an interesting time. I'd been working on the code-base for several years prior at Intel, on a headless backend that we used to build a Clutter-based browser for Moblin netbooks. I wasn't completely unfamiliar with the code-base, but it still took a long time to get to grips with. We're talking several million lines of code with several years of legacy, in a language I still consider myself to be pretty novice at (C++).
I started on the mobile platform team, and I would consider this to be my most enjoyable time at the company. The mobile platform team was a multi-discipline team that did general low-level platform work for the mobile (Android and Meego) browser. When we started, the browser was based on XUL and was multi-process. Mobile was often the breeding ground for new technologies that would later go on to desktop. It wasn't long before we started developing a new browser based on a native Android UI, removing XUL and relegating Gecko to page rendering. At the time this felt like a disappointing move. The reason the XUL-based browser wasn't quite satisfactory was mainly due to performance issues, and as a platform guy, I wanted to see those issues fixed, rather than worked around. In retrospect, this was absolutely the right decision and lead to what I'd still consider to be one of Android's best browsers.
Despite performance issues being one of the major driving forces for making this move, we did a lot of platform work at the time too. As well as being multi-process, the XUL browser had a compositor system for rendering the page, but this wasn't easily portable. We ended up rewriting this, first almost entirely in Java (which was interesting), then with the rendering part of the compositor in native code. The input handling remained in Java for several years (pretty much until FirefoxOS, where we rewrote that part in native code, then later, switched Android over).
Most of my work during this period was based around improving performance (both perceived and real) and fluidity of the browser. Benoit Girard had written an excellent tiled rendering framework that I polished and got working with mobile. On top of that, I worked on progressive rendering and low precision rendering, which combined are probably the largest body of original work I've contributed to the Mozilla code-base. Neither of them are really active in the code-base at the moment, which shows how good a job I didn't do maintaining them, I suppose.
Although most of my work was graphics-focused on the platform team, I also got to to do some layout work. I worked on some over-invalidation issues before Matt Woodrow's DLBI work landed (which nullified that, but I think that work existed in at least one release). I also worked a lot on fixed position elements staying fixed to the correct positions during scrolling and zooming, another piece of work I was quite proud of (and probably my second-biggest contribution). There was also the opportunity for some UI work, when it intersected with platform. I implemented Firefox for Android's dynamic toolbar, and made sure it interacted well with fixed position elements (some of this work has unfortunately been undone with the move from the partially Java-based input manager to the native one). During this period, I was also regularly attending and presenting at FOSDEM.
I would consider my time on the mobile platform team a pretty happy and productive time. Unfortunately for me, those of us with graphics specialities on the mobile platform team were taken off that team and put on the graphics team. I think this was the start in a steady decline in my engagement with the company. At the time this move was made, Mozilla was apparently trying to consolidate teams around products, and this was the exact opposite happening. The move was never really explained to me and I know I wasn't the only one that wasn't happy about it. The graphics team was very different to the mobile platform team and I don't feel I fit in as well. It felt more boisterous and less democratic than the mobile platform team, and as someone that generally shies away from arguments and just wants to get work done, it was hard not to feel sidelined slightly. I was also quite disappointed that people didn't seem particular familiar with the graphics work I had already been doing and that I was tasked, at least initially, with working on some very different (and very boring) desktop Linux work, rather than my speciality of mobile.
I think my time on the graphics team was pretty unproductive, with the exception of the work I did on b2g, improving tiled rendering and getting graphics memory-mapped tiles working. This was particularly hard as the interface was basically undocumented, and its implementation details could vary wildly depending on the graphics driver. Though I made a huge contribution to this work, you won't see me credited in the tree unfortunately. I'm still a little bit sore about that. It wasn't long after this that I requested to move to the FirefoxOS systems front-end team. I'd been doing some work there already and I'd long wanted to go back to doing UI. It felt like I either needed a dramatic change or I needed to leave. I'm glad I didn't leave at this point.
Working on FirefoxOS was a blast. We had lots of new, very talented people, a clear and worthwhile mission, and a new code-base to work with. I worked mainly on the home-screen, first with performance improvements, then with added features (app-grouping being the major one), then with a hugely controversial and probably mismanaged (on my part, not my manager – who was excellent) rewrite. The rewrite was good and fixed many of the performance problems of what it was replacing, but unfortunately also removed features, at least initially. Turns out people really liked the app-grouping feature.
I really enjoyed my time working on FirefoxOS, and getting a nice clean break from platform work, but it was always bitter-sweet. Everyone working on the project was very enthusiastic to see it through and do a good job, but it never felt like upper management's focus was in the correct place. We spent far too much time kowtowing to the desires of phone carriers and trying to copy Android and not nearly enough time on basic features and polish. Up until around v2.0 and maybe even 2.2, the experience of using FirefoxOS was very rough. Unfortunately, as soon as it started to show some promise and as soon as we had freedom from carriers to actually do what we set out to do in the first place, the project was cancelled, in favour of the whole Connected Devices IoT debacle.
If there was anything that killed morale for me more than my unfortunate time on the graphics team, and more than having FirefoxOS prematurely cancelled, it would have to be the Connected Devices experience. I appreciate it as an opportunity to work on random semi-interesting things for a year or so, and to get some entrepreneurship training, but the mismanagement of that whole situation was pretty epic. To take a group of hundreds of UI-focused engineers and tell them that, with very little help, they should organise themselves into small teams and create IoT products still strikes me as an idea so crazy that it definitely won't work. Certainly not the way we did it anyway. The idea, I think, was that we'd be running several internal start-ups and we'd hopefully get some marketable products out of it. What business a not-for-profit company, based primarily on doing open-source, web-based engineering has making physical, commercial products is questionable, but it failed long before that could be considered.
The process involved coming up with an idea, presenting it and getting approval to run with it. You would then repeat this approval process at various stages during development. It was, however, very hard to get approval for enough resources (both time and people) to finesse an idea long enough to make it obviously a good or bad idea. That aside, I found it very demoralising to not have the opportunity to write code that people could use. I did manage it a few times, in spite of what was happening, but none of this work I would consider myself particularly proud of. Lots of very talented people left during this period, and then at the end of it, everyone else was laid off. Not a good time.
Luckily for me and the team I was on, we were moved under the umbrella of Emerging Technologies before the lay-offs happened, and this also allowed us to refocus away from trying to make an under-featured and pointless shopping-list assistant and back onto the underlying speech-recognition technology. This brings us almost to present day now.
The DeepSpeech speech recognition project is an extremely worthwhile project, with a clear mission, great promise and interesting underlying technology. So why would I leave? Well, I've practically ended up on this team by a series of accidents and random happenstance. It's been very interesting so far, I've learnt a lot and I think I've made a reasonable contribution to the code-base. I also rewrote python_speech_features in C for a pretty large performance boost, which I'm pretty pleased with. But at the end of the day, it doesn't feel like this team will miss me. I too often spend my time finding work to do, and to be honest, I'm just not interested enough in the subject matter to make that work long-term. Most of my time on this project has been spent pushing to open it up and make it more transparent to people outside of the company. I've added model exporting, better default behaviour, a client library, a native client, Python bindings (+ example client) and most recently, Node.js bindings (+ example client). We're starting to get noticed and starting to get external contributions, but I worry that we still aren't transparent enough and still aren't truly treating this as the open-source project it is and should be. I hope the team can push further towards this direction without me. I think it'll be one to watch.
Next week, I start working at a new job doing a new thing. It's odd to say goodbye to Mozilla after 6 years. It's not easy, but many of my peers and colleagues have already made the jump, so it feels like the right time. One of the big reasons I'm moving, and moving to Impossible specifically, is that I want to get back to doing impressive work again. This is the largest regret I have about my time at Mozilla. I used to blog regularly when I worked at OpenedHand and Intel, because I was excited about the work we were doing and I thought it was impressive. This wasn't just youthful exuberance (he says, realising how ridiculous that sounds at 32), I still consider much of the work we did to be impressive, even now. I want to be doing things like that again, and it feels like Impossible is a great opportunity to make that happen. Wish me luck!
When Theresa May took office in July, she declared an assault on inequality and an end to privilege in politics. Today she is flogging lunch with herself at her party conference for £3,150. We can assume the price does not reflect the food.
Lobbying looms over Theresa May's government. She must tackle it now | Tamasin Cave Read more
The prime minister may well be a hilarious conversationalist, but the business leaders and lobbyists who flood these conventions will be paying this money for advantage. Cash for access should not be part of Britain's political culture. If parties need money, they should crowd-source it or raise it from members. They should not sell the public interest.
Hypocrisy has always been the least attractive of political characteristics. David Cameron's crusades against corruption at home and abroad sat ill with his own susceptibility to lobbying – on everything from energy policy to airports to planning. His former strategy director, Steve Hilton, reported back from the recent round of American party conventions on “the revolting stench of corruption that permeated the proceedings”. One lobbyist told him that nowadays such conventions were “the bank”. Cameron's Britain, Hilton implied, was going the same way.
Nothing seems to have changed. Almost Theresa May's first decision was to capitulate to the sugar lobby over her anti-obesity strategy. The links between her aides and the lobbying industry are well-charted. Now she has given in to her party machine in conceding cash for access.
British politics may not be corrupt like Brazilian or Italian politics. Few British politicians grow rich, and ennoblement is a cheaper form of fund-raising than policy access. But the latter matters. Britain's corruption is different. It lies in the networks and contacts, the winks, nods and patronage that infest Westminster and Whitehall. Above all, it lies in secrecy. This was bizarrely described by Cameron in opposition in 2010 as “the next big scandal waiting to happen”. He then let it happen.
The lobbyists' professional association grew from five members in the 1990s to 80 today. At one point its revenues were rising by 20% a year. Businesses do not spend such money on lobbying for nothing. Every special adviser knows the industry offers a lucrative revolving door. Politicians will have friends, and their friends will have friends, some of whom buy lunch with the prime minister.
The only defence democracy has against such corruption is to expose it, and to ban such blatant instances of cash for access as £3,150-a-plate lunches with the prime minister. Meanwhile, might we at least see the list of acceptances?
TRENTON — Getting caught with small amounts of pot would no longer land someone in jail under a bill the Assembly approved Monday, despite the governor's vow to veto it.
People caught with small amounts of marijuana now face up to six months in jail and a $1,000 fine, in addition to a possible driver's license suspension and hundreds of dollars in court fees. But according to the bill, (A1465), people caught with 15 grams or fewer of marijuana would be subject to a $150 fine for a first violation, a $200 fine for a second violation and a $500 fine for a third or subsequent violation, with $50 going toward drug education programs, according to the bill.
Judges could order a drug evaluation for an offender arrested three times, according to the bill.
During a town hall question-and-answer session Friday, Christie said he would veto any legislation decriminalizing marijuana possession. "The federal government still says marijuana is an illegal drug," Christie said. "I don't think we should send any sort of tacit approval to our children that somehow this is not bad anymore."
Christie on Sunday said the bill would be "contrary to the message we are sending" by establishing a strict medical marijuana program, expected to get underway later this summer, that will ensure only severely ill people get access to the drug.
Assemblyman Reed Gusciora (D-Mercer), one of the bill's sponsors, said he would talk to the governor to see if he could change his mind.
"It still sends a message that it's wrong," Gusciora of his bill before the vote Monday. "This will result in a trip to the courthouse and money going not only to the community but to drug education programs where it belongs."
Fourteen states have decriminalized pot possession, Gusciora said.
Assemblywoman Mary Pat Angelini (R-Monmouth), who leads a drug prevention and education nonprofit called Prevention First, said she could not support the bill.
"I cannot in good conscience and support this legislation that would send a mixed message to youth," she said.
"When Gov. Corzine and the legislature approves the medical marijuana law in 2010, I said it was the first step toward legalizing marijuana, I did not realize how quickly that step would occur," Angelini said.
A Senate version of the bill, (S1977) which allows possession up to 50 grams of pot, has not yet been taken up in committee.
Sometimes really unique products come across our door step and we just love to tell our readers about things that might normally fall outside the PC hardware field. The COUCHMASTER, essentially a piece of furniture made for gaming, is one of those items.
The COUCHMASTER, produced by a German company called Nerdytec, is a device built to help gamers use a mouse and keyboard while sitting on a couch and gaming in large screen environments. It has a pair of foam-stuffed side block that hold up a wood-constructed center panel that puts your mouse and keyboard at a comfortable angle.
Cable routing is made simple with Velcro removable panels under the keyboard and mouse and some versions of COUCHMASTER include a 4-port USB hub for connecting input devices, audio headsets, etc. The only that didn't work in our testing were external hard drives - just not enough power coming from the USB 3.0 connection through to include extension cable.
I played the entirety of Bioshock Infinite with the COUCHMASTER, and other than getting some odd looks from my wife, couldn't think of a more impressive and comfortable way to play PC games from a distance and without a standard desk setup.
I would love to see some changes like the addition of recessed drink holders on the sides, but otherwise, the only drawback to Nerdytec's COUCHMASTER is the price; it starts at $170 or so USD.
Check out the full video review posted below!!
Two groups of suicide bombers targeted a busy market and a refugee camp in Chad on Saturday, killing at least 38 people and wounding 51 in what appeared to be coordinated attacks, officials said.
N'DJAMENA, Chad (AP) — At least five suicide bombers on Saturday targeted a village in Chad that is home to thousands of Nigerians who have fled Islamic extremist violence, killing at least 36 people and wounding about 50 others in what appeared to be coordinated attacks, officials said.
Authorities blamed the extremist Boko Haram group from neighboring Nigeria for staging the attacks in the western village of Baga Sola, according to a communique from government spokesman Hassan Sylla Bakari. It said 41 people had died, including the five suicide bombers who were identified as two women, two children and a man.
Female suicide bombers hit the market in Baga Sola when it was at its busiest Saturday, killing at least 16 people, said the director general of Chad's gendarmerie, Gen. Banyaman Cossingar. A second group of suicide bombers killed at least 22 people at a nearby refugee camp, he said.
Cossingar gave a preliminary toll before the government released an official count. Cossingar's figures apparently included two of the suicide bombers.
There were conflicting reports on the number of wounded. The government's official count was 48, while UNICEF said at least 53 people were wounded, including 14 children.
Police spokesman Paul Manka said the attackers staged five bombings, adding that two were near the refugee camp but not in it.
“There were three explosions at the Baga Sola market and two explosions near the Dar-es-Salam refugee camp. From our information, the explosion was not in the refugee camp, but in a part of the village nearby,” Manka said.
It was not immediately possible to independently verify the differing claims due to the extremely remote location of the attacks.
For months, Baga Sola has been home to thousands of people who already had fled deadly Boko Haram attacks in Nigeria. The U.N. says the Dar-es-Salam camp now has just over 3,000 refugees, and can house up to 15,000.
The village is in the Lake Chad region near the border with Nigeria, where Boko Haram first launched its insurgency six years ago. Amnesty International says the uprising has killed 20,000 people.
While Boko Haram has attacked Chad's capital before, the bombings on Saturday appear to be the largest and most elaborate staged yet in the country's lake region.
Chad has become a major military ally of Nigeria in the fight against Boko Haram, which earlier this year threatened to retaliate.
In June and July, Chad's capital, N'Djamena, was rocked by a series of suicide attacks that killed dozens of people — the first such attacks since Boko Haram threatened Chad.
Boko Haram, which has pledged its allegiance to the Islamic State group, has also stepped up attacks in Nigeria and neighboring countries since Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari took office in May pledging to halt the uprising.
Boko Haram has used dozens of girls and women in recent suicide bombings in Nigeria, Chad, Cameroon and Niger, raising fears it is using kidnap victims to target countries involved in setting up a regional force to combat the extremists.
__
Ahmed reported from Dakar, Senegal.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions today announced the formation of the Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit, a new Department of Justice pilot program to utilize data to help combat the devastating opioid crisis that is ravaging families and communities across America.
Speaking at the Columbus Police Academy today, Attorney General Sessions said that the new Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit will focus specifically on opioid-related health care fraud using data to identify and prosecute individuals that are contributing to this prescription opioid epidemic.
Additionally, as part of the program, the Department will fund twelve experienced Assistant United States Attorneys for a three year term to focus solely on investigating and prosecuting health care fraud related to prescription opioids, including pill mill schemes and pharmacies that unlawfully divert or dispense prescription opioids for illegitimate purposes.
The following districts have been selected to participate in the program:
Middle District of Florida, Eastern District of Michigan, Northern District of Alabama, Eastern District of Tennessee, District of Nevada, Eastern District of Kentucky, District of Maryland, Western District of Pennsylvania, Southern District of Ohio, Eastern District of California, Middle District of North Carolina, and Southern District of West Virginia.
In his speech, the Attorney General discussed the new program:
“First, I am announcing a new data analytics program – the Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit. I have created this unit to focus specifically on opioid-related health care fraud using data to identify and prosecute individuals that are contributing to this opioid epidemic. This sort of data analytics team can tell us important information about prescription opioids—like which physicians are writing opioid prescriptions at a rate that far exceeds their peers; how many of a doctor's patients died within 60 days of an opioid prescription; the average age of the patients receiving these prescriptions; pharmacies that are dispensing disproportionately large amounts of opioids; and regional hot spots for opioid issues.
“With this data in hand, I am also assigning 12 experienced prosecutors to focus solely on investigating and prosecuting opioid-related health care fraud cases in a dozen locations around the country where we know enforcement will make a difference in turning the tide on this epidemic. These prosecutors, working with FBI, DEA, HHS, as well as our state and local partners, will help us target and prosecute these doctors, pharmacies, and medical providers who are furthering this epidemic to line their pockets. These prosecutors will be based in several states across the country, including Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, and right here in Southern Ohio.
“With these new resources, we will be better positioned to identify, prosecute, and convict some of the individuals contributing to these tens of thousands of deaths a year. The Department is determined to attack this opioid epidemic, and I believe these resources will make a difference.”
Full remarks as prepared for delivery are provided below:
Thank you Benjamin (Glassman) for that introduction, and more importantly, thank you for your 12 years of hard work at the Department to keep this community safe. And, of course, thank you to your Attorney General Mike Dewine. I know they care about these issues deeply. And Senator Portman, who couldn't be with us today, but I know firsthand he has been a passionate and steadfast leader in the Senate about tackling the opioid problem for years.
I wanted to be here with you all today because Ohio is at the center of this drug crisis that is gripping our entire nation. This crisis affects all of us, but it is especially taking its toll on this community.
On average, one person in Columbus dies of a drug overdose every day.
And that pace is only accelerating. According to a survey of Ohio's coroners, more than 4,000 Ohioans died of a drug overdose last year. And in Columbus, the coroner has already seen a 66 percent jump this year from the same time last year.
These aren't just numbers. These are moms and dads. These are sisters, brothers, and grandchildren. These are neighbors and co-workers. These are friends. These are Americans.
Just last week, a two-year-old girl in Dayton was hospitalized for a suspected opioid overdose—two years old.
In 2015, more than 52,000 Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses. And the numbers we have for 2016 show another increase—a big increase. Based on preliminary data, nearly 60,000 Americans lost their lives to drug overdoses last year. That will be the highest drug death toll and the fastest increase in that death toll in American history. This is not a sustainable trend nor an acceptable America.
This crisis is being driven primarily by opioids—prescription drugs, heroin, and synthetic drugs like fentanyl.
According to the New England Journal of Medicine, we're seeing more availability, higher purity, and lower price. They're lacing heroin and cocaine with fentanyl—a drug 30 to 50 times more powerful than heroin. As a result, the drugs on the street are now more powerful, more addictive, and more dangerous than ever. And they're not just dangerous for users: even being accidently exposed to just a few grains of fentanyl can kill a police officer or paramedic.
Sadly, this was almost the case just a couple months ago in East Liverpool, Ohio when Officer Chris Green brushed off a few grains of white powder from his shirt an hour after a traffic stop and fell to the floor. Luckily, he was in his squad room and they got to him immediately. As his police chief said, “if he had been alone, he would have been dead.” Or imagine if he'd gone straight home that day to give his kids a hug? These are terrifying thoughts for our law enforcement.
To confront a crisis on this scale, we must take a comprehensive approach to the problem. There are three components: prevention, enforcement, and treatment.
Treatment is important. In some cases, treatment can help break the cycle of addiction and crime and help people get their lives back together.
But treatment alone is not enough. Treatment often comes too late. By the time many people receive treatment, they, their families, and communities have already suffered so much. The struggle to overcome addiction can be a long process – and it can fail. And not only can it fail, it very often fails.
In recent years, some of the government officials in this country have sent mixed messages about the harmfulness of drugs. We must not capitulate intellectually or morally to drug use. We must create a culture that is hostile to drug abuse. We know this can work. It has worked in the past for drugs, but also for cigarettes and seatbelts. A campaign was mounted, it took time, and it was effective. We need to send such a clear message now.
The Department of Justice has been working diligently to improve our prevention efforts. We are doing that through raising awareness, through drug take-back programs, and through DEA's 360 Strategy program – Dayton was recently announced as a 2017 pilot city.
Prevention is what we at the Department do every day—because enforcement is prevention. Enforcing our laws helps keep drugs out of our country, decrease their availability, drive up their price, and reduce their purity and addictiveness.
DEA tells us that 80 percent of heroin addiction starts with prescription drug addiction. We must stop the abuse of prescription drugs.
Earlier this month, the Department announced the largest health care fraud takedown in American history. DOJ coordinated the efforts of more than 1,000 state and federal law enforcement agents to arrest more than 400 defendants. More than 50 of these defendants were doctors and have been charged with opioid-related crimes, which means this was also the largest opioid-related fraud takedown in American history.
And, just a week after we made that announcement, we announced the seizure and take down of AlphaBay— the largest dark net marketplace takedown in history. This site hosted some 220,000 drug sale listings and was responsible for countless synthetic opioid overdoses, including the tragic death of a 13 year old in Utah.
These efforts build on the good work that U.S. Attorney Glassman and the Department have accomplished here. In late January, a doctor from New Albany, Ohio pled guilty to maintaining a clinic as a front for drug trafficking. He forfeited more than $29 million in seized assets from illegal drug trafficking.
A few months later, in April, a doctor from Portsmouth, Ohio, pled guilty to conspiring to distribute a controlled substance through a pain clinic. For six years, the clinic saw more than 20 patients a day, who each paid at least $200 in cash. At one point the defendant even opened her own dispensary at the clinic, so she could fill her own prescriptions for desperate patients.
These cases are beginning to roll in from all over the country.
On behalf of the Department, I want to say thank you to U.S. Attorney Glassman and everyone who worked on these cases. You have made this Department proud—and more importantly, you have made the people of Ohio safer.
And we can and must do more. Which is why today, we are announcing a new effort to target our federal resources against this epidemic. If you are a doctor illegally prescribing opioids for profit or a pharmacist letting these pills walk out the door and onto our streets based on prescriptions you know were obtained under false pretenses, we are coming after you. We will reverse these devastating trends with every tool we have.
First, I am announcing a new data analytics program – the Opioid Fraud and Abuse Detection Unit. I have created this unit to focus specifically on opioid-related health care fraud using data to identify and prosecute individuals that are contributing to this opioid epidemic. This sort of data analytics team can tell us important information about prescription opioids—like which physicians are writing opioid prescriptions at a rate that far exceeds their peers; how many of a doctor's patients died within 60 days of an opioid prescription; the average age of the patients receiving these prescriptions; pharmacies that are dispensing disproportionately large amounts of opioids; and regional hot spots for opioid issues.
With this data in hand, I am also assigning 12 experienced prosecutors to focus solely on investigating and prosecuting opioid-related health care fraud cases in a dozen locations around the country where we know enforcement will make a difference in turning the tide on this epidemic. These prosecutors, working with FBI, DEA, HHS, as well as our state and local partners, will help us target and prosecute these doctors, pharmacies, and medical providers who are furthering this epidemic to line their pockets. These prosecutors will be based in several states across the country, including Kentucky, West Virginia, Tennessee, and right here in Southern Ohio.
With these new resources, we will be better positioned to identify, prosecute, and convict some of the individuals contributing to these tens of thousands of deaths a year. The Department is determined to attack this opioid epidemic, and I believe these resources will make a difference.
And I issue a plea to all physicians, dentists, pharmacists: slow down. First do no harm.
These efforts will make all of us safer—and not just from the threat of drug addiction. They also help us reduce violence in our communities.
Drug trafficking is an inherently violent business. If you want to collect a drug debt, you can't file a lawsuit in court. You collect it by the barrel of a gun.
By putting traffickers behind bars and reducing the supply of dangerous drugs, we will prevent much of the violence that is associated with drug dealing.
We also have to recognize that most of the heroin, cocaine, methamphetamine, and fentanyl in this country got here across our Southern border. Under President Trump's strong leadership, the federal government is finally getting serious about securing our borders. Illegal entries are down 50 percent already and the wall has not even gone up.
We have also seen steep decreases in drug prices on the street. But the price we have paid as a country has only gone up. If you ask the economists, they'll tell you that prescription opioid addiction costs our economy some $78 billion a year and other illicit drugs cost us another $193 billion a year. Remember, many of these drugs are paid for by private insurance, Medicaid, Medicare, and the VA. But what is even more devastating is the price we have paid in broken relationships, broken lives, and death rates the likes of which we have never seen before.
In the face of the worst drug crisis in our history, we need to use every lawful tool we have. But I'm convinced this is a winnable war. We will be calling on America's great physicians and health care workers to take special care with addictive drugs. And in order to win, we are committing more Department of Justice resources to combat this epidemic, as well as continue to work to strengthen our partnerships with you—law enforcement on the front lines.
Let me ask you to do a simple thing: after every arrest for illegal possession of an illegal prescription, make every effort to get the arrestee to tell you where he or she got the drugs. We did that in Mobile and it led us to the two biggest sources in town. We need to hammer these illegal suppliers. You are ultimately the most effective resources that we as a country have in this effort. You have a tough job, but it's a job worth doing.
But you can also know this: you have our thanks and this Department of Justice will always have your back. Thank you.
July 11, 2014
Gaza: The Media Coverage
This Latuff cartoon is spot on:
There have, as of now, 103 people killed in Gaza with more than 700 people injured. Most of them are women, children and elderly. 200 houses were completely destroyed and more than 1,500 houses partially damaged.
On the Israeli side no one was killed and one person was injured after a gas station, allegedly, was hit and exploded.
About 800 Israeli bombs have hit Gaza while some 400 unguided missiles were launched from Gaza onto Israel proper. A Israeli Defense Force spokesperson boosted that the IDF hits the densely populated Gaza every 4 1/2 minutes and would continue to do so.
But, despite reporting in Jewish media that Netanyahoo obviously planned and started this war, main stream media continue to depict the Jewish side as the sole victim of this very one sided conflict.
Posted by b on July 11, 2014 at 08:11 AM | Permalink
Comments
next page »
NASA's NEEMO 15 expedition will simulate aspects of a mission to an asteroid. In this illustration, a configured rock wall can be seen near the underwater Aquarius laboratory.
Before humans explore an asteroid in space, a group of NASA astronauts and scientists will test concepts and techniques for the future expeditions on a mock space rock on the ocean floor.
This week, engineers are laying the foundations for the 15th expedition of NASA's Extreme Environment Mission Operations, or NEEMO 15 for short, which is scheduled to begin on Oct. 17. To prepare for that fall undersea mission, diving crews are setting up the tools and rocky environment needed to simulate an asteroid landscape. [Photos: Asteroids in Deep Space]
NEEMO expeditions take place at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Aquarius Underwater Laboratory, which rests more than 62 feet (19 meters) below the ocean's surface, off the coast of Key Largo in the Florida Keys.
This year's NEEMO 15 expedition will simulate a trip to an asteroid, and the so-called "aquanauts" will investigate how best to anchor to the surface of a space rock and how to move around, said NASA spokesperson Brandi Dean.
To prepare for the 10-day October mission, various engineering tests will be conducted from May 9 to May 13 at the Aquarius laboratory. The NEEMO support team will perform surface dives to lay out the test site, including configuring a rock wall, NASA officials said. [Video: Rock & Roll Asteroids]
"The rock wall is going to be used to simulate the surface of an asteroid," Dean told SPACE.com. "For the engineering tests, it will be 16 by 12 feet. It's made of fiberglass panels. They'll try out different anchoring methods on it – drilling into it or using metal plates to simulate magnetic anchoring."
The team will also check the communications system and perform preliminary tests for NEEMO 15. While the scientists and engineers will be hard at work on the ocean floor, they will not stay inside Aquarius.
Unlike landing on the moon or Mars, an asteroid will have little, if any, gravity to exert on astronauts or their vehicles. NEEMO 15 will evaluate different anchoring methods, and different ways to connect multiple anchors to form pathways.
"Even experts don't know what the surface of an asteroid is going to be like," NEEMO Project Manager Bill Todd said in a statement. "There may be asteroids that we don't even know about yet that we'll be visiting. So we're figuring out the best way to do that." [5 Reasons to Care About Asteroids]
NEEMO 15's prime mission objectives will be to test operational concepts needed to explore near-Earth asteroids. As the aquanauts operate and test these concepts, they will provide information and valuable feedback to NASA engineers.
"Unlike Mars or the moon, asteroids have very little gravity," Dean said. "Performing spacewalks on asteroids will be similar to performing spacewalks at the space station. Performing the tasks underwater is one of the best ways to simulate what it would be like to perform them in space – that's why astronauts practice for spacewalks underwater at the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory."
Manned deepwater submersibles that function as Space Exploration Vehicles (SEVs) will also be used, and the aquanauts will perform Extra-Vehicular Activities (EVAs) to assess the efficiency of different operations.
NASA uses the Aquarius laboratory and the ocean floor to simulate aspects of a low-gravity environment and to help researchers understand factors relevant for real space missions.
You can follow SPACE.com Staff Writer Denise Chow on Twitter @denisechow. Follow SPACE.com for the latest in space science and exploration news on Twitter @Spacedotcom and on Facebook.
U.S. airstrikes killed five senior al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) terrorists in the latest phase of its air campaign against the terrorist group, CENTCOM announced Friday.
The strikes occurred on Nov. 20 and military analysts worked to confirm the deaths. The terrorists included “Mujahid al-Adani, an AQAP Shabwah leader, was killed in the strikes, along with al-Bayda-based facilitator Abu Layth al-Sanaani and three AQAP associates,” CENTCOM noted.
CENTCOM continued, “Al-Adani, also known as Mohammad Shukri, previously served as an AQAP military leader in Aden and remained responsible for planning and conducting terrorist attacks against Yemeni and coalition forces. Al-Adani maintained a significant influence within AQAP as well as close ties to other AQAP senior leaders.”
Al-Qaida in the Arabian peninsula remains the most active affiliate within the al-Qaida network. The group operates in the midst of the chaos of the Yemeni civil war and controls some territory. The group is known for heavily concentrating on external operations against the U.S. and its Western allies, and is estimated to have nearly 3,000 fighters in Yemen.
President Donald Trump has dramatically increased the U.S. effort against AQAP since taking office. Trump's first week in office was marked by a botched late January U.S. Navy SEAL raid and he has declared the country an “area of active hostilities” to allow the military to pursue targets without White House approval.
Follow Saagar Enjeti on Twitter
Send tips to saagar@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Image caption The checkerboard design was painted on the Hurricane aircraft of Polish pilots during World War Two
Poland football fans plan to unveil a flag at the World Cup qualifying match against England commemorating Polish pilots' role in the Battle of Britain.
The Polish checkerboard design of the 20m x 20m (65ft x 65ft) flag is the symbol of the Polish Air Force.
The RAF's 303 Squadron, formed with Polish aircrew, was Fighter Command's most successful unit in the Battle of Britain.
Eighteen thousand Poland fans will be at Wembley for Tuesday's match.
The flag will be passed over the heads of the supporters during the game.
Jake Smolarek, from the charity organisation Hurricane of Hearts who organised the flag, said the match represented a perfect time to "honour" the Polish pilots and "to show that we have got on well with British people for many many years".
He said the Football Association had been very helpful while the group was organising the flag.
'Magnificent' Poles
The checkerboard design was the pre-war symbol of the Polish Air Force and was painted beneath the cockpits of Royal Air Force Hurricane and Spitfire aircraft flown by Polish pilots during World War Two.
Poles had been accepted into RAF squadrons after the shortage of trained pilots became critical.
Two Polish units - 302 Squadrons and 303 Squadrons - were formed and they went on to shoot down 203 enemy aircraft. Twenty-nine Polish pilots were killed.
According to the RAF museum's website, Air Chief Marshal Sir Hugh Dowding, who led Fighter Command, wrote: "Had it not been for the magnificent material contributed by the Polish squadrons and their unsurpassed gallantry, I hesitate to say that the outcome of the Battle would have been the same."
Mr Smolarek said there had been a good response to the flag in Poland, where people are proud of their pilots who had flown with the British during World War Two with such distinction.
The flag is also meant to symbolise other joint campaigns between Britain and Poland during the war.
Mr Smolarek, who has lived in London for nine years, said the flag was also a thank you from Poles that they can be in England and shows what they have contributed to Britain in the past and still continue to do.
The 2011 census showed there were 579,000 Polish-born residents living in England and Wales.
England must beat Poland to guarantee progress to the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Former DOE officials, industry leaders urge Congress to protect agency's research budget
Originally published by E&E News
Former Republican officials, oil executives and business leaders are warning Congress and Energy Secretary Rick Perry that proposed budget cuts would have a devastating impact on national security and the economy.
In a letter today, 14 energy and economic heavy hitters — including U.S. Chamber of Commerce CEO Thomas Donahue — urged appropriators to fund the Department of Energy's (DOE's) Advanced Research Projects Agency-Energy (ARPA-E) and research and development programs to ensure that the United States maintains its competitive edge.
Signatories pointed to early federal research that helped develop hydraulic fracturing technologies as one example of why the private sector alone can't fund critical innovation in energy.
"Accelerating innovation and increasing American competitiveness are two goals that have always enjoyed broad-based support," said the document.
"This consensus has been sustained by an understanding that innovation has been a driving force behind American prosperity for decades," it said.
The Bipartisan Policy Center and American Energy Innovation Council organized the letter, which went out to both Republican and Democratic leaders of Appropriations committees in both chambers.
Signers included Southern Co. CEO Tom Fanning, Exelon Corp. CEO Christopher Crane, Shell Oil Co. U.S. President Bruce Culpepper, Nuclear Energy Institute CEO Maria Korsnick, Former Undersecretary of the Army Norman Augustine, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner John Doerr, Pioneer Natural Resources Co. CEO Timothy Dove and PG&E Corp. Executive Chairman Anthony Earley Jr.
Others were American Air Liquide Holdings Inc. CEO Michael Graff, Consumer Energy Alliance President David Holt, retired DuPont Chairman Chad Holliday, American Gas Association President Dave McCurdy and Clean Line Energy Partners LLC President Michael Skelly.
The missive is unusual for including leaders representing both fossil fuel and low-carbon industries. It also comes on the same day that all seven of the former assistant secretaries who led the Department of Energy's Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy from 1989 to 2017 sent separate letters to appropriators and Perry warning that proposed DOE budget cuts could slash jobs and stall advances in areas like grid reliability.
The Trump administration's fiscal 2018 budget proposal would slash funding at the Office of Science by more than 15 percent, to $4.5 billion. Fossil research and development, including research on carbon capture technology, would see a cut from more than $600 million to $280 million.
Funding for the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (EERE), which supports research in wind, solar, geothermal and other clean energy technologies, would plunge by about 69 percent, from more than $2 billion to $636 million. ARPA-E's and DOE's loan programs are targeted for elimination.
The Trump administration said funding reductions are necessary to focus DOE's efforts on its core missions and basic research.
"This budget delivers on the promise to reprioritize spending in order to carry out DOE's core functions efficiently and effectively while also being fiscally responsible and respectful to the American taxpayer," Perry said after the budget proposal's release.
DOE did not respond to a request for comment about the letters.
Many conservatives say the private sector should lead some of the research that DOE is doing. Programs have picked winners and losers rather than letting the market drive things, they say.
But the business executives and former administration officials say the type of research being targeted for cuts is too high-risk for private industry, even though it could be transformational.
The former assistant secretaries said that while they have not always agreed in the past on the DOE budget, the proposed cuts to EERE and other offices are so steep that they would harm America's "energy future."
"This is a particularly inauspicious time to cut the EERE budget," they wrote. Three EERE chiefs in both Bush administrations signed, along with four EERE heads from the Obama and Clinton administrations.
China, in particular, is reorganizing its energy R&D efforts on many technologies that were first developed in the United States at taxpayer expense, they said.
Cuts to DOE's Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability could harm efforts to bolster the grid at a time when it is vulnerable to threats and in a state of flux, said the letter.
"R&D to develop the capabilities needed in a modernized grid is critical, yet the electric utility sector invests just .2 percent of sales in R&D," it said.
In addition to supporting renewable and vehicle research, EERE sets mandatory efficiency levels for appliances. Despite "occasional controversy," the program has bipartisan support, and existing standards could save consumers nearly $2 trillion on utility bills by 2030, the letter said.
Reprinted from Greenwire with permission from E&E News. Copyright 2017. E&E provides essential news for energy and environment professionals at www.eenews.net
Thomas Jefferson, together with several of his fellow founding fathers, was influenced by the principles of deism, a construct that envisioned a supreme being as a sort of watchmaker who had created the world but no longer intervened directly in daily life. A product of the Age of Enlightenment, Jefferson was keenly interested in science and the perplexing theological questions it raised. Although the author of the Declaration of Independence was one of the great champions of religious freedom, his belief system was sufficiently out of the mainstream that opponents in the 1800 presidential election labeled him a “howling Atheist.”
In fact, Jefferson was devoted to the teachings of Jesus Christ. But he didn't always agree with how they were interpreted by biblical sources, including the writers of the four Gospels, whom he considered to be untrustworthy correspondents. So Jefferson created his own gospel by taking a sharp instrument, perhaps a penknife, to existing copies of the New Testament and pasting up his own account of Christ's philosophy, distinguishing it from what he called “the corruption of schismatizing followers.”
The second of the two biblical texts he produced is on display through May 28 at the Albert H. Small Documents Gallery of the Smithsonian National Museum of American History (NMAH) after a year of extensive repair and conservation. “Other aspects of his life and work have taken precedence,” says Harry Rubenstein, chair and curator of the NMAH political history division. “But once you know the story behind the book, it's very Jeffersonian.”
Jefferson produced the 84-page volume in 1820—six years before he died at age 83—bound it in red leather and titled it The Life and Morals of Jesus of Nazareth. He had pored over six copies of the New Testament, in Greek, Latin, French and King James English. “He had a classic education at [the College of] William & Mary,” Rubenstein says, “so he could compare the different translations. He cut out passages with some sort of very sharp blade and, using blank paper, glued down lines from each of the Gospels in four columns, Greek and Latin on one side of the pages, and French and English on the other.”
Much of the material Jefferson elected to not include related miraculous events, such as the feeding of the multitudes with only two fish and five loaves of barley bread; he eschewed anything that he perceived as “contrary to reason.” His idiosyncratic gospel concludes with Christ's entombment but omits his resurrection. He kept Jesus' own teachings, such as the Beatitude, “Blessed are the peace-makers: for they shall be called the children of God.” The Jefferson Bible, as it's known, is “scripture by subtraction,” writes Stephen Prothero, a professor of religion at Boston University.
The first time Jefferson undertook to create his own version of Scripture had been in 1804. His intention, he wrote, was “the result of a life of enquiry and reflection, and very different from that anti-Christian system, imputed to me by those who know nothing of my opinions.” Correspondence indicates that he assembled 46 pages of New Testament passages in The Philosophy of Jesus of Nazareth. That volume has been lost. It focused on Christ's moral teachings, organized by topic. The 1820 volume contains not only the teachings, but also events from the life of Jesus.
The Smithsonian acquired the surviving custom bible in 1895, when the Institution's chief librarian, Cyrus Adler, purchased it from Jefferson's great-granddaughter, Carolina Ran­dolph. Originally, Jefferson had bequeathed the book to his daughter Martha.
The acquisition revealed the existence of the Jefferson Bible to the public. In 1904, by act of Congress, his version of Scripture, regarded by many as a newly discovered national treasure, was printed. Until the 1950s, when the supply of 9,000 copies ran out, each newly elected senator received a facsimile Jefferson Bible on the day that legislator took the oath of office. (Disclosure: Smithsonian Books has recently published a new facsimile edition.)
The original book now on view has undergone a painstaking restoration led by Janice Stagnitto Ellis, senior paper conservator at the NMAH. “We re-sewed the binding,” she says, “in such a way that both the original cover and the original pages will be preserved indefinitely. In our work, we were Jefferson-level meticulous.”
“The conservation process,” says Harry Rubenstein, “has allowed us to exhibit the book just as it was when Jefferson last handled it. And since digital pictures were taken of each page, visitors to the exhibition—and visitors to the web version all over the world—will be able to page through and read Jefferson's Bible just as he did.”
Owen Edwards is a freelance writer and author of the book Elegant Solutions.
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) criticized congressional Republicans on MSNBC's “The Ed Show” Friday, calling them hypocritical for refusing to extend emergency unemployment benefits, even though they did so five times during the Bush administration.
“I think there's just an enormous amount of politics here,” Sanders told host Ed Schultz. “When Bush was president, Republicans voted for five extensions of emergency unemployment without any offsets. That was when Bush was president. Obama is president, it becomes a different story.”
Sanders also accused the GOP of legislating without empathy for the 1.3 million American workers who lost their long-term unemployment insurance in December.
“What these guys want to do is pretend, I believe, that they're concerned about these 1.3 million workers,” Sanders said. “What it means in terms of rent, or a cell phone, or your ability to get a job. That is something our Republican colleagues are not thinking about at all.”
"So what they are talking about now are quote unquote offsets," he continued. "Not under Bush, but now they want it under Obama, and what these offsets will be is taking money from Peter to help pay Paul. What they want to do is cut the Affordable Care Act. They want to cut health insurance. These guys have been vicious about cutting food stamps. They want to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. They want to cut any and all programs which benefit the working families of our country. That's what they want to do now. That's what they've always wanted to do."
Gene Sperling, director of the National Economic Council, echoed these sentiments at last Tuesday's White House press conference, saying there was no precedent for House Republicans' demand that an extension in unemployment insurance be paid for by spending cuts.
“Fourteen of the last 17 times in 20 years that it's been extended, there's been no strings attached,” Sperling told reporters. “All five times -- all five times that the previous President Bush extended emergency unemployment benefits, there was no pay-for strings attached and the unemployment rate was lower each of those five times than it is today.”
A staunch advocate for expanding government programs like Social Security and Medicare, Sanders proposed raising revenue by closing tax loopholes for American corporations instead of stifling existing social programs.
“When one out of four corporations in this country, including some very very wealthy ones, and profitable ones, don't pay a nickel in federal income taxes, you think we can raise some revenue there?” Sanders asked Schultz. “Do you think we can raise revenue when we're losing a hundred billion every year because corporate America is stashing their money in the Cayman Islands?”
Photo
The call went out on Twitter: “For insane profits come and join the pump.”
It was an invitation to a penny stock-style pump-and-dump scheme — only this one involved Bitcoin, the soaring, slightly scary virtual currency that has beckoned and bewildered people around the world.
While such bid 'em up, sell 'em off scams are shut down in the financial markets all the time, this one and other frauds involving digital money have gone unchecked. The reason, in no small part: Government authorities do not agree on which laws apply to Bitcoin — or even on what Bitcoin is.
The person behind the recent scheme, a trader known on Twitter as Fontas, said in a secure Internet chat that he operated with little fear of a crackdown.
“For now, the lack of regulations allows everything to happen,” Fontas said in the chat, where he verified his control of the Twitter account, which has thousands of followers, but did not give his identity. He added that Bitcoin and its users would benefit when someone steps in to police this financial wild west, and would stop his schemes when they do.
Chinese authorities drew attention to the issue on Thursday when they announced that they were barring Chinese banks from making Bitcoin transactions. The same day, the Bank of France issued its own warning about the potential risks. The news sent the price of Bitcoin tumbling, but it quickly bounced back to near its all-time high of around $1,200.
Related Links Video: David Gillen on Bitcoin Believers
Bitcoins are little more than computer code — created according to a set algorithm and traded between online wallets using virtual keys. Some people insist that virtual currencies could become a revolutionary new form of payment in the real world. Bank of America became the first major Wall Street bank to release research about Bitcoin on Thursday, noting that it could become “a major player in both e-commerce and money transfer.”
So far, though, Bitcoin has been driven up primarily by people who are betting it will rise and rise because there is a finite supply. The initial computer program established that only 21 million Bitcoins would ever be created.
Because there are no limits on who can buy Bitcoins, they have attracted investors of all stripes. The value of all the Bitcoins in existence is now more than $12 billion after a volatile surge increased the value by more than 1,000 percent over the last month.
Photo
But the excitement over this rapid ascent has obscured the fraud, hacking and outright theft that have become an increasingly regular part of the virtual currency world — even for the most sophisticated, legitimate players — and the lack of any visible response from law enforcement agencies.
This has allowed more than 30 episodes in which at least 1,000 Bitcoins — or $1 million at the current rate of exchange — were stolen or transferred illegally, according to a frequently updated list on the most popular online forum for Bitcoin. Of those cases, 10 involved losses of more than 10,000 Bitcoins, or $10 million at the current value. The authorities have only been publicly involved in one of these cases.
This week, the virtual currency world has been abuzz over a heist in which 96,000 Bitcoins — currently worth about $100 million — were said to be taken from an online marketplace known for selling illegal drugs.
Because of the murky nature of the virtual currency, thefts can be hard to verify. But the increasing stream of episodes underscores how quickly con artists can take advantage of new forms of investing and how slow the authorities can be in responding to emerging financial risks.
The association of state securities regulators put digital money on its list of the top 10 threats to investors for the first time this year. At a hearing last month, three federal agencies said they were carefully tracking virtual currencies for illicit activity.
But Judith M. Shaw, the top securities regulator in Maine, said that it was often hard to determine which authority should be cracking down on virtual currency fraud, or even what constitutes fraud in a market that some view as a giant bubble and others as the future of money.
“The jurisdiction has not been clearly established because it's new uncharted territory,” Ms. Shaw said. “Everyone is just trying to figure out how this is all going to play out.”
Video
The five Chinese agencies that released a notice on Thursday, including the People's Bank of China, said that citizens of the country would still be allowed to buy and sell digital money, but it warned that participants “assume the risks themselves.”
Authorities in the United States have cracked down on the criminal use of virtual currencies in a few cases, but those have been isolated situations in which the coins have been used for illegal purposes in the real world, like money laundering and trade in illicit goods. The owner of the Silk Road, a website where drugs and weapons could be bought with Bitcoins, was arrested earlier this year.
But for crimes contained within the Bitcoin network — like thefts from apparently reputable online wallets where Bitcoins are stored — there has been almost no accountability.
The largest Bitcoin payment processor in Europe, BIPS, said last month that it was hacked and that it lost about $1 million worth of Bitcoins, including coins that were in the personal online wallets of customers. The company, which is still in business, said this week that it would be “unable to reimburse Bitcoins lost unless the stolen coins are retrieved.”
The company said that the Danish police were examining the case but added that the authorities could “not classify this as a theft due to the current nonregulation of Bitcoin.”
“There is absolutely no consumer protection in any sector of the Bitcoin economy,” said Sarah Meiklejohn, a graduate student at the University of California, San Diego, who researches the industry.
After writing a paper on Bitcoin transactions this year, Ms. Meiklejohn said she began receiving emails almost daily from victims of theft who asked her to help track down the perpetrators. Ms. Meiklejohn said that despite the long odds of success, she had generally offered to help, knowing that the victims had nowhere else to turn.
“I figure I can at least respond to them and provide some sense they are being heard,” Ms. Meiklejohn said.
Part of the problem is that regulators have not agreed on how to classify Bitcoin. The Securities and Exchange Commission has authority to regulate securities, like stocks, in the United States. This allowed the agency to punish a Bitcoin Ponzi scheme this year because the agreement between the swindler and the victims was considered a security. But so far, the agency has not determined whether Bitcoin itself can be categorized as a security, making it hard for it to crack down on trading fraud.
Chinese authorities said on Thursday that Bitcoin was a “virtual commodity that does not share the same legal status of a currency.” In the United States, that classification could put Bitcoin under the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. But that agency has not assumed responsibility. In the immediate future, the most likely source of enforcement may be the Federal Bureau of Investigation's cybersecurity team.
“It's becoming something of enough value that these agencies are going to wake up and want to find one of these thieves,” said Patrick Murck, the general counsel at the Bitcoin Foundation, a nonprofit group that promotes virtual currencies. “There is no way that anyone can think this is not a real thing that is not worth going after.”
Two minutes into the Cal rugby game against Stanford, a lone cleat lay in the middle of the field, abandoned by its owner who couldn't care less about his lack of footwear.
While the 2015 “Big Scrum” game may go down in history as a Cal win, those who attended might remember it more fondly as the “game of lost shoes.” With two more cleats lost throughout the game, the flying footwear was representative of a night where both Stanford and Cal kicked up their heels in an exciting match, which was more eventful than the 78-3 scoreboard indicates.
With the Bears leading 19-3 with 4:20 left in the first half, Cal sophomore flyhalf Jamie Howells prepared for a conversion. He paused, looked up and kicked the ball, which glided between the posts before landing softly on the other side of the goal. As a fan called out, “Beautiful, Jamie!” from the sidelines, Howells jogged back into place, all-business, ready to resume play, joining the rest of the mostly freshmen and sophomore players on his team.
“I thought the first half was pretty sloppy,” Howells said. “We had a tough time getting the ball up quick, but definitely a credit to Stanford. They kept the ball in hand and kept possession for a long time in that first half. I thought we kind of stuck to it though, and toward the end we started to look better. We kept our shape better at the end.”
After a quick pause to huddle at the half, both teams retook the field, ready for the second round of play. While the break gave the struggling Stanford team a chance to catch its breath, the 10 minutes wouldn't prove enough of a breather for the Cardinal players. For most of them, this match was their 420th minute of play in the last 12 days.
“Obviously we were overmatched I think with experience, but I was pretty happy with it,” said Stanford's head coach Matt Sherman. “The last 20 minutes got away from us. I think we fatigued with the pace and physicality, but I thought that the first 60 minutes we did very well. … We had three freshmen out there in their fourth month of rugby, and I thought they played admirably.”
Stanford's only tally on the scoreboard came from a penalty kick in the first half, which provided the Cardinal a mere three points, not nearly enough to compensate for the Bears' offensive spurts throughout the rest of the game.
Despite a number of fumbled plays, Cal had moments of near-perfect execution. One such moment came late in the second half when Cal's outside center, sophomore Billy Maggs, gained possession of the ball and took off running. Sprinting three-quarters of the field, he breezed past Stanford's last three defensive players who stumbled, unable to keep their feet moving fast enough.
While the run was one instance of Cal's stellar play, the youngest Bears players have a lot to work on. But the chance to play in a high-stakes game, the Scrum Axe no less, was one step towards creating depth in Cal's roster for years to come.
“I think the performances were a bit of a mixed bag,” said head coach Jack Clark. “I think some of the guys did pretty well for themselves, and you know, other guys probably tried to do too much and kind of got over their skis a little bit. We had some errors, we kind of broke our system from time to time. I think there's a saying, ‘You've got to crack some eggs to make an omelette.' … You need some time under your belt, like most things in life, and rugby's one of those.”
Jessi McDonald covers rugby. Contact her at [email protected].
[Haskell-cafe] How easy is it to hire Haskell programmers
It depends on the type of position. If it is a "one-shot"/contract job then you are looking for the concrete skillset/expertise, i.e. "Haskell". For relatively longterm or permanent positions I think it is better to give a priority to smart and "getting things done" type of persons rather than specific skills. But they should have some relevant experience. For instance, if you're looking for the functional programmers, you should consider ML/SML/OCaml, Scheme, Erlang, ... (Well, in case of these two, better to check that person has some grasp of static typing :)) programmers as well. And learning (fun) should be an important aspect of the position. Regards, Zura Paul Johnson-2 wrote: > > I'm starting to see job adverts mentioning Haskell as a "nice to have", > and even in some cases as a technology to work with. > > However right now I'm looking at it from the other side. Suppose > someone wants to hire a Haskell developer or three. How easy is this? > I'd appreciate replies from people who have actually done this. > > * How many applications did you get? > > * How many of those applicants knew what a monad is, or how to write > FizzBuzz in Haskell? > > Thanks, > > Paul. > _______________________________________________ > Haskell-Cafe mailing list > Haskell-Cafe at haskell.org > http://www.haskell.org/mailman/listinfo/haskell-cafe > > -- View this message in context: http://old.nabble.com/How-easy-is-it-to-hire-Haskell-programmers-tp29038634p29048310.html Sent from the Haskell - Haskell-Cafe mailing list archive at Nabble.com.
In a world where assumptions based on ethnicity can often hamper job opportunities for minorities, Terence King feels like he got a raw deal.
He was born with a Chinese name, Wang Lai Ming, and has what he calls a South Asian appearance. But, he says, many employers in his native Singapore all but told him they wouldn't hire him for certain jobs because he didn't look Chinese and those in New Zealand, where he has been living and working since 2000, often overlooked him because of his Chinese name, he believes.
“One time in Singapore, I went for a job interview and aced it,” says King, the son of a Chinese father and a Singhalese mother. “They were looking for a Mandarin speaker to handle the China market, but I did not get the job. I was told I didn't look Chinese.”
Things didn't get any better when he immigrated to New Zealand. “I would send out about five job applications a week and not even get one interview call,” says King, who holds a master's degree in business management from a university in the UK.
Unable to deal with frequent rejections, he decided to ditch his birth name and adopt an English name. “Now things are different for me,” says King, a business lecturer in Auckland. “I'm confident there will always be a job for me somewhere with my English name and qualifications to match.”
There is significant name and accent discrimination exhibited by employers in New Zealand
New Zealand-based Paul Spoonley, a researcher at Massey University, says there is significant name and accent discrimination exhibited by employers in New Zealand that can be tied to assumptions around ethnicity.
“We have surveyed employers, many of whom feel that immigrants, especially from Asia, do not understand New Zealand and local cultural practices,” he says. “They are particularly concerned with English language proficiency.”
King's is hardly an isolated incident.
Even famous people say changing their names to something less ethnic has helped them along. Indian-American actress and comedian Mindy Kaling (born Vera Chokalingam), actor Kal Penn (real name Kalpen Modi), politician Bobby Jindal (Piyush Jindal at birth) and Canadian-Indian Bollywood actress Sunny Leone (formerly Karenjit Kaur Vohra) all changed their birth names in part to better their career prospects.
Conrad Braithwaite, founder of UK Deed Poll, a company that helps people legally change their name, says each year thousands of UK residents Anglicise or adopt new names. A significant number of these are by ethnic minorities trying to escape discrimination in the job market, he says.
“The name change process is very simple so it is easy to see why someone may decide it is worth going through it if they think it will improve their career prospects,” he says, adding that many people are making the change “as a way to ensure a level playing field in the job market”.
We find clear prejudice against non-majority sounding names, who elicited 40% less call-backs with the same resumes
Around the world research and anecdotal evidence shows job applicants from racial minorities have responded in similar way to recruitment discrimination due to their ethnic identities. Prestigious degrees and years of relevant experience are of little help for those with foreign-sounding names, whose CVs and resumes are barely read before being consigned to the bin by potential employers, studies from universities in several nations have found.
In a University of Toronto study, titled Why do some employers prefer to interview Matthew, but not Samir?, researchers sent out CVs to employers in Toronto, Montreal and Vancouver. They found applicants with Chinese, Indian or Pakistani names were 40% less likely to get an interview call than those with European names. This, despite the nation being known for celebrating diversity and multiculturalism and being known globally for a more favourable immigration policy than most of its peers in the developed world.
Similar studies in the US, UK, Australia and France uncovered racial bias among CV screeners toward ethnic minorities.
A randomised field experiment conducted in Chicago and Paris that compared call-back rates of foreign-sounding names and Anglo-Saxon names encountered similar labour-market bias. “In both locations, we find clear prejudice against non-majority sounding names, who elicited 40% less call-backs with the same resumes,” says the study's co-author Nicolas Jacquemet of Paris School of Economics.
Most people prefer those with similar education or ethnic backgrounds and experiences
He chalks it up to a phenomenon called homophily, the human tendency to stick to people of our own kind. “The results support the idea that discrimination arises [because] birds of a feather flock together,” he says. “It's not so much that employers treat applicants from ethnic minorities differently due to their origin, but rather because they don't belong to the same group as themselves.”
CV whitening
Changing names is drastic, but jobseekers often do other things to “whiten” their CV and improve their chances of landing an interview. In a 2016 study conducted jointly by the University of Toronto and Administrative Science Quarterly, a Cornell University journal, 40% of minority job applicants admitted to “whitening” their CVs to counter racial bias in the hiring process.
They typically do this by adopting Anglicized names, tweaking any information on their CV that gives away their ethnic identity, excluding race-based organisations and awards. People also might skip references to voluntary experience with certain community groups, or try to make them sound more generic.
Sonia Kang, lead author of the study, titled Whitened Résumés, Race and Self-Presentation in the Labor Market, was quoted in a University of Toronto report as saying: “It's really a wake-up call for organisations to do something to address this problem.”
Studied bias or subliminal block
Research done by Dr Mahzarin Banaji, professor of social ethics at Harvard University, corroborates that we are wired to be biased in favour of those who are like us. Banaji, who co-authored Blindspot: Hidden Biases of Good People, argues that despite claims of being open-minded, most people prefer those with similar education or ethnic backgrounds and experiences.
Even a global tech behemoth like Google isn't immune from it. Senior vice president Laszlo Bock conceded the company isn't where it wants to be when it comes to diversity, “We're human beings and, as a result, we like people who're like us,” he admitted publically in a PBS NewsHour interview. “So we bring this unconscious bias to everything we do.”
Google's 2015 diversity report showed 60% of its workforce was still white, while Asians made up 31%, Hispanics 3% and Blacks 2%.
Name-based bias is faced by both immigrants and those who are citizens by birth Blind hiring Is there a way to review CVs without bias? Some governments and institutions are using name-blind, or anonymous, applications as an antidote to unconscious bias. Some companies require hiring managers to provide diversity shortlists for positions. Britain's Lloyds Bank has done this to increase gender diversity in its top ranks. Technology-based solutions such as blind hiring tests created by software firms like GapJumpers are also gaining traction.
Not everyone is keen to make drastic changes to their CV or their name. Ratna Omidvar, the founding executive director and currently a visiting professor at the Global Diversity Exchange, a think tank on diversity, migration and inclusion, at Toronto-based Ryerson University's Ted Rogers School of Management says she nearly changed her name when she first arrived in Canada in 1981, but “couldn't do it because my name is just as much a part of me as the colour of my skin.”
King, on the other hand, has no regrets about giving up his birth name. “It's just about making a living and getting accepted,” he explains.
To comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Capital, head over to our Facebook page or tweet us on Twitter.
(CNN) Senate Republicans have been trying to thread the needle on health care reform for weeks, but their latest efforts collapsed on Monday when it became clear they couldn't rally the votes to pass the bill.
So why can't they find agreement? Each senator has a different reason to oppose the legislation -- from ideology to re-election concerns to the demographics and health nuances of individual states.
With all Democrats opposed to repealing Obamacare and only 52 members in the chamber's slim majority, Kentucky Sen. Mitch McConnell could afford to lose only two GOP defectors in his quest to push a bill through his chamber. But now four GOP members -- a moderate and three conservatives -- publicly say they oppose the revised plan, and McConnell has moved to trying to repeal now and replace later.
Why is this so hard? Republicans have been promising for years to repeal the law.
When it comes down to the details of repealing the law, it turns out Republicans have a variety of opinions of how it should be done. The members McConnell needs to convince sit on the extremes in some categories of the party and country.
To explain why the Senate's new Obamacare repeal plan is in so much trouble, here are nine charts focused on the 10 Republicans who opposed McConnell's original bill and four of those who had real problems with it.
An analysis from the Urban Institute and Robert Wood Johnson Foundation finds nearly one-in-six nonelderly residents of West Virginia and Kentucky would become uninsured under the original Senate plan, dialing up the heat on Sen. Shelley Moore Capito and Sen. Rand Paul to vote for a bill they can stand behind. Paul lashed out against McConnell's original plan, saying "they're not going to fix the death spiral of Obamacare." A revised Senate plan released isn't likely to change those projections. One-in-eight nonelderly residents in North Dakota, Ohio and Nevada would lose insurance, drawing attention from Sen. John Hoeven, Sen. Rob Portman and Sen. Dean Heller.
More than three in 10 residents of Louisiana are enrolled in Medicaid, drawing attention from Sen. Bill Cassidy. The most recent Senate plan was slated to cut Medicaid spending by 35 percent over the next two decades, according to the non-partisan Congressional Budget Office. Cassidy partnered with South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham on Thursday to propose a plan B: keeping some of Obamacare's taxes but giving the money to states to control. Other senators from states over the national average of Medicaid enrollment include Ohio Sen. Rob Portman, Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker and West Virginia Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, who says the plan "cuts traditional Medicaid too deeply."
Voting for the Senate bill is a particularly hard lift for senators in states that expanded Medicaid under Obamacare. One-in-ten residents in West Virginia are insured through the Medicaid expansion program -- one of the highest rates in the nation. Sen. Rand Paul's Kentucky, Sen. Dean Heller's Nevada and Sen. Rob Portman's Ohio also exceed the national average of 5% of Americans. Alaska, represented by Sen. Lisa Murkowski, has also expanded Medicaid. The bill would dramatically cut funding for Medicaid in future years. State governments elsewhere in the country chose not to expand Medicaid under Obamacare.
West Virginia Sen. Shelley Moore Capito represents the state with the highest proportion of drug overdose deaths in the nation -- 42 per 100,000 deaths -- almost three times the national average, according to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention. She said in late June that the repeal and replace plan "does not do enough to combat the opioid epidemic that is devastating my state." With one of the highest rates in the nation, Ohio Sen. Rob Portman also faces opioid concerns in his state with 30 drugs overdose deaths per 100,000. The revised version of the health care bill had added an additional $45 billion for opioid addiction treatment.
The proportion of uninsured Americans has dropped 6 percentage points since 2009, according to data from the US Census Bureau. But the boost nationwide has helped residents represented by Sen. Ted Cruz, Sen. Rand Paul and Sen. Shelley Moore Capito more than most. The uninsured rate in Texas has dropped 9 percentage points since 2009, and the uninsured rate has dropped 8 percentage points -- more than cut in half -- in both Kentucky and West Virginia.
The most real and immediate re-electon threat is to Nevada Sen. Dean Heller. He won his seat by just a single percentage point in 2012, but his state voted for Hillary Clinton by a narrow margin in November. His seat is up for grabs again in just 18 months. Wisconsin Sen. Ron Johnson, on the other hand, was thought to be one of the most vulnerable Senators in the 2016 election, but he prevailed with some help from the top of the ticket. He won't face re-election until 2022, but his seat will likely be in the toss-up category again.
In addition to Nevada Sen. Dean Heller, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Tennessee Sen. Bob Corker are both up for re-election in just a year and a half. Cruz has been successful in lobbying for a change to give insurers more flexibility to offer plans that don't comply with some Obamacare regulations. But Heller announced his opposition in an unusual news conference in late June back in Nevada, saying "it's going to be very difficult" for him to support the plan. Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake, who has also been playing the fence on support for the health care plan, also faces the potential for a primary and general election battle during his re-election in 2018.
Ideology marks one of the major hurdles for both the right and the left wings of the GOP caucus. Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Utah Sen. Mike Lee -- the three most conservative members -- released a joint statement on the original Senate plan, saying "it does not appear this draft as written will accomplish the most important promise that we made to Americans: to repeal Obamacare and lower their health care costs." Elements of a proposal by Cruz were included in the revised version, drawing his support but possibly further alienating more moderate members. Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse marks another conservative on the fence. Meanwhile, in the moderate wing of the party, possible defections include Maine Sen. Susan Collins and Alaska Sen. Lisa Murkowski -- both of whom have already united to oppose the nomination of Betsy DeVos and a bill allowing states to block Planned Parenthood funding. Collins has been more vocal in her opposition to the bill so far, saying she needs a "complete overhaul" in order to back the bill. Ratings in the chart above come from DW-NOMINATE, a scoring system developed by political scientists based on Congressional voting records.
While Maine Sen. Susan Collins has enjoyed a re-election margin nearly double the average member of the US Senate, her state narrowly voted for Hillary Clinton in November. And with some pundits wondering if she has her eye on the governor's mansion in 2018, the views of her constituents are also not far from her mind. While Trump won the Buckeye State by a wider-than-expected 8 points, Ohio Sen. Rob Portman still represents a purple state. He's just kicking off his new term and won't face re-election until 2022, but Medicaid expansion and drug crisis are keeping him on the fence.
Graphics by CNN's Joyce Tseng.
Eighty-five of 100 U.S. senators voted to renew the president's power to indefinitely detain Americans, denying them of their fundamental right to due process.
On December 19, by a vote of 84-15 (Senator Bill Nelson, Democrat of Florida, did not vote), the Senate sent the Fiscal Year 2014 version of the National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) to President Obama's desk. Although an overwhelming majority of Republicans and Democrats signed off on the evisceration of the Bill of Rights, a small coalition of Independents, Republicans, and Democrats refused to accede to such a devastation deprivation of rights. A list of the lawmakers who stood against this tyranny is appropriate:
John Barrasso (R-Wyo.)
Tom Coburn (R-Okla.)
Bob Corker (R-Tenn.)
Mike Crapo (R-Idaho)
Ted Cruz (R-Texas)
Mike Enzi (R-Wyo.)
Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.)
Mike Lee (R-Utah)
Jeff Merkley (D-Ore.)
Rand Paul (R-Ky.)
James Risch (R-Idaho)
Barry Sanders (I-Vt.)
Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.)
Richard Shelby (R-Ala.)
Ron Wyden (D-Ore.)
No sooner had 85 of his colleagues united to permit the president to apprehend and imprison American citizens that he alone suspects of aiding and abetting terrorists or those associated with terrorists, than consistent constitutionalist Ted Cruz (shown above) issued a statement explaining why he wasn't one of that considerable number:
Today I voted against the National Defense Authorization Act. I am deeply concerned that Congress still has not prohibited President Obama's ability to indefinitely detain U.S. citizens arrested on American soil without trial or due process.
The Constitution does not allow President Obama, or any president, to apprehend an American citizen, arrested on U.S. soil, and detain these citizens indefinitely without a trial. When I ran for office, I promised the people of Texas I would oppose any National Defense Authorization Act that did not explicitly prohibit the indefinite detention of U.S. citizens. Although this legislation does contain several positive provisions that I support, it does not ensure our most basic rights as American citizens are protected.
I hope that next year the Senate and the House can come together in a bipartisan way to recognize the importance of our constitutional rights even in the face of ongoing terrorist threats and national security challenges. I look forward to working with my colleagues on the Senate Armed Services Committee toward this common goal.
Cruz's analysis of the indefinite detention provisions of the NDAA is spot on.
For two years, the NDAA included provisions that purported to authorize the president of the United States to deploy the U.S. military to apprehend and indefinitely detain any person (including an American citizen) who he believes “represent[s] an enduring security threat to the United States.”
Such an immense grant of power is not only unconscionable, but unconstitutional, as well.
As for the most unconstitutional parts of the NDAA 2012 that remain in effect, a bit of history is in order. On December 31, 2011, with the president's signing of that law, the writ of habeas corpus — a civil right so fundamental to Anglo-American common law history that it predates the Magna Carta — is voidable upon the command of the president of the United States. The Sixth Amendment right to counsel is also revocable at his will.
Of course, the denial of habeas corpus (or a trial) comes a little late in the process of being indefinitely detained. It's the apprehension that should be removed from the legislation next year.
Put simply, Americans would not need to worry about being held without charge if the president was not authorized in the same act to deploy the armed forces to round up the “suspects” and detain them indefinitely. Being apprised of the laws one is accused of having violated is important, but it's the detention and the manner of it that must be of more immediate concern to those who are alarmed about the new world order being defined by the NDAA.
One of the most noxious elements of the NDAA is that it places the American military at the disposal of the president for the apprehension, arrest, and detention of those suspected of posing a danger to the homeland (whether inside or outside the borders of the United States and whether the suspect be a citizen or foreigner). The endowment of such a power to the president by the Congress is nothing less than a de facto legislative repeal of the Posse Comitatus Act of 1878, the law forbidding the use of the military in domestic law enforcement.
Furthermore, a key component of the NDAA mandates a frightening grant of immense and unconstitutional power to the executive branch. Under the provisions of Section 1021, the president is afforded the absolute power to arrest and detain citizens of the United States without their being informed of any criminal charges, without a trial on the merits of those charges, and without a scintilla of the due process safeguards protected by the Constitution of the United States.
Further, in order to execute these provisions, the NDAA unlawfully gives the president the absolute and unquestionable authority to deploy the armed forces of the United States to apprehend and to indefinitely detain those suspected of threatening the security of the “homeland.” In the language of this legislation, these people are called “covered persons.”
The universe of potential “covered persons” includes every citizen of the United States of America. Any American could one day find himself or herself branded a “belligerent” and thus subject to the complete confiscation of his or her constitutional civil liberties and nearly never-ending incarceration in a military prison.
Finally, although America needs more federal representatives such as Ted Cruz who are willing to disregard the example of his party's leadership and work hard to derail the “long train of abuses” steaming out of Washington, D.C., there is another equally important and powerful way to stop the shredding of the Bill of Rights: nullification.
Nullification occurs when a state holds as null, void, and of no legal effect any act of the federal government that exceeds the boundaries of its constitutional powers.
Nullification recognizes that states possess the right to invalidate any federal measure that exceeds the few and defined powers allowed the federal government as enumerated in the U.S. Constitution.
States retain the right to act as arbiters of constitutionality of federal acts because they formed the union, and as creators of the compact, they hold ultimate authority as to the limits of the power of the central government to enact laws that are applicable to the states and the citizens thereof.
Despite criticism by those who advocate for a more powerful federal government, nullification would not lead to anarchy, as it is only the unconstitutional federal acts that will be subject to state invalidation.
As vast majorities in one congress after another continue surrendering to the president all legislative, executive, and judicial power, the need for nullification is urgent, and liberty-minded citizens are encouraged to work to elect congressmen and senators committed to upholding their oaths of office while at the same time electing state legislators who will boldly assert their right to restrain the federal government through application of that very powerful and very constitutional principle.
At press time, the president has not indicated when he would sign the NDAA. On December 19, the White House issued the following statement on the subject:
Although the bill includes a number of provisions that restrict or limit the Defense Department's ability to align military capabilities and force structure with the President's strategy and implement certain efficiencies, overall the Administration is pleased with the modifications and improvements contained in the bill that address most of the Administration's significant objections with earlier versions regarding these issues. The Administration supports passage of the legislation.
Photo of Sen. Ted Cruz: AP Images
Joe A. Wolverton, II, J.D. is a correspondent for The New American and travels frequently nationwide speaking on topics of nullification, the NDAA, and the surveillance state. He is the host of The New American Review radio show that is simulcast on YouTube every Monday. Follow him on Twitter @TNAJoeWolverton and he can be reached at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Overthrow oppression in Jadepunk! You are the Jianghu – a loose society of likeminded, yet quarrelsome, individuals and organizations. Using powerful Jadetech devices and martial arts techniques, you stand against oppression and injustice. Though you are few, the Council fears you, for you have the most powerful weapon in Kausao City – the hearts and minds of the people. Unite them, and they will fight with you.
Jadepunk: Tales From Kausao City is a Fate Core roleplaying game about rebellious wuxia heroes in a fictional steampunk setting. Within its pages you will find:
An original setting that fuses the themes of Western steampunk and Asian wuxia.
The "Storytelling System" of creating character aspects that immerses them into the setting.
A comprehensive Asset system that lets you make any kind of device, martial arts technique, or companion you can imagine.
New dueling mechanics that use the contest system for fast and furious combat that won't have the rest of your group sitting idly by.
Streamlined rules for gamemasters that give them the power to create scenes on the fly with the use of the "Scene Fractal".
A new way of creating minor NPCs that takes no prep time. "Faces" give you everything you need to make an unimportant NPC feel alive and memorable.
What are you waiting for? The people call for warriors to champion them against the oppressive forces of the Council of Nine. Take up your Jadetech weapon, prime the engines on your airship, and lead the fight for justice!
Where to Buy: Demi-glace is a concentrated sauce typically made with a meat stock and sometimes wine; it is available on the soup aisle of large grocery stores.
"This dish is much better the second day. Just cool the stew down in an ice bath, or on your countertop (the Health Department is unlikely to raid your kitchen). Refrigerate overnight. When time, heat and serve. Goes well with a few boiled potatoes. But goes really well with a bottle of Cote de Nuit Villages Pommard."
When you scale a recipe, keep in mind that cooking times and temperatures, pan sizes and seasonings may be affected, so adjust accordingly. Also, amounts listed in the directions will not reflect the changes made to ingredient amounts.
Season the meat well with salt and pepper.
Heat the oil in a Dutch oven over high heat. As soon as the oil shimmers, add the meat in batches and sear on all sides until it is well browned (not gray). If you dump too much meat in the pot at the same time, you'll overcrowd it; cool the thing down and you won't get good color. Sear the meat a little at a time, transferring it to a plate as it finishes.
Once all the meat is done, add the onions to the pot. Reduce the heat to medium-high; cook for about 10 minutes, or until the onions have softened and become golden. Sprinkle the flour over them; cook for 4 or 5 minutes, stirring occasionally, then add the red wine. Naturally, you'll want to use your wooden spoon to scrape up all those really good browned bits from the bottom of the pot.
Once the wine starts to boil, return all the meat and its juices to the pot, along with the carrots, garlic and the bouquet garni. Add just enough water (and two big spoons of demi-glace, if you have it) so the liquid covers the meat by one-third -- meaning you want a ratio of 3 parts liquid to 2 parts meat. This is a stew, so you'll need plenty of liquid even after it cooks down and reduces. Bring to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium-low; cook, uncovered, for about 2 hours, or until the meat is tender (break-apart-with-a-fork tender).
You should pay attention to the dish, meaning to check it every 15 to 20 minutes, stirring and scraping the bottom of the pot to make sure the meat is not sticking or scorching. You should also skim off any foam or scum or oil collecting on the surface, using a large spoon or ladle.
When the boeuf bourguignon is done, discard the bouquet garni, add the chopped parsley to the pot, and serve.
you may find a story in your work.
Based on what you choose to do, the shape and characteristics of your lines, the elements you choose for your collages, your work will develop a style or personality. Each journal may gradually tell a story, although it might not be clear until many years later! You'll look back and see that you were trying to clarify a decision, or get through a difficult phase in your life, to work through an injury, cycle through a variety of mediums...
It will likely take a few years for your creative process to evolve, transform and morph into something that flows and enriches you.
There is no rule book.
You do not need a kit, a coach, a lesson or a guidebook but you do need to allow yourself the space and freedom to discover {or rediscover}{or reboot}{or rekindle} the flow of creative ideas. The more you work, the more ideas you will have, and the more fuel for your creativity. The key is to figure out what works for you.
D & D Neverwinter Design Contest
About The Contest
Reach into your Bag of Holding and grab whatever artist tools you have stashed away in your Adventurer's Kit, it's time for the Neverwinter Design Contest. Whether you're a Tiefling Warlock or a Half-Elf Assassin, your design could shadow step the competition to be memorialized and rewarded a grand prize of $500.00 (USD not Gold). Submissions accepted until 11:59pm PST on 6/16/2015 If you're having trouble downloading the submission kit,try clicking here to see if it will directly download for you. ABOUT THE JUDGES: Jack Emmert: Jack co-founded Cryptic Studios in 2000 and now serves as the CEO where he sets the company's strategic vision while managing multiple teams that strive to develop memorable online games. During his tenure at Cryptic Studios, Jack has helped develop multiple MMOs including Neverwinter, Star Trek Online, Champions Online and more. In the past 15 years at Cryptic, Jack has held several different positions from game designer to Chief Executive Officer allowing him to establish a solid foundation for the studio. Prior to Cryptic, Jack was working on his PhD in Greek & Latin, with a focus in ancient religion. Mike Apolis: Mike's passion for games started at a young age with a drive to create immersive stories in Dungeons & Dragons as well as PC adventure games. Years of modding and tinkering with computer games led Mike to pursue an education in game development, after which he joined the Cryptic Studios team in 2005 and worked on many of their titles including City of Heroes, Champions Online, Star Trek Online and Neverwinter. Today Mike is a senior artist on Neverwinter, going back to his D&D roots, creating immersive stories, environments and art for D&D fans new and old.
How To Enter
DOs & DON'Ts 1. Do: Make something original. Research to make sure your idea isn't already out there. 2. Do: Make stylized art! Get inspiration from Dungeons & Dragons Neverwinter! 4. Do: Have fun and be creative! 5. Don't: Submit similar versions of the same design. Sometimes people submit the same design, but with small changes. This will only divide your votes and hurt your chances of winning rather than help it. 6. Don't: Use any copyrighted, 3rd party or inappropriate materials. This contest is to submit art designs to be officially licensed. If it is too obscene or mixes 3rd party, or copyrighted materials, it will NOT be approved. 7. Don't: Use any original artwork from Dungeons & Dragons Neverwinter as a part of your design
FAQ
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Ian Pannell travels with cheering rebels in Aleppo. His report contains unverified graphic images of the victims of Syria's conflict
The US says that it fears Syrian government forces are preparing to carry out a massacre in the country's most populous city, Aleppo.
The US state department said the deployment of tanks, helicopter gunships and fixed-winged aircraft suggested such an attack was imminent.
Spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said it was a "serious escalation" in the conflict.
Syrian rebels in the city have begun stockpiling ammunition and medical supplies in preparation.
Ms Nuland said: "Our hearts are with the people of Aleppo. And again, this is another desperate attempt by a regime that is going down to try to maintain control."
But she insisted that the US would not intervene other than by providing non-lethal assistance to the rebels who have been trying to topple the government of President Bashar al-Assad for 16 months.
Image caption Residents have been leaving the city as fears of an attack grow
"We do not believe that pouring more fuel on this fire is going to save lives," she said, adding that there had not been "the kind of groundswell call for external support" seen elsewhere.
The US has said it is supporting the opposition with communications equipment and medical supplies.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon said the world must apply the lessons learned from the Bosnian conflict in the 1990s.
He was speaking in Srebrenica, where a UN peacekeeping force failed to stop the killing of more than 7,000 Bosnian Muslim men and boys in 1995.
"I do not want to see any of my successors, after 20 years, visiting Syria, apologising for what we could have done now to protect the civilians in Syria - which we are not doing now," Mr Ban said .
The head of UN peacekeeping operations, Herve Ladsous, defended the decision to reduce the number of observers in Syria.
"We found ourselves with too many people and not enough to do," he said.
Speaking in Damascus, he said there was "no plan B" beyond Joint Special Envoy Kofi Annan's peace plan.
A prominent defector from the Syrian government, Gen Manaf Tlas, has put himself forward as a possible figure to unite the fractious opposition.
In an interview with a Saudi newspaper, Asharq al-Awsat, he said: "I am discussing with... people outside Syria to reach a consensus with those inside."
However, some in the opposition regard Gen Tlas - who fled earlier this month - as a compromised figure too close to the Assad government.
Counter-offensive
In Aleppo itself, a city of two million people and the country's commercial capital, Syrian rebels have begun stockpiling ammunition.
A Syrian security source was quoted by AFP news agency as saying that special forces had begun arriving on the edges of Aleppo in readiness for a "generalised counter-offensive on Friday or Saturday".
A similar account has emerged from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which talks of reinforcements arriving from the main Damascus-to-Aleppo road to the south.
Columns of troops and tanks are also thought to be travelling from the city of Hama, and from the border posts with Turkey in Idlib province.
At least 34 people were killed in the city on Thursday, activists said, as artillery and helicopter gunships attacked rebel targets.
Activist Abu Mohammad al-Halabi told Reuters that so far most of the victims had been civilians, as the rebels were moving around the city to avoid attacks.
"There is lots of internal displacement, and schools have been turned to makeshift shelters that are packed. One shell hitting a school will result in a catastrophe," he said.
'Guerrilla-style attacks'
The BBC's Ian Pannell, near the city, says thousands of people have already left as fears grow that an intense battle looms.
Talal al-Mayhani, an activist with connections to the rebel movement in Aleppo, said the battle for the city was likely to play out in a similar way to an earlier battle in the capital Damascus, when rebels took control of large parts of the city before being forced to withdraw in the face of a government offensive.
At the scene It is almost inconceivable that President Assad could allow his government to lose control of the city, so it is reasonable to expect that they are going to throw everything they possibly can at the city. And that is what they are preparing for here. One of the neighbourhoods is appealing for more blood supplies. We are hearing reports of hundreds, possibly thousands of families leaving some districts. Everybody is bracing themselves for an intensive campaign. The way it has worked in other cities is that there is an intensive bombardment by artillery and mortars, and then when it starts to go calm, tanks begin to roll in. This is a very congested heavily populated area, so it will be bloody. Rebels surprise regime in Aleppo
Luke Harding of the Guardian newspaper, 50km (30 miles) west of Aleppo, told the BBC that much of the rest of Aleppo province was in rebel hands but it was an exaggeration to say they were in control of half of the city.
"It's true they're in the southern part of the city and the north-east. Tactically, they're doing guerrilla-style attacks and they can melt away quite quickly."
Foreign journalists operate under heavy restrictions in Syria so claims made by either side are difficult to verify.
In the capital, Damascus, activists said the army had pounded the capital's last rebel-held areas and 20 civilians had died.
Five children and four women were killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, when shells hit the Yalda area. Helicopters also attacked the nearby district of Hajar al-Aswad.
The government has said its forces are trying to dislodge the "remnants of mercenary terrorist groups".
More than 16,000 people have been killed in Syria since the start of anti-regime protests in March 2011, activists say.
Repeated diplomatic attempts to stop the violence have foundered, with the UN Security Council bitterly divided.
Korra and Kuvira alone in the tundra for two and a half weeks, struggling to survive the extreme conditions of their environment and each other. A deep character study of these two women, as well as an examination of Korra and Asami's relationship experienced through memory. Occurs one year after the end of Book 4 and deals with the fallout of the Earth Empire.
The mission was only supposed to last five days.
But a whole two and a half weeks later, Korra found herself all alone with Kuvira in the vast expanse of the frozen tundra, unsure of their exact location or how many days and miles they had left to go until they reached their final destination.
Earlier that month, Korra had received a telegram bearing the golden seal of the Earth Kingdom, the message inside requesting her attendance at an upcoming meeting of recently elected political delegates and regional representatives from across the continent. They had traveled to Republic City to bring to her a delicate matter, to ask her personally to help transport Kuvira to a new prison, one they had been building in secret over the past few months.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Vietnam and South Korea are looking seriously at buying refurbished Lockheed Martin Corp P-3 and S-3 maritime surveillance planes to counter China's military buildup and repeated North Korean missile launches, the company said.
A US Lockheed P-3 Orion variant, the P-3AEW&C, is seen at Tocumen international airport during an organized media visit in Panama City March 8, 2016. REUTERS/Carlos Jasso
Vietnam is expected to request formal pricing and availability data on four to six older U.S. Navy P-3 Orion aircraft in the next few months, Clay Fearnow, a senior executive with Lockheed's aeronautics division, told Reuters at the Berlin air show last week.
The Obama administration's move to completely lift its arms embargo on Vietnam last month paved the way for such a sale, but any deal would still have to be carefully reviewed by the U.S. government, according to U.S. and Lockheed officials.
A senior Vietnamese military official told Reuters over the weekend that significant weapons purchases are some way off.
“We are not sure what we can buy from the U.S. or what we want to buy,” Deputy Defence Minister Nguyen Chi Vinh said in some of the first public comments from a Vietnamese defense official since the embargo was lifted.
Washington's decision to permit lethal arms sales to Vietnam, its former enemy, underscored both countries' shared concerns about China's growing military clout.
Vietnam, which borders China, is also a key part of President Barack Obama's efforts to rebalance U.S. strategy toward Asia amid worries about Beijing's assertiveness and sovereignty claims to 80 percent of the South China Sea.
If the sale goes through, retired U.S. Navy P-3 turboprop planes now parked in a desert would be rebuilt with new wings, a new mission system and anti-submarine warfare equipment for Vietnam, Fearnow said.
The cost could exceed the $80 million to $90 million price tag for each of the 12 P-3s rebuilt for Taiwan several years ago, given the added equipment, Fearnow said.
Lockheed has built new wings or rebuilt aircraft for over 90 P-3 aircraft around the world, including the United States, Norway, Taiwan, Chile and Germany, since 2008, with some orders still in the works, Fearnow said.
The company is scrambling to drum up more orders and extend its wing production line in Marietta, Georgia.
Brazil and South Korea are each looking at ordering new wings for existing aircraft, but must decide by Sept. 1 to avoid a potentially costly gap in the supply chain for the wings, he said.
Boeing Co is also marketing its P-8 Poseidon maritime surveillance plane, but it is significantly newer and more expensive than the P-3. Another possible competitor is Airbus Group SE's C295 plane, which is built in Spain.
The U.S. State Department said it could not comment on potential P-3 or S-3 sales until it formally notifies the U.S. Congress.
In addition to South Korea's interest in new wings for eight of its P-3s, Seoul is also looking at acquiring 12 of the U.S. Navy's S-3 aircraft, which were retired in 2009 and are now parked in a desert, Fearnow said.
He said Spain, Portugal and Argentina also had P-3 aircraft that could use new wings, but those countries all face budget pressures. Japan, which has about 100 P-3 aircraft, is replacing them with its own P-1 aircraft, and the U.S. Navy is replacing its P-3 fleet with the Boeing P-8s.
The Philippines also wants to expand its maritime surveillance capabilities, but is still defining its requirements, Fearnow said.
While waiting for the arrival of Rubedo Press' Cypriana:Old World, I used the time to revisit some of the books on St.Cyprian of Antioch that were already waiting on my bookshelf. Next to JSK's Testament of St.Cyprian and several general books on saints and folklore I rediscovered a worn old softcover volume from 1927.
I vaguely recalled buying it years ago when researching on the origins of the Faust legend. Thus its title was little surprise: ‘Greek sources of the Faust legend. The magus Cyprianus. The account of Helladius, Theophilus.'
In this small book the classical philologist and once professor at the universities of Greifswald, Münster and Vienna Ludwig Radermacher (1867-1952) provides an in depth account of the legend of St.Cyprian of Antioch and examines its ties to older Greek sources.
Diving into it and being amazed by the wonderful scholarship and exegesis Radermacher provides, I came across two other little known German sources on St.Cyprian from the late 19th and early 20th century. These are Richard August Reitzenstein's detailed article ‘Cyprian the Mage' from 1917 as well as Theodor Zahn's liminal study and reconstruction of the source text ‘Cyprian von Antiochien und die deutsche Faustsage' (1882).
As all three articles are available in German only, I thought I'll share a few things that stood out for me while immersing myself in these slightly older publications. Due to their academic authors all of the points below are looking at the historic tradition of St.Cyprian - rather than the practical devotional side of working with this inner contact. Yet despite the academic background, we will still hear about Apollonius of Tyana, the Greek Magical Papyri as well as a Greek satire that might have well paved the way for Cyprian's own legend....
Here we go. I hope it wets your appetite just as it did mine to dig deeper into JSK's massive double volume as well as the currently shipping Cypriana: OldWorld.
LVX,
Frater Acher
It's like airplane's "black box" flight data recorder. But it's for data centers.
Israeli startup Axxana has developed an black box recorder to store enterprise data in real-time, so that it's recoverable in the event of a data center disaster.
When disasters strike data centers, data that has not yet been transmitted to a disaster recovery site is lost. Axxana's Phoenix System is a hardened and disaster-proof, 180kg enclosure, built to withstand the equivalent of the extreme conditions in a jet plane crash. It is hooked up to the storage system at a data center and records a synchronous data stream from that storage, on its own internal solid state drive storage, at the same time as that data is replicated asynchronously to a remote site. Axxana says the result is rapid post-disaster application recovery, with no data loss whatsoever. It won't however promise 100 per cent data protection.
If a disaster happens, the Phoenix can be recovered and data extracted from it by "physically locating the system by tracking the homing signal and connecting a laptop with an Axxana software component to the Phoenix System at the disaster site" or by the Phoenix system "transferring the data to the secondary site using highly resilient cellular broadband technology." It contains a hardened and protected cellular modem, batteries and antennae.
The result is rapid post-disaster application recovery, with Axxana claiming the Phoenix can withstand any disaster short of an atomic explosion and, specifically:
Direct flames at 2000°F for one hour followed by 450°F for an additional 6 hours
Pressure of 5000lb
pierce force of a 500lb rod dropped from 10ft
30ft of water pressure
A shock of 40G.
Axxana calls its technology Enterprise Data Recording (EDR) and says it "eliminates the need for very high bandwidth required for synchronous replication and the need to maintain peak level bandwidth at all times." You can download a white paper about it from here (pdf).
The company was founded in 2005 by three people. One is Dr. Alex Winokur, its Chief Technology Officer, and an IBM master inventor. He came to Axxana from XIV, acquired by IBM, where he was the CTO, and he was previously a co-founder of deduplication company Sepaton. The second is Dan Hochberg, Axxana's EVP for business development and sales, who was previously at Radvision. Axxana's CEO and third co-founder is Eli Efrat.
Interestingly, its board of advisors includes the so-called father of the Symmetrix and an XIV founder, Moshe Yanai. He was also involved with dedupication vendor Diligent and sold it and XIV to IBM. Another advisor is Fred van den Bosch, the former CTO of Veritas. Yanai has said this about Axxana's technology: "It is for the first time that I see a solution that enables a failover site at any distance with the ability to absolutely recover all transactions."
Axxana has just raised $4m in a second round of funding. Yanai was involved in this second funding round which took its total funding to $10m.
Axxana has just been recognised by Gartner as a cool vendor in the disaster recovery area. It is partnering with storage vendors and shipped its first product to an Israeli company in January. Axxana by the way is a Hebrew word for storage. ®
Anchor historian Dave Burkhart debunks the most frequently misquoted and misattributed sayings about beer and San Francisco.
“Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.”
We at Anchor Brewing have no doubt of the truth of this statement. But of the author? Well, it simply wasn't Benjamin Franklin.
Wishfully but mistakenly attributed by beer lovers, lecturers, and writers to a man who deserves credit for so much already, it remains one of the most popular sayings about beer—if not God and happiness—that nobody really said.
Although he enjoyed beer—especially small beer, perfect for long sessions devoted to discussions of political philosophy, economic theory, science, and the arts—Ben Franklin was first and foremost a great lover of wine.
In 1779, while in France, Franklin wrote to his friend, the theologian, economist, philosopher, and writer André Morellet (1727–1819):
On parle de la conversion de l'eau en vin, à la nôce de Cana, comme d'un miracle. Mais cette conversion est faite tous les jours par la bonté de Dieu, sous nos yeux. Voilà l'eau qui tombe des cieux sur nos vignobles, et alors elle entre dans les racines des vignes pour-être changée en vin. Preuve constante que Dieu nous aime, et qu'il aime à nous voir heureux.1
Prose about wine always sounds so poetic in French, but Franklin sounds great in any language:
We hear of the conversion of water into wine at the marriage in Cana, as of a miracle. But this conversion is, through the goodness of God, made every day before our eyes. Behold the rain which descends from heaven upon our vineyards, and which incorporates itself with the grapes to be changed into wine; a constant proof that God loves us, and loves to see us happy!1
As Franklin reminded Monsieur l'Abbé Morellet in the same letter, “In vino veritas…Truth is in wine.” And truth, according to Morellet's motto on the bookplates in his vast library, triumphs over all—Veritas omnia vincit.
Franklin wrote less reverentially about beer in his autobiography. In London in the mid-1720s, its consumption by his fellow printers had troubled him, in spite of the fact that it was perfectly normal in those days to fortify oneself with a beer or two at work:
I now began to think of getting a little Money beforehand; and expecting better Work, I left [Samuel] Palmer's to work at [John] Watts's near Lincoln's Inn Fields, a still greater Printing House. Here I continu'd all the rest of my Stay in London [he returned to Philadelphia in 1726].
At my first Admission into this Printing House, I took to working at Press, imagining I felt a Want of the Bodily Exercise I had been us'd to in America, where Presswork is mix'd with Composing. I drank only Water; the other Workmen, near 50 in Number, were great Guzzlers of Beer.
On occasion I carried up and down Stairs a large Form of Types in each hand, when others carried but one in both Hands. They wonder'd to see from this and several Instances that the Water-American as they call'd me was stronger than themselves who drank strong Beer. We had an Alehouse Boy who attended always in the House to supply the Workmen. My Companion at the Press, drank every day a Pint before Breakfast, a Pint at Breakfast with his Bread and Cheese; a Pint between Breakfast and Dinner; a Pint at Dinner; a Pint in the Afternoon about Six o'Clock, and another when he had done his Day's-Work. I thought it a detestable Custom. But it was necessary, he suppos'd, to drink strong Beer that he might be strong to labour.
I endeavour'd to convince him that the Bodily Strength afforded by Beer could only be in proportion to the Grain or Flour of the Barley dissolved in the Water of which it was made; that there was more Flour in a Penny-worth of Bread, and therefore if he would eat that with a Pint of Water, it would give him more Strength than a Quart of Beer. He drank on however, and had 4 or 5 Shillings to pay out of his Wages every Saturday Night for that muddling Liquor; an Expence I was free from. And thus these poor Devils keep themselves always under….
From my Example a great Part of them, left their muddling Breakfast of Beer and Bread and Cheese, finding they could with me be supply'd from a neighbouring House with a large Porringer of hot Water-gruel, sprinkled with Pepper, crumb'd with Bread, and a Bit of Butter in it, for the Price of a Pint of Beer, viz, three halfpence. This was a more comfortable as well as cheaper Breakfast, and kept their Heads clearer. Those who continu'd sotting with Beer all day, were often, by not paying, out of Credit at the Alehouse, and us'd to make Interest with me to get Beer, their Light, as they phras'd it, being out.2
Despite Franklin's feelings about beer, God, of course, still loved him and wanted him to be happy. And forty years later there is proof!
In 1768, Franklin visited the London print shop where he had once been a journeyman printer. He was sure that one of their presses was the very press that he had operated over forty years before. That was cause for celebration, and he ordered a gallon of porter to share with his fellow printers and toast their noble profession.
The press is now in the Smithsonian. A brass plate was affixed to it in 1833. It reads, according to New Yorker John B. Murray, who was responsible for bringing the press to America:
DR. FRANKLIN'S Remarks relative to this Press, made when he came to England as agent of the Massachusetts, in the year 1768. The Doctor at this time visited the Printing-office of Mr. Watts, of Wild-street, Lincoln's-lnn-Fields, and, going up to this particular Press, (afterwards in the possession of Messrs. Cox and Son, of Great Queen-street, of whom it was purchased,) thus addressed the men who were working at it:—”Come, my friends, we will drink together. It is now forty years since I worked like you at this Press, as a journeyman Printer.” The Doctor then sent out for a gallon of Porter, and he drank with them,—”SUCCESS TO PRINTING.”3
So—unless you see lightning—raise an Anchor Porter to Ben Franklin and be happy!
Citations
1Franklin's letter and translation from Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Benjamin Franklin, by his grandson, William Temple Franklin, 1819. A slightly different version appears in Mémoires de l'abbé Morellet, M. Lémontey, ed., Paris, 1821: “On parle de la conversion de l'eau en vin, à la noce de Cana, comme d'un miracle. Mais cette conversion est faite tous les jours par la bonté de Dieu devant nos yeux. Voilà l'eau qui tombe des cieux sur nos vignobles; là, elle entre les racines des vignes pour être changée en vin; preuve constante que Dieu nous aime, et qu'il aime à nous voir heureux.”
2From Franklin's autobiography in The Papers of Benjamin Franklin, a joint project of Yale University Library and the American Philosophical Society.
3From A Lecture on the Life of Dr. Franklin, by John B. Murray, 1841, which includes a transcript of Rev. Hugh M'Neile's 1841 lecture at the Liverpool Royal Amphitheatre, at which Murray displayed the “Franklin” printing press he purchased and would soon ship to America. J. L. Cox, in an 1841 letter to Murray, confirmed the story about the press and the porter, though not the date. “I remember an old press-man in my father's employ, named Norgrove, who informed me that when Dr. Franklin was in this country, arranging the Treaty of Peace between England and the United States, he one day came to the office, and that he (Norgrove) was then working at the Press. The Dr. observed that it was the same Press he had himself once worked at when a journeyman; and having ordered some porter to be sent for, he drank some with him, and the other men in the room; recommending them all to be industrious and attentive to business, as he had bee, and that, like himself, they would benefit by it.”
Wethersfield, N.Y. (WHAM) - If you saw a car driving down the road with no doors, windshield, or license plates with an axe in the roof, would you call it suspicious?
A man from Java, Wyoming County was arrested Monday after Wyoming County Sheriff's deputies say he did just that.
, deputies said they were called to Youngers Road in Wethersfield for a suspicious vehicle report.
When they arrived, deputies said they saw with no license plates, no windshield, and no doors with an axe stuck in the roof. The driver, 21-year-old Jared Price, performed poorly on sobriety tests and was arrested.
Price was charged with DWAI-drugs, DWAI-combined influence of drugs, no license plates, unregistered motor vehicle, uninspected motor vehicle, operating without insurance, no front windshield, and no safety glass.
Price was arraigned and remanded to the Wyoming County Jail in lieu of $10,000 cash bail or $20,000 bond. He is scheduled to return to the Town of Wethersfield Court on August 1, 2017.
The vehicle was towed from the scene.
I have been using Google two-factor authentication for a while. It's probably the reason why I login using my Google id on every possible site I use. I can use a simple mobile app to generate time-sensitive one-time password (OTP) along with my regular password to login.
Google authenticator mobile app allows multiple profiles. This allows any developer to use Google app with their own app authentication system. We just need to develop the server side component to make it work with our web application. It's not difficult considering Google uses an open standard HMAC-Based One-Time Password (HOTP) Algorithm as defined in RFC 4226.
I spent some time developing python library for the same. It's a generic library which can be used with any kind of python application. I have a demo web application which kind of gives the flow. The demo application is in no way complete. Don't use it in your production system.
The block diagram below shows a simple two authentication system using pyg2fa. Your user table contains an extra column called g2fa_code which is a 16 digit, base 32 number used as a seed for OTP. This field should be regarded as a second password field for all practical purposes. So encrypt it.
g2fa_code is unique and randomly generated for every user. It could be generated at the time of registration or at any point when user enables two-factor authentication. This is the number used to generate QR code which can be scanned by the user's Google authentication app. If the user wants to enter the code directly into his Google authenticator app then show him the same. Once it's added successfully to the app it starts generating OTPs which can be used against a specific app.
On the server side, validation is very easy. Just call
validate(users_g2fa_code, int(user_entered_otp), 4)
It should return True if everything is okay. Make sure the server time is in sync with the internet time. OTPs are highly time sensitive. I have added a third parameter ‘window' in the validate method which will allow client's clock to drift server time by +/- defined seconds. Just make sure that that window is not very huge.
To run the demo
1. Install pyg2fa
git clone https://github.com/thejeshgn/pyg2fa cd pyg2fa python setup.py install
2. Run the demo
cd demo python demo.py
Once you run demo.py, it prints steps to follow and interact with the demo app. Play with demo.py. It's not very difficult to master. Of course fork the project and send me enhancements.
Explore an illuminated wonderland of creativity, music, and dance around Leo Villareal's Buckyball at our fifth annual Light Night Party! Kansas City phenom Quixotic will bring a mesmerizing performance to the grounds, fusing glow technology, music, and acrobatic dance. Matt Owen and The Eclectic Tuba and DJ AttA open and close the party with mega dance grooves. Activities include a large-scale interactive light show by artist Laser Tom, colorful artmaking and black-light painting, and more. Enjoy a special Happy Hour presented by Artinfusion and Bike Rack Brewery at 8th St. Market from 5 to 7 p.m. Then kick off the night with a pre-show glow ride from Bike Rack to Crystal Bridges starting at 7:30 p.m. The best-decorated LED bike and costume will win tickets to Art Night Out on Nov. 18. Special thanks to our collaborators Deadhead Productions and the Amazeum. All ages are welcome.
Sponsored by JTH Productions.
Free, no registration required.
How Do Diamonds Form?
Contrary to what many people believe, most diamonds do not form from coal.
Methods of Diamond Formation
Many people believe that diamonds are formed from the metamorphism of coal. That idea continues to be the "how diamonds form" story in many science classrooms.
Coal has rarely played a role in the formation of diamonds. In fact, most diamonds that have been dated are much older than Earth's first land plants - the source material of coal! That alone should be enough evidence to shut down the idea that Earth's diamond deposits were formed from coal.
Another problem with the idea is that coal seams are sedimentary rocks that usually occur as horizontal or nearly horizontal rock units. However, the source rocks of diamonds are vertical pipes filled with igneous rocks.
Four processes are thought to be responsible for virtually all of the natural diamonds that have been found at or near Earth's surface. One of these processes accounts for nearly 100% of all diamonds that have ever been mined. The remaining three are insignificant sources of commercial diamonds.
These processes rarely involve coal.
1) Diamond Formation in Earth's Mantle
Geologists believe that the diamonds in all of Earth's commercial diamond deposits were formed in the mantle and delivered to the surface by deep-source volcanic eruptions. These eruptions produce the kimberlite and lamproite pipes that are sought after by diamond prospectors. Diamonds weathered and eroded from these eruptive deposits are now contained in the sedimentary (placer) deposits of streams and coastlines.
The formation of natural diamonds requires very high temperatures and pressures. These conditions occur in limited zones of Earth's mantle about 90 miles (150 kilometers) below the surface where temperatures are at least 2000 degrees Fahrenheit (1050 degrees Celsius) (1). This critical temperature-pressure environment for diamond formation and stability is not present globally. Instead it is thought to be present primarily in the mantle beneath the stable interiors of continental plates (2).
Diamonds formed and stored in these "diamond stability zones" are delivered to Earth's surface during deep-source volcanic eruptions. These eruptions tear out pieces of the mantle and carry them rapidly to the surface (3), See Location 1 in the diagrams above and at right. This type of volcanic eruption is extremely rare and has not occurred since scientists have been able to recognize them.
Is coal involved? Coal is a sedimentary rock, formed from plant debris deposited at Earth's surface. It is rarely buried to depths greater than two miles (3.2 kilometers). It is very unlikely that coal has been moved from the crust down to a depth well below the base of a continental plate. The carbon source for these mantle diamonds is most likely carbon trapped in Earth's interior at the time of the planet's formation.
2) Diamond Formation in Subduction Zones
Tiny diamonds have been found in rocks that are thought to have been subducted deep into the mantle by plate tectonic processes - then returned to the surface (4). (See Location 2 in the diagrams above and at right.) Diamond formation in a subducting plate might occur as little as 50 miles (80 kilometers) below the surface and at temperatures as low as 390 degrees Fahrenheit (200 degrees Centigrade) (1). In another study, diamonds from Brazil were found to contain tiny mineral inclusions consistent with the mineralogy of oceanic crust. (8)
Is coal involved? Coal is a possible carbon source for this diamond-forming process. However, oceanic plates are more likely candidates for subduction than continental plates because of their higher density. The most likely carbon sources from the subduction of an oceanic plate are carbonate rocks such as limestone, marble and dolomite and possibly particles of plant debris in offshore sediments.
3) Diamond Formation at Impact Sites
Throughout its history, Earth has been repeatedly hit by large asteroids. When these asteroids strike the earth extreme temperatures and pressures are produced. For example: when a six mile (10 kilometer) wide asteroid strikes the earth, it can be traveling at up to 9 to 12 miles per second (15 to 20 kilometers per second). Upon impact this hypervelocity object would produce an energy burst equivalent to millions of nuclear weapons and temperatures hotter than the sun's surface (5).
The high temperature and pressure conditions of such an impact are more than adequate to form diamonds. This theory of diamond formation has been supported by the discovery of tiny diamonds around several asteroid impact sites. See Location 3 in the diagrams above and at right.
Tiny, sub-millimeter diamonds have been found at Meteor Crater in Arizona. Polycrystalline industrial diamonds up to 13 millimeters in size have been mined at the Popigai Crater in northern Siberia, Russia. [7]
Is coal involved? Coal could be present in the target area of these impacts and could serve as the carbon source of the diamonds. Limestones, marbles, dolomites and other carbon-bearing rocks are also potential carbon sources.
4) Formation in Space
NASA researchers have detected large numbers of nanodiamonds in some meteorites (nanodiamonds are diamonds that are a few nanometers - billionths of a meter in diameter). About three percent of the carbon in these meteorites is contained in the form of nanodiamonds. These diamonds are too small for use as gems or industrial abrasives, however, they are a source of diamond material (6), See Location 4 in the diagrams above and at right.
Smithsonian researchers also found large numbers of tiny diamonds when they were cutting a sample from the Allen Hills meteorite (7). These diamonds in meteorites are thought to have formed in space through high speed collisions similar to how diamonds form on Earth at impact sites.
Is coal involved? Coal is not involved in the creation of these diamonds. The carbon source is from a body other than Earth.
The Most Convincing Evidence
The most convincing evidence that coal did not play a role in the formation of most diamonds is a comparison between the age of Earth's diamonds and the age of the earliest land plants.
Almost every diamond that has been dated formed during the Precambrian Eon - the span of time between Earth's formation (about 4,600 million years ago) and the start of the Cambrian Period (about 542 million years ago). In contrast, the earliest land plants did not appear on Earth until about 450 million years ago - nearly 100 million years after the formation of virtually all of Earth's natural diamonds.
Since coal is formed from terrestrial plant debris and the oldest land plants are younger than almost every diamond that has ever been dated, it is easy to conclude that coal did not play a significant role in the formation of Earth's diamonds.
Despite the wide array of immune mechanisms working to promote intestinal homeostasis, chronic inflammation can result from breakdowns in this system. Inflammatory bowel disease (IBD), which encompasses both Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, is highly prevalent in developed nations. The currently accepted hypothesis regarding the etiology of IBD is that specific environmental factors trigger intestinal inflammation in a genetically susceptible individual. Although alteration of the intestinal microbiota is one possible 'environmental' trigger, inherited immune defects can also modify the commensal flora in affected individuals, creating a perpetual cycle that ultimately leads to disease. Over 160 genetic loci have been linked with the development of IBD81,82 (Table 1), and revealingly many of the identified gene products are involved in mediating interactions between the immune system and intestinal microorganisms. One of the strongest links is between Nod2 mutations and ileal Crohn's disease83,84,85. A leading hypothesis is that this is due to an effect on the ileal microbiota, as Nod2-deficient mice have greater bacterial loads in the terminal ileum86. Expression of α-defensins is lower in Nod2-deficient mice (compared to wild-type mice) and in humans with Crohn's disease, particularly when a Nod2 mutation is present87,88. Nod2 mutations may interfere with the microbiota, resulting in intestinal inflammation. Alternatively, inhibition of Paneth cell antimicrobial activity may actually be secondary to the inflammation89, highlighting the complex nature of the interplay between the host and microbiota in the intestine. Recently, a role for ILCs has been described in the pathogenesis of IBD, as an accumulation of T-bet+ IFN-γ–producing ILCs was observed in inflamed tissues of patients with Crohn's disease90. It is clear that IBD encompasses multiple defects in different upstream pathways, resulting in the final common result of chronic intestinal inflammation. It is also important to appreciate the bidirectional relationship that exists as immune dysregulation can drive microbial changes, and shifts in the microbiota can drive immune dysfunction (Fig. 3).
Table 1: Polymorphisms and mutations associated with IBD Full size table
Figure 3: Innate barriers ensure a tolerant response to the microbiota. The presence of a functional barrier, with normal amounts of PRRs, mucus, AMPs and secreted IgA, promotes intestinal homeostasis with the microbiota. The microbiota is segregated away from the IECs, and the intestinal immune system directs a largely tolerant response to the resident commensals. MAMPs stimulate the epithelial secretion of IL-33, TGF-β, TSLP, BAFF and APRIL, all promoting the development of tolerogenic immune cell responses to the microbiota. This cytokine environment enriches for CD103+ dendritic cells (DCs), which aid in the development of T reg cells secreting IL-10 and TGF-β. T reg cells and CD103+ DCs stimulate the production of commensal-specific IgA. Barrier integrity of the IECs is enhanced by secretion of IL-22 by RORγt ILCs in this environment. In immunodeficiency or inflammatory syndromes with an innate barrier defect (for example, IBD, CVID or HIV infection), the intestinal immune system directs a potentially harmful pro-inflammatory response to the microbiota to clear invading bacteria and dysbiosis occurs. In this environment, the epithelium can secrete IL-1 and IL-6 in response to danger signals. Secretion of IL-12 and IL-23 by DCs and macrophages promote a T H 1 and T H 17 response. These T helper cells secrete high levels of IFN-γ and IL-17A, respectively, and T-bet+ ILCs also accumulate to produce IFN-γ. A breach in the epithelial barrier by the microbiota in this situation can also lead to higher levels of B cells secreting commensal-specific IgG. Full size image
Breakdowns in host-microbial mutualism in the intestine can also occur in a wide array of immunodeficiency-related conditions in humans where the normal functioning of the intestinal immune system is compromised. HIV infection and common variable immunodeficiency (CVID) are examples of acquired or congenital immunodeficiencies that include an enteropathy (chronic intestinal inflammation). Study of affected individuals may therefore provide vital information on immune control of the microbiota. During acute HIV-1 infection, it is estimated that over 50% of the CD4+ T cells are preferentially depleted from the lamina propria because of direct infection, immune activation–induced cell death and the cytotoxic host response91, contributing to HIV enteropathy. HIV infection also results in relative depletion of T H 17 cells. The exact mechanisms remain unknown and may include direct infection and/or alteration of the T H 17 lineage commitment92,93. Rhesus macaques infected with the homologous retrovirus simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV) as well as HIV-infected humans who have undergone T H 17 depletion exhibits increased translocation of bacteria and viruses94,95,96,97,98. Studies of patients infected with HIV-1, linked with models of Cd4−/− mice, provide evidence that CD4+ T cells promote anatomical containment of the microbiota and direct tolerogenic responses to microbial signals rather than driving shifts in composition of the microbiota. This has been confirmed in small studies comparing HIV-1–positive and HIV-1–negative humans, where there were no major differences in the overall composition of the microbiome99. However, one study did find negative correlations between total bacterial load and duodenal CD4+ and CD8+ T cell activation (defined by a CD38+HLA−DR+ phenotype)100.
CVID is a collection of congenital immunodeficiency syndromes with different underlying causes, which have in common the characteristic of B cell dysfunction. The enteropathy associated with CVID has been poorly described, but it is clear that patients have chronic intestinal inflammation, in some cases similar to celiac sprue101. Whether symptoms are driven by a loss in the regulation of the microbiota has yet to be discovered. However, a recent study described the microbiota-epithelium interactions in B cell–deficient mice as a factor in the normal metabolic functions of IECs and highlighted the similarities seen between B cell–deficient mice and patients with CVID102.
In many cases, the antibody repertoire in immunodeficient patients is depleted. As IgA is the predominant antibody directed to the intestinal microbiota, gastrointestinal disorders seen in patients with CVID and with HIV infection may be the result of a loss of IgA-mediated regulation of the microbiota. No single pathogen has been associated with CVID gastrointestinal syndromes103 and IgG antibodies given to immunodeficient patients to protect against systemic infection do not treat CVID-associated enteropathy101,102. In HIV-infected patients, low numbers of intestinal IgA+ plasma cells have also been reported104. The role of the microbiota in these syndromes is not fully understood and more studies need to be done to determine the etiology of gastrointestinal abnormalities seen in immunodeficiency syndromes. The symptoms of these diseases, however, highlight the importance of a functional intestinal immune system in maintaining host-microbe homeostasis.
Genei Ibun Roku #FE ‘Extra Skills' trailer
Special skills that trigger various effects.
Nintendo has updated the Genei Ibun Roku #FE official website with video, screenshots, and details on the Wii U game's “Extra Skills” system.
Get the information below.
■ Extra Skills In addition to normal command skills, there are also various Extra Skills that trigger various effects. These skills feature showy actions that make the best use of each Mirage and Mirage Master's characteristics. Here, we'll introduce three types of Extra Skills: “Ad-Lib Performance,” “Special Performance,” and “Duo Arts.” Ad-Lib Performance With Ad-Lib Performance Extra Skills, you can enjoy enhanced actions through the entertainment power of the Mirage Master. An enhanced version of the command skill, it has a wide attack range and additional effects. This Extra Skill has a possibility of occurring when using a command skill. Special Performance Extra Skills are your “special move,” so to speak, that unleashes the power of the Mirage or Mirage Master. You can attack ignoring enemy attributes, recover from a critical situation, or use it to turn around the battle in a pinch. This Extra Skill can be triggered by consuming SP. Duo Arts A combination attack between two Mirage Masters that maximizes the entertainmente-like charm of the pair. In addition to various effects, you can also activate an additional session, so it's possible to earn even more combos. This Extra Skill can be triggered by selecting the trigger icon during a session.
Genei Ibun Roku #FE will launch for Wii U in Japan on December 26, and in North America and Europe in 2016.
Watch the footage below. View the screenshots at the gallery.
US Democratic Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts attends a Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee hearing on Capitol Hill earlier this year Photo by SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images
Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts harshly criticized President Obama and his economic advisers during a long interview with Salon that focuses on economic issues. At one point, the interviewer, Thomas Frank, mentions how he and his friends “are pretty disappointed” with Obama's track record on protecting the little guy from moneyed interests. Warren said she “understands” the frustration, making it clear she feels the same way.
“He picked his economic team and when the going got tough, his economic team picked Wall Street,” Warren said. Frank answers that it seems the economic team “just about ever time” sided with Wall Street.” Warren agrees:
That's right. They protected Wall Street. Not families who were losing their homes. Not people who lost their jobs. Not young people who were struggling to get an education. And it happened over and over and over.
At the same time, Warren does have some praise for Obama, saying she's convinced that if he hadn't been president “we would not have a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau” because “he was the one who refused to throw the agency under the bus and made sure that his team kept the agency alive and on the table.”
Nobody is really sure what it means at the moment, but we definitely know the ad showing the Verizon Galaxy Nexus for $199.99 is real. As in, It's not fake since it's showing up on Android sites across the web (we've spotted it here at AP, at Phandroid, and DroidForums to name a few). These ads are run by NetShelter, which is a premium advertising network that deals directly with carriers and manufacturers and does not mess around - we know them all too well.
Clicking Learn More goes to this page that doesn't list the Galaxy Nexus, so either someone pressed the Launch button a bit too early or the ad was scheduled ahead of time and someone forgot to postpone it due to all the recent delays. One thing stands out, however - $199.99 is about $100 cheaper than we thought the Nexus would go for. Of course, it may be a holiday promotion, but hey - we'll take it.
Note the tag "cmp=BAC-OM-111129-HOLIDAYSAMSUNG" in the Learn More url, which seems to point at a mysterious 11/29 date. Could it be the date the sale will go online? In that case, we're definitely seeing it prematurely. That and the fact that it also lists the Droid Charge and the Stratosphere at $99.99, while right now the very same page you get by clicking Learn More shows the Charge at $199.99 and the Stratosphere at $149.99. Hmm...
Here are the relevant parts of the ad: [1] [2] - check them out for yourself while they're still working.
So, does anyone else have any other theories? Spill the beans in the comments.
Francois Nel/Getty Images Both Americans and Brits fall toward the low-context end of the Communicating scale (i.e., they speak more explicitly than most cultures), but the British speak more between the lines than Americans do, a tendency particularly apparent with British high-context humor.
Many British people are fond of delivering ironic or sarcastic jokes with a completely deadpan face. Unfortunately, this kind of humor is lost on many Americans; they may suspect the British person is joking but they don't dare laugh, just in case he is not.
As a result, the British often say that Americans "don't understand irony."
A more precise explanation, however, is that Americans are simply more low-context than the British. So when Americans make a joke, especially in a professional setting, they are likely to indicate clearly through explicit verbal or physical cues, "This is a joke" — something totally unnecessary when one British person speaking to another (in their higher-context culture, if you have to tell us it was a joke, then it wasn't worth the breath you used to tell it).
Image © thinkpublic Share This Short URL: http://kctl.uk/8z About The Author Bronte Cook (Guest Contributor) Bronte is a law student just entering her second year at the University of Cambridge, with a particular interest in jurisprudence and human rights. Outside of the law she enjoys swimming and reading. LinkedIn Profile
Image © thinkpublic
This article is part of the 'Sexual Offences In 2015' series, edited by Keir Baker. Social, cultural and scientific changes create novel pressures for lawmakers, whether they be judges or legislators. This series on sexual offences intends to examine whether the law is keeping up with change, or failing to accurately reflect the public attitude towards sex. Other articles from this series are listed at the end of this article.
, after
Sexual abuse is finally being spoken about openly. Although there is much more progress required, perpetrators of abuse are being held to account more frequently. The prime example is the shocking revelations of Jimmy Savile's abusive history between 1955 and 2009, which came to light through Operation Yewtree an investigation into five women's accounts of abuse at the hands of Savile in the 1970's on the Mark Williams-Thomas' ITV Exposure programme. The finding of this investigation shocked the nation, and has lead to many more victims coming forward, with over 100 people accusing Savile of abuse. Many other celebrities and public figures have also faced accusations and charges over past sexual offences, and well as the Rotherham child abuse scandal being discovered.
These cases have highlighted the importance of having sexual legislation in place that adequately protects both current and potential victims, but also punishes perpetrators sufficiently proportionate to the severity of their behaviour.
Most crimes of a sexual nature are covered by the ambit of the Sexual Offences Act 2003 (SOA 2003), which replaced the heavily flawed Sexual Offences Act 1956 (SOA 1956) in an attempt to bring legislation up-to-date with the changing attitudes towards what is considered to be unacceptable sexual activity. This article aims to critically evaluate the remaining gender specific aspects of the SOA 2003 in order to determine whether it is adequately protecting all those vulnerable to, or experiencing, sexual abuse.
The Old Legislation
The SOA 1956, repealed by the SOA 2003, clearly displays the antiquated attitude to sex that was present at the time of drafting. Some issues with the legislation are immediately obvious; most glaringly section 13, which included criminalisation of a person's sexuality, declaring ‘indecency between men' illegal.
In addition, many of the provisions are completely gendered. For example, whilst section 2 and section 3 criminalise the ‘procurement of woman by threats' and by ‘false pretences' respectively, there is no equivalent offence for the procurement of a man through either route. It is clear that men are portrayed as sexual aggressors and women as sexual victims in these provisions.
This gendered drafting appears repeatedly, with section 5 listing the offence of ‘intercourse with a girl under thirteen', and all four offences under ‘Abduction' (sections 17-21) referring only to women. In fact, the same actions – committed by in one case a man and another, a woman – are often covered under the ambit of two different offences: ‘Indecent assault on a woman' (section 14) and ‘indecent assault on a man' (section 15) are under separate provisions, suggesting that the nature of the offence is different and that the behaviour requires two different responses. The same can be said for incest by a man or by a woman under sections 10 and 11.
The Current Legislation
There have been many improvements that focus on clarifying what is considered a sexual offence, thereby clearly marking out the ambit of the legislation. For example, ‘sexual' is defined in section 78 of the SOA 2003 Act, in two strands:
S.78(1) “For the purposes of this Part (except section 71), penetration, touching or any other activity is sexual if a reasonable person would consider that— (a) whatever its circumstances or any person's purpose in relation to it, it is because of its nature sexual, or (b) because of its nature it may be sexual and because of its circumstances or the purpose of any person in relation to it (or both) it is sexual.”
This section of the legislation is interpreted very loosely - in R v H [2005] EWCA Crim 732 it was determined that this section of the Act can render most behaviour sexual (including the touching of another's clothes), provided the defendant possessed the right intention.. This can be seen to be a positive element of the Act: it maximises the scope of behaviour that can be considered sexual and allows the Act to be applied to a wider range of cases in which inappropriate behaviour is being directed at a non-consenting party. Given the aim of the Act is to protect people from inappropriate, unwanted sexual behaviour, and by widening the scope, it is laudable that the provision is managing to achieve this goal in more scenarios, highlighting that many people can be made to feel uncomfortable or harassed by behaviour that would not at first sight seem inherently sexual.
Gendered Offending
The SOA 2003 moves largely away from the gendered provisions of the SOA 1956 with the majority of offences being committable against, and by, either gender. This not only ensures that women who commit offences are held to account, but also legitimises the inappropriate sexual experiences of male victims; rightly resulting in their abuse being considered as condemnable and wrong as the same behaviour directed towards a woman or girl.
In addition to this, the SOA 2003 specifically makes reference in section 7(3) to the fact that ‘references [in the legislation] to a part of the body include references to a part surgically constructed (in particular, through gender reassignment surgery)'. Absent from previous sexual offence legislation, the inclusion of this provision makes clear that transgender persons are to be treated equally in regards to sexual abuse, both as victims and as perpetrators. The importance of ensuring transgender persons are treated as equals in sexual offence legislation was discussed in more depth elsewhere in this article series, ‘Is the law regarding sexual consent transphobic and homophobic?'.
However, there still remains one offence that can only be committed by a man (although you can be committed against either gender): rape.
Section 1 of the SOA 2003 outlines the requirements for these offences as follows:
(1) A person (A) commits an offence if— (a) he intentionally penetrates the vagina, anus or mouth of another person (B) with his penis, (b) B does not consent to the penetration, and (c) A does not reasonably believe that B consents.
Rape is therefore restricted to only include offences involving penile penetration. Therefore, if a man is forced or coerced into having sex by a woman, this will not be considered to be rape. Instead either the offence of ‘sexual assault by penetration' under section 2 of the SOA 2003 - or that of ‘causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent' under section 4 will apply.
Further, there are discrepancies in the sentencing arrangements. Whilst ‘rape' carries a life sentence upon indictment, ‘causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent' has a maximum sentence of 10 years, provided the victim is not being penetrated. If the victim is penetrated this rises to life imprisonment. Where a woman forces a man to have sex, it is clear that it is the victim doing the penetrating; therefore the sentence for the perpetrator will be capped at 10 years imprisonment. This places the gravity of the offence under section 4 (without penetration) below that of rape.
It is not only discrepancies in sentencing that are an issue with regards to the gendered nature of rape as an offence, but also the censure and social reaction to ‘rape' as a concept in contrast to ‘causing a person to engage in sexual activity without consent'.
The word ‘rapist' rightly has extremely negative connotations and receives much societal contempt; the media displays the experience of the victims of rape as traumatic, and rapists as morally bankrupt and evil. Some have argued that making rape gender neutral rather than focused purely on male perpetrators will recognise and legitimise the ordeal that male victims of serious sexual assault experience. The aim is to assign it the same tier of societal disgust as ‘rape'. As, Phillip N. S. Rumney, Reader of Law at University of West London argued in the Seattle Journal for Social Justice, ‘it is high time that the reality of sexual victimisation for all those who suffer its pain and degradation be our concern when defining criminal acts'.
Conclusion
Whilst the SOA 2003 is undoubtedly a significant improvement on the earlier 1956 act, it is not above criticism.
As legislation that deals with incredibly traumatic offences, careful drafting is needed for a new Sexual Offences Act that protects all possible victims, and to ensure that all inappropriate behaviour that is considered severe enough to warrant a criminal sanction is included and dealt with accordingly. The legislation should therefore not be left to stagnate, but debate should continue in relation to its appropriateness and sufficiency in dealing with all inappropriate sexual behaviour. In particular, the presence of the gendered provisions, though minimal, is deserving of increased scrutiny to assess whether it is adequately protective of all potential victims.
For the latest articles straight to your inbox, you can subscribe for free. Alternatively, follow @KeepCalmTalkLaw on Twitter or Like us on Facebook.
Comment / Show Comments (0)
Larry King's News & Views I
Larry King…..Norm MacDonald
Announcer: If you're not reading Larry King's News and Views in USA Today, then you're missing on the issues that matter.
Larry King: This is News and Views, here's my two cents, gang..
If you only see one film the rest of your life it should be “Mickey Blue Eyes”.
When it comes to window blinds, vertical blinds are terrific, but so are horizontal blinds.
Has anybody ever died of a heart attack? I mean, really?
I don't care what anyone says, in my book, Ted Kaczynski is not the Unabomber.
Sudden thought: When did sugar diabetes become plain old diabetes?
Of all of the figures of the 20th Century one of the greatest has to be Robert Urich.
I have no tolerance, gang, for anyone who commits arson.
World Series prediction, it will be the Diamondbacks in 4.
The more I think about it, the more I appreciate the equator.
I don't ever remember seeing a Mormon, not once, not ever.
Is it just me, or is anyone else sick and tired of Nelson Mandela?
Here's the dirty truth, gang, Poland spring water does not come from Poland.
I interviewed Chile's imprisoned dictator General Pinochet last week, and take it from me, guys, this fella has a terrific laugh.
Does anybody remember baseball cards?
Between Hurricane Hugo and Hurricane Andrew, nothing beats Hurricane Hugo.
My wish for the new millennium is that we see a lot more of John Larroquette.
Family update, folks: Holding my baby son, Chance King makes me realize how much more I love him than my other children.
Announcer: This has been USA Today's News and Views with Larry King.
Larry King: Margarine has its place, but nothing beats the real deal… butter.
Thanks to Jordan Davidson of The SNL Message Board for this transcript.
SNL Transcripts
I've always loved this scene and the other little stunts Kelly-087 does in the books. I took some liberties for the sake of presentation (the Sentinels are definitely closer than half a kilometer away) but overall I'm pretty happy with how it turned out.Even though a lot of recent material has Kelly wearing the EVA helmet, I went with thecover with her armor (I really like the design of the classic Mark V). Her look here is specifically modeled after one particular Combat Evolved-era concept piece. As for the Sentinels, a lot of fan art portrays the sphere as a lot bigger in proportion to the booms, but I tried to be at least somewhat accurate to the book's description of the spars being three meters long while the sphere is just quarter a meter. The spheres are still too big relative to the spars but I'll just say it's perspective.Related later work:----
The Chasma Boreale, seen above, is about 350 miles long, cutting deep into the north polar icecap of Mars. With walls rising nearly one mile above the floor and ending at the edge of the retreating ice cap, Chasma Boreale is an important Martian feature for geologists. Just like the rings of a tree trunk or ice core data excavated from the poles of Earth, dust samples taken from the canyon could reveal information about the planet's past climate.
The darker spots seen in the composite photograph, which combines a series of images taken between December 2002 and February 2005 by the Thermal Emission System instrument mounted on NASA's Mars Odyssey, indicate deeper patches of sand. The darker the surface -- and deeper the sand patch -- the more the ice beneath has melted.
View more Pictures of the Day.
Image: NASA.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
“As a New Yorker, I'm very aware of 9/11… Thousands of people died. Property was destroyed. And the entire fabric of the city — the skyline that is so much a part of New York — lost a key piece,” recalled Dr. Orlove. “So, for people who live in mountain countries to see that the peaks that have defined them — that have made them who they are — are changing, even if they're changing over decades, that's a rapid change… Those mountains are changing as irreversibly as the collapse of the Twin Towers.”
“What do you do when there's just this distressing loss of your homelands?”
Ben Orlove, Director of Columbia University's Center for Research on Environmental Decisions, studies the psychic impact of glacial retreat, looking at what happens when the only home you have ever known melts away before your very eyes. Climate change is exterminating the world's glaciers with terrifying speed and tangible consequences. Icy behemoths that once fed streams and rivers have fled, leaving farmers and families thirsty for clean water. But according to Orlove, that's only part of the story. As he noted, even when communities find ways to adapt, there's still the question: “What do you do when there's just this distressing loss of your homelands?”
Orlove recalled speaking with natives of the Italian Alps. “These are people who see glacier retreat, and it's interesting to see how specifically they'll notice it, how they'll talk about their mountain and the changes in the ice on their mountain.” For locals, it's clear that climate change has disrupted the annual rhythm of alpine glaciers. Mountains once gathered snow in the winter months before trimming down for swimsuit season. When cold weather returned, they always regained what was lost. Today, thanks to rising temperatures, melting now outpaces the formation of new ice, which means that glaciers never recover from summer losses. Instead, they just wither away.
Glacial retreat allows us to see, touch and feel the effects of carbon pollution. Orlove explained, “Glacier melt is one of the simplest and most direct impacts of climate change that I know.” All over the world, these blue giants are in vanishing, from Switzerland to Kyrgyzstan, from Chile to the United States. According to a paper published earlier this month in the Journal of Glaciology, glaciers are now disappearing at unprecedented rates — two to three times faster than the 20th century average. Said Orlove, “It's really a very simple line from greenhouse gas concentrations to higher temperatures to glacier melt.”
It would be safe to regard widespread glacial retreat as the canary in the climate coal mine, a not-so-gentle reminder of the perils of fossil fuels. To a few, however, it portends something much more sinister. In the Peruvian Andes, locals believe glacial melt signals the end of the world. Orlove recalled a conversation with a sheepherder: “She said, ‘When the glaciers are gone, when all that ice is gone, there will be no more water. There's going to be the end of life. There will be a mighty wind that will come, and it will just blow everything away.'”
Trump ban cited in media threat
Council of Ministers spokesman Phay Siphan took to Facebook on Saturday to threaten to “crush” media entities that endanger “peace and stability”, citing US President Donald Trump's treatment of the press as a justification for the warning.
Specifically naming news services Voice of Democracy, Voice of America and Radio Free Asia, the government spokesman told all “foreign agents” to “consider a new use of airtime as well as published stories” or risk being dismantled.
In the post, Siphan referenced the recent White House decision to exclude certain media outlets like CNN and the New York Times from attending a meeting in the press secretary's office on Thursday.
“Donald Trump's ban of international media giants … sends a clear message that President Trump sees that news published by those media institutions does not reflect the real situation,” Siphan wrote in an apparent reference to Trump's tendency to label news as “fake”.
“Freedom of expression must be located within the domain of the law and take into consideration national interests and peace. The president's decision has nothing to do with democracy or freedom of expression,” Siphan continued.
Reached on the phone yesterday, Siphan doubled down on his comments, saying they were a “warning to return to professionalism and responsibility”.
When asked what would happen to a media outlet that does not heed this warning, Siphan said “Shut it down, very simple. Expel them”.
“We wish to see diversity of ideas, but we are one nation and must be all together,” he added.
Ouk Kimseng, spokesman for the Ministry of Information, supported Siphan's comments. “Any article or writing that leads to destabilisation might face these consequences,” he said, defining “destabilisation” as anything that incites or lures people to commit a crime.
The threats to media outlets were met with alarm by democracy advocates. Neb Sinthay, director of the Advocacy and Policy Institute, said these comments are a “big concern”.
“I don't believe the professional media harms the country . . . in general, they serve the best interest of society,” said Sinthay.
“Cambodia is really restricted for freedom of expression . . . we are worried about the human rights aspect,” he added.
His concerns were echoed by Wan-Hea Lee, of the UN Office for the High Commissioner for Human Rights. “Any measures to censure or arbitrarily shut down media outlets would be inconsistent with Cambodian laws and policies,” she said.
“With respect to the comment regarding foreign-funded media outlets, it should be noted that the Press Law allows foreigners to own Khmer-language newspapers,” Lee added.
Representatives from the US Embassy declined to comment, as did VOD director Nop Vy and Jeevita Sun, senior editor at RFA. The US provides direct funding to VOA and RFA.
Microsoft yesterday confirmed that a single superfluous character in its own development code is responsible for the bug that has let hackers exploit Internet Explorer (IE) since early July.
A pair of German researchers who analyzed a vulnerability in a Microsoft-made ActiveX control came to the same conclusion three weeks ago.
"The bug is simply a typo," Michael Howard, a principal security program manager in Microsoft's security engineering and communications group, said in a post Tuesday to the Security Development Lifecycle (SDL) blog. Howard, who is probably best known for co-authoring Writing Secure Code, went on to say that the typo -- an errant "&" character -- is the "core issue" in the MSVidCtl ActiveX control.
That video-streaming control was created by Microsoft using a modified version of an older edition of a code "library," dubbed Active Template Library (ATL), that Microsoft admitted Tuesday contained multiple vulnerabilities. Also on Tuesday, Microsoft patched Visual Studio, the company's development platform that contains ATL. Those patches, however, do not automatically fix software that was developed using the buggy ATL. Instead, vendors -- Microsoft as well as third-party firms -- must use the patched Visual Studio to recompile their code, then distribute the new, secure software to users.
Howard said that the bug in the MSVidCtl ActiveX control was introduced by an internal version of ATL, not one that was available to outside developers.
Others at Microsoft drew a direct line between the ATL bug Howard described to the public exploits hackers have been using for much of this month, including drive-by attacks conducted from thousands of compromised Web sites.
"This public exploit took advantage of the fact that MSVidCtl uses a modified version of vulnerable ATL headers," said Fermin Serna, an engineer in the Microsoft Security Research Center (MSRC), in a blog post earlier Tuesday. "In this specific instance, the vulnerability allows an attacker to corrupt memory which may lead to a remote code execution," added Serna.
Judson Phillips, the head of Tea Party Nation, yesterday attacked President Obama for announcing the death of Osama bin Laden during Donald Trump's Celebrity Apprentice and for not wrapping his corpse in pig fat. According to Phillips, Obama only ordered the raid on bin Laden's compound to benefit his reelection campaign.
Now, the Tea Party leader claims that the “Obama regime” has “managed to totally FUBAR the situation” because of conspiracy theories emerging (predominantly on the right) about bin Laden's death. The White House is weighing the release of a photo of bin Laden's corpse, after they promptly buried the body at sea to deprive his adherents of a shrine.
Phillips says that the Obama administration's successful raid and killing of bin Laden, and its management of the aftermath, represents Obama's ineptitude. While he does not believe the conspiracies, he blames Obama for their materialization:
Composite hemp materials keep popping up in the coolest of places. Few things, if any take it to the extreme like this Saietta R electric motorcycle. First debuted back in 2011 the Saietta R is hitting American shores in 2014. The Saietta R is crazy fast taking only 3 seconds to reach 60 mph from a standing start. Helping to keep this monster as environmentally sustainable as is possible are deflector panels made of hemp, kenaf, jute and cellulose. These new body panels are also recyclable creating even less impact than your average street machine. There is also plenty of range at 120 miles, with an additional 12 mile reserve. One of the coolest features has to be the personalized throttle response allowing riders to create their own custom response settings.
TWITTER SHARE on Google+
Few days back I got tagged with this challenge by. And because I somehow liked the idea (maybe because I usually don't draw many angry dragons?) I joined. The task was simply - catch your character really angry or in rage.Done in sketchy style, maybe I'll realize how to draw that lovely sketches like others can...I wonder what drived Sam angry like that O.o it's really rare to see her like... this o.o maybe... that uncooperating OpenGL fog I was working on to my semester task? XDused: graphite pencilsize: A5hmmm... who should I tag? I chose some people who came to my mind that I would like to see their version :] of course, it's your choice to join... aaaand, maybe even you? :3 feel free to try it too and show me the result ^^
Google streetview car images have caught many of the public in compromising situations before so be warned- they have been spotted operating in Dublin today.
The internet giant has specially adapted vehicles to take 360 degrees panoramic views at a height of 2.5-3m.
Overlapping photographs are taken and “stitched” together to provide a searchable view-type image.
When Streetview was first launched in the US in 2007, several computers were packed into the back of a vehicle and cameras, laser and a GPS device was stuck on top.
The service first recorded street views of Ireland in 2010.
A spokeswoman for Google confirmed streetview cars were out and about snapping new images for their maps today in Dublin.
“We aim to keep our imagery as fresh and up to date as possible, which improves the usefulness and accuracy of our maps.”
However, the company would not say how often they update their maps which now cover more than 3000 cities.
On each of these vehicles there are nine directional cameras for 360 degree panoramic views at a height of less than 3 meters.
Have you seen Google streetview cars in Dublin today? If so let us know and send images of them to news@irishtimes.com.
The US today branded Iran's elite revolutionary guards as a supporter of terrorism as it imposed the toughest sanctions on Tehran since the Islamist revolution of 1979.
The al-Quds unit within the guards corps is accused of providing powerful bomb-making equipment to fighters in Iraq that has led to the deaths of US soldiers. The revolutionary guards as a whole, which have business interests ranging from newspapers to cars, were branded "proliferators of weapons of mass destruction" in reference to its alleged role in developing nuclear weapons.
Three major state-owned Iranian banks, which Washington claims help fund Tehran's alleged support for the Taliban in Afghanistan, Shia militants in Iraq, and Hamas and Hizbullah, are also targeted.
The unprecedented sanctions, which also target the country's defence ministry, will cut off more than 20 Iranian entities, including individuals and companies owned or controlled by the revolutionary guards.
The secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice, said today: "What this means is that no US citizen or a private organisation will be allowed to engage in financial transactions with these persons and entities."
"These actions will help to protect the international financial system from the illicit activities of the Iranian government. They will provide a powerful deterrent to every international bank and company that thinks of doing business with the Iranian government."
Ms Rice said the US was "fully committed to a diplomatic solution with Iran" and had "no conflict" with the Iranian people.
But she added: "Unfortunately the Iranian government continues to spurn our offer of open negotiations, instead threatening peace and security by pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon, building dangerous ballistic missiles, supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories, and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israeli off the map."
The treasury secretary, Hank Paulson, told reporters in Washington that Iran channels millions of dollars each year to terrorists. "It is increasingly likely that if you are doing business with Iran you are doing business with [the revolutionary guards]," Mr Paulson said.
He said the measures were intended to prevent "one of the world's worst regimes from acquiring the world's most dangerous weapons".
A senior Iranian MP denounced the sanctions, which are believed to be the first ever imposed by the US against the armed forces of another state, as a "strategic mistake".
Kazem Jalali, spokesman for the Iranian parliament's foreign affairs and security commission, told AFP: "The revolutionary guards is an official force in Iran and it is clear that labelling them terrorists is interfering in the domestic affairs of a sovereign nation."
He added: "If things are seen this way then most of the US forces who are doing operations in different parts of the world and hurting innocent people are terrorists.
"This will make the wall of distrust between Iran and the United States higher every day and will close down dialogue."
Britain said it supported the US action. A Foreign Office spokesman said: "We are prepared to lead the way to a third resolution of sanctions, and at the same time support tougher European Union sanctions."
Summary: Researchers report concussion can accelerate Alzheimer's symptoms in people with a genetic risk for the disease.
Source: Boston University Medical Center.
New research has found concussions accelerate Alzheimer's disease-related brain atrophy and cognitive decline in people who are at genetic risk for the condition.
The findings, which appear in the journal Brain, show promise for detecting the influence of concussion on neurodegeneration.
Moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury is one of the strongest environmental risk factors for developing neurodegenerative diseases such as late-onset Alzheimer's disease, although it is unclear whether mild traumatic brain injury or concussion also increases this risk.
Researchers from Boston University School of Medicine (BUSM) studied 160 Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans, some who had suffered one or more concussions and some who had never had a concussion. Using MRI imaging, the thickness of their cerebral cortex was measured in seven regions that are the first to show atrophy in Alzheimer's disease, as well as seven control regions.
“We found that having a concussion was associated with lower cortical thickness in brain regions that are the first to be affected in Alzheimer's disease,” explained corresponding author Jasmeet Hayes, PhD, assistant professor of psychiatry at BUSM and research psychologist at the National Center for PTSD, VA Boston Healthcare System. “Our results suggest that when combined with genetic factors, concussions may be associated with accelerated cortical thickness and memory decline in Alzheimer's disease relevant areas.”
Of particular note was that these brain abnormalities were found in a relatively young group, with the average age being 32 years old. “These findings show promise for detecting the influence of concussion on neurodegeneration early in one's lifetime, thus it is important to document the occurrence and subsequent symptoms of a concussion, even if the person reports only having their “bell rung” and is able to shake it off fairly quickly, given that when combined with factors such as genetics, the concussion may produce negative long-term health consequences,” said Hayes.
The researchers hope that others can build upon these findings to find the precise concussion-related mechanisms that accelerate the onset of neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's disease, chronic traumatic encephalopathy, Parkinson's and others. “Treatments may then one day be developed to target those mechanisms and delay the onset of neurodegenerative pathology,” she added.
About this Alzheimer's disease research article
Funding: Funding for this study was provided by a VA SPiRe award I21RX001594, NIMH grant R21MH102834, and the Translational Research Center for TBI and Stress Disorders (TRACTS), a VA Rehabilitation Research and Development National Network Research Center (B9254-C).
Source: Gina DiGravio – Boston University Medical Center
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is in the public domain.
Original Research: Abstract for “Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with reduced cortical thickness in those at risk for Alzheimer's disease” by Jasmeet P. Hayes, Mark W. Logue, Naomi Sadeh, Jeffrey M. Spielberg, Mieke Verfaellie, Scott M. Hayes, Andrew Reagan, David H. Salat, Erika J. Wolf, Regina E. McGlinchey, William P. Milberg, Annjanette Stone, Steven A. Schichman, andMark W. Miller in Brain. Published online January 11 2017 doi:10.1093/brain/aww344
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago Boston University Medical Center “Link Between Concussion and Alzheimer's Disease.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 12 January 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-concussion-neurology-5925/>. Boston University Medical Center (2017, January 12). Link Between Concussion and Alzheimer's Disease. NeuroscienceNew. Retrieved January 12, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-concussion-neurology-5925/ Boston University Medical Center “Link Between Concussion and Alzheimer's Disease.” http://neurosciencenews.com/alzheimers-concussion-neurology-5925/ (accessed January 12, 2017).
Abstract
Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with reduced cortical thickness in those at risk for Alzheimer's disease
Moderate-to-severe traumatic brain injury is one of the strongest environmental risk factors for the development of neurodegenerative diseases such as late-onset Alzheimer's disease, although it is unclear whether mild traumatic brain injury, or concussion, also confers risk. This study examined mild traumatic brain injury and genetic risk as predictors of reduced cortical thickness in brain regions previously associated with early Alzheimer's disease, and their relationship with episodic memory. Participants were 160 Iraq and Afghanistan War veterans between the ages of 19 and 58, many of whom carried mild traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder diagnoses. Whole-genome polygenic risk scores for the development of Alzheimer's disease were calculated using summary statistics from the largest Alzheimer's disease genome-wide association study to date. Results showed that mild traumatic brain injury moderated the relationship between genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease and cortical thickness, such that individuals with mild traumatic brain injury and high genetic risk showed reduced cortical thickness in Alzheimer's disease-vulnerable regions. Among males with mild traumatic brain injury, high genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease was associated with cortical thinning as a function of time since injury. A moderated mediation analysis showed that mild traumatic brain injury and high genetic risk indirectly influenced episodic memory performance through cortical thickness, suggesting that cortical thinning in Alzheimer's disease-vulnerable brain regions is a mechanism for reduced memory performance. Finally, analyses that examined the apolipoprotein E4 allele, post-traumatic stress disorder, and genetic risk for schizophrenia and depression confirmed the specificity of the Alzheimer's disease polygenic risk finding. These results provide evidence that mild traumatic brain injury is associated with greater neurodegeneration and reduced memory performance in individuals at genetic risk for Alzheimer's disease, with the caveat that the order of causal effects cannot be inferred from cross-sectional studies. These results underscore the importance of documenting head injuries even within the mild range as they may interact with genetic risk to produce negative long-term health consequences such as neurodegenerative disease.
“Mild traumatic brain injury is associated with reduced cortical thickness in those at risk for Alzheimer's disease” by Jasmeet P. Hayes, Mark W. Logue, Naomi Sadeh, Jeffrey M. Spielberg, Mieke Verfaellie, Scott M. Hayes, Andrew Reagan, David H. Salat, Erika J. Wolf, Regina E. McGlinchey, William P. Milberg, Annjanette Stone, Steven A. Schichman, andMark W. Miller in Brain. Published online January 11 2017 doi:10.1093/brain/aww344
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
Image copyright PA Image caption Downing Street has insisted it is still confident of a first-phase Brexit deal before next week's summit
Theresa May has been urged not to allow Eurosceptic MPs in her party to "impose their own conditions" on negotiations amid signs of fresh Tory infighting.
Nineteen Tory MPs who back a "soft Brexit" have written to her saying it is "highly irresponsible" for anyone to dictate terms which may scupper a deal.
It follows some Tories backing the DUP's decision to oppose a draft deal on the future of the Irish border.
The PM has spoken to the DUP's Arlene Foster to try to break the deadlock.
The DUP says there is "more work to be done" if it is to agree to plans for the future of the border between Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic after Brexit - a prerequisite for talks to move on to their next phase.
Irish PM Leo Varadkar, who also spoke to Mrs May on Wednesday, said he was willing to consider any new proposals, suggesting the UK might put something forward within the next 24 hours.
And the BBC understands the ambassadors of the 27 EU member states, who received an update from chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier on Wednesday, are "waiting for something from London" in the next 48 hours.
The BBC's Adam Fleming said Mr Barnier and the member states agreed there must be clarity within 48 hours for them to have enough time to consult with their capitals about draft guidelines for phase two of the talks.
At a summit next week, European leaders will decide whether enough progress has been made in the negotiations on Ireland, the UK's "divorce bill" and citizens' rights so far to open trade talks.
In their letter, the 19 MPs - who largely backed Remain in the 2016 referendum - say they support the PM's handling of the negotiations, in particular the "political and practical difficulties" relating to the Irish border.
But they hit out at what they say are attempts by some in their party to paint a no-deal scenario in which the UK failed to agree a trade agreement as "some status quo which the UK simply opts to adopt".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Citizens' rights, the Irish border and money are the three big negotiation points
"We wish to make it clear that we are disappointed yet again that some MPs and others seek to impose their own conditions on these negotiations," the MPs, including former cabinet ministers Stephen Crabb, Dominic Grieve, Anna Soubry and Nicky Morgan - write.
"In particular, it is highly irresponsible to seek to dictate terms which could lead to the UK walking away from these negotiations."
It urges the PM to "take whatever time is necessary" to get the next stage of negotiations right.
On Tuesday, former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith argued the time was fast approaching for the UK to consider walking away from the talks if the EU did not allow negotiators to proceed to the next phase - in which future trade and security relations will take centre stage.
The suggestion of "regulatory alignment" between Northern Ireland and the European Union and any continuing role for the European Court of Justice has also concerned some Eurosceptic Conservative MPs.
On Monday Northern Ireland's Democratic Unionist Party - whose support the PM needs to win key votes at Westminster - objected to draft plans drawn up by the UK and the EU.
The DUP said the proposals, which aimed to avoid a "hard border" by aligning regulations on both sides of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, were not acceptable.
This has left the UK government racing to find an agreement suiting all sides in time for next week's summit.
Image copyright PA Image caption The Irish PM said he was willing to consider any new proposals from the UK
The DUP's deputy leader Nigel Dodds said the Irish government, which has said it wants firm guarantees that a hard border can be avoided, was playing a "dangerous game" with its own economy.
At a press conference with his Dutch counterpart on Wednesday, Irish PM Leo Varadkar insisted he wanted the talks to move beyond consideration of divorce issues to the future.
"Having consulted with people in London, she (Theresa May) wants to come back to us with some text tonight or tomorrow," he said. "I expressed my willingness to consider that."
In a separate development, Chancellor Philip Hammond has suggested the UK could pay the so-called Brexit bill, regardless of whether or not there is a subsequent trade agreement with the EU.
He told MPs on the Treasury Committee he found it "inconceivable" that the UK would "walk away" from its financial obligations as "frankly it would not make us a credible partner for future international agreements".
On the issue of the divorce bill, a No 10 spokesman said the government's position remained that "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed and that applies to the financial settlement".
Reports have suggested the UK has raised its financial offer to a figure of up to 50bn euros (£44bn).
I recently had the pleasure of appearing on HuffPost Live with Marc Lamont Hill to discuss the Michael Brown tragedy and my blog post, "Ferguson and Race From White America's Perspective, If It Switched Places With Black America." During the discussion, Mr. Hill asked me a question that epitomizes the lack of outrage expressed by some Americans over the shooting deaths of Michael Brown, Renisha McBride, Trayvon Martin, and the death by chokehold of Eric Garner:
"Why is it so difficult for white Americans, or the nation as a whole, to internalize black pain?"
There are several reasons for the lack of empathy that Congress (85 percent white and mostly male) as well as the rest of America has shown its fellow black citizens. First, the phrase "white America" and "black America" really aren't entirely accurate, considering that we have a black president with 69 percent of his administration composed of white liberals. The author of this article is white and the vast majority of white people in the U.S. despise the KKK, racist rhetoric like "welfare queens" or the n-word, and other overtly bigoted aspects of our history.
However, one reason it's difficult for any person to truly empathize with another human being, let alone with millions of people, is that empathy requires questioning one's reality. If I put myself completely in the shoes of Trayvon Martin or Michael Brown, or even a black man denied the opportunity to board a taxi cab, I must accept the reality that my world and my America isn't their world and their America. I must also question certain principles that ease my mind, like racism in America is nonexistent, or that my legal system applies to everyone equally and justly. For many citizens, especially certain white conservative voters, such empathy would lead to an emphasis on questioning the status quo, and doing so might also mean facing the prospect of our nation being less than exceptional.
Another reason for such lack of empathy is that empathy inevitable leads to a myriad of unsavory emotions. With empathy comes responsibility and culpability, self-reflection, sometimes guilt, oftentimes anger, and almost always a certain amount of regret; especially if you voted for laws or supported a political system where racial disparities contradict ideals that are dear to your heart. Then there's the issue of simply surviving daily life without the burden of thinking about another American's pain; especially if like many Americans you struggle just to keep your marriage intact, or your kids in college, or simply live another day. For example, the mentality stating, "I've worked hard, stayed out of trouble, and face the daily grind of existence, so why should I care about the suffering of others when life is difficult enough as it is?"
Also, it's difficult to place yourself in the shoes of another person who knows what it feels like to be followed in a convenience store by the owner, or asked if they really want to buy a certain item, or the hundreds of years of inequality that blacks have faced in our history. It's far easier to simply believe that your side is entirely right, your way of seeing the world is just, you work harder than those less fortunate, and that others are responsible entirely for their fate. After all, with everything going on in Ferguson and with all the issues faced by blacks in this country, 50 Cent is now feuding with Floyd Mayweather on the internet, so why should I care if even wealthy black celebrities don't? Why should I care about black America if rappers call black women "bitches" and flaunt a new Lamborghini in videos instead of promoting more positive messages to black youth? Life is difficult, with everyone in the U.S. experience his or her own elevated levels of stress and unhappiness at some point, so adding more stress (in the form of empathy) or discomfort simply isn't preferable to apathy, or overtly blaming others for their fate.
When Jeb Bush said undocumented immigrants cross the border as "an act of love," he not only displayed empathy, but also alluded to the fact that these human beings aren't evil, or blood sucking sponges that bankrupt the country. To many Americans, Jeb Bush's comments showed too much consideration, and far too much empathy, because his sentiment bordered on accusing America of holding some responsibility, or some culpability for the lack of a functioning immigration system. Like the issue of black suffering, it's easier to simply say "they did it to themselves," or "they're lawbreakers" or Michael Brown wasn't an angel so he deserved his fate.
Yet another possible reason many people refuse to empathize with black suffering is tied directly into why Ann Coulter is a bestselling author, or why Sean Hannity cut and ran from Cliven Bundy after calling him a hero, or why Bill O'Reilly would rather blame Beyoncé than read a book on sociology. Bill O'Reilly, the right's culture warrior, speaks to a great many citizens by simplifying the complex issues of racial disparities, as described by his own words in the following Salon.com article:
"Now I submit to you that you're gonna have to get people like Jay-Z, Kanye West, all these gangsta rappers, to knock it off," O'Reilly told Jarrett. "Listen to me, listen to me, listen to me," O'Reilly said while interrupting Jarrett. "You gotta get them where they live. They idolize these guys with the hats on backwards, and the terrible rap lyrics and the drugs and all of that." "I want Michelle Obama to come on this program, right here," O'Reilly intoned. "And I want Michelle Obama to look into that camera and say, 'You teenage girls? Stop having sex. Stop getting pregnant. It's wrong.' Do you think she would?"
So, according to the conservative pundit, African-American teen mothers caused the loss of manufacturing jobs within inner cities, the 27 percent of poverty African-Americans face, the fact that the average black household has a net worth of just over $6,000 compared to over $90,000 for white households, the issue of longer sentences for the same crimes, and a host of other issues unrelated to the sexual habits of teenagers. Of course, you'll never hear from Fox News, Sean Hannity, or Bill O'Reilly that David T. Ellwood, dean of Harvard's Kennedy School of Government, has explained that "less than 10 percent of welfare recipients live in big-city ghettos, so the bulk of the welfare problem cannot be attributed to the demoralizing effects of these communities." It's easier to blame the victim than it is to accept the fact that not everyone has a fair chance at success in America.
Finally, euphemisms like "rush to judgment" and "jump to conclusions" always seem to surround the shooting death of unarmed black people, but never around whether Obamacare will end up working, or if Cliven Bundy is a hero (Sean Hannity quickly abandoned the same man he rushed to judge as a hero), and certainly not before the OJ verdict. Then of course there was the lady in Texas mugged by an Obama supporter in 2008 who who carved a "B" into her face, which was picked up as a legitimate story by conservative sites, but strangely the phrase "let's not rush to judgment" was never used until it was found to be a hoax.
James McClean, far right, looks like he won't be joining Robbie Keane and Kevin Doyle in MLS. Gareth Copley/Getty Images
Republic of Ireland winger James McClean looks set to turn down the chance to move to Major League Soccer, after his club Wigan Athletic accepted an offer from Premier League side West Bromwich Albion for his services, sources have told ESPN.
ESPN sources revealed last month that McClean was weighing up potential offers from MLS sides, as he considered following his international team-mates Robbie Keane [LA Galaxy] and Kevin Doyle [Colorado Rapids] to play in the United States.
Yet it seems as if the lure of the Premier League is too much for 26-year-old McClean to resist, with West Brom manager Tony Pulis keen to snap up the ex-Sunderland winger who is reported to have a proof tag of around ₤1.5 million.
McClean has been something of a controversial figure during his career as he has twice refused to wear a poppy on his shirt to commemorate Remembrance Day in the UK, which is the date set aside to remember those lost in wars around the world.
There has been some debate surrounding McClean's contentious past among West Brom supporters as news of his imminent arrival was circulated, with local newspaper the Express and Star republishing a letter the player sent to Wigan owner Dave Whelan to explain why he refused to wear the poppy on his Latics jersey.
Despite an impassioned plea from a Levin man facing drugs charges, it took a jury little more than two hours to find him guilty on all counts.
William Duffield McKee, known as Billy, was on trial in Palmerston North District Court this week facing four charges of selling small quantities of cannabis to an undercover policeman, and one of cultivating the drug.
McKee, 47, hosts the GreenCross website, which promotes the use of cannabis to treat medical ailments.
He was targeted in Operation Relief between February 2010 and May last year.
When police searched his house on July 8, 2011, they found 66 cannabis plants.
Representing himself, McKee made a plea to the jury to find him not guilty as a means of pushing for a law change.
Several times he was stopped by Judge Barbara Morris when he tried to talk about the benefits of medicinal cannabis use, with the judge reminding him he could talk only about the evidence.
Outside court, he told the Manawatu Standard he was disappointed with the outcome.
McKee said some laws had been changed through juries returning not guilty verdicts and he had hoped that would be the case in this trial.
‘‘We wanted to have a jury trial because we were trying to make the jury aware of their rights of nullification, where if they think a law is unjust they've got a right and obligation to [acquit].''
In her summing-up, Judge Morris reminded jurors they had to put aside their views on drug use.
‘‘It's for an elected parliament to make the laws and change the law. It's for the courts to apply them.''
Crown prosecutor Andrea Read made a similar pitch.‘‘This trial is not about reforming the cannabis laws in New Zealand,'' she said.
McKee sold small amounts of cannabis and hemp oil, which is a legal product, to an undercover constable using an assumed name that is suppressed.
The constable said he suffered from migraines and got in touch with McKee through the GreenCross website.
Judge Morris said there were no problems with the police's undercover tactics. McKee told the jury he felt sorry for the undercover constable and tried to help him.
‘‘He was begging, he was pleading, he was really making me feel bad about what I thought was a potential brain tumour coming on,'' McKee said.
He said he used cannabis to reduce the effects of post traumatic stress disorder and nerve damage to his amputated right leg.
He has been remanded on bail until sentencing next month.
NEW YORK -- Mike Trout and Bryce Harper were teammates on the Scottsdale Scorpions last fall. The outfielders arrived in the major leagues on the same April day this year, both played in the All-Star Game and they won Rookie of the Year awards a half-hour apart Monday, the vanguard of baseball's next generation.
The 21-year-old Trout was a unanimous pick as the youngest AL rookie winner, and the 20-year-old Harper edged Arizona pitcher Wade Miley 112 points to 105 to become the second-youngest winner of the NL honor.
"It's pretty neat," said Trout, the son of former Minnesota minor leaguer Jeff Trout.
For the first time, players learned the voting results when they were announced on television.
"My heart was beating a little bit," Harper said.
Trout, who turned 21 on Aug. 7, received all 28 first-place votes from the AL panel of the Baseball Writers' Association of America. The Los Angeles Angels center fielder was the eighth unanimous AL pick and the first since Tampa Bay's Evan Longoria in 2008.
There could be more to come, too. Trout is among five finalists for AL MVP and is considered the chief challenger to Triple Crown winner Miguel Cabrera for that award, which will be announced Thursday.
"It would just top it off," Trout said.
Trout hit .326, second-best in the league to Cabrera's .330, with 30 homers and 83 RBIs, and he led the majors with 129 runs and 49 steals. He joined Ted Williams, Mel Ott and Alex Rodriguez as the only players to hit .320 or higher with 30 or more homers in seasons they started as a 20-year-old.
Trout received the maximum 140 points. Oakland outfielder Yoenis Cespedes was second with 63, followed by Texas pitcher Yu Darvish (46), who joined Trout as the only players listed on every ballot.
Detroit second baseman Lou Whitaker had been the youngest AL winner in 1978, but he was 3 months, 5 days older than Trout on the day he took home the award.
In addition to Trout and Longoria, the only other unanimous AL winners were Nomar Garciaparra, Derek Jeter, Tim Salmon, Sandy Alomar Jr., Mark McGwire and Carlton Fisk.
Trout's father made it to Double-A as an infielder with the Twins in the mid-1980s and watched his son build a career growing up in New Jersey, where the seasons are short and cold.
"He went out and did it and endured it," Jeff Trout said.
Added mom Debbie: "All the hard work paid off."
Pardew safe after Newcastle hand boss vote of confidence despite disappointing season
Newcastle United manager Alan Pardew has been given assurances that his job is safe after a series of meetings with owner Mike Ashley and has now jetted off for holiday.
Pardew met sportswear billionaire Ashley for clear-the-air talks following Newcastle's poor season which ended with a 16th place finish.
Although sympathetic to the injury crisis which enveloped the Newcastle squad throughout the campaign, Ashley and managing director Derek Llambias were disappointed with the lack of progress in the Barclays Premier League and another season without a trophy.
Pointing the way: Alan Pardew's job is safe as Newcastle manager despite finishing 16th in the Premier League
The Newcastle board, who invested heavily in French players recommended by chief scout Graham Carr in January, have a new set of summer targets, and have taken some responsibility for the club's failure to land better, and more players a year ago in the wake of their fifth place finish.
Rumours about Pardew's future have circulated on social media sites over the last three days, with many supporters calling for a change of regime. The club's decision not to make an official statement on the matter only fuelled rumours that Pardew had in fact been sacked.
Pardew is now the second longest-serving manager in the Premier League at two-and-a-half years following Tony Pulis' exit from Stoke City. And he will be expected to make a better start to next season, with a handful of new additions from the summer transfer window.
All smiles: But Newcastle owner Mike Ashley met Pardew for clear-the-air talks after the poor season
Newcastle have however distanced themselves from a move for former striker Andy Carroll whose fee and wages remain outside the Newcastle transfer policy.
Meanwhile France international Mathieu Debuchy, one of the January signings, has admitted the last season was disappointing.
The full-back said: 'It's not been good enough for a team such as Newcastle United to do what we did in the last campaign and everyone knows that. We will do better next time.
'There is a determination within the squad to improve next season. We want to do a lot better.'
Betterment, a “robo-adviser” MBA start-up deploying algorithms to aid investors, has raised $100 million of equity — valuating it at $700 million.
Jon Stein founded Betterment in 2008, a year into an MBA degree at New York's Columbia Business School.
“Our goal is to become the central financial relationship for our clients,” the chief executive said.
Automated investment start-ups have blossomed in the US with costs that are considered just a fraction of what a human investment manager would charge. Betterment has around $4 billion in assets under management.
The new fundraising, led by Kinnevik, a Stockholm investment group that has backed Zalando and Rocket Internet, pushes up Betterment's valuation from $440 million.
Betterment is part of a wave of fintech ventures securing multi-million dollar valuations to have come out of top global business schools. These include TransferWise and Zopa of INSEAD, SoFi and Nutmeg of Stanford Graduate School of Business, and WorldRemit of London Business School.
“A number of students are launching start-ups in fintech, from peer-to-peer lending to 'robo-advisers',” Antoinette Schoar, professor of entrepreneurial finance, at MIT Sloan School of Management, told BusinessBecause.
Robo-advising usually sees investors fill out online forms detailing their risk appetite. Software then creates a portfolio and automatically rebalances it with the aim of maximising profit.
Deloitte, the professional services firm, estimates that algorithms could secure assets under management of $7 trillion by 2025, up from around $100 billion today.
Arizona Republican Governor Doug Ducey announced on Wednesday that he has appointed politically-independent Phoenix attorney Clint Bolick to the Arizona Supreme Court.
Bolick, who co-founded the Institute for Justice and who has held the position of vice president for litigation at the Goldwater Institute since 2007, once mounted an unsuccessful campaign for a California General Assembly seat under the Libertarian Party's banner in 1980.
Gov. Ducey said in a statement on the appointment, “Clint is nationally renowned and respected as a constitutional law scholar and as a champion of liberty. He brings extensive experience and expertise, an unwavering regard for the rule of law and a firm commitment to the state and citizens of Arizona. I'm confident Clint will serve impartially and honorably in this important role.”
[RELATED: Former N.M. Gov. Gary Johnson Launches Bid for Libertarian Presidential Nomination]
Bolick told The Arizona Republic that he “will not shy away from very vigorously enforcing the precious liberties that are contained in the Constitution.”
Reason's Damon Root wrote, “It's no exaggeration to describe Clint Bolick as one of the central figures behind the rise and success of today's libertarian legal movement. Bolick's legal theories and litigation strategies—some of which were crafted decades ago—are used in courtrooms around the country. His training and mentoring of numerous young lawyers, meanwhile, including top litigators who now work at places like the Institute for Justice, the Goldwater Institute, and the Pacific Legal Foundation, pays dividends with every legal victory. When it comes to libertarian legal activism, Bolick's fingerprints are everywhere.”
[RELATED: DONEGAN: If GOP Debate Stage Can Fit 11, Let Third Parties In General Election Debates]
A video of Bolick's swearing-in ceremony was posted to Gov. Dusey's Twitter account on Wednesday.
Gov. Dusey's appointment marks the first time in history that an independent has been appointed to the Arizona Supreme Court and the second time that a governor has appointed someone from a different political party. Bolick is Gov. Dusey's first appointment to the Arizona Supreme Court since he has taken office.
According to The Washington Post, Bolick will stand for a retention election in two years, and, if he prevails, he will face continuing retention elections every six years.
This update is provided for media and general public.
The SMM obtained very limited access to the crash site of Malaysia Airlines MH17, which came down on 17 July near Hrabove (79 km east of Donetsk). There were dead bodies at the scene, marked, but exposed to the elements. No process of debris collection was observed. Some of the 'Donetsk People's Republic's‘ guards were visibly intoxicated and aggressive.
The situation in parts of Luhansk and Donetsk regions remained tense with on-going fighting around the city of Luhansk. While patrolling the city centre of Luhansk, close to the occupied building of the Regional Administration, the SMM heard the sound of a shell hitting a garage, located about 200 metres away. Within two minutes the SMM arrived at the scene and found one man killed lying on the pavement; the garage and a car were totally demolished.
On 17 July, the SMM met with four members of Luhansk emergency first aid brigade. They reported that the day before, the first aid team responded to a call after firing in Luhansk had taken place, but before they were even able to see the patients, firing resumed and they had to run to a basement. One paramedic was injured by shrapnel. The doctors said that in June and July alone there were 250 killed and 850 wounded in the Luhansk region. The doctors also informed that on 16 July alone three persons were killed and 30 were wounded in Luhansk city. This last number does not include civilians killed in close vicinity of combat zones outside of the city and causalities among combatants. They also claimed that increasingly more people were being killed by booby traps and mines.
The SMM visited Pokrovske checkpoint held by the Ukrainian army (approximately 103km south-east of Dnipropetrovsk) close to the boundary with the Donetsk region. According to information obtained by SMM, Special Police Units (OMON) have been deployed in the area, the checkpoint has been recently reinforced and the Ukrainian army personnel presence has increased.
The situation in Kherson was calm.
The SMM visited the Kyiv District Court of Odessa, which had been evacuated the same day due to a hoax bomb alert. The SMM was informed that this was already the second incident of this kind, the first taking place on 24 June. Of note, during the past weeks various institutions and facilities in Odessa were subject to bomb threats.
A representative of the Border Guard in Chernivtsi informed the SMM that at present approximately 200 border guards from the region were deployed in the east, to provide security at the border with the Russian Federation. Their rotation is envisaged between the end of July and first weeks of August.
The situation in Ivano-Frankivsk was calm.
The SMM in Lviv monitored in the evening of 17 July the collection of food and other goods for soldiers deployed in Donbas. The event was organised by Lviv volunteers. The SMM noticed 25 carton boxes (approx. 20-25 kg size each) containing various supplies.
The SMM continued to monitor the protest launched on 17 July by the relatives of Ukrainian military members currently deployed in Donbas. The protestors have been demanding faster troop rotations and the provision of necessary supplies and equipment for troops. At approximately 13:00 on 18 July, around 30 protesters blocked the main road to Kyiv near the village of Hamaliyivka (14 km north-east of Lviv). The Chief of the Regional Police Department and the Deputy Governor were seen at the scene negotiating with the protestors.
Approximately 10 policemen were present. Passenger vehicles could bypass the blockade using a village road; however, trucks and buses queued in a long line extending approximately 1 km on both sides of the blockade.
The sitaution in Kyiv was calm.
MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - Democrat Al Franken, a satirist turned politician, was declared the winner of a Senate seat in Minnesota on Tuesday, clearing the way for President Barack Obama's party to secure a critical 60-seat majority in the Senate.
Democrat Al Franken (R) is pictured speaking to reporters outside his home in Minneapolis, as former Senator Norm Coleman meets with the media at his home in St. Paul, in a combination image, June 30, 2009. REUTERS/Eric Miller-R/Andy King-L
Ending one of the longest Senate races ever, the Minnesota Supreme Court unanimously rejected each of Republican Norm Coleman's five legal arguments that an earlier recount of the November 4 vote had been unfair. Coleman quickly conceded.
Franken will become the 58th Senate Democrat, the most the party has had since 1981. Two independents routinely vote with the Democrats, giving the party the 60 votes needed to clear Republican procedural hurdles known as filibusters.
However, the party has traditionally had trouble ensuring all its members vote the same way. They will also need to rely on Arlen Specter, a former Republican from Pennsylvania who switched parties in April who has said he will vote his own way and not necessarily along party lines.
“A lot is being made of me being the 60th member of the Democratic caucus. That's not how I see it,” Franken said. “I'm going to Washington to be the second senator from Minnesota.”
The Minnesota court, in its 32-page ruling, said Coleman had failed to show there was anything wrong with the standards used to reject absentee ballots that he wanted counted.
“I thought we had a better case, but the court has spoken,” Coleman said outside his St. Paul, Minnesota, home. “I'll abide by the results. There will be no further litigation.”
Republican Governor Tim Pawlenty said in a statement he would sign the election certificate immediately, allowing Franken, a former writer and actor for the popular Saturday Night Live television show, to join the Senate, likely next week.
After creating such characters as sad-sack self-help guru Stuart Smalley on Saturday Night Live, Franken agitated against conservatives on his nationally syndicated radio show and in a series of books that included “Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right.”
As a campaigner, however, he maintained serious demeanor, and said he will focus on issues such as health care reform, education and energy policy.
“I really will be catching up,” he acknowledged. “I'll hit the ground, if not running, trotting.”
Related Coverage Republican Coleman ends fight for Senate seat
“I'm just glad it's over. Enough taxpayer money has been spent,” said Joseph Grevious, 30, a neighbor of Franken's who joined the crowd outside the senator-elect's condominium.
Both Obama and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid extended a hand to the 58-year-old Franken, who had never run for public office and grew up in Minnesota.
“The Senate looks forward to welcoming Senator-elect Franken as soon as possible,” Reid said.
SEE-SAW RACE
Minnesota's vote count was the subject of recounts and legal battles.
Coleman, seeking a second term, held a razor-thin 206-vote lead in initial results after the November 4 election.
But the close vote triggered an automatic recount of the 2.4 million ballots cast for the two men, and Franken edged to a 225-vote lead. That was challenged by Coleman and a judicial panel agreed to add only a few hundred previously rejected absentee ballots. That tally expanded Franken's lead to 312.
Pawlenty, considered a possible presidential contender in 2012, previously announced he would not run for governor again next year, which clears an avenue for Coleman to run for the post.
“That's a decision for another day,” Coleman said.
The last time either party had a filibuster-proof 60 senators was 1979 when Democrats held 61 and Democratic Jimmy Carter was president. Democrats also control the House of Representatives, 256 to 178 with one vacancy.
There is no guarantee Senate Democrats would all fall in line to pass Obama's top initiatives, and the Democratic president knows it.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“I am under no illusions that suddenly I'm going to have a rubber-stamp Senate,” Obama said in April after Specter switched parties.
The Franken-Coleman duel was the longest contested Senate election since a 1974 New Hampshire race, which was voided 10 months later due to voting irregularities, according to the Senate historian's office.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
[UPDATE] Following the publication of this story, BioWare Austin officially announced the cancellation of Shadow Realms. The developer will now focus its efforts on other projects, but mostly PC MMO Star Wars: The Old Republic, BioWare Austin general manager Jeff Hickman explains in a statement posted on the game's website. You can read his full statement below.
"Today I'm sharing some important news about Shadow Realms and our BioWare Austin studio.
We've made the decision to not move forward with development of Shadow Realms. We fully recognize that this news is disappointing to some of our fans, so I want to explain more behind this decision.
While the team did amaze work on the game concept and we got lots of great feedback from our fans at events and through other game testing, right now there are other projects for the team to work on within the BioWare studios for the coming year and beyond. We've got an incredibly talented team here at the Austin studio, and they are excited and already deep on new projects within the BioWare family, ones that will make some great BioWare games even better.
These include additional ongoing enhancements to the award-winning Dragon Age: Inquisition, as well as the next game in the Mass Effect series and other new IP.
But the biggest focus for our team in BioWare Austin will be on Star Wars: The Old Republic. As every Star Wars fan knows, this is a massive year in the Star Wars universe. We have some great plans for expanding this epic game this year, and look forward to sharing the news about those plans with our players in the coming weeks.
For all the people that registered for the Shadow Realms Closed Alpha, we're working on a way to say thank-you for signing up. To all those players that gave us feedback at Gamescom and PAX, and those that shared their thoughts and impressions in the past months, we thank you for being part of the conversation."
The original story is below.
Following a report last month that claimed BioWare's 4v1 PC online game Shadow Realms had been rebooted for Xbox One and PlayStation 4, sources told Game Informer today that the title has been canceled outright.
Multiple sources at publisher Electronic Arts said the game is no longer in the works, though it's unclear as to why the game has been shut down or if there will be layoffs as a result.
EA declined to comment when approached by Game Informer.
The game, which was announced during Gamescom less than a year ago, was in development at Star Wars: The Old Republic developer BioWare Austin.
Set in a modern fantasy world, Shadow Realms was described as an "online-only" RPG that would offer cooperative 4v1 gameplay. Four players can fight against an enemy known as the Shadowlord, or you can play as the Shadowlord.
"This game brings us back to our roots in the realm of classic Pen and Paper RPG, but also delivers something that's completely new and innovative for our fans," Hickman said at the time. "Shadow Realms is a new BioWare RPG that has the hallmarks of all BioWare games with a rich story, a unique world setting, and deep combat progression, but built as an interactive experience that evolves the genre and broadens the appeal to online gamers all over the world."
We'll have more information about the fate of Shadow Realms as it becomes available.
US Women's Overseas Service in World War I
Photograph of Women's Troop Train Service parade - n.d. Image courtesy of Missouri History Museum
With the entry of the United States into World War I in April 1917, women mobilized to show their service to the nation just as men did. At home women formed the front line of food and resource conservation, they volunteered for the Red Cross and other war relief organizations, and worked in war-related capacities. However, this essay focuses on another part of female war service, namely their overseas service. World War I marked the first major mobilization of American women in Europe in U.S. History. More than sixteen thousand women served as part of the AEF in sex-segregated environments in non-combat roles.1 thousand women worked stateside in the armed services (army, navy and marines) in order to free up men for war. Hundreds more traveled to France to work for other organizations related to the war, for newspapers, for relief societies, or as office staff for wartime agencies. If the First World War was a coming of age moment for the United States and its male citizens, it served a similar role for many American women. This essay briefly outlines four kinds of war service for women in World War I: military auxiliaries, hospitality staff, war relief, and medical work.
One of the most visible ways that women participated during the war was as auxiliaries in the American Expeditionary Forces (AEF). This was waged work, so it attracted women interested in serving but without the means to fund voluntary war service. Women wore uniforms that complemented soldier's garb, but that retained a “feminine” look. Many of the women worked as drivers and cooks, but they also did clerical work and other necessary tasks. Some came with considerable experience in dietetics or nutrition, while others had served welfare organizations in the United States prior to the war. A specialized group that emerged from the needs of the Army in 1918 was the “Hello Girls,” who trained as telephone operators for the Army Signal Corps. Thousands applied for these positions, and several hundred completed the necessary training and served overseas in this capacity.2
Many women also travelled to France and Italy with American forces in order to serve in hospitals as doctors, nurses, orderlies, aides, and drivers. Ernest Hemingway's well-known novel, A Farewell to Arms, discusses one such nurse working in Italy, but women performed a number of roles in the medical field, including serving as occupational and physical therapists. While some worked for other charities or foreign medical missions, the majority of US women in medical occupations during the war worked under the auspices of the American Red Cross and its affiliates. The Army needed doctors, so a number of trained female physicians worked as contract surgeons for the US Army. Esther E. Leonard, a 26-year-old woman who finished her medical training in St. Louis just as the United States was entering the war, was hired as an anesthetist (contract surgeon) for the Army in 1918. Leonard worked first for a hospital stateside, but she was quickly transferred to an AEF unit in France, where she remained into the immediate postwar period. Leonard describes the shock of what she saw in a brief poem from October 1918, noting that she is glad to relieve men of their “Chamber of Horrors” with soothing drugs, such as morphine, cocaine, and ether.3 For Leonard, as well as many other doctors, the horrors they saw only reinforced the important work they were doing for their nation and for humanity.
Women also trained as nurses, aides, and drivers for units such as the American Women's Hospital services.4 Some women worked for foreign hospitals prior to the US entry into the war, but after 1917, the largest number of nurses were employed by the Army Nurse Corps. Roughly ten thousand women served overseas in this organization during and immediately after the war.5 One interesting area where women were recruited for service was in the emerging job known as a “Reconstruction Aide.” This was a program where women learned to care for soldiers recuperating from war injuries. The RAs specialized in massage, physical therapy, occupational therapy, and speech therapy. These women used handicrafts to help men heal, so they taught weaving, woodworking, carving, and sewing to help men relearn their motor skills.6
For women without medical training, another possibility was to serve was in canteens that were established for US soldiers behind the fronts. These canteens were sponsored and built by voluntary organizations hoping to provide wholesome recreation for the men. Female entertainers made the circuit of these recreation huts, performing popular songs, dancing with soldiers, and doing theatrical pieces. In addition, organizations recruited all-American girls to serve food, play board games, maintain libraries, write letters, and otherwise distract the soldiers in “good” ways. The most popular of these organizations was the YMCA, which sponsored facilities for US soldiers. While the YMCA and other agencies technically served both white and black troops, their facilities were segregated and few black women were approved for service overseas. So while nearly six thousand women served in the canteen industry, only a handful were African-American.7 Most of the American canteen workers served late in the war in 1918 or during the armistice period when large numbers of soldiers awaited demobilization.
M. Keeley was one such worker who arrived in France right at the time of the armistice. As a young woman YMCA worker from Missouri, she reported that the women who served in the Y huts worked hard. She describes a variety of tasks from cooking, cleaning, and hosting events to the heart-breaking tasks of talking with soldiers who were homesick, ill or mourning. Keeley also points to one of the eye-opening parts of women's overseas service, their exposure to a rougher life. She is horrified by some of the soldiers' profanity and even before leaving the United States for France, she notes the shocking sight of young women smoking.8 Another volunteer driver for the American Fund for French Wounded, Amy Owen Bradley, remembered the way the French people stared at her. Few had seen a uniformed woman driving a car!9 For women serving overseas, the experience could be exhilarating and frightening at the same time. They felt a sense of purpose and service to nation, but they also comment on the adventure of their lives – dancing, meeting men, seeing the world. For many it changed their outlooks.
Early in the war, even before the United States entered, some women served in Europe in war relief and aid roles. By 1918, the numbers of females engaged in such aid had risen to several thousand. The war relief took a variety of forms, from the creation of maternity hospitals for French civilians to work with refugee populations to the rebuilding of devastated villages. Some women even worked among enemy prisoners of war. For instance, the National World War I Museum in Kansas City possesses a lovely thank-you banner created for female relief worker, Eleanor McGee, which was signed in German by POWs in France.10 Two of the major war relief societies that relief on female labor were the American Fund for French Wounded, founded by Anne Morgan the wealthy daughter of banker J. P. Morgan, and the American Friends Service Committee (Quaker). One such woman in Missouri, Laura Birkhead, found herself doing work with Belgian and French refugees in the latter part of the war. After corresponding with a friend in Neosho, Birkhead collected materials from a club of Neosho women who sent clothing and other needed supplies to Birkhead for distribution to civilians in need.11 Such impromptu charitable endeavors were not unusual in the First World War, and women spearheaded small projects to help war victims well into the 1920s.
CONCLUSION
Women employed in all varieties of war work found themselves still in Europe after the armistice. Auxiliaries remained in France into 1919, and for the war relief societies, the end of the war brought even more opportunity and need for volunteers. Quaker relief, for instance, continued well into the interwar period, and more women traveled to Europe to help feed children in countries devastated by war. Medical personnel also remained to work with soldiers needing rehabilitation. Some women found themselves travelling overseas after the war for a sadder service, namely to visit the memorials, graves, and sites of conflict where their sons, brothers, husbands, and fathers died. The Gold Star Mothers, an organization for the women who had “sacrificed” their sons, organized pilgrimages for women to visit the battlefields and to mourn their dead.12
Political and military figures as well as the popular media celebrated women's wartime service, and several women received commendations or citations for heroism. Helen Day, a Red Cross canteen worker and hospital aid from St. Louis, was cited for bravery (along with the rest of her unit in France), when they experienced an enemy bombardment. Other US medical personnel received foreign honors, especially from US allies such as France, Belgium, and Britain. A few women died from enemy action, but most deaths of women in service were attributed to disease, especially during the influenza epidemic. Yet despite women's overseas actions, their heroism, and the celebration in the media of their work, most authorities continued to view women's wartime service as an aberration. Women who returned were urged to settle down and return to their domestic sphere.
What the First World War did for women is hard to put into concrete terms. Certainly the war provided new opportunities for women to serve the nation, and the creation of female veteran's organizations speak to this function. The war also helped legitimize the women's suffrage legislation making it through the ratification process in 1918, as men vocally supported the important part women had taken in the war. Women's vote on equal terms with men helped validate their claim to citizenship in the nation. Finally, the war established a precedent—a test, if you will—of women's capacity to serve overseas. Their success in World War I meant that a new generation of women would be called to work for the wartime nation in even larger numbers in the Second World War.
1Susan Zeiger, In Uncle Sam's Service: Women Workers with the American Expeditionary Force, 1917-1919 (Ithaca: Cornell University Press, 1999), 2.
2Lettie Gavin, American Women in World War I: They Also Served (Boulder: University Press of Colorado, 1997), 78-79.
3Esther E. Leonard collection, Missouri Over There, http://missourioverthere.blogspot.com/
4Kimberly Jensen, Mobilizing Minerva: American Women in the First World War (Urbana: University of Illinois Press, 2008), 107-113.
5Zeiger, In Uncle Sam's Service, 107.
6Tammy M. Proctor, Civilians in a World at War, 1914-1918 (New York: New York University Press, 2010), 153-154.
7Zeiger, In Uncle Sam's Service, 52-53.
8M. Keeley collection, Missouri Over There, http://missourioverthere.blogspot.com/
9Amy Own Bradley, Back of the Front in France (Boston: Butterfield, 1918), 4.
10Eleanor McGee collection, Missouri Over There, http://missourioverthere.blogspot.com/
11Laura Birkhead collection, Missouri Over There, http://missourioverthere.blogspot.com/
12The National World War I Museum in Kansas City at Liberty Memorial holds an excellent collection of materials on the Missouri and other Midwestern women who belonged to the Gold Star Mothers and who went on pilgrimage.
13Clipping from St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Helen Day collection, Missouri Over There, http://missourioverthere.blogspot.com/
The Baltimore Ravens have some serious connections to departed Los Angeles Chargers offensive tackle King Dunlap. Ones that might make it far easier to sign him on the cheap.
The Ravens are now in need of some help along the offensive line. With right tackle Rick Wagner departing for the Detroit Lions on a massive deal that makes him the highest-paid true right tackle in the league, Baltimore will have to shuffle things around to put assemble a competent offensive line in 2017.
Dunlap could be the perfect addition as depth and a quality starter at right tackle. And it's a deal that makes too much sense on paper.
First is the Eric Weddle connection. The Ravens safety played nine seasons for the Chargers, including three with Dunlap. When Dunlap was released, Weddle came to his defense on Twitter and took the chance to take a shot at Los Angeles at the same time. With how instrumental Weddle has been in the signings of safety Tony Jefferson and running back Danny Woodhead, it's easy to connect the two former Chargers together in Baltimore.
Related Updated projected depth chart for 2017 Ravens
Then comes arguably the biggest connection: offensive line coach Joe D'Alessandris. D'Alessandris helped coach Dunlap in San Diego and per Dan Hatman, he got a lot out of the tackle.
Something to pay attention to this offseason. #Ravens need an OT and Dunlap has experience with D'Alessandris. https://t.co/NyRfFBiTpv — MatthewStevens (@MatthewS_Car) March 13, 2017
Related Ravens investing big to improve run game
For a player needing a change in scenery and some help getting over regular injuries, Baltimore seems like the perfect location for Dunlap. He'd get to reunite with friends and with a coach that helped develop him further, all in a culture of winning and family. That series of connections make too much sense and could get Dunlap into purple and black.
Alaska Gov. Bill Walker has sent President Donald Trump a wish list of projects for inclusion in a potential federal infrastructure package — roads, ports, assistance for the state's gas pipeline project and cash to relocate rural villages threatened by climate change.
Walker sent the seven-item list to Trump and Mick Mulvaney, Trump's budget director, on May 15. That was two weeks before Trump said he would pull out of the Paris accord on climate change, a move followed by a muted statement from Walker on the announcement.
The letters and list were obtained through a public records request to Walker's office.
Walker's seven requests are:
• An expedited state-federal land exchange to hurry construction of the road between King Cove and Cold Bay through the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge, on the Alaska Peninsula — a proposal rejected by former President Barack Obama's administration.
• $124 million to help relocate the erosion-threatened Southwest Alaska village of Newtok. The village is disappearing as sea levels rise and land sinks, though Walker doesn't mention climate change in his letter to Trump, who has claimed that global warming is a hoax.
• Federal loan guarantees, faster environmental permitting and investment for AKLNG, the proposed $43 billion natural gas pipeline and liquefied natural gas export project that would run from Alaska's North Slope to the Kenai Peninsula.
• Permits, planning assistance and cash or low-interest loans for a proposed new road project that would run through the National Petroleum Reserve-Alaska on the North Slope. The road, at a cost of $300 million or more, would run from Utqiaġvik, the town formerly known as Barrow, to the village of Nuiqsut.
• $125 million to finish the stalled rail extension to Port MacKenzie, across the Knik Arm from Anchorage.
• Money or low-interest loans to help rebuild the aging Port of Anchorage, as well as a resolution to Anchorage's long-running lawsuit against the federal Maritime Administration, or MARAD, over bungled work on the project.
• Construction of a naval base and expansion of Coast Guard operations in Alaska — an effort that Walker's administration predicts could ultimately cost as much as $30 billion just for the first phase. Walker's current request is for a defense department report assessing "future security requirements" for Arctic ports, as well as "timely designation of one or more strategic Arctic ports in Alaska."
Walker's letter to Mulvaney ends with what Walker calls three "additional areas of need in Alaska": basic sewer and water infrastructure, since 3,300 rural Alaska homes lack flush toilets and running water; assistance for relocating Kivalina, Shaktoolik and Shishmaref, three more erosion-threatened coastal villages; and support for enhanced broadband internet across the state.
Trump touted his plans for a $1 trillion infrastructure package while campaigning, but has yet to lay out a concrete proposal.
He's expected give a speech Wednesday as part of an "infrastructure week" in which he'll lay out broad plans for more state, city and corporate spending on infrastructure — instead of cash from the federal government, The New York Times reported Saturday.
Jarrod Croker has capped off an outstanding year at NRL level, by being named the Canberra Raiders Captain for the 2015 season.
A Goulburn Junior, Croker made his debut for the Raiders in 2009 and has played 140 matches for the club, scoring 892 points in his six seasons in the NRL squad.
The 2014 season was hailed as Croker's best for the club, culminating when he won the Meninga Medal for the Raiders players' player for the NRL squad.
Croker said the announcement today was a great honour and he looked forward to taking the opportunity with both hands.
“This tops the list for me in my career so far, I'm extremely proud and honoured to be named Captain of the club,” Croker said. “I've been here for six years in first grade and I want to be here for six or more years. I believe the club is growing and heading in the right direction and I want to be a part of that.”
Raiders Coach Ricky Stuart said Croker joins a long line of prestigious Raiders Captains and said he had the utmost confidence in him to handle the role.
“Jarrod joins the likes of Mal Meninga, Dean Lance and Laurie Daley as Captains who have led this great club,” Stuart said. “He will not be alone and he'll have all of my and the senior playing groups support as he works his way into the role.”
Croker follows a prestigious line of Raiders skippers, including the likes of Mal Meninga, Laurie Daley, Ricky Stuart and inaugural Captain David Grant.
Croker takes over the Captaincy from Terry Campese, who was recently released by the Raiders to take up a deal with Hull KR in the English Super League.
Canberra Raiders Captains
1982: David Grant
1983: Alan McMahon
1984-1985: Ron Giteau
1985-1989: Dean Lance
1989-1994: Mal Meninga
1995-1997: Ricky Stuart
1998-2000: Laurie Daley
2001-2005: Simon Woolford
2006: Clinton Schifcofske
2007-2011: Alan Tongue
2012-2014: Terry Campese
2015: Jarrod Croker
Republican presidential candidate and former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney (L) and his running mate Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) talk on their campaign bus before attending a campaign rally at the Waukesha County Expo Center on August 12, 2012 in Waukesha, Wisconsin. Justin Sullivan
(CBS News) Despite conservative enthusiasm surrounding the announcement that Paul Ryan has been tapped as Mitt Romney's presidential running mate, a new Gallup tracking poll shows that the presumptive GOP nominee has not benefited from any material bounce in its poll since the pick was made public.
According to the survey, 47 percent of registered voters surveyed in the four day period following Romney's announcement said they supported Romney, while 45 percent said they would vote for President Obama. In the four days prior to the announcment, 46 percent backed Romney and 45 percent backed Mr. Obama.
Gallup suggests that Romney may get a delayed bounce, as his polling numbers were slightly better in the second half of the four-day period, but an August 13 Gallup poll reinforces the idea that Ryan's pick got a tepid response from the American people.
According to that poll, 39 percent of Americans said they thought Ryan was either "excellent" or "pretty good" as a VP choice, while 42 percent called the choice "only fair" or "poor." Nineteen percent expressed no opinion.
By contrast, 46 percent of voters called Sarah Palin an "excellent" or "pretty good" choice in 2008, and 46 percent said the same of Biden. Compared to recent vice presidential candidates, only Dan Quayle has scored higher than Ryan among those who believed him to be an "only fair" or "poor" VP pick.
Oakland family warns, 'This could be about your daughter'
Buy Photo Jessica Kennedy, 29, of Oakland is battling cervical cancer and at the same is trying to get pregnant. Doctors have given her a three month window to get pregnant via in vitro fertilization before she needs a hysterectomy. (Photo: Kevin Pieper/The Baxter Bulletin)Buy Photo Story Highlights Jessica Kennedy, 29, has been diagnosed with cervical cancer twice.
Kennedy hopes to get pregnant and have her first child before undergoing a hysterectomy and radiation.
How to help Jessica: www.gofundme.com/jkennedy
HPV vaccine available at Baxter County Health Unit.
Jessica Kennedy's dream is to have a kid. Maybe twins, but, for now, she hopes to have at least one healthy child.
However, as Kennedy learned, she is risking her life for to fulfill that dream. That's because Kennedy, a 29-year-old woman, has cervical cancer — once again.
Now, since her first diagnosis, Kennedy is on a mission to get pregnant through in vitro fertilization and wants all young women know: Get the HPV vaccine.
What happened to Kennedy
Kennedy first learned she had a rare type of cervical cancer in March 2014, one week after she moved from the largest city in Texas, Houston, to rural Marion County. She was 27 at the time when she received a diagnosis from Baxter Regional Medical Center.
"It was crazy that they even found it. It was still in cell form. The kind I had was villoglandular adenocarcinoma, which is a very small percentage of cervical cancer," Kennedy said recently, relaxing at home during her day off work. "In a month, it went from cell form to a big tumor."
Kennedy says that she never received the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine when she was younger.
According to the National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, "In most cases, HPV goes away on its own and does not cause any health problems. But when HPV does not go away, it can cause health problems like genital warts and cancer."
Buy Photo Jessica Kennedy, 29, of Oakland sheds a tear after she learned a Facebook friend died from cervical cancer. Kennedy is battling cervical cancer and at the same is trying to get pregnant. Doctors have given her a three month window to get pregnant via in vitro fertilization before she needs a hysterectomy. (Photo: Kevin Pieper/The Baxter Bulletin)
"I was about 24, 25 and nobody really knew at the time what the vaccine was," she said, adding she heard she didn't need the shot. "I never got it. I never knew anything about it. It was like the black sheep that nobody talked about. I had no idea it could lead to all of these cancers, male and female cancers."
At that time, Kennedy and her 24-year-old husband, Clay, had been talking about raising a family, but when she found out she had cervical cancer, it was "like hitting a brick wall," she said.
"It's one of those things where you think it's never going to be you. Never going to be you," said Kennedy, sadly.
Dream to have a family
After the diagnosis, Kennedy went to see an oncologist in Memphis, Tenn., about five hours away from home. Kennedy soon had a cone biopsy at a Memphis hospital, getting the tumor removed in April 2014. Kennedy healed, but she learned in recovery that it healed over her cervical canal. Now, she says, she will have to have surgery to re-open the cervical canal and undergo in vitro fertilization (IVF) if she wishes have a baby.
“My whole life's dream is to have a family, so I'll risk my life to have a family.” Jessica Kennedy
"My whole life's dream is to have a family, so I'll risk my life to have a family," she said.
By May of last year, Kennedy believed she was "cancer free," but she wasn't.
She was diagnosed with another type of cervical cancer, squamous cell, which she is battling currently. She says doctors have given her about three months to get pregnant through IVF. If she succeeds, after birth, Kennedy will have a hysterectomy and radiation to treat the type of cervical cancer she has today.
"You're sick all the time. You're puking. You're passing out. I hide it from everybody, and they ask me, 'How do you get up and go to work every day?' " Kennedy said. She works at Home Depot. "I want to show the fact that I have cancer, but cancer doesn't have me."
Her Home Depot "family" shows support for Kennedy along with users of a Facebook group called "The Teal Ladies," an online community she turns to often to talk.
Buy Photo Jessica Kennedy, 29, of Oakland holds a teddy bear her husband, Clay Kennedy, gave her after she was diagnosed with cervical cancer. Doctors have given Kennedy a three month window to get pregnant via in vitro fertilization before she needs a hysterectomy. (Photo: Kevin Pieper/The Baxter Bulletin)
"Some people might think it's crazy, but some people have certain dreams and some others have dreams of a family," Kennedy explained. "I fought so hard for a year, I'm not ready to give up. It sounds kind of crazy, but I did everything I can to save it. I could have just had the hysterectomy and be done with it at the beginning, but I never thought it would go this far."
Kennedy explains that she has considered adoption, however, she says agencies will not adopt to a cancer patient.
If she gets pregnant, one thing is for certain, she says, "That child will be insanely loved" — especially by future grandparents.
How to help Jessica
Kennedy's mother, Brenda Peine, recently set up a GoFundMe account in order to support her daughter.
The goal of the GoFundMe account is to help pay for the costs incurred from the cervical canal surgery, IVF and transportation costs to the Baptist Memorial Hospital for Women in Memphis. The family estimates about $70,000 in costs, which is what the amount goal is set at currently on the website, gofundme.com/jkennedy.
Peine, whom Kennedy lives with in Oakland, created the GoFundMe account with a warning to other parents, "If you do not have your daughter vaccinated for HPV and do not get yearly PAP tests, this could be about your daughter." Peine says the family is asking for help as they have donated to others previously on the site.
When Kennedy thinks of life after cancer, she adds that part of her dream is to start a local support group as well as get back to volunteering, a hobby of hers.
Buy Photo Jessica Kennedy, 29, of Oakland is battling cervical cancer and at the same is trying to get pregnant. Doctors have given her a three month window to get pregnant via in vitro fertilization before she needs a hysterectomy. (Photo: Kevin Pieper/The Baxter Bulletin)
About the HPV vaccine
Genital HPV is a common sexually transmitted virus, but it can cause cervical cancer in women, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention website. The CDC estimates that about 20 million Americans are infected with HPV, though most infections do not show symptoms, leaving many to be unaware that they have the virus.
Information provided by the Baxter County Health Unit says that HPV is associated also with less common cancers, such as vaginal and vulvar cancers in women, and anal and oropharyngeal cancers in both men and women.
Buy Photo Jessica Kennedy's mother, Brenda Peine, made this wreath for Kennedy after she was diagnosed with cervical cancer. (Photo: Kevin Pieper/The Baxter Bulletin)
The local health unit, however, is one clinic that offers one of three HPV vaccines that may be administered to women and men under the age of 19. The vaccine can prevent most cases of cervical cancer in women, if it is given before exposure to the virus, according to the CDC. The HPV shot is given in three doses over a six-month period. While the vaccine is recommended for young preteen and teenage girls, it is also recommended for women 13-26 who have not been vaccinated.
Women are also encouraged to receive Pap tests, a cervical cancer screening, on a consistent basis. Each year, about 12,000 women are diagnosed with cervical cancer and of that CDC estimate, 4,000 women die each year from the disease.
For more information about the HPV vaccine, call the Baxter County Health Unit at 425-3072.
Read or Share this story: http://www.baxterbulletin.com/story/news/local/2015/05/10/oakland-woman-hopes-first-pregnancy-despite-cancer/27091111/
Subsidiaries in Luxembourg of Irish food group Glanbia reported more than €40 million in profits last year but paid just €200,000 in tax, according to accounts filed in the tiny EU member state.
The tax paid equates to a rate of about 0.5 per cent. The companies had no employees and had assets at year's end of €1.3 billion. One of the effects of the companies' operations was to reduce the group's tax bills in Ireland and the United States.
The subsidiaries, Glanbia Luxembourg, Glanbia Luxfin and Glanbia Luxinvest, featured in last year's Luxleaks revelations about companies that negotiated controversial tax deals with the authorities in Luxembourg by way of the local offices of PwC.
The largest of the subsidiaries, Glanbia Luxembourg SA, had assets of $1.04 billion at the end of November 2014, recorded a profit of $26.1 million and paid just $171,121 in tax, the accounts show.
Audited
The affiliated undertakings included Glanbia Foods Inc, in the US, and Irish company Glanbia Nutritionals (Ireland) Ltd.
The Luxembourg company owed $807 million to a number of Irish companies, including Avonmore Proteins Ltd and Glanbia Finance Ltd, with the loans being interest-free.
Interest-free loan
There is nothing illegal in this, though in the wake of the Luxleaks revelations former Luxembourg prime minister Jean-Claude Juncker said such deals were morally questionable. Mr Juncker is the current president of the European Commission.
In its 2014 accounts Glanbia Luxfin reported profits of $14.2 million and tax of $4,175, while Glanbia Luxinvest reported profits of €2.9 million and tax of €38,863.
A spokesman for Glanbia said yesterday: “Glanbia is a global company that only uses legitimate structures to support the group's international expansion and growth as well as the creation of thousands of jobs. Our effective group tax rate is 17 per cent and Glanbia is, and will continue to be, a significant contributor to the economies in which we operate.”
Earlier this year, Glanbia reported group turnover for 2014 of €2.38 billion, pre-tax profits of €176 million and an effective tax rate of 17 per cent.
Inquiries
The OECD is also coming to the end of its so-called Beps project, which aims to introduce a new set of global rules for taxing multinationals and which has targeted some of the financial instruments and accountancy moves that featured in the Luxembourg tax deals.
129 Shares
I was doing market research when some data jumped out at me, and an awesome idea was born. What if the biggest chess sites were part of an epic game of Risk? Oh, what a mighty battle that would be. I went down the rabbit hole.
This map shows that the chess playing market is dominated by two behemoths, Chess.com and Lichess.org. Chess24 has bravely held some territories but looks set to lose out should some key contested areas not go their way.
Like in a true game of Risk, both Chess.com and Lichess.org hold strongholds in their capital countries. The game of Risk is said to have been originally invented by a French filmmaker in 1957. Similarly, Lichess.org was too born in the country of love, started by a passionate French developer. Therefore, France remains the stronghold of Lichess.org with a commanding presence, outranking Chess.com by over 25%.
Chess.com, which was started by two high-energy American entrepreneurs, has made the most of their capital country. They out-rank Lichess.org in the United States by almost 65%! This advantage has led to their domination of the entire North American continent. They must be getting a seriously awesome army bonus for controlling a whole continent!
Finally, Chess24's capital is Germany, and despite a strong presence, it is just not enough to tip the scales. They are the first player in this awesome game of Risk (or Risiko) to lose their capital.
If this were a true game of Risk, which side would you pick? Where would you send more troops? What key territories would you be aiming for? Let us know via Twitter @chessable and join in the fun!
Methodology
The top three most popular chess sites according to Alexa.com were picked.
Countries were awarded to players if their Alexa.com rank in that country was at least 10% better than the others.
Alexa ranks were accessed on June 7th, 2017
Some countries had no data available, even with our premium albeit still rubbish access to Alexa.
Disclaimer
This is just for fun. We endorse no one and love all these sites equally much; we think they are all awesome in their own way. If you haven't yet, claim your free Chessable account today!
129 Shares
About
Beer is the oldest most celebrated beverage on our planet! Join Midian Brewing in developing the world's palette with Ontario Premium Craft Beer!
Welcome! Cheers everyone! Thanks for checking out Midian Brewing's Phase 2 Kickstarter project. We are a small team of Canadian and American scientists who have a passion for fermentation and the chemistry behind it. This passion is the forefront in our drive to create the best beer science can make, a beer meant for the shepherds, not the sheep. Beer itself has allegedly been around for more than 6000 years, with no clear indication on how it was discovered. One thing has remained constant however, and that is the ingredients and processes used to make beer. Beer is essentially made of 4 all natural ingredients; water, malt, yeast and hops, with all 4 playing key roles in the final product. Midian's scientists have spent the last 6 years reviewing each ingredient and analyzing ways to maximize each of their characteristics. Having the freshest locally grown organic ingredients doesn't ensure a perfect beer, so Midian has taken it the next step, by creating its very own equipment. These steps have helped us in staying consistent with our beer, something Midian Brewing values deeply. We know we have an exceptional product, the equipment needed to keep it that way, and the next logical step is getting it to the consumer. There are only a few ways one can do this in Canada, Ontario specifically; The LCBO, The Beer Store, Licensees (bars, restaurants) and Brewpubs/retail store. Midian Brewing is located on Wyandotte Street, in Windsor, Ontario, which is a very busy traffic area in Olde Walkerville.
Inundated with traffic and licensees, it was a natural fit to include a retail store at the front of our building. As you can see, it needs some updates (It seems we are a photography studio). This projects focus is to better serve our customers through the aid of retail.
About Midian Brewing
Our grand opening, for the retail business, is slated for this summer and we have decided to launch a kickstarter campaign to help us reach $10,000 for renovations to our retail store. Midian Brewing is proud to be serving the Windsor market. Initially, we will be focusing on producing best-in-class organic cask ales. Our initial sales focus will be on restaurant and bar sales in the Windsor-Essex County area. Windsor-Essex County is a "foodies" paradise with all manner of fine restaurants that are well supplied by the region's fine farmers. Our products are one of a kind. Our processes are based on the latest peer reviewed scientific research papers published in journals over the last ten years. Our equipment is custom-made and is designed to produce the very finest of beers that are extremely low in fermentation by-products known to cause residual effects the day after.
A hydro geologist designed our water quality program. Beer is mostly water after all. Our recipes and their corresponding waters are designed with careful attention to every detail. PH, ionic balance, taste, and aroma that have all been fine-tuned in a beer that we hope you'll agree, is worth every drop. Our advanced hopping techniques provide our beer with a well-balanced aroma. Our dark/flavor malts are processed using our proprietary methods so that flavor compound extraction is maximized while minimizing unwanted harsh tasting flavors. The end result is a highly drinkable beer with superior aroma that does not cause unnecessary damage to the drinker if overindulging.
The perfect recipe does not guarantee a perfect beer. A stringent quality assurance and quality control program is crucial for the consistent and reliable production of top quality beer. Midian Brewing has a full laboratory that supports a rigorous quality program. It is our hope to eventually achieve HACCP certification which ensures the most perfect product every pour. What the money goes for Breweries can be expensive endeavours, and with so much competition from both large and small scale breweries, it's hard to stay competitive. Eighty percent of beer drank in Canada is at home, so why not better serve our customers by giving them an outlet to purchase our beer to enjoy in the comfort of home. Phase one was equipment and beer, it's now time for Phase 2, logistics.
We are looking to reach a goal of $10,000.00, and this goal will cover;
• Material costs for Phase 2 Expansion
• Professional Contractors
• Point of Sale(POS) systems
• Merchandise like T-shirts, mugs/cups, and more
• Window replacement and new façade(done by our own Walkerville artist)
• Beer fridge and cooler.
This is all in an effort to better serve our customers. We are located on one of the busiest streets in Essex County, having a retail store will ensure we achieve success. Thanks for all your considerations and contributions. The Midian team thanks you!
We here at Midian think it's only fair to reward your hard earned contributions with Midian inspired gifts and merchandise! Every dollar you contribute will count towards our goal, so we've carefully thought out each reward tier to maximize your contribution, we hope you agree!
www.twitter.com/MidianBrewing
PoliZette Democrats Helpless as Sessions Heads to Hill Liberals without the votes to torpedo AG confirmation prepare to 'dirty up' Alabama senator
Sen. Jeff Sessions will be in the hot seat Tuesday as senators consider his nomination for attorney general — but, barring an unexpected revelation, Democrats appear to lack the ammunition to stop him.
Not that the Alabama Republican's critics won't try.
“If there isn't any really new information, it's hard to see how he loses.”
Advertisement
Democrats on the Senate Judiciary Committee have already promised a thorough examination of his record, and Sen. Chis Coons (D-Del.) told CNN on Monday that there are “many areas where his votes and his record, from civil liberties to civil rights to torture to criminal justice reform to immigration are starkly different from my own.”
Sessions can expect grilling on all of that, as well as his relationship with President-Elect Donald Trump, his tenure as a prosecutor in the 1980s, and old allegations of racial insensitivity that sank his bid for a judicial appointment in 1986.
Jack Pitney, a political science professor at Claremont McKenna College in California, said the big question is whether the hearings will produce any information about the senator's record that has not already been rehashed.
“If there isn't any really new information, it's hard to see how he loses,” said Pitney, pointing to the GOP majority in the Senate and former Democratic Leader Harry Reid's decision to eliminate the filibuster for Cabinet appointments.
As long as the Republican caucus remains unified, Democrats are powerless to block Sessions. And it's hard to see where those Republican defectors would come from. Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.), the kind of party-bucking senator who might be a problem for Sessions, has spoken favorably about the nomination. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), a vociferous critic of Trump, put out a statement in November supporting him.
Advertisement
[lz_ndn video=31835636]
Sen. Susan Collins, a moderate Republican from Maine who differs with Sessions on many issues, will introduce him at the confirmation hearing.
Mark Krikorian, executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies, said Democratic opposition to Sessions is not really about defeating him.
“He's guaranteed to be confirmed,” he said. “Democrats know this. The point of this is to dirty up Sessions as much as possible … A lot of this is just performance art for their base that just can't believe Trump won.”
Krikorian, whose Washington-based think tank favors lower levels of immigration, said that and other issues likely will play a leading role at the confirmation hearing. He said hashing out public policy differences puts Democrats on firmer ground than trying to make the case that a man they have known and worked with for two decades is a racist.
“The other stuff is nonsense,” he said, referring to allegations that Sessions as U.S. attorney in Mobile, Alabama, called a black prosecutor “boy” and said he respected the Ku Klux Klan until he found out its members smoked marijuana. Sessions denied the former statement and said the latter was a joke.
Advertisement
“It's so laughably unsubstantiated that they're going to have to come up with something,” Krikorian said.
But if Sessions' critics think they can make headway by re-litigating the failed Gang of Eight immigration reform — after an election in which the presidential winner made opposition to such reforms a centerpiece — Krikorian said, “I say, have at it.”
John Malcolm, director of the Edwin Meese III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies at The Heritage Foundation, said attention on Sessions, both pro and con, may outweigh scrutiny of all of Trump's other Cabinet nominations combined. He said Sessions is in for a grilling, but he added that he believes Republicans will remain unified and that some Democrats will vote for him, too.
“I think it's going to be ugly. I think it's going to by bloody,” he said. “I just don't see [Sessions losing Republican votes]. Jeff Sessions has been their colleague for years. They know that he isn't a racist.”
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) echoed that sentiment in an interview with CNN on Monday.
Advertisement
“I think it's unfair for people to, and actually very hurtful, for people to say, ‘Oh, you're a racist,' when there's no evidence in his public career that he ever has been racially insensitive,” he said. “So I think it's a slander and very unfair for people to try to do that to someone. And I think he's going to do fine in the confirmation process.”
[lz_related_box id=”268041″]
Trump told reporters Monday that he believes all of his nominees will be confirmed. Asked specifically if he is worried about Sessions, he said, “No, I think he's going to do great. High-quality man.”
Pitney, the Claremont McKenna professor, said questions about whether Sessions is too close to Trump to be independent are legitimate. But Krikorian said Sessions, unlike other potential choices, has the integrity and standing with Trump to tell the president if something is illegal.
Pitney said he believes most Democrats will vote against Sessions because the liberal base demands it. But he speculated that some of them might tell Sessions privately not to take it personally.
Advertisement
“If for some reason he's not confirmed, he goes back in the Senate the next day,” he said. “That's pretty much the definition of awkward.”
The Walking Dead Season 3 Premiere Episode Photos Show The Characters And The Prison By Kelly West Random Article Blend The Walking Dead's third season, as though we need reminding that the premiere is just a few weeks away. The latest look at the series comes in the form of a bunch of photos from the third season's premiere episode. See what Rick and the gang are up to in some of the photos ahead.
A couple of the photos posted give us a look at the exterior of the prison, including this campfire photo. It looks like Beth is looking at (or for) something. Is there a walker nearby?
Here's a great shot (heh) of Rick perched and posed to do a bit of sniping.
And this one gives us a look at the prison from the outside. Are those walkers wandering around inside the fence?
Finally, we have this one, which shows the group single(mostly)-file, making their approach. Daryl's up front with his cross-bow.
And here it looks like Rick and Lori are talking. Having a much-needed heart-to-heart, maybe?
The Walking Dead returns for Season 3 on Sunday, October 14 at 9/8c on AMC. Among the photos below, see Carl (looking serious, as usual), AMC has been generous with the inside looks the network has given us for's third season, as though we need reminding that the premiere is just. The latest look at the series comes in the form of a bunch of photos from the third season's premiere episode. See what Rick and the gang are up to in some of the photos ahead.A couple of the photos posted give us a look at the exterior of the prison, including this campfire photo. It looks like Beth is looking at (or for) something. Is there a walker nearby?Here's a great shot (heh) of Rick perched and posed to do a bit of sniping.And this one gives us a look at the prison from the outside. Are those walkers wandering around inside the fence?Finally, we have this one, which shows the group single(mostly)-file, making their approach. Daryl's up front with his cross-bow.And here it looks like Rick and Lori are talking. Having a much-needed heart-to-heart, maybe?returns for Season 3 on Sunday, October 14 at 9/8c on AMC. Among the photos below, see Carl (looking serious, as usual), The Walking Dead's Whisperers, Explained Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Artur Davis RNC speech (text and video)
Artur Davis's remarks Tuesday night at the Republican National Convention as prepared for delivery.
___
Ladies and gentlemen, thank you.
Story Continued Below
Some of you may know, the last time I spoke at a convention, it turned out I was in the wrong place.
So, Tampa, my fellow Republicans, thank you for welcoming me where I belong.
We have a country to turn around. This week you will nominate the most experienced executive to seek the presidency in 60 years in Mitt Romney.
He has no illusions about what makes America great, and he doesn't confuse the presidency with celebrity, or loftiness with leadership.
What a difference four years makes.
The Democrats' ads convince me that Governor Romney can't sing, but his record convinces me he knows how to lead, and I think you know which skill we need more.
Now, America is a land of second chances, and I gather you have room for the estimated 6 million of us who know we got it wrong in 2008 and who want to fix it.
Maybe we should have known that night in Denver that things that begin with plywood Greek columns and artificial smoke typically don't end well.
Maybe the Hollywood stars and the glamour blinded us a little: you thought it was the glare, some of us thought it was a halo.
But in all seriousness, do you know why so many of us believed? We led with our hearts and our dreams that we could be more inclusive than America had ever been, and no candidate had ever spoken so beautifully.
But dreams meet daybreak: the jobless know what I mean, so do the families who wonder how this Administration could wreck a recovery for three years and counting.
So many of those high-flown words have faded.
Remember the President saying of negative politics and untrue ads, "not this time?"
Who knew "not this time" just meant "not unless the economy is still stuck and we can't run on our record?"
Remember, too, when he said, "this was the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal?"
Who knew the plain English version of it was, "middle America, get ready to shell out 60 bucks to fill up your car?"
And in terms of their crown jewel legislative achievement: who knew that when asked, "will government impose a new federal mandate requiring middle class Americans to buy health insurance whether they can afford it or not?"
The answer would be "Yes we can!"
So, this time, in the name of 23 million of our children and parents and brothers and sisters who are officially unemployed, underemployed, or who have stopped looking for work, let's put the poetry aside, let's suspend the hype, let's come down to earth and start creating jobs again.
This time, instead of moving oceans and healing planets, let's get our bills in order and pay down the debt so we control our own future.
And of course, we know that opportunity lies outside the reach of some of our people.
We don't need flowery words about inequality to tell us that, and we don't need a party that has led while poverty and hunger rose to record levels to give us lectures about suffering.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are Americans who are listening to this speech tonight who haven't always been with you, and I want you to let me talk — just to them - for a moment.
I know how loaded up our politics is with anger and animosity, but I have to believe we can still make a case over the raised voices.
There are Americans who voted for the president, but who are searching right now, because they know that their votes didn't build the country they wanted.
To those Democrats and independents whose minds are open to argument: listen closely to the Democratic Party that will gather in Charlotte and ask yourself if you ever hear your voice in the clamor.
Ask yourself if these Democrats still speak for you.
When they say we have a duty to grow government even when we can't afford it, does it sound like compassion to you — or recklessness?
When you hear the party that glorified Occupy Wall Street blast success; when you hear them minimize the genius of the men and women who make jobs out of nothing, is that what you teach your children about work?
When they tell you America is this unequal place where the powerful trample on the powerless, does that sound like the country your children or your spouse risked their lives for in Iraq or Afghanistan?
Do you even recognize the America they are talking about? And what can we say about a house that doesn't honor the pictures on its walls?
John F. Kennedy asked us what we could do for America. This Democratic Party asks what can government give you. Don't worry about paying the bill, it's on your kids and grandkids.
Bill Clinton took on his base and made welfare a thing you had to work for; this current crowd guts the welfare work requirement in the dead of night.
Bill Clinton, Jack Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson reached out across the aisle and said meet me in the middle; but their party rammed through a healthcare bill that took over one-sixth of our economy, without accepting a single Republican idea, without winning a single vote in either house from a party whose constituents make up about 50 percent of the country.
You know, the Democrats used to have a night when they presented a film of their presidential legends: if they do it in Charlotte, the theme song should be this year's hit, "Somebody That I Used to Know."
My fellow Americans, when great athletes falter, their coaches sometimes whisper to them "remember who you are." It's a call to their greatness at a moment when their bodies and spirit are too sapped to remember their strength.
This sweet, blessed, God-inspired place called America is a champion that has absorbed some blows.
But while we bend, we don't break.
This is no dark hour; this is the dawn before we remember who we are.
May it be said of this time in our history: 2008 to 2011: lesson learned.
2012: mistake corrected.
God bless you, God bless America. Thank you
President Barack Obama has asked Congress to formally authorize war against Islamic State militants. Within the authorization for the use of military force (AUMF) is a provision for not allowing “enduring offensive combat operations.”
What counts as “enduring?” No one really knows. The obfuscating language is supposed to pacify concerns by members of Congress who are hesitant to send more US combat troops into the Middle East – there are already 3000 service members in Iraq. But a vote for the AUMF will be a vote for sending US forces into the Syrian civil war something President Obama attempted to do previously to overthrow the Assad government. Now he is asking for the authority to do it to perform a mission that will, in part, save the Assad government.
Obama asking for authorization at this point is kind of odd as he has already been launching military attacks against ISIS under the highly controversial 2001 AUMF passed by Congress in the immediate aftermath of 9/11. So was he conducting unauthorized warfare before now?
The new AUMF would revise the old AUMF but keep the most controversial provisions such as giving the president a de facto blank check on the use of military force.
The new request to conduct military operations would repeal that authorization. But it would leave in place the broad authority to counterterrorism that Congress granted Mr. Bush in 2001 after the Sept. 11 attacks, which many Democrats now believe is being interpreted too broadly to justify military actions that were never intended. After more than a decade of war and 7,000 American military lives lost in Iraq and Afghanistan, President Obama will face doubts not only from Democrats who want stricter limitations set on where he can send troops and how long his authority will last, but also from Republicans, who are dubious of the administration's strategy for defeating the Islamic State extremist group.
Broad authority for a dubious strategy – that sounds familiar. This would certainly not count as the change many were hoping for in 2008 – staying the course on perpetual war and continuing the war on clear language.
This entire debate begs the question – if President Obama is not already authorized to go to war with ISIS, how is he already at war with ISIS? The new AUMF seems less about authorizing a military operation and more about looking for political cover from Congress for an incoherent strategy.
Title: Variability in the super-Earth 55 Cnc e
Authors: Brice-Olivier Demory, Michael Gillon, Nikku Madhusudhan, Didier Queloz
First Author's Institution: Astrophysics Group, Cavendish Laboratory, J.J. Thomson Avenue, Cambridge CB3 0HE, UK
Of the more than 1500 exoplanets discovered over the past two decades, perhaps the most intriguing and unexpected have been the ultra-short period planets, worlds so close to their parent star that they complete an entire orbit in less than a day. Most are small, less than twice the radius of the Earth, and are so hot that their rocky crusts are being melted away. The material melting off the surface forms a cloud of debris, which could be used to investigate the composition of these mysterious worlds. Unfortunately, most of them are too small for our current instruments to observe in detail.
One planet that is within reach is 55 Cancri e. Roughly twice the radius of the Earth, it orbits in just 18 hours, so close to its star that the surface temperature is roughly 2400K. Its host is the brightest star currently known to have transiting exoplanets, making 55 Cancri e an ideal target for further study. Previous observations have been able to measure its mass and radius more precisely than any other rocky exoplanet. 55 Cancri e was found to be much less dense than the Earth, suggesting that it might be enveloped in a layer of super-heated water, or even be partly made of diamond. The authors of this paper have added a new phenomenon to this intriguing world: Signs of possible volcanism.
Using the Spitzer space telescope, the authors observed the system for a total of 85 hours between 2011 and 2013. Spitzer is an infrared telescope, allowing it to see the wavelengths around 4.5μm where the reflected light from 55 Cancri e is strongest. Over the course of their campaign they were able to observe six transits of the planet across its star, as well as eight “occultations”, where 55 Cancri e passed behind the star.
The authors first studied the transits of the exoplanet across its host star, where the amount of light blocked shows how large the planet is relative to the star. Taking their six transits together , the authors found that the radius of 55 Cancri e is around 1.92 times that of the Earth. Previous studies had returned a larger radius, at 2.17 Earth radii. The new, smaller radius means that 55 Cancri e is denser than previously thought, and no longer needs the exotic chemical compositions suggested by the earlier results.
Along with the new radius, the transit depths also appeared to be varying slightly, although not by enough to be considered significant on their own. The occultations were a different story altogether.
As 55 Cancri passes behind the star, the light from the system suddenly changes from a combination of both the star and the reflected light from the planet's day side, to just the light from the star. The drop in light when this occurs, shown in the plot above, reveals therefore the brightness, and hence the temperature, of the planet.
The authors found that between 2012 and 2013 the depth of the occultation increased by a factor of 3.7—corresponding to an increase in 55 Cancri e's temperature of over 1000K, going from 1427K to 2690K.
What could have caused such a massive change? It wasn't the star: 55 Cancri has been watched almost continuously by ground-based telescopes for eleven years, and shows no variations larger than a Sun-like sunspot cycle. Something had to have happened to the planet itself to cause such a large brightness change.
The high surface temperature of 55 Cancri e suggested an explanation to the authors. With temperatures of over 1000K, most if not all of the crust would be molten rock. This could result in massive, widespread volcanism, similar to that seen on Jupiter's moon Io.
On 55 Cancri e, the authors suggest that a massive plume of material from a volcano could raise the photosphere up through the atmosphere. This would mean that, in the 2012 occultations, we are seeing the light from the plume in the upper, cooler parts of 55 Cancri e's atmosphere. As the plume dissipated the light could shine through from the deeper, hotter parts of the atmosphere, resulting in the much deeper occultation in 2013.
A volcanic plume could also explain the slight changes in transit depth, as the plume would change the thickness of 55 Cancri e's atmosphere, blocking more light from the star as the planet passed in front of it. The authors calculate that this would require a plume somewhat larger than any observed in the Solar System, but this would not be surprising given the extreme nature of the system.
The authors finish by noting that the presence of volcanism on 55 Cancri e raises a tantalizing opportunity. If the planet is repeatedly covered with material blasted out from its interior, then spectroscopy by the Hubble or James Webb Space Telescopes could be used to probe one of the most elusive properties of extrasolar planets: Their chemical composition. As both one of the most extreme and most easily studied exoplanets, future observations of 55 Cancri e will probably bring many more surprises.
Once Again, The Brussels Attacks Were An Intelligence Community Failure, Not An 'Encryption' Problem
from the yet-again dept
In Brussels, one of two brothers who took part in Tuesday's attacks on Zaventem airport and a subway train, which killed 31 people and injured hundreds more, had already been suspected of helping the Paris attackers, the federal prosecutors' office said.
U.S. security agencies had the names of the two suicide bombers who attacked Brussels airport in their databases as potential terror threats.
NBC News quoted U.S. officials who said that Khalid and Ibrahim El Bakraoui were known to U.S. counterterrorism authorities before Tuesday morning, when the pair and a third man detonated theor bombs at the airport and a train station.
After the Paris attacks late last year, we noted that it was clear that they were evidence of an intelligence community failure , rather than an "encryption" problem -- which kind of explained why the intelligence community quickly tried to blame encryption . But, as we noted, most of the attackers were already known to the intelligence community and law enforcement -- and there's still little evidence that they used any encryption.It's looking like the Brussels attacks are showing the same pattern. First, there were reports that Belgian law enforcement was well aware of the attackers and their connections.And another report noted that one of the brothers had been deported from Turkey a few months ago, and that Turkish officials had warned Belgium about his ties to terrorist groups.Meanwhile, a more recent report says thatwere even more aware of the attackers So, once again, we see a situation where these guys were known (or should have been known) to law enforcement and intelligence, but they were still able to carry out their attack. And, yet, rather than blaming intelligence failures, politicians are blaming encryption again And, of course, the intelligence community will do what itdoes: rather than admit it failed here, it will blame encryption or blame limits on surveillance and demand more powers. As we've noted in the past, no matter what the result, the intelligence community will always insist that more surveillance is the answer . If the surveillance works, to them it's evidence that they need more of it to do an even better job. If the surveillance fails (as in this case), then it's evidence that they need more surveillance to avoid such misses in the future. Anything to deflect from the fact that they had a ton of intelligence here, and still failed at stopping the attack.
Filed Under: blame, brussels, encryption, going dark, intelligence community, law enforcement
A 2,000-year-old Egyptian child mummy discovered in a rubbish dump in France is to go on display for the first time outside Paris.
The mummified body of the toddler in a casket first came to publish attention when an unidentified local resident of Rueil Malmaison showed up at the municipal dump in 2001 and asked where to throw her "cumbersome" unwanted goods.
"She said: 'Where shall I put this, it's a mummy?' We weren't sure exactly what she was on about. She just said she was clearing her cellar," Jean-Louis Parichon, an employee at the dump, recalled shortly afterwards.
"I immediately saw it was an extraordinary thing and put it to one side. Then when I'd stopped being astonished, I called the town museum."
It took experts years to conclude that one of Napoleon's generals had brought the mummy back from Egypt in the mid-1850s. He lived in Rueil-Malmaison.
A stylised bird feather and hieroglyphic inscription revealed her name as Ta-Iset (she of Isis). Archaeologist Christian Desroches Noblecourt said that the feather reminds the living that "the dead person's heart must be as light as a feather to allow the soul to reach the afterlife following mummification".
• Why the world went wild for King Tut
She is believed to date from around 350 BC and to come from the Akhmim region in upper Egypt on the east bank of the river Nile.
Radiographic scans suggest the mummy is that of a girl "in her fourth year" measuring 92.5cm. The skeleton is intact, with the head bent towards the chest. The child is thought to have belonged to the Egyptian middle classes, given the quality of the wrapping and casket.
"A cut from a knife can be seen on the side indicating that certain people have already tried to see if [the casket] contained precious metals or amulets," said Marie-Aude Picaud, director of the history museum at Rueil-Malmaison.
The relic's year-long restoration was funded by the local town hall but also by 119 public donors.
Ta-Iset will go on display behind hermetically-sealed glass in a temperature-controlled room at the town's history museum.
There is a strong association between depression and memory impairment. The present study aims to assess the nootropic activity of duloxetine and piracetam combination. Male Swiss Albino mice were divided randomly into 4 groups. Treatment of normal saline (10 ml/kg), duloxetine (10 mg/kg), piracetam (100 mg/kg), and duloxetine (5 mg/kg) plus piracetam (50 mg/kg) were given through intra-peritoneal route to group I-IV, respectively. Transfer latency in elevated plus maze (EPM) and time spent in target quadrant in Morris water maze (MWM) were recorded. Estimation of brain monoamines in hippocampus, cerebral cortex, and whole brain were done using HPLC with fluorescence detector. Piracetam treated group showed significant decrease in transfer latency in EPM and increase in time spent in target quadrant recorded in MWM. Combination treated group failed to produce statistically significant nootropic effect in both EPM and MWM. Combination treated group failed to increase brain monoamine levels when compared against duloxetine and piracetam treated groups, separately. But there was exception of significant increase in norepinephrine levels in hippocampi when compared against duloxetine treated group. Results indicate no cognitive benefits with piracetam plus duloxetine combination. These findings can be further probed with the aim of understanding the interaction between duloxetine and piracetam as a future endeavor.
By Anthony Salvanto, Jennifer De Pinto, Sarah Dutton and Fred Backus
Thirty-five percent of Republican primary voters support Trump, up 13 points since October, and his highest level of support in CBS News polling. Ted Cruz (16 percent) has moved into second place, while Ben Carson, who led the October poll, has dropped to third.
Marco Rubio is in fourth place with 9 percent. Jeb Bush is getting the backing of just 3 percent of Republican primary voters nationwide, his lowest percentage to date in CBS News polling. Carly Fiorina's support has also dropped; she is at just 1 percent now.
Most of the interviews for this poll were conducted before Trump made statements concerning a ban on Muslims entering the United States.
Trump voters continue to be more firm in their support. Fifty-one percent of his backers say their minds are made up about him, compared to just a quarter of voters who support a candidate other than Trump.
The Candidate on the Issues
As terrorism emerges as the public's top issue and concerns about an attack are on the rise, Republican voters see Trump as best able to handle that issue. He is also seen as stronger than his opponents on the economy.
More Republicans primary voters are very confident (40 percent) in Trump's ability to handle the threat of terrorism than any other candidate asked about in the poll. Cruz also does well on this issue. Trump has a clear advantage on the economy - 51 percent are very confident he would make the right economic decisions, far more than his Republican opponents.
Republican primary voters express the lowest level of confidence in Bush on both these issues.
Voters' Views of the Republican Field
While the nominating contests have yet to get underway, Republican primary voters now expect Trump to be the party's nominee. Fifty-one percent think he'll win the nomination, far ahead of any other candidate. A large majority of his supporters think Trump will be the nominee, but even those not currently backing Trump pick him as the expected nominee.
Trump appears to have tapped into public anger toward Washington. About a third (31 percent) of Americans are angry about how things are going in Washington, but that number rises to 44 percent of Republican primary voters, and Trump supporters (52 percent) are more likely to say they're angry at Washington than those supporting other candidates (38 percent).
No candidate stands out as a clear second choice among Republican primary voters, but 26 percent of Trump supporters say Cruz would be their second choice.
Trump is a polarizing figure. In this fractured field, he also tops the list as the candidate Republicans would be most dissatisfied with as the party's nominee, followed closely by Bush.
Candidate Support
Trump leads among both men and women. He has more than a 20 point lead among non-college graduates (and a smaller lead among those with a college degree).
But Cruz has made inroads with evangelicals. Carson led with this group in October, but now Cruz and Trump are running neck and neck among them, the two candidates are also close among very conservative Republicans.
Candidate Qualities
Most Republican primary voters think Trump and Cruz have presented specifics about how they would accomplish their goals if they become President. About half say this about Rubio too, while voters are more closely divided on whether Carson has presented specifics. Republicans are more inclined to say Bush has not offered specifics than say he has.
Trump continues to be viewed as someone who says what is on his mind. Three in four Republican primary voters think he says what he believes. Majorities say this about Carson and Cruz as well. Republican voters are also inclined to say that Rubio says what he believes, but a majority thinks Bush mostly says what people want to hear.
What are Republican Primary Voters Looking For in a Nominee?
Republican primary voters pick strong leadership (42 percent) as the most important quality in their choice of a nominee, followed by honesty (30 percent). Further behind are caring about people like them (12 percent), having the right experience (8 percent) , or being able to win the general election in November (6 percent).
Trump dominates the field among those primary voters who value leadership. Among those who say honesty is the most important quality, the top tier candidates run about even.
By a large margin, Republican primary voters continue to say that positions on the issues matter more to them than electability.
Trump's strong position in this poll reflects some Republican primary voters' continued desire for a candidate from outside the political world. Forty-three percent prefer a candidate who has experience in business or the private sector, while 13 percent want a candidate with experience mostly in politics. Forty-two percent say it doesn't matter to them.
Looking ahead, most Republican primary voters want a candidate who will compromise with Democrats in Congress in order to get things done, but 38 percent would rather have someone who will stick to their positions on the issues even if it means not getting as much done. In a poll conducted last month, Democratic primary voters were more likely to want a nominee who would compromise.
Voter Enthusiasm
About two-thirds of registered voters nationwide are at least somewhat enthusiastic about voting in 2016, but there is a partisan enthusiasm gap: Republican primary voters are more enthusiastic about voting than those who plan to vote in a Democratic primary.
Looking Past November 2016
While the general election is nearly a year away, the poll asked registered voters nationwide how they would feel if each of the party's current front runners became president. Neither is met with a lot of enthusiasm, but there is somewhat more anxiety about a Trump presidency (64 percent) than a Clinton one (57 percent).
Perhaps not surprisingly, views differ greatly by political party. Seventy-six percent of Democrats would be either excited or optimistic if Hillary Clinton became president, while most would be skeptical about the prospect of a Donald Trump presidency, including 63 percent who say they would be scared.
Republican voters hold contrasting views: Sixty-six percent would be excited or optimistic if Donald Trump was elected president, but most would be concerned or scared if Clinton won the White House.
Independent voters, a key voting bloc, are not especially enthusiastic about either a Clinton or a Trump presidency, but more are concerned or scared about Trump (67 percent) than they are about Clinton (59 percent).
This poll was conducted by telephone December 4-8, 2015 among a random sample of 1,275 adults nationwide, including 1,053 registered voters. Data collection was conducted on behalf of CBS News and the New York Times by SSRS of Media, PA. Phone numbers were dialed from samples of both standard land-line and cell phones.
The poll employed a random digit dial methodology. For the landline sample, a respondent was randomly selected from all adults in the household. For the cell sample, interviews were conducted with the person who answered the phone.
Interviews were conducted in English and Spanish using live interviewers.
The data have been weighted to reflect U.S. Census figures on demographic variables.
The error due to sampling for results based on the entire sample could be plus or minus three percentage points. The error for subgroups may be higher and is available by request. The margin of error includes the effects of standard weighting procedures which enlarge sampling error slightly.
The margin of error for the sample of 431 Republican primary voters is 6 percentage points.
This poll release conforms to the Standards of Disclosure of the National Council on Public Polls.
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump revealed the newest details of his tax plan on Sept. 15. Here's what he said, in three minutes. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump revealed the newest details of his tax plan on Sept. 15. Here's what he said, in three minutes. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
When billionaire investor Carl Icahn speaks, Donald J. Trump apparently listens.
The Trump economic blueprint initially issued Thursday took aim at an obscure program designed to promote the blending of ethanol with gasoline. The program sets minimum levels for renewable fuel use and creates tradable certificates that refiners must turn in to prove that the targets have been met.
“These requirements have turned out to be impossible to meet and are bankrupting many of the small and midsize refineries in this country,” the fact sheet on Trump's economic plan said initially. “These regulations will give Big Oil an oligopoly by destroying the small to mid-size refineries.”
The program is hardly the stuff of populist campaign rhetoric. But Icahn, who has been a strong supporter and close adviser to Trump, happens to be chairman and majority owner of a pair of those small refineries, and things haven't been going so well there.
Icahn's two refineries are expected to pay more than $200 million to buy enough renewable fuel certificates to fulfill its obligations under the government's volume-based rules, according to a J.P. Morgan note to investors in July. The purchase of those certificates has become the refineries' biggest operating cost, J.P. Morgan said. Icahn's stake in the refineries has lost about $1.7 billion in value, according to a calculation by The Post.
Donald Trump has called Carl Icahn one of the world's greatest businessmen. The presidential candidate also said he would pick Icahn to oversee trade deals. So who is the man that some have labeled everything from an activist investor to a corporate raider. (Jorge Ribas/The Washington Post)
Icahn said in an interview Friday that he recently sent Trump a public letter he wrote about the issue. When Politico called the Trump campaign about a possible link on Thursday, the online fact sheet was revised to eliminate any mention of the renewable fuel standard.
The episode, like other comments Trump has made about energy policy, suggests that the GOP presidential candidate has a tendency to embrace policy positions and rhetoric from his business friends. In a North Dakota speech on energy earlier this year, Trump closely echoed anecdotes as well as ideas long sounded by shale oil tycoon Harold Hamm.
This time, Trump, who has indicated a desire to put Icahn in his cabinet, echoed Icahn, who has complained in the past about the specter of an oil “oligopoly.”
“I give him ideas to talk about here and there on the economy,” Icahn said. “Sure I have an agenda. George Washington had an agenda too,” he added citing the founding father's land holdings. “But having an agenda doesn't mean you're not doing the right thing.”
Icahn's refineries, one in Coffeyville, Kan. and one in Wynnewood, Okla., are part of a complex ownership structure under CVR Energy and related master limited partnerships that help minimize taxes. Amid a glut of refined products, the stock price of the refining company, which is 82 percent owned by Icahn, has plunged to less than half of what it was early this year.
That prompted Icahn to write an open letter to Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy on Aug. 9 urging her to overhaul the program, which he called “the quintessential example of a rigged market.” “has become ‘the mother of all short squeezes,' ” where retailers don't want to blend ethanol or choose to hoard their certificates until the last minute to get a better price.
Icahn said the system was threatening to bankrupt companies like his.
“Yeah I'm losing money from a year ago on it,” Icahn said, “but from where I bought it I'm making a lot of money. Nobody's going to cry for me and I don't expect them to. But it's sad for the investors in the refining business in general.” He said that, counting dividends, he has made about $1.5 billion since buying the refineries.
The rumpus over the market for the certificates, known as renewable identification numbers or RINs, has stirred up controversy within the oil industry. Some refiners agree with Icahn while others have quietly learned to profit from the tradable RINs, and to love a regulatory program they have long criticized.
Here's how it works: Legislation in 2005 and 2007 gave EPA the job of designing a program to reach rising thresholds of ethanol use. The idea was to promote efficiency as well as incentivize the use of ethanol both to cut greenhouse gas emissions and to bolster national security by reducing oil imports.
Currently the nation uses about 14 billion gallons of ethanol and about two billion of biodiesel. Each one of the gallons of ethanol produced in the United States gets a 38-digit RIN that can be detached and bought and sold, in some cases by investment banks or other trading companies. At the end of the day, the blenders generate RINs but refiners are required to turn them in to the EPA — in the system's jargon, the refiners are the “point of obligation.”
With prices of RINs lurching from pennies to well over $1 a piece, the market is $10 billion to $15 billion in size.
The board of the American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers,whose 400 members include both small and large refiners, voted by a narrow margin to file court papers demanding an adjustment. Instead of requiring refiners to submit to the government enough RINs to cover the refined gallons produced, EPA should shift that burden to the companies that actually mix the ethanol with the gasoline, the group said. Because ethanol corrodes pipelines, it cannot be mixed together with gasoline or diesel at refineries, which are therefore in a poor position to implement standards.
But the American Petroleum Institute, a long-time critic of the RIN program, now says there shouldn't be any effort to alter it short of abolishing it, which is unlikely to happen. Industry sources, who asked for anonymity to maintain business relationships, say that over the past five years some of the country's biggest integrated oil giants have purchased blending facilities, which generate RINs. That has helped them capture hundreds of millions of dollars in profits from the RIN market. Change could hurt them now.
In a conference call earlier this week, Frank Macchiarola, API's director for refining and marketing, said the renewable fuel standard was “broken and needs to be repealed or significantly reformed.” But he opposed the AFPM position. “Efforts to tinker. . .at the margins will simply not work,” he said, adding that moving the obligation to buy certificates from refiners to blenders was “a mere distraction from the real issue at hand.”
“Where you stand on this issue depends on where you sit in the value chain,” Stephen H. Brown, vice president for federal government affairs at Tesoro. “Those refiners who took steps to mitigate their exposure to a volatile RINs market by establishing blending capacity do not feel the need to change the point of obligation. Those refiners who did not take those steps feel differently.”
Icahn puts in bluntly. “The EPA is doing for Big Oil what they could never do for themselves: Get rid of all the competitors in the refining business,” he said.
Major companies aren't the only ones cashing in on the program. The long chain of producers, refiners, pipeline owners and blenders — as well as the lack of oversight — made the program a “ripe target” for corruption, according to a report by Doug Parker, a former EPA investigator who has taken part in inquiries into the Deepwater Horizon spill and Volkswagen's deception over its cars' fuel efficiency.
Despite the size of the RINs market, there is no equivalent of a commodities exchange or regulator.
“This is a total black box in many ways,” Parker, now president of consulting firm E&W Strategies, said in an interview about the RINs market. He said the “opaque” market was overseen by one or two capable-but-overstretched EPA officials, and that the agency has found $270 million of fraud in a handful of cases.
To make it trickier, EPA can alter the mandatory levels for ethanol and has often done that late in the year, throwing off companies' calculations. The 2007 legislation set quotas for ethanol use, but the oil industry says that many cars cannot use fuel with more than 10 percent ethanol. EPA has lowered quota targets, acknowledging what is known in the business as the “blend wall,” but many refiners want it to be lower still.
Many refiners choose to export their products as a way to legally circumvent the RINs requirements.
So Icahn isn't alone in his view of the RINs market. Valero, the largest refiner in the country, has weighed in on Icahn's side, asking for an adjustment in the program.
“No refiner has invested more in renewable fuels than Valero. We are the third largest ethanol producer and the largest advanced biodiesel producer,” Rich Walsh, senior vice president and deputy general counsel, said in a statement Thursday. But he said adjusting the program was not part of an effort to discourage renewable fuels. He said, “It is a simple market structure change that levels the playing field and ends windfalls that hurt the program.”
But few companies have the ear of Trump or the gumption and resources of a corporate raider and activist investor like Icahn. Last year, Icahn formed a Super PAC with $150 million to target tax inversions. In August, his general counsel Jesse Lynn, told Reuters that he might start a new PAC focused on regulatory reform.
On Friday, Icahn said that “the architects of this [RINs] plan don't understand the markets and the disastrous effects this plan is having. There are going to be terrible repercussions because I believe there will be a scandal as there was with mortgage-backed securities.”
Trading in those securities helped trigger the 2008 financial crash and Great Recession.
“The irrational regulation promulgated by the EPA is just one of a number of irrational rulings issued by regulated agencies,” Icahn said in his letter to McCarthy. “These regulations over the last eight years have caused a crisis of confidence on the part of companies.”
Brooklyn Nets point guard Deron Williams is the cover model on this month's Resident Magazine, self-described as the “Monthly magazine for the affluent and culturally savvy Manhattanite.” In a feature by Rory Winston, Williams describes his adjustment to New York City life in his new TriBeCa home, as well as his commitment to Autism Speaks, the autism awareness foundation that has close ties to Williams and his family. Williams's son D.J. was diagnosed with autism at 18 months old.
Some quotes from Williams:
On his foundation, Point Of Hope
Our causes range from juvenile diabetes to autism to cancer clinics. We give scholarships, host youth clubs and try to help low-income and homeless families. Once we had Christmas dinner for single moms and that really got to me. Don't forget, I grew up with a single mom… A remarkable woman, a phenomenal mother.
On his son D.J.
We adopted D.J. and the two of us got very close. Actually, from all my kids, he's the one who always liked being with me most — a real daddy's boy. Anyway, at 18 months he gets diagnosed with autism and I'm like wow! I heard of it but what exactly is there to do?
With autism, families live through different stages… First, there's denial. ‘Not my kid!' You know, so many refuse to have their kid tested. But that's the single most important thing to do. they need to get in there and give it their all. The earlier people know, the faster they can do something positive.
On being a New Yorker
I'm not going to lie. I don't really feel so much like a New Yorker. I grew up in an apartment in Texas where you could send your kids outside like ‘yeah, go play in the sun.' Here it's more challenging. The process of getting them into school is a nightmare. Even private schools where you pay are an ordeal. In Utah, you just send your kids to the first public school in the area because they're all great. Truth is, we enjoy getting away from the hustle and bustle and going back to Utah every summer. It's a relief to take that timeout. No traffic. No crowds. My daughters still have their friends there. There's a big backyard. They go to the pool; the playground and they jump on the trampoline. Kids running wild and free here (in New York)…? I don't think so.
On what makes a New Yorker
Taking the subway… which, by the way, I love to take. Yes, of course I have a chauffeured car but the subway is way faster. Second thing is the New York/Brooklyn accent — which I don't have. Third thing is New Yorkers are tough. Or at least they think they are.
Share this...
Germany's Der Spiegel writes here that the EU is moving to abandon its ambitious climate protection targets. This, Spiegel writes, is now a real threat to Germany's much ballyhooed Energiewende (energy transformation to renewable energies).
The EU used to be a leading, unrelenting proponent of CO2 emissions reduction, even often ostracizing other industrial nations like the USA for not following its lead on carbon emissions. Many EU countries even implemented laws and generous subsidies to promote large-scale renewable energy systems. But now, some ten years later, EU policymakers are waking up to the exorbitantly high costs of green energies and their unpredictable, uncontrollable supply.
Originally the EU's target was to reach 27% renewable energy by the year 2020, and 40% by 2030 (Germany is even pushing for 60% by 2036). Today the EU insists it's still sticking to that target but Spiegel writes that emissions cuts will be voluntary in the future:
Upon request from Commission president José Manuel Barroso, the EU member states will no longer receive concrete requirements for expanding renewable energies in the future.”
Moreover, Spiegel writes that the EU wants to begin clearing the way for fracking. The controversial method is now widely used in the USA and natural gas prices there are some 65% cheaper than in Europe as a result, thus creating a serious competitive disadvantage in key industries – such as chemicals.
Germany, a vocal proponent of rash CO2 reductions and climate protection, has reacted critically to the EU's new intentions. German economics minister Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) criticized the EU and wrote that it “cannot afford to let this opportunity to get away.”
The Berlin Foundation for Science and Policy (SWP) claims that more relaxed EU targets and less support for renewable energies could have real impacts on German climate policy: “In such a context it is going to get increasingly difficult for Germany to successfully maintain a national leadership position.”
In other words, as Europe abandons aggressive climate change policy, Germany eventually will be forced to follow.
In summary, Europe's backing down from pushing through a radical green transformation of its economy appears to be in large part driven by the high costs to consumers and a worsening capability to compete globally. Rescued again by the free markets!
Justin Theroux I Love 'Stern Show' So Much ... I Got My Own Beetlejuice Head!
Justin Theroux: I Love Howard Stern So Much ... I Got A Beetlejuice Head!
EXCLUSIVE
Justin Theroux is the most dedicated celeb fan of Howard Stern -- that's the only reasonable explanation for the giant prosthetic face now hanging on his wall.
Theroux scored a lifecast of Stern Wack Packer, Beetlejuice ... from special effects artist Mike Marino of Prosthetic Renaissance. Marino says Justin was in his studio a couple weeks ago when he saw the mold and freaked out.
We knew JT was tight with Stern -- who spoke at his wedding to Jennifer Aniston -- but we didn't know it was this deep. Marino says Justin immediately recognized the Beet mold from 2004, when he first made it on the 'Stern Show.'
He says he brought it out of retirement, made a replica, painted it bronze and shipped it to Justin as a gift. Jennifer's gonna love it.
It's time to add Starz to the list of pay TV services now available without a cable or satellite — or, in this case, an Amazon Prime — subscription.
The company just unveiled an $8.99 a month streaming service, also to be called Starz, available online and via an app for Apple and Android devices beginning today. Households can access as many as four streams simultaneously, and download shows.
Starz' existing customers on traditional TV services, including those who buy Starz Encore and Movieplex, also can use the app to access programming.
Starz' customers will be able to watch the premiere episode of the new season of Outlander on April 7, two days before subscribers of the current TV service will see it, on the app and online as well as some on-demand platforms.
“Our programing will now be more widely available to the 20 million broadband only homes of cord nevers, cord cutters and cord shavers, including Millennials and other underserved consumers who need other viable subscription service options,” CEO Chris Albrecht says.
The launch coincides with the company's rebranding of its Encore suite of channels, now called Starz Encore.
Albrecht had told investors to expect the digital launch, which follows the introduction of standalone services by HBO and Showtime — as well as Starz' own independent $8.99 a month streaming offering via Amazon, announced in December.
The new app “is state-of-the-art and will have all of the functions and features that consumers are looking for, that they are expecting and that they will be excited about,” he told analysts in February. “And we are really jazzed about it here. So it opens up a whole new world for us, because unlike our relationship with Amazon, where it's their environment that we are putting the Starz product into, this is an environment that's been created by Starz for Starz subscribers and that experience is one that we curate and we control. And that is a very big difference.”
He assured them that it would not hurt its relationship with current distributors, who fear that the growing array of digital alternatives might promote cord shaving or cutting.
Premium networks “are a good, profitable business for them and more innovation on their part has the potential to make it even more profitable,” Albrecht said. He added that he'd like to see more variety “in how the operators price, package and market premium networks to both current and prospective subscribers.”
When it comes to Starz, Wall Street is mostly interested in seeing whether Liberty Media's John Malone — its controlling shareholder — can engineer a sale or merger. Lionsgate was seen as a likely potential buyer: It owns 14.7% of the voting shares in Starz following a deal with Malone that gave him a stake in the independent studio as well as a seat on its board. Lionsgate said in early February that it was in talks with Starz.
But Starz' shares fell shortly afterward as Lionsgate generated weaker-than-expected box office results for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 2 and The Divergent Series: Allegiant. Starz shares are down about 23.2% since the beginning of this year, and 26.8% for the last 12 months.
Severe childhood obesity rate rising significantly, more than 30,000 Australian children affected: study
Posted
More than 30,000 Australian children may now be severely obese, a national study into childhood health has found.
Researchers said their findings suggested they had underestimated the problem, and its extent may be even greater than figures show.
"The numbers on how many Australian children have severe obesity have never been crunched until now and our findings suggest we have underestimated the issue," Associate Professor Sarah Garnett from Sydney's Westmead Children's Hospital said.
The study, which used four national surveys looking at children aged seven to 15 from 1985 to 2012, showed the rate had significantly increased over time.
The biggest rise was in 2007, when the number of obese children with severe obesity jumped by 50 per cent — from 20 per cent in 1995 to 30 per cent.
Associate Professor Garnett said there were concerns the extent of the problem had been underestimated because some children were opting out of the research.
"We are a little concerned that maybe some of the heavier children aren't opting in to be involved in the study," she said.
"Certainly when we look at the 2012 survey, I think about 20 per cent of the households that were involved, the children actually opted not to be weighed and measured."
Unlike overweight and obese children, children with severe obesity require specialist care and have the highest risk of additional health problems, Associate Professor Garnett said.
"Failure to treat these children will have huge implications for the individual and our healthcare system in the years to come," she said.
"Currently there are not enough paediatric obesity services to look after these children."
Topics: diet-and-nutrition, medical-research, child-health-and-behaviour, health, family-and-children, children, research, australia, sydney-2000
In the wake of the embarrassing revelation that Rep. Steve Scalise, the new House majority whip, has apologized because he very nearly spoke with a racist group 12 years ago, I feel that it's time for me to confess a similar transgression -- although, perhaps more serious, since I actually spoke with the group in question and I knew what I was doing at the time.
The group I addressed has devoted decades to advancing discriminatory policies that treat blacks and other minority groups as substandard, inferior and virtually handicapped compared with whites. What's more they're unrepentant, even proud of it.
Worse, the group has been responsible for racially segregating schools and neighborhoods, by literally funneling taxpayer dollars into substandard housing zones that become generational poverty traps for poor racial minorities.
In addition, the group has coordinated money, manpower and strategy with kindred organizations to block minority children from receiving a decent education, and to box out independent minority entrepreneurs from lucrative contracts that could lift them and their neighborhoods up from the bottom.
Worst of all, the group before which I spoke has successfully promoted and funded race-selective "medical procedures" which have resulted in the deaths of millions of black infants.
Yes, that's right: I, Scott Ott, confess that some years ago, I spoke before a group of Democrats.
Also from Scott Ott:
The American Civil Liberties Union of Virginia is fighting back after Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe said the group is responsible for the deadly white supremacist rally Saturday getting out of control.
The ACLU of Virginia sued the city of Charlottesville on Thursday over permitting for the white supremacist protest.
In an interview with NPR, McAuliffe said, "The city of Charlottesville asked for that to be moved out of downtown Charlottesville to a park about a mile and a half away – a lot of open fields. That was the place that it should've been. We were, unfortunately, sued by the ACLU. And the judge ruled against us."
In a statement, the group said the police on Saturday were responsible for the dangerous protest where one woman, Heather Heyer, died after a car plowed into counter-protesters. Many others were injured.
McAuliffe said the rally should not have been downtown.
"We got to look at these permits, and we got to look at where we put these rallies and protesters. I got to protect public safety. And our police did a magnificent job."
ACLU of Virginia Executive Director Claire G. Gastanaga said McAuliffe was using the group as a scapegoat.
"It is my firm hope and desire that the governor and other state and local officials will learn from this past weekend how constitutionally to prevent events like the horror we saw in Charlottesville from ever happening again."
Transcript:
Donald and John Boy: Lets do it! Trump: Mrs. Trump? This is John Miller. yes, Im little donald's publicist and media strategist. DOnald shouldn't have to go to school today because he already knows all the best words Boy: #@*! Mom: Donald, you're going to school! Boy: I borrowed money from Moe, and I don't want to pay him back, Trump: how about you say it wasn't a promise to pay him back- it was a policy suggestion? Trump: How about you say it was a truthful hyperbole? Boy: Ive got it! Boy: Im using the bankruptcy laws to my advantage, which all the best people say is very smart! SUSie: Hello? Trump: Hi Susie . John miller here. There have been some nasty rumors about Donald's hands. I want yo correct the record. His hands are manly and YUUGE! Susie: Im not coming up to your creepy tree house pervert! Boy: Your loss fatty! Boy: The medias out to get me! I'll never be president! Trump: Dont worry. all that matters is that people are talking and thinking about you. People may be imagining you in the oval office ad recoiling in horror....but they're imagining you in the oval office! Boy: when Im president , I may just not fire you.
When Prime Minister Stephen Harper agreed to a wager with U.S. President Obama on the outcome of two Olympic hockey games, the bets were made in beer.
The President put up a White House home brew.
The Prime Minister's stake wasn't revealed until Tuesday evening
Story continues below advertisement
Beau's All Natural Brewing Company and Big Rock Brewery were chosen to represent Canadian beer, according to a message from the Prime Minister's Twitter account on Tuesday.
The decision is sure to excite debate, not least by its neglect of Quebec's formidable independent brewing industry. But Mr. Harper's decision has a few things going for it.
Both breweries are independent of the big players that control most of the market and, unlike the big players, are 100 per cent Canadian.
The combination also reflects Mr. Harper's personal geography. Big Rock Brewery is based in Calgary, where Mr. Harper has long resided and where he won his first election as an MP in Calgary West in 1993. Beau's is based in Vankleek Hill, a town in eastern Ontario about halfway between Ottawa and Montreal.
In the event, it was Mr. Obama who had to pay up on both hockey bets after the Canadian men beat the United States 1-0 in the semi-finals while the Canadian women took gold with a comeback 3-2 victory for the gold medal.
Mr. Obama came across this week with two boxes of White House Honey Porter, brewed in the White House using a recipe that was published in 2012 in response to an official petition.
The Washington Post reported on Tuesday that the delivery was made to Gary Doer, Canada's ambassador to the United States, by a representative of the National Security Council.
Thin clouds at about 5 km altitude are more ubiquitous in the tropics than previously thought and they have a substantial cooling effect on climate. This is shown in a recent study by researchers from Stockholm University and the University of Miami published in Nature Communications. The cooling effect of mid-level clouds is currently missing in global climate models.
“Using the satellite observations and high-resolution numerical modelling, we find that thin mid-level clouds are frequently formed in the tropics in the vicinity of deep convective clouds and that their cooling effect could be as large as the warming induced by high cirrus clouds”, says lead author of the study Quentin Bourgeois, postdoctoral associate at the Department of Meteorology (MISU) and the Bolin Centre for Climate Research, Stockholm University.
Clouds play a pivotal role in determining the Earth's climate and radiation budget, yet we still have a lot to learn about them. In particular, little is known about mid-level clouds, i.e. clouds located at approximately 5 km altitude, as these clouds are challenging to study.
“To bridge our gaps in knowledge about thin mid-level clouds we used space-borne lidar instruments that provide detailed information on the vertical distribution of clouds”, says Quentin Bourgeois.
The scientists anticipate that their study will trigger further interest in thin mid-level clouds, which have been neglected for too long. In particular, the mechanism of their formation is not well understood yet. The authors also hope that the climate research community will factor in clouds in climate models more often in the future so that projections of climate change will become more accurate.
Clouds effects on global climate
Clouds cover about 70% of the Earth's surface at any time. Different types of clouds affect the Earth's climate differently: low liquid clouds, such as the cotton-like cumulus, cool the Earth while high altitude ice clouds, such as the wispy cirrus, warm the climate. Overall, clouds cool the climate by about 20 W m-2. In contrast, the Earth receives on average about 340 W m-2 energy from the sun every day and our current emissions of anthropogenic greenhouse gases warm the climate by about 3 W m-2.
A class III student of a government primary school in Rajasthan's Jodhpur district was drowned in a tank recently. The victim fell in the tank on the first day of her school reopening.
Ten-year-old Annu, like other students of the school, had been ordered to perform school chores like sweeping and cleaning as the teachers utilised the time to relax and have a tea break on Monday.
Annu, who was given the task of mopping the floor, slipped into the tank and drowned while trying to fill water in an oversized bucket.
Other students raised an alarm, but the six teachers present in the school during the tragedy did not heed to their cries.
Ironically, the doctor at a local health centre also refused to accompany the villagers to attend to Annu. With crucial time lost, Annu could not be saved.
Following the incident, the teachers were suspended on Tuesday.
The Supreme Court has agreed to hear a case challenging public-sector unions' right to collect fees from nonmembers. iStock
Late last month, the Supreme Court announced that it would hear Janus v. AFSCME, a case that challenges public-sector unions' right to collect fees from nonmembers. Such “fair share” fees have been a legal bedrock of labor unions since the Supreme Court's 1977 ruling in Abood v. Detroit Board of Education. In Abood, the court held that unions could lawfully charge fees to non–union members to help offset the costs of “collective bargaining, contract administration, and grievance adjustment” from which all employees benefit, as long as the union does not use such fees for political purposes.
Critical to any discussion of Janus is the fact that federal law also compels unions to advocate on behalf of non–union members. Thus, overturning Abood would immediately incentivize free-riding, thereby threatening public-sector unions' very existence. If the court overturns Abood as anticipated, though, unions should immediately challenge their obligation to represent free-riding nonmembers as a violation of their own rights under the First Amendment. And they should win.
The plaintiff in Janus—a child-support worker in the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services—contends that all public-sector union activities are inherently political. Thus, he argues, the fair share arrangement contemplated by Abood must be overturned, because forcing him to subsidize political causes with which he disagrees violates his First Amendment rights.
But the notion that unions must advocate on behalf of non–union members like Mark Janus at all actually violates unions' First Amendment right to freedom of association. Forcing unions to advocate on behalf of nonmembers for free, however—as the court is poised to do—would be comically unconstitutional. As a result, if Abood is overturned and fair share fees fall by the wayside, then the federal mandate compelling unions to bargain on behalf of nonmembers must fall along with them.
The National Labor Relations Board describes non–union members' “right to fair representation” from unions as follows:
Your union has the duty to represent all employees—whether members of the union or not—fairly, in good faith, and without discrimination. This duty applies to virtually every action that a union may take in dealing with an employer as your representative, including collective bargaining, handling grievances, and operating exclusive hiring halls. For example, a union which represents you cannot refuse to process a grievance because you have criticized union officials or because you are not a member of the union.
As professors Catherine Fisk and Margaux Poueymirou have persuasively argued, though, if the Supreme Court holds that compulsory fair share fees are unconstitutional because they require non–union members to spend money on political causes with which they disagree, then compelling unions to expend their own scarce resources advocating for the benefit of nonmembers would similarly be unconstitutional “on the court's own analysis.”
But the violation of unions' First Amendment rights is more severe than merely compelling them to spend money. In addition to depleting unions' resources, compelling unions to advocate on behalf of nonmembers who frequently oppose their very existence represents a severe violation of unions' First Amendment rights to determine their membership and the terms of their association.
The Supreme Court has held over and over again that governmental interference with a private group's membership requirements “may impair the ability of the original members to express only those views that brought them together.” Given this reality, the court has long recognized that “[f]reedom of association therefore plainly presupposes a freedom not to associate.” The Supreme Court expounded on this principle in a landmark 2000 ruling, which held that the Boy Scouts of America had the right to expel a gay member, lest the organization lose its “ability to advocate public or private viewpoints.”
In other contexts, allowing the government to force organizations to advocate on behalf of people who oppose them would lead to results that most would properly regard as absurd. For instance, what would be left of the right to associate if the government could compel Republicans to allow Democrats to vote in their nominating conventions? Or force the Jewish Anti-Defamation League to promote the views of Nazis? Can civil rights advocates be compelled to permit the KKK to march with their members at parades, or vice versa? Simply put: Individuals are either free to define the terms of their association, or they are not.
Typically, the notion that the First Amendment's guarantee of freedom of association also protects the negative right not to associate would be uncontroversial, given that courts have consistently held that the First Amendment protects its provisions' negative corollaries. For example, decades of precedent reveal that the First Amendment protects with equal force both the right to speak freely and the right not to speak, the right of the press to publish and not to publish, a citizen's right to vote and not to vote, and an individual's right to practice a religion or to abstain from religious practice entirely.
Consequently, given the essential underpinnings of the right not to associate, must unions advocate on behalf of unwelcome nonmembers who don't share the union's views and don't pay for its services? Based on a straightforward application of the First Amendment's freedom of association jurisprudence, the answer should be “of course not.” However, when it comes to unions—whose First Amendment rights have never been placed on equal footing with their corporate counterparts—the answer is somehow “yes—by government fiat.” This obligation is constitutionally impermissible, and after Janus, it is also likely to become monetarily unsustainable.
If requiring non–union members to pay fair share fees violates the First Amendment, then obligating unions both to represent nonmembers and to do so free of charge violates the First Amendment in spades. Unions ought to have the very same right to exclude nonmembers and define the terms of their association as any other organization. Further, regardless of the court's ruling in Janus, the Constitution does not guarantee anyone the right to a free ride.
That reality is here, and although Apple has the best-known solution, it's not the only one.
Apple's newest mobile operating system, iOS 8, and computer operating system, OS X Yosemite, include features called Continuity and Handoff. Continuity lets you share information like directions, browser windows and email drafts on multiple devices, as long as all those devices are from Apple and are running the latest software.
Once you've upgraded your devices, the features are often enabled by default. And when it starts working, it's pretty easy to use and even works with some apps that aren't made by Apple. With Continuity, your phone or iPad connects to your Mac using Bluetooth. If the device is in range of the computer (say 10 or 20 feet), it can pick up what you're working on and transfer it to the phone.
For example, while writing this column in the Google Chrome browser, using Google Docs, I tapped the home button to turn on my iPhone screen. At the bottom of the screen, in the left corner, there was a little browser icon. When I tapped the icon and swiped up, the phone automatically opened a browser window that brought up the very Google Doc I was working on.
An even more useful example is navigation. If I use Safari to search for directions and open them in Apple Maps on the computer, a Maps icon will pop up on the phone. When I swipe up on that icon, I see the directions on the phone.
Using the Handoff feature, you can also use your phone's cellular connection to make and receive calls on your Mac, and you can send and respond to text messages on any of your iOS devices. Making a call works with phone numbers in Safari. If you search for a business on Safari on your computer, for example, and find a phone number, you can click on the number to make the call. The call itself happens on the computer, using its speaker and microphone. You can also make calls from your Contacts app — it just has to be up to date.
CLOSE Raised voices replaced the usual whispers at Cincinnati's library Tuesday morning as accusations of conflicts of interest and secret deals were hurled at library trustees. The Enquirer/Cameron Knight
Buy Photo The walkway between the annex building and main library at the Hamilton County Public Library in downtown Cincinnati. The walkway goes over Ninth street. The library has signed an agreement with 3CDC to explore the disposition of the annex building. All services would in the North Building would move to the South Building. (Photo: The Enquirer/ Liz Dufour)Buy Photo
Twenty years ago, taxpayers spent nearly $40 million on a new building for the Main Library Downtown. Now it could be sold for less than $8.5 million.
In June, the board of trustees for the Public Library of Cincinnati and Hamilton County voted to pull public services from the five-story, 132,500-square-foot north building. The librarycontracted withthe Cincinnati Central City Development Corp. (3CDC) to explore whether to sell, lease or repurpose the building.
The decision was met with protests at the board's August meeting. To those demonstrators, a 3CDC deal meant a public resource could land in the hands of private developers.
The board told protesters no decisions had been made about the fate of the building, but stood by their decision to consolidate services.
At a later "town hall" meeting on Aug. 22 at the library organized by the protesters, University of Cincinnati librarian and archivist Eira Tansey said she was disappointed to hear about the plan to consolidate services.
"Which to me misses the point, right? We have this public space. How can we use it more?" Tansey said. "That really bothers me because it's actually a failure of imagination."
She joined others in suggesting dozens of other uses for the space including a Downtown branch of Cincinnati State, a place for social workers to address the needs of library patrons or a space to help combat the opioid epidemic.
Taxpayers spent $7.7 million on the land alone in 1997 and another $31.4 million on the building and the walkway over ninth street connecting the north and south buildings.
CBRE, one of the largest commericial real estate firms in the city, valued that building at $8.48 million in July.
The assessment was performed by the company's senior vice president, Michael Moran, the son of board member William Moran, which prompted demonstrators to cry "conflict of interest."
Who has the final say?
The seven-member board of trustees will ultimately decide what happens to the north building. It is unclear when that decision will be made, but the 3CDC contract expires in December.
Four members of the board are appointed by the Hamilton County Commissioners. The remaining three are appointed by the judges of the Hamilton County Court of Common Pleas. The term of one board member expires each year.
Board president Allen Zaring's term expires this year on Sept. 30. The Hamilton County Commissioners could replace him on the board, but if they disagree with the decisions the board is making they have no legal standing for taking stronger action. In fact, the commissioners can't even control the rate of the Hamilton County property tax levy that partially funds the library. That too is controlled by the board.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Enquirer surveyed the board members about their vision for the north building and the library in general. The next board meeting is October 10 at the Mount Healthy branch at 7608 Hamilton Avenue.
President Allen G. Zaring IV
Allen Zaring IV (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Hamilton County Board of Commissioners
When: December 2010
About: Before joining the board, Zaring served as director of the Library Foundation and chairman of its board. He was also on the Library Levy Campaign Committee in 2009.
Zaring is a vice-president at J.P. Morgan Asset Management, one of the bank's investment arms. His father, Allen Zaring III, founded Zaring National Corp., a home building company. His grandfather, Allen Zaring, founded Zaring Homes.
Vision for north building: "The north building could be redeveloped into offices, residential and/or retail uses."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "My children have enjoyed attending summer learning 'Braincamps.'"
Resides: Columbia Tusculum
Vice President Barbara W. Trauth
Barbara Trauth (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Hamilton County Board of Commissioners
When: December 2011
About: Trauth is a painter and sculptor. She attended both Xavier University and the Cincinnati Art Academy and later worked as a designer, illustrator and teacher.
She had a failed run for Cincinnati City Council in 2003. She is married to Joseph Trauth, a lawyer specializing in civil litigation, zoning and planning law and real estate law at Keating Muething and Klekamp.
Vision for north building: "Used in the most efficient way."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "The Makerspace service has helped me print copies of my paintings and copy the illustrations to my children books that I have written."
Resides: Hyde Park
Secretary William Moran
William Moran (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Hamilton County Board of Commissioners
When: First in 1996, most recently in December 2013
About: During his two-decade stint on the library board, he chaired the 2009 levy campaign and the 2013 "Keep our Library Strong" levy renewal campaign. He is a former board member of the Ohio Library Council.
Moran retired as a senior vice president at Fifth Third Bank. Prior to that he was the director of real estate for Kroger. Moran's father retired as vice president and general counsel of Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co., where Moran began his career in 1970.
He also serves on the board of Downtown Cincinnati, Inc. and the development and finance committee of 3CDC. He is also a board chair of the Downtown Cincinnati Improvement District.
Vision for north building: "Used as its highest and best use. I was on the Board when it was built, which was when the library was a highly used research facility. Times have changed. Research now is mainly done online, so the facility now is outdated. We can provide our patrons the same services in smaller footprints."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "I'm a big reader, two to three books per week. I use it to check out books"
Resides: Mount Adams
Robert G. Hendon
Robert Hendon (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Judges of the Hamilton County Court of Common Pleas
When: First in 2007, most recently in December 2012
About: A University of Cincinnati and Xavier University graduate, Hendon worked for about 40 years in the fields of engineering and architectural design.
He is the retired president of Hendon-Lurie and Associates, an architecture and design firm.
His wife, Sylvia Sieve Hendon, was a Hamilton County Municipal Court judge and then a Juvenile Court judge. In 2004, she was elected to Ohio First District Court of Appeals. She served there until February.
Vision for north building: "I will seek a disposition that best serves the needs of both the library and the community it serves."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "I personally am intrigued with the MakerSpace. Also, I enjoy the convenience of the drive-thru window for pickup and return of library materials."
Resides: North Bend in Miami Township
Monica Donath Kohnen
Monica Donath Kohnen (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Hamilton County Board of Commissioners
When: December 2015
About: Kohnen is a partner at the law firm of Graydon where she practices business, real estate, construction and banking law.
She has been previously on the board of Downtown Cincinnati Inc. and the Hamilton County Board of Building Standards.
Vision for north building: "Put to its highest and best use for the benefit of our community."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "Those focused on introducing very young children to the joys of reading through story times as well as summer reading challenges. Most recently I have been impressed with the coding classes the library offers; the MakerSpace with its 3D printer; and the Library's Outreach Services."
Resides: Hyde Park
Elizabeth H. LaMacchia
Elizabeth LaMacchia (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Judges of the Hamilton County Court of Common Pleas
When: First in 1998, most recently in 2014
About: LaMacchia has been involved with the library for more than 30 years. She began as a book sale volunteer in 1984. She was the director of Friends of the Public Library for a decade.
She moved to Cincinnati in 1983 with her husband John LaMacchia, who as retired president and CEO of Cincinnati Bell after more than 15 years with the company.
Vision for north building: "Options are open – it depends on what the alternatives there are."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "Books and audiobooks."
Resides: Indian Hill
Ross A. Wright
Ross Wright (Photo: Provided)
Appointed by: Judges of the Hamilton County Court of Common Pleas
When: First in 2007, most recently in December 2016
About: Now an attorney for General Electric's aviation section, Wright began his career in the Hamilton County Prosecutor's Office. In between, he worked at the law firm of Taft Stettinius and Hollister and then Convergys as a senior attorney.
Vision for north building: "For it to achieve its highest and best use based upon consumer demand, our library patrons."
Library service used or enjoyed most: "Quiet zones and audio books via Hoopla."
Resides: Paddock Hills
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2xNqJWN
You can now buy vintage clothes with the newest currency in downtown Athens.
Dynamite Clothing, at 143 N. Jackson St., started accepting bitcoins this year.
The digital currency made headlines last year for its skyrocketing values - at one point a single "coin" hit $1,200 in November - and ties to online black markets. But Dynamite Clothing owner Lori Paluck is betting it'll move more mainstream, and she wants her shop to be ready for it.
"It's just a new option for people to use," Paluck said.
The process is simple, Paluck and her shop manager and fellow bitcoin advocate Rachel Barnes said: Convert some U.S. currency to bitcoins to store in a digital wallet. Transferring money, or buying goods from Dynamite Clothing, is a matter of scanning a QR code. Barnes said stories of other brick-and-mortar stores seeing sales skyrocket - and her own boyfriend's advocacy for the new currency - spurred adding the service. It will still take U.S. dollars as well.
They hope to even capitalize on Atlanta bitcoin tourists, or those enamored enough by the currency to travel for the sole purpose of using it in a physical shop.
"It started as something everyone was skeptical about," Paluck said. "Now, people are actually talking about it."
The two downplayed any criticism of the currency. Apple recently dropped the last bitcoin wallet app from its iOS app store, but the web browser still allows bitcoin use, Barnes wrote in an email. For any fluctuations in the currency's value - since it's $1,200-plus high, it had fallen to about $725 as of Friday afternoon - Barnes said the shop has the option to immediately convert bitcoin purchases into cash. But both were confident it would remain strong and viable going into the future, in part because of it's direct seller-buyer nature. They also predicted that, in this more digital world, it would continue to move forward, especially as people's initial trepidations evaporate.
"When eBay first started, everyone was afraid to use it," Barnes said.
Follow business and government reporter Nick Coltrain at http://www.facebook.com/NickColtrainABH or on Twitter @NColtrain.
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
The provincial Animal Care Act prohibits the infliction of suffering on animals. Exceptions abound, however, including for industry-accepted standard practices. Today, these standard practices are the antithesis of what is traditionally known as the five freedoms for animal welfare: from thirst and hunger, by ready access to fresh water and a diet to maintain health; from discomfort, by providing appropriate shelter; from pain, injury, and disease by prevention, or rapid diagnosis and treatment; to express normal behaviour by providing sufficient space, proper facilities and company of the animal's own kind; from fear and distress, by ensuring appropriate conditions and treatment.
Kynoch was obviously responding to the public reaction to the incident, but there is ample reason why the pork industry should be more sensitive to public perception.
Somebody must have whispered in his ear. His position soon changed to the lack of excuses for the mistreatment of the piglets, that the offender in question could have turned to other producers for help in relocating these piglets.
There has been a lot of media coverage about the recent euthanization of 1,300 piglets that were deemed to be in severe distress. The initial reaction by Karl Kynoch, chairman of the Manitoba Pork Council, referenced the litany of problems and the associated stresses faced by producers over the last several years making it difficult to earn a living.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 26/9/2012 (2343 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 26/9/2012 (2343 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
There has been a lot of media coverage about the recent euthanization of 1,300 piglets that were deemed to be in severe distress. The initial reaction by Karl Kynoch, chairman of the Manitoba Pork Council, referenced the litany of problems and the associated stresses faced by producers over the last several years making it difficult to earn a living.
Somebody must have whispered in his ear. His position soon changed to the lack of excuses for the mistreatment of the piglets, that the offender in question could have turned to other producers for help in relocating these piglets.
Kynoch was obviously responding to the public reaction to the incident, but there is ample reason why the pork industry should be more sensitive to public perception.
The provincial Animal Care Act prohibits the infliction of suffering on animals. Exceptions abound, however, including for industry-accepted standard practices. Today, these standard practices are the antithesis of what is traditionally known as the five freedoms for animal welfare: from thirst and hunger, by ready access to fresh water and a diet to maintain health; from discomfort, by providing appropriate shelter; from pain, injury, and disease by prevention, or rapid diagnosis and treatment; to express normal behaviour by providing sufficient space, proper facilities and company of the animal's own kind; from fear and distress, by ensuring appropriate conditions and treatment.
One of the standard practices is tail-docking, where tails are cut off the piglets without anesthetic or painkillers. (Pigs bite each other's tails as a sign of aggression or dominance.) Castration of the males can take place at the same time also without anesthetic or painkillers.
For the males, the commonly accepted practice that is truly brutal is teeth cutting/breaking and snout breaking/bashing, intended to prevent fighting during transport. The bashing and tooth breaking involve both federal and provincial jurisdictions because it happens at collecting stations and auctions (provincial) but is part of the transport process (federal).
But when teeth are cut by untrained people with hoof nippers or bolt cutters, frequently teeth are cut to the pulp where the nerves are housed. A study done by the University of Guelph of 102 tusks recovered from a slaughterhouse showed 51 per cent had the pulp chamber exposed. Tooth cutting generally takes place the day before shipping. On the morning prior to loading, staff using a metal rod/crowbar or baseball bat will break the snout of the boar. Definitely inhumane.
There is absolutely no action to halt this practice by government inspectors.
At some facilities, large boars are bashed regardless of whether they are transported with other boars or not as this makes them more docile and easier to handle.
I'm not sure why tail-docking is a concern for the females (sows). Breeding sows have no opportunity to do anything that involves any type of movement. They are artificially inseminated and then kept in gestation crates (sow stalls) with virtually no clearance around their bodies for the duration of the pregnancy.
The big barns house thousands of crates, row after row, where sows can only look across the aisle at another sow in a crate. They never leave the gestation crate until shortly before they are due to give birth when they are moved to a similarly sized farrowing crate. Due to the physical restriction of the sow in the crate their young can nurse continuously in order to gain weight and size quickly. At the appropriate time the piglets are removed and the sow is once again artificially inseminated and she goes back into the gestation crate.
And so it goes until the sow is sent to slaughter after approximately three continuous years of this cycle.
The Winnipeg Humane Society has more than 10,000 signatures, from rural and urban Manitobans, on a petition asking for an end to the sow stall system. These petitions are sent to the provincial department of Agriculture, Farming and Rural Infrastructure (MAFRI) but no action has been taken.
The pork council has repeatedly stated it is studying housing options in conjunction with the University of Manitoba. It has been studying for many years. The rest of the world has managed to change housing systems over five years. Many countries have already phased out the use of stalls in favour of open or group housing — once again farming in the manner that most of us think of when we picture livestock on a farm.
Surely one of these other countries has a system that would be viable in Manitoba? Recently, in response to animal welfare concerns, fast-food chains, (Burger King, McDonald's, Wendy's) and grocery stores (Safeway) have announced they no longer accept pork products from producers and/or suppliers who continue to use sow stalls.
The problems for producers are real: still recovering from the 2009 swine flu scare, the effects of the U.S. country-of-origin labelling laws, a strong loonie, weak pork futures and the rapidly rising increase in the price of feed. But this does not mitigate the routinely brutal "standard" practices accepted by the industry.
Producers and the pork council that represents them are often quoted in the media about caring for the welfare and well-being of their animals, after all a healthy animal is where they make their money. But if we look at how these standard, accepted practices relate to the globally accepted concept of the Five Freedoms, it is not difficult to understand the poor public image and hence lack of support for the big barn farms.
Leslie Yeoman is a Winnipeg animal welfare advocate who eats meat.
Frustration is mounting as migrants and refugees wait to cross tightening borders. Many nations are starting to block more and more entering migrants, leaving many stranded. (Reuters)
Frustration is mounting as migrants and refugees wait to cross tightening borders. Many nations are starting to block more and more entering migrants, leaving many stranded. (Reuters)
— Nations along Europe's refugee route are taking the boldest steps yet to clamp down on migrant flows, trapping thousands of asylum seekers and potentially blocking countless war-weary families from finding sanctuary in the West.
The crackdown in recent days, aid groups say, comes at the worst possible time — just as new arrivals are rapidly increasing and the majority of migrants, once single men, are now women and children. An even larger surge from the Middle East and beyond is expected in the coming weeks, with tens of thousands more migrants set to land in Greece and start the long trek northwest to Europe's core.
But crisis-weary countries from Austria to Macedonia are now moving to bar the doors. Since Sunday, Macedonia and Serbia, for instance, have blocked passage to virtually all Afghans — a group accounting for roughly a third of all migrants. Even many Syrians and Iraqis without proper documentation are being turned away, aid groups and U.N. officials say, leaving a quickly increasing number of desperate asylum seekers stranded in nearly bankrupt Greece.
[Spring could bring a fresh surge of refugees. But Europe isn't ready for them.]
There were other signs that the main route traversed by more than 1 million migrants last year was breaking down, with aid groups saying Croatia and Slovenia are also refusing entry to more asylum seekers. Slovenia's parliament voted late Monday to dispatch the army for border control. And in yet another blow to the cherished ideal of free movement in Europe, Belgium said Tuesday that it would set up border controls on its frontier with France to block migrants recently cleared from a sprawling camp in Calais from entering its territory.
Afghans, meanwhile, were being stranded at various points along the 1,000-mile route from Athens to Vienna, as observers warned of an impending humanitarian crisis that could rival the peak of Europe's refugee emergency this past fall.
“The situation isn't good for us; there are no proper bathrooms or medical care. It's very cold,” said Teimoorshah Yousefi, 40, one of 600 Afghans stranded at a northern Macedonian border crossing this week. He, along with his wife and two sons, ages 10 and 13, were being refused entry by Serbia. The family, he said, was getting frantic.
“I don't know exactly what our final destination will be,” he said. “We want to go to any country that accepts us.”
In Europe, though, that list is getting shorter and shorter, and a war of words between nations was breaking out over the new rash of restrictions. Greece filed an official protest with Austria, which appeared to set off the domino effect of restrictions by introducing strict asylum caps last week. Athens decried what it called a “unilateral and non-friendly act” that could add a full-blown domestic refugee crisis to its already long list of financial woes. Germany and Austria also exchanged terse words.
[More European nations are barring their doors to migrants]
On Tuesday, frustrated Greek police cleared hundreds of protesting Afghans from railroad tracks where they were staging a sit-in. In videos and photos, ­Afghan children held signs begging Macedonian authorities to “please help us cross border.”
“We're going to see the backlog of people grow exponentially now, and you'll have upward of 20,000 to 40,000 people getting stuck over the next few days,” said Kirk Day, Europe representative of the International Rescue Committee. “This is a continent that says it is founded on the principle of human rights,” he continued. “But right now, all we see is a race by countries that don't want to be the last one to close their borders.”
Afghan migrants who have no permission to cross the border between Greece and Macedonia stay behind a fence near Gevgelija, Macedonia on Feb. 23. (Georgi Licovski/EPA)
Such countries say they have no choice, citing a building resentment against asylum seekers at home, overburdened refugee systems and heightened concerns that militant extremists are blending in with migrants. Already, more than 100,000 migrants have crossed the Mediterranean this year, far outpacing the same period in 2015. And yet, the Austrians and other nations enacting fresh controls say, Europe has failed to put in place a working plan to tackle the crisis, leaving them with no other option but to act.
[In Europe, the refugee crisis as art: 14,000 bright orange life jackets]
On Wednesday, amid mounting criticism from the European Commission, Austria and other nations that are slapping new restrictions on migrants were set to meet to discuss the crisis. It remained unclear whether charges that some of the new moves may violate European and international law would compel those nations to change course.
“As long as there is no European solution, we will have to take national measures,” Austrian Foreign Minister Sebastian Kurz said in an interview published Tuesday by Germany's Rheinische Post.
Indeed, Austria appears to have touched off the new round of border tightening, shocking many of its neighbors by introducing caps on Friday that limit the number of migrants who can enter and claim asylum there to 80 per day. It will also allow a maximum of 3,200 migrants a day to transit to Germany, the single-largest destination for asylum seekers.
[Could Europe's refugee crisis be the undoing of Angela Merkel?]
Berlin immediately charged Vienna with effectively creating a pipeline that would funnel migrants to Germany while Austria shouldered little burden itself. At the same time, nations south of Austria scrambled to make sure blocked migrants would not get stuck on their territories.
The moves followed a little-noticed deal struck last week by the police services­ of Austria, Slovenia, Croatia, Serbia and Macedonia to get tougher on migrants.
The changes include the barring of asylum seekers who have lived for long periods in “safe” countries such as Turkey and Iran, a group that includes many Afghans, Iraqis and Syrians. On Tuesday, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees strongly condemned the new moves, warning of “the heightened likelihood of pushbacks, of people being stranded in the open, exposed to freezing cold weather and at risk of violence and exploitation at the hands of smugglers and traffickers.”
The new steps taken by Macedonia, however, marked only the latest in a string of measures meant to choke off the single-busiest migrant route. In November, Macedonia began barring all but Syrians, Iraqis and Afghans in an effort to weed out economic migrants. The decision now to exclude Afghans, critics say, is a dramatic escalation.
Not only are their numbers huge, but unlike migrants from North Africa and Pakistan, asylum seekers from Afghanistan have high acceptance rates in nations such as Germany — raising the prospect that legitimate refugees are now being restricted.
“The last I checked, peace had not suddenly come to Afghanistan,” Day said.
The move raised fears that more migrants would hire unscrupulous smugglers or risk the more dangerous routes out of Greece. In Bulgaria, for instance, migrants have been detained and beaten, while Albania presents rugged terrain that is harder to cross than Macedonia, where temporary visas were being granted so migrants could legally take trains and buses north.
Fear was also mounting that more migrants may switch back to the treacherous route to Europe that runs through violent Libya and across a far greater expanse of sea to Italy.
At the same time, pressure was growing in Germany for Chancellor Angela Merkel to drop what has been a humanitarian posture that did not set a limit on the number of asylum seekers her nation would accept. In recent days, Germans have watched as two viral videos showed more outbursts of anti-migrant rage. On Thursday, for instance, a busload of terrified migrants was surrounded by an angry German mob chanting “Go home” in the eastern city of Clausnitz.
Calls for a migrant cap in Germany — something activists say would amount to the final blow for asylum seekers — were growing.
“The federal government . . . has the clear responsibility to take care of border security and reinstate the rule of law,” Bavarian Justice Minister Winfried Bausback, a member of the Christian Social Union, sister party of Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats, said Tuesday.
Stephanie Kirchner in Berlin and Elinda Labropoulou in Athens contributed to this report.
Read more:
Racial profiling seems to be a weapon in Europe's war on terrorism
3 important facts about how the U.S. resettles Syrian refugees
Fear and paranoia lead Finns to form vigilante groups that ‘protect women' from asylum seekers
The tech giant aims to build 1,500 apartments at Menlo Park after being criticised for helping to deepen the Silicon Valley housing crisis
Facebook is to build its own “village” of 1,500 homes for workers struggling to pay soaring rents as the housing crisis in Silicon Valley deepens.
'We will be torn apart': the battle to save Silicon Valley's oldest trailer park Read more
The social networking company has submitted plans to the local council to create a new neighbourhood of homes, shops and a public plaza across the street from its global headquarters.
Mark Zuckerberg's company said it was being forced to build the “mixed-use village” called Willow Campus in Menlo Park, about 30 miles south of San Francisco, because the regional government's “failure” to invest in infrastructure has led to sky-high rents and hours-long commutes to work.
“Our goal for the Willow Campus is to create an integrated, mixed-use village that will provide much-needed services, housing and transit solutions as well as office space,” John Tenanes, Facebook's vice-president for global facilities, said after the company submitted plans to Menlo Park officials. “Part of our vision is to create a neighbourhood centre that provides long-needed community services. The region's failure to continue to invest in our transportation infrastructure alongside growth has led to congestion and delay.”
Kirsten Keith, the mayor of Menlo Park, welcomed Facebook's plan to help address the rent-price-rise crisis caused by the rapid growth of west-coast technology companies. More than 640,000 new jobs have been created in the San Francisco Bay area since 2010 but house-building has failed to keep even close to that pace of growth.
“Peninsula cities have a housing crisis,” Keith tweeted. “I hope more tech companies come forward with affordable housing proposals as Facebook has done.”
However, just 15% of the Facebook homes will be offered below market rates. The apartment block homes, which the company hopes will be built by 2021, will be available to Facebook employees and those working elsewhere.
The average monthly rent in Menlo Park has more than tripled to $3,349 (£2,600) since 2011 when Facebook announced it would move to the city, according to property data site Rent Jungle. Menlo Park's rents, which rise to an average of $3,934 for a two-bed apartment, are some of the highest in the country and considerably higher than in New York City.
The median house price across Silicon Valley has jumped from $535,000 in 2012 to $888,000 last year, according to real estate agency Trulia.
Zuckerberg, 33, who is the world's fifth-richest person with a $64.7bn fortune, owns several homes worth tens of millions of dollars. He spent $30m buying up four houses surrounding his Palo Alto home in an effort to protect his privacy. He's also spent $100m on a 700-acre plot on the Hawaiian island of Kauai and $10m on a home in San Francisco's Dolores Heights.
More than 9,000 people work at Facebook's offices in Menlo Park, according to the city. The number of staff has increased by 54% over the past year and is expected to continue to rise quickly as a larger office campus opens.
'It's a perfect storm': homeless spike in rural California linked to Silicon Valley Read more
The huge influx of staff at Facebook and other large tech companies has forced thousands of key workers out of the area and many teachers, cleaners and support staff battle through miles of congested highways to work each morning. Tech workers are often bussed to offices in company-branded vehicles, angering local people who are concerned about growing inequality in the area.
The San Francisco board of supervisors declared a state of emergency in relation to homelessness last year. “It is not a natural disaster, it is man-made,” San Francisco supervisor David Campos said. “But it's a disaster nevertheless.”
Facebook, which made profits of $12.4bn last year, has previously been criticised for exacerbating the housing crisis in Menlo Park by offering its staff a $10,000 bonus to move closer to its head office.
John Liotti, chief executive of Able Works, a charity representing key workers, said at the time of previous iniative in 2015: “A lot of local families are going to get hurt.” Facebook said that scheme was “to support our employees and the people who matter most to them at all stages of life”.
Facebook's proposals for the Willow Park development, which will include a grocery store and pharmacy, have been welcomed by Diane Bailey, executive director of community group Menlo Spark. “We feel that Facebook genuinely wants to be a good neighbour,” she said. “They appear to have heard the requests of the community and they want to meet those requests. The area has not had a grocery store or pharmacy for a long time.” It can take more than half an hour to drive to the nearest supermarket four miles away due to traffic jams.
The social network has also committed to spending $1m exploring the idea of reopening an old railway line that runs through the company's campus and is “investing tens of millions” to improve a highway – US 101 – that runs from the office to San Francisco. There are no plans to build a new school.
Facebook is not the only company seeking to tackle the housing crisis. Last month a spokesperson for Google said it would spend $30m on 300 prefabricated apartments for workers at its campus headquarters in nearby Mountain View.
Apple, which is in the process of moving 12,000 staff into its new Apple Park headquarters in Cupertino, is paying a roughly $5m “housing mitigation fee” to the city in compensation for the burden it is placing on the city's housing. The company estimates that its new office will lead to a 284% increase in demand for housing in the city.
Carol Galante, faculty director of the Terner Center for Housing Innovation and a former federal housing commissioner, said: “We've reached a tipping point where costs are just so high that people are desperate to figure out a solution.”
Tenanes said Facebook's planning application was “only the beginning … Going forward we plan to continue to work closely with local leaders and community members to ensure Facebook's presence is a benefit to the community,” he said. “It's one we're lucky to call home.”
Select Page 1 - Introduction 2 - Gameplay Experiences 3 - Screen Shots and Conclusion
Date: Saturday , February 26, 2011 Author: Brent Justice Editor: Kyle Bennett
AMD Radeon HD 6990 "Antilles" Sneek Peek It is here in our hands and it screams. "Performance!" The wait is nearly over as AMD's next generation "Antilles" video card sporting two high performance GPUs on a single printed circuit board is in our hands. We comment on our gameplay experiences in Dragon Age II in Triple-Display Eyefinity.
Introduction
This preview will serve as an early hands-on preview of the AMD Radeon HD 6990 dual-GPU video card from AMD. The Radeon HD 6990 video card will be the successor to the Radeon HD 5970.
The specifications and performance of this video card are currently under embargo. In fact AMD even wants the video card's name kept low key at this point. The only reason we can even tell you the name of the video card is because it was revealed as public knowledge back during the Radeon HD 6870 launch. It was shown in a slide then that the dual-GPU video card above the Radeon HD 6970 would be code named "Antilles" and called the "Radeon HD 6990." Therefore, we will refer to Antilles as Radeon HD 6990 throughout this preview.
While we cannot reveal the specifications or framerate numbers to you today, we will say this, we are happy with what AMD has provided. The specifications are everything HardOCP had hoped for. We think gamers will be pleased with the hardware. This video card is better out-of-the-gate than the Radeon HD 5970 ever was.
Our video card came to us in this stealthy and shiny briefcase. Upon opening it we were pleased to see the Radeon HD 6990. At this time, all we can show you is this single photograph of the reverse side of the video card, proving it has two GPUs on board. There will be more photographs to come later.
Dragon Age II
In this preview what we are going to look at is gameplay experience in a brand-new game from BioWare shipping on March 8th, 2011 called Dragon Age II. Dragon Age II is the latest installment to the Dragon Age series. New in Dragon Age II is support for DX11 and several DX11 specific image quality features. You will find Tessellation along with Geometry Displacement Effects used to transform the landscape in Dragon Age II. Some other important DX11 features used are Advanced Dynamic Lights, Contact Hardening Soft Shadows and Diffusion Depth of Field. Screen Space Ambient Occlusion (SSAO) is also supported and works in both the DX9 and DX11 modes.
Unfortunately our copy of the full version of the game did not arrive at all as was promised for this preview, so we are going to have to use the public Demo. In the Demo you cannot enable the "Very High" quality option which enables the advanced DX11 features. Therefore, for the Demo, we are not able to use Tessellation, Advanced Dynamic Lights, Soft Shadows or Diffusion Depth of Field. However, the Demo does run in the DX11 code path, but those specific features will not be enabled. We are also able to have SSAO as a usable option, along with the in-game AA and AF sliders. Once we get our hands on the full version game we can test it out on the Radeon HD 6990 in all its image quality goodness.
The demo is also unfortunately quite limited in that we cannot save games. Each time you exit the demo, you have to start it again from the very beginning, which can be annoying. Since we cannot reveal performance numbers to you today, we don't have to worry about doing timed run-throughs. We are simply going to play the game on the Radeon HD 6990 and relate to you our experiences and our gameplay settings. We have also tested this Demo on a single-GPU Radeon HD 6970 and can tell you how that compares in terms of playable game settings.
We are running the Radeon HD 6990 in an Triple-Display Eyefinity configuration. We are using three Dell 2408WFP displays in a 3x1 configuration. The native resolution with this setup is 5760x1200 and that is what we are going to test Dragon Age II at on the Radeon HD 6990. Configuring Eyefinity was quite easy with this video card and the new Beta drivers AMD provided us with. It looks like Eyefinity setup is going to get a whole lot easier in the new driver. AMD has made menu improvements that make setting up Eyefinity a cinch; not that it was overly complicated to begin with.
Charlie Sheen has said he wants to be paid $3million an episode to return to the CBS comedy Two and a Half Men after production on the show was cancelled following remarks the actor made about producer Chuck Lorre.
Charlie Sheen wants to be paid $3million an episode to return to work (Pic: NBC)
Sheen gave a number of TV interviews on Monday, the first time he has spoken publicly since his rant to US radio host Alex Jones saw production of the hit comedy show stopped.
The 45-year-old is currently paid around $2million-per-episode, making him the best paid actor on US TV. His appearance in Two and a Half Men has been blighted with controversy in recent months, however, with the show cancelled in January when Sheen was persuaded to enter rehab after reported drug and alcohol abuse.
Sheen reckons he never turned up to filming drunk, but admitted he had appeared ‘a bit sideways' from a lack of sleep.
Advertisement
Advertisement
According to USA Today, Sheen said he couldn't remember the last time he did drugs, claiming it was: ‘A couple days before the suits rolled in and said change it.'
‘I probably took more than anybody could survive. I was banging 7 gram rocks. Because that's how I roll. I have one speed. I have one gear: Go,' the Platoon actor said.
Commenting on his last drugs binge, Sheen said: ‘The run I was on made Sinatra, Flynn, Jagger, Richards look like droopy-eyed, armless children.'
He also he wasn't concerned about dying or over-dosing, stating: ‘Dying is for fools. There are certain blends I will not entertain because that's how people go down.'
Speaking to NBC's Today show, Sheen said he was ‘tired of pretending I'm not a total, bitchin' rock star from Mars'.
The 45-year-old also said if he was to return to Two and a Half Men he would want to be paid $3million an episode.
‘I'm under-paid right now for sure… compared to the money they're making, it's ridiculous' he said.
‘I'm tired of pretending I'm not special… people can't figure me out, they can't process me. I don't expect them to. You can't process me with a normal brain.'
Sheen also told ABC he was planning on suing CBS over the decision to halt the show.
‘I've got a whole family to support and love. People beyond me are relying on that. I'm here to collect. They're going to lose. They're going to lose in a courtroom, so I would recommend that they settle out of court,' he said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Watch Charlie Sheen ‘s interview with NBC's Today presenter Jeff Rossen:
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
Controversy Brews Over Church's Hallucinogenic Tea Ritual
Enlarge this image toggle caption John Burnett /NPR John Burnett /NPR
A small church in Santa Fe, N.M., has grown up around a unique sacrament. Twice a month, the congregation meets in a ritualized setting to drink Brazilian huasca tea, which has psychoactive properties said to produce a trance-like state.
The Supreme Court confirmed the UDV church's right to exist in 2006. The church doesn't seek new members and prefers to keep a low profile. It did, however, agree for the first time to open up to a journalist.
UDV stands for Uniao do Vegetal — literally translated "the union of the plants." Huasca tea is brewed from two plants: a vine and the leaves of a bush found in the Amazonian forest. The concoction contains DMT, which is considered a powerful and illegal hallucinogen by the Drug Enforcement Administration.
Anthropologists who've trekked to the Amazon to try the "vine of the soul," as it's called, have described the intense experience it produces as death, returning to the cosmic uterus and rebirth.
The Church Service
So, this is no ordinary congregation, even though it sounds like people are arriving for a church supper.
Sixty people are gathering inside a large salon in a nondescript adobe house south of Santa Fe. They're hugging, visiting and pulling on forest-green shirts with the letters UDV on the pocket in preparation for tonight's session.
The Santa Fe church is the largest of the six UDV congregations in the country, numbering only 300 members in all. There are 17,000 practitioners in Brazil, where the church started.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Nha/Flickr Nha/Flickr
The UDV in the U.S. is extremely media shy, fearing misunderstanding and caricaturing of its beliefs and practices. Most members are private about their huasca religion. (The church elders who invited NPR asked not to record interviews with individual members.)
Barbara, an electrologist, says the tea cured her Lyme disease; Satara, a substitute teacher, claims huasca amplifies perception of herself and the world — like turning up the volume on a radio. Joaquin, a tattooed massage therapist, says the tea is much more spiritual than tripping on acid; and Pete, a martial arts teacher, says he's here to be part of a community of people all trying to get closer to God.
One of things that strikes you about this church is how structured it is.
The lengthy bylaws are read during every ceremony. Members wear uniforms. They sit in identical folding green chairs arranged in concentric rings facing an altar — above hangs a picture of the young religion's founder, José Gabriel da Costa. Mestre Gabriel, to his followers, was a Brazilian rubber tapper who tried huasca and created a religion around it in 1961.
People turn serious as soon as a bell rings.
Not 'A Drug At All'
We don't consider the tea to be a drug at all. The effect of the tea is that it increases a person's ability to feel and perceive reality.
Tai Bixby is a real estate broker and representative mestre, or head pastor, of the Santa Fe congregation.
"We don't consider the tea to be a drug at all," Bixby says. "The effect of the tea is that it increases a person's ability to feel and perceive reality."
Jeffrey Bronfman, national UDV vice president, says people use it to connect with their spirituality.
"The tea is really an instrument to help us get in touch with our own spiritual nature. It's not something that takes people into a state of disorientation," Bronfman says.
'Ayahuasca' Tourism
Curiosity about the psychedelic tea has led to a boom in ayahuasca tourism — another name for the brew. More than 40 ayahuasca lodges in Peru advertise on the Internet with pitches like, "Your vibrations will begin to harmonize with the flow of nature! Click here for rates."
Some of the experiences turn out badly. Articles have described a few spiritual seekers who've died or gone berserk during rituals and women who've been molested by unscrupulous shamans.
Peter Gorman is a journalist, former editor of High Times magazine and a veteran ayahuasca practitioner who lives south of Fort Worth. He says the UDV church couldn't be more different than ayahuasca tourism.
"UDV is private," Gorman says. "If you knocked on their door, you wouldn't get in. That's different than someone who says, 'I'll charge everybody $500, I'll get 15 people Friday, 15 people Saturday, and I'll get 30 people at $500, $15,000."
And with many already wanting to experience the drug, UDV has refrained from advertising.
"Honestly, the degree to which people find us and want to come and become involved is at an accelerated rate already for us. So we're not looking to add to it by promoting," Bronfman says.
The UDV church in the U.S. has fought for its right to drink the tea.
In 1999, federal agents seized a load of huasca at Bronfman's Santa Fe office. It led to a seven-year legal fight that went all the way to the Supreme Court. A unanimous opinion held that if Native Americans can eat peyote legally, then the UDV can drink huasca.
The 2006 decision has since been cited in more than 300 federal cases.
Opponents Speak Up
The legal battles are not over. In recent years, neighbors have been trying to thwart the building of a permanent UDV temple.
At a hearing before the Santa Fe Board of County Commissioners in 2011, neuroscientist Dr. Robert Eaton worried about psychedelic pollutants in groundwater.
They're going to go home at all hours of the night and they're going to wake people up. That is what has got people really upset, really nervous.
"I'm here to address the neurotoxic hazard of releasing ayahuasca alkaloids into the environment from the UDV septic system," Eaton said.
Lawyer Karl Sommer complained about cars leaving the church after a service.
"They're going to go home at all hours of the night and they're going to wake people up," Sommer said. "That is what has got people really upset, really nervous."
Late last year, the county settled with UDV. The agreement includes the construction of a water treatment plant and a wall around the future facility. Though the neighbors' lawsuit is still active, the church is pressing ahead for a building permit for its new temple, says national UDV President Solar Law.
"We're growing slowly and gradually and working to clarify our position before the authorities to really gain this right that other churches have to have a dignified place to exist within the landscape of this country," Law says.
Time For Tea
Back at the huasca ceremony, after the bell is rung, the consumption of the tea begins.
The smiling, green-shirted congregants line up at the altar. The chief mestre fills their glasses with a murky liquid that looks like tamarind juice. Church leaders bring the tea up from Brazil several times a year in locked containers, along with a permission form from the DEA.
On cue, the UDV faithful raise their glasses and chant in Portuguese, "May God guide us on the path of light forever and ever. Amen, Jesus." The church calls itself a Christian spiritist religion.
Then it's bottoms up.
Some reach for fruit and Altoids to kill the bitter taste. A few head to the bathroom to vomit. They settle into their chairs, position pillows and blankets to get comfortable, and then the four-hour ceremony of the Church of the Union of Plants commences with all the excitement of watching a roomful of people fall asleep in front of a TV.
THE LEADER of a Muslim sect has become the first person to be jailed in Australia over female genital mutilation, a Supreme Court Justice saying a strong message had to be sent to other religious heads that the practise would not be tolerated.
In a surprise reversal of his original sentencing intentions Justice Peter Johnson this morning jailed Shabbir Mohammedbhai Vaziri, 59, the leader of the sect called Dawoodi Bohra to at least 11 months' jail for his part in trying to cover up the female genital mutilation of two sisters when they were aged six and seven.
The girls' mother, 39, who can't be named to protect the sisters' identities, was sentenced to at least 11 months' home detention for arranging her daughters to have their clitorises cut on two different occasions in Wollongong and in Sydney between October 2009 and August 2012.
media_camera Kubra Magennis, the former midwife who carried out the procedure, was sentenced to 11 months' home detention.
The former midwife who carried out the procedure, Kubra Magennis, 72, was also sentenced to at least 11 months' home detention.
Justice Johnson originally sentenced Vaziri in March to 11 months' home detention for trying to thwart the police investigation by telling his followers to deny they practised FGM.
That home detention was delayed until Vaziri could be assessed to ensure he was a suitable candidate to serve his sentence in the community.
But Justice Johnson changed his mind and jailed Vaziri following a sermon by the religious sect's world leader in India, Syedna Mufaddal Saifuddin, in which he appeared to tell followers they should continue the practise of FGM known as “khatna”.
In what appeared to be a direct rebuke to that, Justice Johnson said that he expected “a strong message should be sent to male Dawoodi Bohra religious leaders that criminal acts such as those committed by the offender Mr Vaziri for the purposes of covering up the performance of khatna and deflect a police investigation of FGM offences ought to be met by sentences of full-time imprisonment.
media_camera Shabbir Mohammedbhai Vaziri (centre) showed no emotion after the judge's ruling.
“The same strong message should be sent to leaders of other communities where FGM is practised that if they become liable as an accessory after the fact to Section 45 offences by way of covering up or deflecting police investigations, they too will be met by stern punishment.”
Vaziri showed no emotion as he was handcuffed and led to the cells.
Vaziri, Magennis and the girl's mother fought the charges but were convicted by a Supreme Court jury last year in the first successful prosecution for FGM in Australia.
After their conviction last year the Dawoodi Bohra world headquarters in India sent out edicts to followers in all countries were FGM is illegal telling them to stop practising khatna.
But in India, where FGM is not illegal, the Syedna gave a sermon in April where he appeared to support the sect's centuries-old practise of khatna.
This week he clarified his position, telling his Indian followers that they must perform khatna on their daughters, saying it was a “religious obligation” and an act of “religious purity.”
Image: iStock
University of Queensland researchers have joined an international team of more than 400 scientists from 26 institutions to create the most accurate measurement ever made of dark matter structure in the universe.
UQ School of Mathematics and Physics Cosmologist Professor Tamara Davis said the Dark Energy Survey showed a stunning map of the distribution of dark matter.
"The survey supports the view that dark matter and dark energy make up most of the cosmos," she said. "We have been working with the international team for the past five years, so it is thrilling to see that work come to fruition with these first major results."
Davis says this is the largest guide to spotting dark matter in the cosmos ever drawn, and is a great example of what can be achieved when researchers come together to work on fundamental problems.
UQ PhD student Samuel Hinton, who wrote scientific software used in the analysis, said that until now the most precise cosmological measurements were those inferred from observations of the early universe as it was almost 14 billion years ago.
The Dark Energy Survey represents the first time scientists have achieved similar precision on the amount and "clumpiness" of dark matter in the present-day.
Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory scientist Professor Scott Dodelson said the result was "beyond exciting".
"For the first time, we're able to see the current structure of the universe with the same clarity that we can see its infancy, and we can follow the threads from one to the other, confirming many predictions along the way," he said.
The results support the theory that 26 per cent of the universe is in the form of mysterious dark matter and that space is filled with an also-unseen dark energy.
To measure the dark matter, the survey team first created maps of galaxy positons and traces. They then precisely measured the shapes of 26 million galaxies, using a technique called gravitational lensing.
To make the ultra-precise measurements, the team developed new ways to detect tiny lensing distortions of galaxy images – an effect not visible to the eye – enabling revolutionary advances in understanding cosmic signals.
The new dark matter map is 10 times the size of a map released in 2015 and will eventually be three times larger than it is now.
The primary instrument for the Dark Energy Survey is the 570-megapixel Dark Energy Camera, one of the most powerful in existence, able to capture digital images of light from galaxies eight billion light years from Earth.
Scientists on the Dark Energy Survey are using the camera to map an eighth of the sky in unprecedented detail over five years. The fifth year of observation will begin in this month.
The new results draw only from data collected during the survey's first year, which covers one 30th of the sky.
[Dark Energy Survey]
Teeth like these might seem Transylvanian but this isn't really the face of Dracula. Despite the fangs the musk deer, sometimes nicknamed the vampire deer, won't suck your blood. No, at the very worst it'll just wipe its butt on you.
So what's with the teeth?
In all actuality the musk deer isn't much of a deer. A close analysis of their genetics and strange appearance has revealed they've got more in common with sheep, goats, cattle and African antelope than other deer. It seems that musk deer separated from ancestral deer a long time ago, and perhaps the most obvious clue for this is their lack of antlers.
Males instead grow elongated canines (vampire fangs) in their upper jaw, which are then used for the same purpose as deer use antlers (or men post gym selfies) – to show the other males they're way tougher. In all seven species of musk deer it is also only the males that do the butt rubbing.
And why the butt rubbing?
This comes down to the musk part of the musk deer's name. Males have a scent gland the size of a tennis ball near their genitals that secretes musk – their secret weapon for reeling in the ladies. So to attract females and spread the love/musk, they go around and wipe their butt on stuff.
And don't underestimate the power of musk because humans can't seem to get enough of it either. It's one of the most expensive animal products, with 1g worth over $250, and almost 1000kg consumed each year. This is because musk is used to make expensive perfumes and colognes as well as being huge in Chinese medicine.
So fancy that, you could be spraying some musk deer secretion on you every time you go to work or popping it into your Chinese medicine taking mouth. Luckily there are sustainable farms it can be collected from but they still don't meet demand.
I just think maybe don't make perfume out of a deer's butt stuff or find more evidence of it's medicinal properties before we continue to farm them, because these incredible organisms are far too musky, tusky and odd to part with!
References
Feldhamer, G. A., & McShea, W. J. (2012). Deer: The Animal Answer Guide. JHU Press.
Meng, X., Liu, D., Feng, J., & Meng, Z. (2012). Asian medicine: exploitation of wildlife. Science, 335(6073), 1168-1168.
Meng, X., Zhao, C., Hui, C., & Luan, X. (2011). Behavioral aspects of captive Alpine musk deer during non-mating season: gender differences and monthly patterns. Asia.-Austr. J. Anim. Sci, 24, 707-712.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Over at Vox, Christopher Faricy tells us that both Democrats and Republicans like to give away free stuff:
The main difference between the two political parties is not whether to deliver government benefits to supporters but rather who those supporters are. The Republican Party's core socioeconomic voting groups are wealthier households and businesses, both of which benefit when social welfare is provided through the tax code rather than through explicit spending.
We are talking here of tax expenditures, that lovely oxymoron in which welfare for the rich is disguised as a tax cut. Tax expenditures include just about anything that gives people a tax break: health savings accounts, retirement accounts, the mortgage interest deduction, and so forth. These are usually pitched as ways to help the average Joe, but in fact the average Joe usually doesn't take much advantage of them. And when the average Joe does, his tax rate is low enough that it doesn't help much.
But high earners are a different story. About 70 percent of the benefit of all tax expenditures goes to top earners. For that reason, the chart on the right should come as no surprise: Republicans love tax expenditures, while Democrats are lukewarm about them. On average, tax expenditures have gone up about 12 percent under Republicans, but less than 5 percent under Democrats.
Bottom line: To quote Jeb Bush, the Republican message is “Get in line, and we'll take care of you with free stuff.” But only if the free stuff goes to corporations and the wealthy.
UFC's Khabib Nurmagomedov I'll 'Cut My Leg' Off to Make Weight ... at UFC 219
Khabib Nurmagomedov Says He'll Cut His Leg Off to Make Weight at UFC 219
EXCLUSIVE
Khabib Nurmagomedov says he's going "The Walking Dead" route to make weight at UFC 219 -- telling TMZ Sports he'll hack off his own leg to hit 155 pounds in 10 days.
Don't worry -- he's kidding ... we think.
"I'm gonna cut my leg ... right or left, I don't know," Khabib told us out in Century City.
On the real, Nurmagomedov says he's sick of everyone hating on his diet ... after a weight-cutting issue forced him outta his fight with Tony Ferguson ﻿back in March.
Speaking of Tony ... Khabib says he could whoop both Ferguson and Conor McGregor IN THE SAME NIGHT ... and he seemed dead serious about that, too.
This dude is scary. Also hilarious.
Lonzo Ball has heard all the comparisons between himself and Jason Kidd. So too, it seems, has Kidd. Thus far, the Milwaukee Bucks head coach likes what he sees.
“Lonzo Ball, I guess, has gotten a lot of comparisons [to me],” Kidd told the On Par Podcast (skip to the 24-minute mark). “Watching him in Vegas [at Summer League], he understands the floor, he understands the situation, he finds the open guy. Only time will tell. He might be better than I am.”
If Kidd could change anything about the Los Angeles Lakers' rookie, he'd take a sledgehammer to the 19-year-old's unorthodox jump shot.
“I think you got to try to fix it because there's going to be times when the defense is going to sit on it,” Kidd explained. “Being a young player in this league, you don't understand, ‘How can I make the game easier for you?' Because you rely on your talent.
“But as veterans, those words are key because if you can make the game easier for me, I can play longer and I can be more efficient. So for Ball, I think you got to look at him being able to work on the jump shot because of being able to only go one way without it being defended well.”
Kidd's wisdom here comes from experience. He shot 33.3 percent from three during his two seasons in college at Cal and was an inconsistent marksman early on in his pro career. He was tagged with the nickname “Ason Kidd” because he had no J.
Over the course of his 19 NBA seasons, Kidd molded himself into a credible outside threat and retired among the top-five all-time in three-point makes (he now ranks eighth).
If Ball can knock down long-range looks as well as Kidd once did, he'll be all the better equipped to control the flow of the game and set up his teammates with his preternatural passing ability.
Just don't expect Lonzo to take J-Kidd's advice right away. Any change in the kid's mechanics will likely have to wait until his first full offseason in 2018.
Sam Dekker, former Wisconsin Badger and soon-to-be NBA player, spoke a deep, deep truth on Tuesday.
He said something so basic that it probably shouldn't even be news, except that it's something very few athletes ever really want to say.
“What players do you look to? What are the guys that you say, ‘I'd like to pattern my game after him or these people together?'” HuffPost Live host Marc Lamont Hill asked Dekker on Tuesday afternoon.
“Well, there's a few,” Dekker said, obviously knowing what he was about to say, but questioning how exactly to say it. “Um, you know, there's always, there's always, me, um, the way I play, being a white guy, a lot of times you get compared to other white guys.”
Bingo.
“Which isn't fair because your game isn't necessarily like a particular white guy,” Hill correctly noted.
“I mean, if you go down that line, guys like Gordon Hayward, Chandler Parsons, you know, guys of this era right now that are pretty athletic who can get up and down, stretch the floor, shoot the ball, put it on the floor,” Dekker said.
But don't go down that line, Sam. Don't fall into the racial trap. You don't even really play like those guys. Who do you really play like?
“Another guy I kind of like watching is Trevor Ariza,” he said.
Double bingo, Sam.
A simple yet powerful encounter at a fantasy and sci-fi convention is showing why representation is so important for young kids.
Last week, 25-year-old cosplayer Charles Conley shared an inspiring story on Facebook.
Conley, who has been cosplaying since 2011, attended the multigenre convention, Dragon Con, in Atlanta this September. In his now-viral Facebook post, he wrote about his decision to dress as Batman for the convention.
“As many of you know I've had to deal with issues regarding bigots who can't seem to wrap their mind around the idea of a black guy cosplaying Batman, because ‘Batman is historically white, there are plenty of black characters you could do instead,'” he wrote. “Well I cosplay Batman because I love the character and because representation matters.”
Conley said he was walking around in his Dark Knight costume when he came across a little boy with his mom. Conley explained that the boy was a person of color and wearing his own black-and-yellow Batman outfit.
“He couldn't have been more than 5 or 6,” he said.
“This little boy saw me approaching and immediately stopped dead in his tracks, tugging at his mother's hand,” the cosplayer recalled. “I could see him point at his hand (the skin) and then pointing to me.”
Courtesy of Charles Conley An meaningful encounter with a little boy reminded Conley why representation matters.
Conley approached the boy, who was a little frightened by his full armor outfit, so he knelt down and put out his hand for a high five.
“With all the force he could muster he slapped my hand, with the biggest smile on his face,” Conley wrote. “He told me he wanted to ask me something so, still kneeling I leaned in with my ear.
‘Batman,' he said timidly, ‘You're brown, just like me! Does that mean that I can be a real superhero someday too? I don't see a lot of brown superheroes...'”
The cosplayer said the little boy's words “touched the deepest part of [his] soul.”
Courtesy of Charles Conley He told the little boy, "You can be any superhero you want to be and don't ever let anyone tell you different."
“If you know me, you know that I don't ever break character but I broke down when he said that,” he wrote. Breaking his own cosplay rule, Conley then removed his cowl to show the boy his face. Seeing the boy light up made him tear up even more, he said.
“I looked this kid dead in the eye and said ‘you can be any superhero you want to be and don't ever let anyone tell you different. Being a brown superhero is a very special thing, and I know you're going to make a great one.'”
The boy nodded, and his mother thanked him for making her son's day. Conley said he then put his cowl back on, wiped away his tears and tried to get back into character as Batman.
Courtesy of Charles Conley “These kids are growing up in a country where you can so easily feel like ‘less than' because your skin is darker,” Conley wrote.
“These kids are growing up in a country where you can so easily feel like ‘less than' because your skin is darker,” Conley wrote. “Police brutality and racism are being made ever so visible by today's multimedia outlets, and these kids aren't blind, they take that in.”
Ha added, “For kids like this little boy, the idea that you can one day be a superhero, no matter what your skin color is, opens up a whole new world for them. This is why I cosplay. This is why I'm The Batman.”
Conley concluded with the hashtag #RepresentationMatters. The post received over 11,000 likes and 5,000 shares, and the comments section is filled with supportive responses.
He told The Huffington Post that he shared the story to show why diversity matters.
“I also just thought it'd be nice to share this heartfelt experience I had,” he added.
Courtesy of Charles Conley “There are not very many heroes of color in the mainstream world, and kids ― contrary to what you may believe ― see that and take it to heart,” Conley told HuffPost.
Conley has a prop-building business called Ebony Warrior Studios and also works as a chef. He said the response to his story has been “overwhelming,” as he's received messages from as far away as New Zealand.
The cosplayer told HuffPost that he hopes people who read his story realize that representation matters for kids. “There are not very many heroes of color in the mainstream world, and kids ― contrary to what you may believe ― see that and take it to heart,” he said.
“It's so very important to let them know they have just as much opportunity to be one of these great superheroes,” he added. “Love the skin that you're in, don't think you have to change it to be accepted or ‘accurate.'”
Courtesy of Charles Conley “Everyone has the opportunity to be a hero,” Conley said.
He also noted that he doesn't want to be seen as just “Black Batman” in the cosplay world.
“I may have beautiful chocolate skin but that does not define my cosplay,” he said. “So I'm not cosplaying ‘Black' Batman. I am Batman. It's not who I am underneath but what I do that defines me.”
Conley said he was bullied as a child and knows what it's like to feel inferior.
“I am Batman today because I don't ever what any kids to feel what I used to feel. I want them to know that there is hope,” he told HuffPost. “I pray that a short big-headed kid with thick glasses sees this a realizes that I used to be just like that.”
New transit option around waterfront and downtown
Posted on July 13th, 2017 by Sara
By reporter Steven Smalley
Beginning earlier this week, your trips between the Waterfront, Colman Dock, Westlake Center, and the downtown core have another option. Seattle Waterfront Connex is in a transit service testing phase between now and September. The initial trial is operated by the Emerald City Trolley in private-public partnership. Everyone is invited to try it for sightseeing or commuting.
The Seattle Waterfront Connex runs from 7:30 a.m. to 9:00 p.m., 7 days per week. Morning schedule aligns with ferry sailings from Colman Dock. Afternoon schedule aligns with departures from Colman Dock. To track the arrival of your closest vehicle, download the app at translocrider(dot)com and select Seattle Waterfront Connect from the transit options.
Daily, weekly, monthly, and seasonal passes are for sale.
Click the link to see the route and schedule. Waterfront Connex runs through downtown and the waterfront counterclockwise every 45 minutes for $3 per trip. The bus is free this week.
Sorry, no photos of the actual vehicles were on the Connex website.
https://rideseattleconnex.com/routes-schedules/
A story written by children's author Beatrix Potter more than 100 years ago will be published in September.
The manuscript, titled The Tale Of Kitty-In-Boots, was rediscovered two years ago by publisher Jo Hanks.
Illustrator Quentin Blake, best known for illustrating Roald Dahl's books, will be doing the drawings for the tale.
Blake said: “It seemed almost incredible when, early in 2015, I was sent the manuscript of a story by Beatrix Potter, one which had lain unpublished for a hundred years and which, with the exception of a single drawing, she had never illustrated.”
He said he liked the story instantly and added: “I have a strange feeling that it might have been waiting for me.”
Hanks, publisher of Potter's works for Penguin Random House, said Blake was the perfect choice to illustrate the new tale because he “understands what makes a story engaging for children and adults, just as Potter did”.
Two years ago Hanks found a reference to the manuscript in a out-of-print literary history about the author.
The book referenced a letter that Potter had sent her publisher back in 1914, in which she mentioned the new tale and described it as being about “a well-behaved prime black Kitty cat, who leads rather a double life”.
Potter's children's book The Tale Of Peter Rabbit was an instant success after being picked up in 1902 by British children's publisher Frederick Warne & Co.
This year marks the 150th anniversary since Potter's birth.
PA
fullscreen continue view fullscreen close
Earlier this summer, it was announced that the Museum of Moving Image in Queens would be hosting an exhibit to commemorate the end of Breaking Bad: "From Mr. Chips to Scarface: Walter White's Transformation in Breaking Bad." You still have until October 27th to head over to Astoria and check it out in person. But in the meantime, you can see some of the items on display—including the pink teddy bear, Gus's box cutter, the Heisenberg sketch, and those iconic tighty whities—in the photos above.
In other Breaking Bad news, the Saul Goodman prequel has gotten the go-ahead, Jimmy Fallon parodied the show with "Joking Bad," New Mexico Goodwill will be auctioning off memorabilia from the show, actor Dean Norris thinks Hank hasn't broken bad, New Yorkers are lining up for their own Heisenberg-esque pork pie hats, and this Sunday's episode is probably going to be insane and amazing.
Back in March, the Republican-controlled North Carolina legislature passed and Gov. Pat McCrory signed into law the controversial House Bill 2, which requires people to use public bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificate, removes sexual orientation from the state's nondiscrimination policy and bars local governments from raising the minimum wage above the state's.
The so-called "bathroom bill" sparked fierce opposition from human rights advocates and an economic boycott, with companies, film productions and high-profile sporting events pulling out of the state in protest of the discriminatory law. HB2's economic toll was estimated at up to $700 million at the time of the November election, and an ABC News exit poll found 66 percent of North Carolina voters opposed it.
In six state contests, HB2 appears to have played a role in the outcome, as champions of the law either lost or are trailing their opponents in still-unsettled races.
Governor
In a state that Republican President-elect Donald Trump won by 4 percentage points and incumbent GOP U.S. Sen. Richard Burr won by 6 points, McCrory is trailing his Democratic challenger, Attorney General Roy Cooper, by about 5,000 votes, with more ballots to be counted and McCrory challenging votes in 52 of North Carolina's 100 counties.
Cooper refused to defend HB2 in court, calling it "discrimination" and a "national embarrassment" and saying that "it will set North Carolina's economy back." He campaigned against HB2 and received support from LGBT advocacy groups.
Outside groups unaffiliated with campaigns spent heavily on the governors race, which drew at least $14.7 million in outside spending, shattering the 2012 total of $8.1 million. Some outside groups backed Cooper because of his anti-HB2 stance, while others supported McCrory for signing and defending the law.
The pro-LGBT Human Rights Campaign's PAC joined with state-based Equality North Carolina's Action Fund PAC in an initiative called TurnOUT N.C., which mobilized voters to cast ballots for HRC- and Equality N.C.-endorsed candidates, including Cooper. HRC has reported spending over $1 million on a TV ad, online ads including some benefiting Cooper, telephone calls and staff time. While the reports do not indicate who some of the expenditures targeted, it's clear that much of the money spent by HRC supported Cooper.
The N.C. Values Coalition and its affiliated independent expenditure PAC together spent nearly $550,000 on TV and digital ads attacking Cooper for his opposition to HB2. Funding those ads were a mysterious new Chapel Hill-based limited liability corporation called Ad Valorem; the political spending arm of the Washington, D.C.-based Family Research Council, which the Southern Policy Law Center considers an anti-LGBT hate group; the Colorado-based Family Policy Alliance, an ally of the Family Research Council with a North Carolina branch that advocated for HB2's passage; and the National Organization for Marriage, which opposes same-sex marriage and transgender rights. The Family Policy Alliance also spent over $23,000 on "Vote Your Values" mailers backing McCrory.
Attorney general
The race to replace Cooper as state attorney general pitted Democrat Josh Stein, a former state senator, against current Republican state Sen. Buck Newton. As chair of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Newton served as the sponsor of HB2 when it moved through his chamber and has been an outspoken defender of the law.
Stein often brought up Newton's support for HB2 while campaigning and released an ad calling Newton "the cheerleader for HB2." Stein leads Newton by over 20,000 votes, but Newton has not yet conceded. While the race drew at least $4.2 million in outside spending, it's unclear if any of it referenced HB2. Stein also benefited from the pro-LGBT TurnOUT N.C. campaign.
State legislature
A liberal, state-based outside spending group, N.C. Families First, sent hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of mailers attacking Republican state House members for supporting HB2. In two liberal-leaning urban counties, Wake and Mecklenburg, the efforts appear to have worked.
In Wake County, home to the state capital of Raleigh, Families First targeted incumbent state Reps. Gary Pendleton and Marilyn Avila. In Mecklenburg County, home of Charlotte, the group took aim at incumbent state Rep. Rob Bryan and Beth Danae Caulfield, who ran for the open District 92 seat against Democrat Chaz Beasley. Pendleton, Bryan and Caulfield all lost close races, while Avila, an HB2 sponsor, trails her challenger by about 400 votes in a race that has still not been called.
Legislative candidates and the state Democratic Party used the same tactic as the outside spending group. Democrat Mary Belk, who unseated Bryan, produced an ad associating her opponent with McCrory and the hundreds of millions of dollars in economic losses for Mecklenburg County because of HB2.
Meanwhile, the Democratic Party sponsored an ad criticizing Wake County state Sens. Tamara Barringer and Chad Barefoot for "helping McCrory pass HB2." Barefoot kept his seat, while Barringer is hanging on by 1 point and has not yet officially been declared the winner.
Good question: just how much did Jeb! Bush ends up spending per vote in the Iowa caucuses? He began his campaign with money to burn, and for months, political cartoons have shown Bush doing just that, shoveling cash into a steam engine. Nate Silver, editor-in-chief of FiveThirtyEight, has a shocking estimate to report, with Bush standing at about 3 percent of the vote in Iowa with half of the votes reported.
Jeb Bush is projecting to win one Iowa caucus vote for every $25,000 spent by Right to Rise. https://t.co/r2tI2Y0rV1 — Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 money well spent. 🙂 burn that Republican donor money!! — Troy Dashiell (@TDashiell) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 He'd do better if he could just pay the voter. Yet another case of government regulation making a market inefficient. — Roger Taylor (@DumbKoans) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 So his problem, then, is that he just didn't spend enough! — Michael Leiman (@mleiman1) February 2, 2016
Exactly.
@NateSilver538 @murphymike Hey Right to Rise, if you just go ahead and give me $25K, I'll vote for him too in SC primary! Save the ad buy! — Ron Winkles (@RonWinkles) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 @delong Wall Street backed this guy with millions of bucks. And these guys run the country. Go figure. — Jerry Anderson (@MoneyTraderBlog) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 Isn't that about how much Bloomberg spent to win his last mayoral election? Jeb! was smart enough to blow other people's $. — Scott Fogleman (@skf727) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 That doesn't sound worth it. — takashi yamamoto (@drunkenalpaca) February 2, 2016
@NateSilver538 well it's a good thing his donors have deep pockets then — Spider Av (@kliksf) February 2, 2016
customer acquisition cost from @NateSilver538 — The Panic (@Gunntwitt) February 2, 2016
It lasted 11 games. It was confined to 19 days. It spanned two countries and four cities, and there was a moment in the middle there when you started to wonder if your eyes were playing Jedi mind tricks on you.
These things simply don't happen, not in professional sports, not in the 21st Century, not when basketball players are first spotted as fifth-graders, their every move thereafter painstakingly recorded and charted and filmed and digested. You can't simply drop out of the sky, like some basketball Sidd Finch (only real). Doesn't happen. Can't happen.
And yet Linsanity happened.
It's a matter of record. It's a matter of history. It's a matter of memory. It was a stretch of excellence that a basketball-starved city embraced as it would a long-lost son, one it still recalls fondly even as the star of that unparalleled show, Jeremy Lin, sits in street clothes on the other side of the Manhattan Bridge, an eternal reminder of how fickle these things can be.
Five years somehow have passed since Linsanity overtook Madison Square Garden, overwhelmed New York City, overhauled the imagination of Knicks fans who were looking for something, anything, they could believe in. Next Saturday, in fact, will mark exactly five years from the moment Lin tore off his warm-ups at the Garden, hopped to the scorer's table, and checked in for Iman Shumpert with 3 minutes and 35 seconds left in the first quarter of a game with the Nets.
It was a wrinkle in time that still can take your breath away once you realize, all over again, that this wasn't a fantasy. This was real. This happened.
This is what it was like:
Part One: Linvincible!
That was The Post's first back-page pun, though it was only a “trace” — a secondary box at the top of the page, teasing a story inside — on Sunday morning, Feb. 5, 2012. There was a good reason for that: Jeremy Lin could have scored 100 points the night before and the big story was still going to be the Giants playing the Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI later that day.
Still, as these things go, that was an awfully interesting oh-by-the-way. The Knicks entered the game 8-15 for the lockout-shortened season. They were playing a third straight night and already had lost the first two. They would fall behind 30-18 in this one. They desperately were awaiting the arrival of a point guard they believed held the key to turning the whole season around.
But it wasn't Jeremy Lin.
It was Baron Davis.
“We want when he comes back he could stay back and not risk the in-and-out and all that stuff,” Knicks coach Mike D'Antoni said of Davis, who had yet to don his No. 85 jersey.
Then Lin came in, he shot 10-for-19, scored 19 of his 25 points in the second half, he handed out seven assists, he completely dominated the Nets' Deron Williams. Before long the Garden was chanting “JER-E-MEEEE!” and “M-V-P!” and the Knicks were enjoying a 99-92 win, and Lin was shaking his head after the game, as surprised as anyone.
“The night hasn't sunk in yet,” he said. “I'm kind of shocked by everything that happened. I'm trying to soak it all in.”
D'Antoni, who believed he was a day or two away from getting fired, immediately suggested Lin was his new starting point guard, which was remarkable when you consider that for most of the year Lin was the team's fifth option at that position — behind Toney Douglas, Mike Bibby, Shumpert and Davis.
“We've got to go back to that well,” he said.
Others weren't quite so sold.
“I think,” Nets coach Avery Johnson said, “he'll have a good day at church tomorrow.”
But over the next two games, Lin hinted that his Saturday night Garden special wasn't a fluke. In a 99-88 home win against the Jazz, he shot 10-for-17, scored 28, and handed out eight assists. Two nights later, in Washington, he had 23 and 10 assists in outdueling the Wizards' John Wall.
That last game especially was notable because the Knicks were without both Amare Stoudemire, who was tending to a death in the family, and Carmelo Anthony, sidelined with a groin injury. And also because Lin dunked on a breakaway, causing the sellout crowd at Verizon Center to explode in a frenzy.
“Indescribable,” Lin said. “I don't think anyone saw this coming, including me.”
Steve Nash gushed on Twitter: “If you love sports you have to love what Jeremy Lin is doing. Getting an opportunity and exploding!!”
Quoth the Post: ALL-LIN!
Part Two: the Peak
Lin already was blowing up the Garden's box office. In a wonderful scheduling quirk, the Knicks would play five of their next seven games at home, and the secondary ticket market already was commanding upwards of 40 percent mark-ups for tickets that, a week earlier, they were lucky to sell for $5.
First up were the Lakers, in the first phase of decline but still formidable, and still boasting Kobe Bryant — suddenly the No. 2 drawing card of the night, and none too happy about that.
“I know who he is but I don't really know what's going on too much with them,” Kobe said the night before, in Boston, amazed that somehow this kid, Lin, had upstaged even a Lakers-Celtics game 200 miles away. “Honestly, I don't even know what he's done.”
He would find out. Soon. It wasn't just that Lin scored 38 that night — four more than Kobe — it was how he scored them, and when. Every time Bryant tried to nudge the Lakers close, Lin would answer. Sometimes outside. Sometimes inside. Always — always — accompanied by the roar of 19,763 acolytes who now believed Lin capable of just about anything as he finished off a 92-85 win.
The Post was convinced: “LINSTANT KARMA!”
And so was Kobe.
“Kids should look up to him,” Bryant said, duly impressed and truly amazed. “See what hard work can do.”
The Knicks had won four games in a row. D'Antoni — being fitted for a gangplank less than a week earlier — was being hailed as “the perfect coach for the perfect player.” And the roll continued. In Minnesota the night after the Lakers game, Lin inched back to earth — shooting 8-for-24 — but his free throw broke a 98-all tie with 4.9 seconds left.
“JEREMY WIN!” noted The Post.
Three nights later, in Toronto, came the first tangible evidence of just how big this phenomenon had gotten. No longer could Lin talk to reporters in a locker room; from now on, there would be formal press conferences. The number of international media jumped significantly. And it seemed the Knicks would finally succumb to the laws of probability, trailing by 12 early in the fourth quarter and by nine, 86-77, with four minutes to go.
Then, down 87-84 with 1:12 left Lin — struggling all night with his shot, eight turnovers to mostly cancel out 11 assists — drove, knocked down a short jumper, was fouled, and tied the game with a free throw. One stop and one offensive rebound later, he squared up from 25 feet, and when the ball splashed through there were just nine-tenths of a second left. Knicks 90, Raptors 87.
“I don't know when this will end,” D'Antoni said. “Hopefully never.”
Quoth the Post: “LINTERNATIONAL SENSATION!”
Part Three: the Denouement
D'Antoni only was saying what everyone secretly knew: Not even Michael Jordan was Michael Jordan every night of his career. This couldn't last forever … even as Garden tickets spiked beyond belief, even as Lin led highlight shows every night (and the “Nightly News” one night) even as the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in California was besieged by folks wanting to copyright “Linsanity.”
The Knicks' winning streak reached seven — and their record .500, at 15-15 — on Feb. 15 when Lin scored just 10 but dished out 13 assists. New Orleans halted the good times two nights later with an 89-85 win (despite Lin's 26). The meat of Linsanity would last for three more games, culminating with a 99-82 win over the Hawks on Feb. 22 that featured a workmanlike 17 points and nine assists for Lin.
But its final loud, mad rush came on a Sunday afternoon three days earlier, when Lin squared off with Dallas' Jason Kidd — like Lin, a Northern California native whom Lin had grown up idolizing. The Knicks ransacked the defending champs that day, 104-97, and Lin had 28 points and 14 assists (to Kidd's 8 and 4).
“He has taken to D'Antoni's offense, and he looks a little bit like Steve Nash out there,” Kidd marveled afterward. “It is a point guard's dream.”
Those words were immediately related to Lin. It took three days for the smile to wear off.
The Post? This one needed a front page and a back page. “LINTENSE!” to go along with “LINFECTIOUS!”
And then … it was over.
In memory it feels like a plug being kicked out of a wall. In memory, the scene was Miami and the date was Feb. 23, and the Heat did everything but hog-tie Jeremy Lin that night at American Airlines Arena. Actually, that part is true: He shot 1-for-11, turned the ball over eight times, and the Heat — who made no secret that they were tired to death of Linsanity — clobbered the Knicks, 102-88.
In truth, it was more subtle than that. During Linsanty's 11 games, Lin averaged 23.9 points and 9.2 assists, shot 50 percent from the field, 39 percent from 3-point range. In the 14 games beginning with Miami that closed his season, it was 14.5 points, 6.5 assists, 39 percent overall, 29 percent from 3.
Not awful numbers.
But not Linsane ones, either.
The Miami game was the first of a 1-7 stretch that finally cost D'Antoni his job. Mike Woodson replaced him, he refocused the offense on Anthony and Stoudemire, went 18-6 down the stretch, and de-emphasized Lin — who would hurt his knee and, famously, miss the Knicks' five-game playoff loss to Miami. Soon enough the Knicks would refuse to match the poison-pill offer sheet Lin would sign with the Rockets.
And Linsanity would fade, permanently, to the yellowing scrapbooks of memory. Sometimes, it really is hard to believe it happened. Five years ago this week, it happened, and if you were there, if you saw what it was like, heard what it was like … well. You know.
You know it was Lincredible.
Episode 487: The Trouble With The Poverty Line
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pam Fessler/NPR Pam Fessler/NPR
According to the government, there are 46.5 million Americans who live below the poverty line. In other words, that's how many people are officially poor. But pretty much everyone who studies poverty agrees: The way we arrive at this figure is completely wrong.
On today's show, we figure out how we got here, why still measure poverty in a way that so many people agree is wrong, and how could we do it better.
For more, see our stories:
* A College Kid, A Single Mom, And The Trouble With The Poverty Line
* The Poverty Rate Ignores Programs That Fight Poverty
Music: Local Natives' "Wide Eyes." Find us: Twitter/ Facebook/Spotify/ Tumblr. Download the Planet Money iPhone App.
Cardinal George Pell allegedly exposed himself to three boys at Torquay change rooms. "I stand by what I've said, absolutely no doubt. There's no fabrication. It's as I saw it," he said. "I walked in on it, felt very uncomfortable ... it just concerned me." Mr Tyack said he walked in to the change room as Australia's highest-ranking Catholic, then a priest, was towelling himself dry a couple of metres from where the boys were getting dressed. He said he became concerned when he returned from a shower minutes later and found Cardinal Pell still naked, standing with the towel over his shoulder and facing the children, who were now dressed.
"I immediately thought this is not right, there is something amiss here," he told the ABC. "[It was a] very strange situation for an adult to be full-frontal to three young boys." Mr Tyack said he told the boys, aged eight to 10, to leave the change room before telling Cardinal Pell "I know what you're up to. Piss off. Get out of here" and threatening to call the police if he saw him at the club again. Cardinal Pell has emphatically denied all allegations of child sexual abuse against him, including those made in Wednesday's 7.30 program. The ABC reported that Mr Tyack took his concerns about Cardinal Pell to authorities last year. However, Fairfax Media has obtained a copy of a statement by Mr Tyack that shows he first reported the incident to police in Torquay in late 2012. Lyndon Monument has made sex abuse allegations against Cardinal Pell. Credit:Courtesy of ABC
The statement, which is consistent with his comments on Wednesday, was made prior to establishment of the Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse in 2013. "I became immediately concerned because while being gone in the shower for five to 10 minutes, Pell still had not started to get dressed and did not appear as though he was going to," Mr Tyack said in the 2012 statement. "He was just standing there naked in full view of the three boys, still and staring at the boys. I didn't know what had happened while I was gone in the shower, but the boys were standing there looking at him. "I never told anyone about what happened that day with Pell. I always regret that I did not tell the other club members so that they were aware of what was going on. I thought initially it was a once-off of him exposing himself, but the more I hear over the years of the incidents involving victims of the church, the more this incident has played on my mind."
Mr Tyack said he hoped speaking out would be a catalyst for others to come forward. "It's all been about victims but I think it's about time other members of the public who've seen things come forward and give that information to the relevant authorities," he said. "The best form of defence is attack and I think that's basically what [Cardinal Pell's] doing. That's probably the thing that's activated me to say something, knowing that what he's saying is not accurate." The ABC also aired allegations by Lyndon Monument and Damian Dignan, two former students of St Alipius​ Primary school in Ballarat, who claimed Cardinal Pell molested them while playing in the Eureka swimming pool.
In January, police appealed to the public for information about alleged sex crimes at the Eureka pool in the late 1970s. Police said the victims were boys aged eight years old at the time of the alleged incidents, which occurred from 1977 to 1980. "Victoria Police is committed to investigating and bringing to justice those people who prey on children no matter how many years have passed," a police spokeswoman said in January. Loading Victoria Police chief commissioner Graham Ashton on Thursday confirmed Cardinal Pell was the subject of an investigation by the Sano Taskforce involving multiple allegations of child sex abuse going back decades. Email: beau.donelly@fairfaxmedia.com.au
The Cryptocurrency Mass Adoption Challenge
Andrei Popescu Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 8, 2017
Within our history we have experienced some radical revolutions in the money industry; let's briefly recall at least the 2 previous major ones:
In the 16th century there was a radical preposition to replace gold with gold certificates written on paper, physical notes that we carry in our wallets everyday… this idea was so radical that it took 400 years until it became broadly deployed in the mainstream society.
The next one, was in the 1950's and that was with the introduction of cards (debit and credit); and with debit/credit cards people were told that the pieces of paper that had the government seal on them, are now to be replaced with pieces of plastic that have a company and a number on them. Even this idea was radical and it took 50 years for it to hit mainstream.
We are now using digital money, as we get paid via direct deposit and all our transfers and transactions are done using digital systems. All these interactions are literally just 1's and 0's on computers, there's nothing physical related to them anymore. The main problem that we are facing today is that all these transactions and transferring money across borders and across currencies is really expensive and creates friction.
The future of money is programmable, when we combine software and currency, money becomes more than just a static unit of value and we don't have to rely on institutions or any other intermediaries.
This invention from 2009, launched a completely new era and it's called bitcoin. It's an invention that takes an obscure branch of mathematics called cryptography, which is the art of secret writing using math. And this obscure branch of mathematics is applied into the domain of establishing trust between the participants of the system, without giving anyone control over the system. This unique property is what makes bitcoin special.
Cryptocurrency is peer to peer, which is very important, as our traditional financial systems have now become peer - to corporation - to corporation - to peer. Everyone takes a little cut; everyone adds their own power to the system and they take great advantage of that. What's the end result? Billions of people who have no access to the banking system, billions of people who don't have a bank account as many of them don't have even ID. This is an end result to the fact that we have centralized our money.
This era has changed because of bitcoin and cryptocurrencies; for the first time in human history, people everywhere can trust each other and trasact peer to peer; and trust is established, not by some big institution, but by collaboration, by crytography and by smart coding.
In my generation and that is with the introduction of the internet, many people who have grown with the internet even today still fundamentally misunderstand why the internet is special. They look at the internet as a way of publishing, as a system of content. What is different about the internet is that for the first time ever it enabled global freedom for the flow of information. Free-flow of information to anyone in the world who had the capability to connect to the internet. It gives you the power of information without restrictions. That is the magic of the internet!
Anyone can say , speak , read anything without control, without a license, without a diploma, without a qualification, without a certificate, without identity and without censorship; and for my generation and the generations that follow this is normal.
What bitcoin does, is that it creates the exact same circumstances in the category of money, as it enables the free-flow of money and trust and value, all across the world.
Where are we now? Is it too early?
The notion of cryptocurrencies is relatively new, whereas the market represented by crypto is limited to a relatively small community of people who have specific interest in this technology. The number of cryptocurrency-related services offered on the market today is vast, but for the entry-level user navigating within this diversity is very difficult.
The market is there, no doubt about it, but what about timing? Nobody wants to be the next AskJeeves, Webvan, Pets.com or LoudCloud.
Facebook, did not happen earlier (even though there were many attempts for building social networks) because it didn't have enough density of adoption. You didn't have mobile devices that were permanently connected; you didn't have home-based internet that is constantly on, and these are only some of the facts.
I often say that where cryptocurrencies and the other open blockchain technologies are today is approximately where the internet was in 1992, in terms of technology, in terms of infrastructure deployments, in terms of adoption patterns. This technology is definitely where the internet was in 1992, but the hype of crypto and blockchain technologies is around the hype of the internet in 1998.
We have identified the problems: there's not enough liquidity, there's not enough users to grow the adoption, the user interfaces are terrible, the applications (DAPPs) are still at their infant stages, the ease of use/the user-friendliness is not there, the fluctuations/price volatility/speculation undermines the possibility of using them as a value storage.
What we need now is Visionary Entrepreneurs and Hackers, because these people have the mindset optimized for discovery, they have a mind that's optimized for figuring out what's possible. Visionary Entrepreneurs and Hackers look at other people's problems and see them as opportunities.
Applying this mindset on the current velocity of how fast things are evolving is the key to solving the mass adoption challenge.
Didier Drogba has no regrets about leaving Chelsea and has reiterated his desire to see out his two-and-a-half-year contract with Shanghai Shenhua.
Doubt has been cast over the future of Drogba and fellow former Chelsea forward Nicolas Anelka following reports of a power struggle at their new club.
Drogba, who ended his eight-year spell at Stamford Bridge in the summer to move to China, has been linked with a return to the Premier League but insists he has no plans to leave Shanghai.
"I'm here. I just arrived, like, two months ago," the Ivory Coast international said. "I'm really happy here – I am. I am really happy here. So I have no reasons to leave. I don't want to leave. I want to stay here as long as I can, win some trophies with my team, and make our fans very happy. It's difficult at the moment but I know that there is hope, and I believe."
Asked how long he saw himself staying with the Chinese Super League club, Drogba said: "My contract. My contract is two-and-a-half years and maybe more. Maybe more and I hope more because I'm really happy here.
"I miss the Premier League because it's the best league in the world but, really, I don't regret my choice."
Tom Ince set to sign for Hull City as Steve Bruce continues to strengthen Tigers squad
Tom Ince has agreed a contract with Hull City after turning down the chance to move to Inter Milan
The 22-year-old son of Paul Ince is now poised to sign for the Tigers
Hull are also closing in on Norwich City's Robert Snodgrass
Hull City hope to take a step closer to signing Tom Ince.
The 22-year-old has agreed a contract with Hull and is poised to sign. The fee will be determined by a tribunal and former club Blackpool will ask for £8m based on the fact that Crystal Palace paid £1.5m for a five month loan from January.
VIDEO Scroll down to watch Hull target Tom Ince receive a mystery package
On the move: Tom Ince has agreed a contract with Hull City but Stoke City retain an interest
International honours: Ince represented the England U21s earlier this summer
Ince turned down the chance to move to Inter Milan and was talking to clubs in England with Stoke City also keen.
Bruce has already been active in the transfer market this summer after making Jake Livermore a permanent signing from Spurs following an impressive loan spell at the KC Stadium last season.
by
We pull up to an open field a few miles southwest of downtown Eau Claire. There's nothing immediately noteworthy about the place—just an empty lot overgrown with tall grass and golden rod. Without a GPS we surely would have passed it.
And yet it was here, on this plateau overlooking the Chippewa River Valley, that tens of thousands of people congregated last July. One by one, they debarked from an endless line of yellow school buses, all eager to take part in Justin Vernon and Aaron Dessner's first ever Eaux Claires Music and Arts Festival.
At the southwestern corner of the field stands the weathered “Main Entrance” sign, the same one that last summer beckoned the crowds through and pointed them to a dirt path leading down the edge of the bluff.
Today, this corner is where we meet the man whom Vernon called the “most important person to this entire festival”—Eaux Claires creative director Michael Brown.
Brown has a wiry red beard, a brush of brown hair, and is sporting a faded blue and yellow flannel over a sturdy frame. He's just returned from producing shows for Bon Iver at the Sydney Opera House in Australia. Each sip he takes from a metal Eaux Claires-branded coffee mug helps fend off the last dregs of jet lag.
The demands of the road are nothing new for Brown, who has toured extensively with Grizzly Bear, Wilco, The National, and Bon Iver. A self-described theater kid, Brown grew up in Nashville. As an adult, he moved to New York City and fell into the fashion world, landing a job designing window displays for Ralph Lauren stores around the world. A few years into that job, Brown rediscovered his love of music while lighting and staging concerts at big corporate events. At one of those concerts, he met the members of Grizzly Bear, who took Brown on tour and started him down his career path in music production.
At a 2010 Grizzly Bear shows in London, Brown caught the attention of Justin Vernon, the frontman of Bon Iver, who was in attendance. Vernon was impressed with Brown's work. “Justin came up to me and was like, ‘Man, the lights were amazing man. Someday we're going to work together,'” Brown recalls. Thinking it was just one of those things people say, he didn't put much stock into it. Five years later, Brown and Vernon now work non-stop together, including on the Eaux Claires Music and Arts Festival.
“Justin has always wanted to do something to truly give back to the community here—outside of just being an ambassador of Eau Claire,” Brown says. “He's really wanted to organize something.” That longtime mission finally came to life for a weekend last July with Eaux Claires.
For some festivalgoers, it was the musical performances at Eaux Claires that surpassed all expectations. For others, it was the collaborative spirit of artists of all types coming together with a singular purpose that transcended the very concept of an outdoor music festival: it wasn't just a collection of bands playing songs, it was a confluence of music and art.
That was exactly what Vernon, Dessner, and Brown envisioned when they gathered at Vernon's house in 2014 to flesh out the idea for a new kind of festival. “I came out to a brain trust, think-tank situation where everybody was getting together at Justin's house,” Brown remembers. “They started talking about what they wanted the festival to be, and it was clear that Justin and Aaron and the other producers didn't just want to do another music festival. They wanted to do something that was striving to push more boundaries.”
The festival they envisioned would create a space for the audience and artists to interact with one another. Moreover, it would be a festival where artists of all mediums could try things they'd never had the means, ability, or time to do on their own. Instead of just seeing a band perform, it'd be a festival where “a community is developed and you are buying a ticket so you can partake in whatever happens here,” explains Brown.
Happy to share details of our 2016 art program over at https://t.co/wqvXXgPMy7 We'll join you there… #eauxclaires pic.twitter.com/zqHVD55hGf — Eaux Claires (@EauxClairesWI) July 14, 2016
In order to achieve that goal, the festival had to feel like a place, not just a field with stages and merch booths. That sense of place came into focus with the festival's name.
Sitting around a campfire at Vernon's house, Brown suggested using the original spelling of Vernon's hometown for the festival: Eaux Claires (French for “clear waters,” Brown explained). With its mix of history and legend, and its tie to the Eau Claire and Chippewa River confluence, the name held a familiar yet otherworldly appeal that immediately resonated with everyone.
From that point forward, Brown's role as creative director took shape. “They call me the creative director of the festival, but it's actually completely misnamed in that the true role of a creative director in a company is to organize the creatives and help them facilitate their goal,” says Brown. “But I kind of bridge the gap in that I'm also one of the creatives.”
In addition to managing projects—like Icelandic performance artist Ragnar Kjartansson's visual and performance piece, “Forever Love,” and HOT TEA's much-photographed installation made of thousands of colorful strands of yarn—Brown created many of the other installations at last year's festival.
One of those projects was the three white, geodesic domes near the upper stage that housed a bank of television screens, an experimental audio project using headphones, and a hip hop confessional with rapper Astronautalus. Right before doors opened, Brown felt a wave of panic rush through him, fearing no one would engage with the domes. His fears were quickly put to rest as lines formed at the domes that lasted the entire weekend.
Another of Brown's installations that proved attendees were keen on the interactive art concept of Eaux Claires was a collection of window light boxes set deep in the woods, off the main path to the upper field. Attendees trudged through thistles and brush to view the light boxes up close, taking the organizers' invitation to explore the grounds more literally than they had intended. “I was like, ‘Oh my gosh!'” Brown says. “I mean, it's a beautiful accident, but it's totally not what we meant.”
This August, Brown and the Eaux Claires team want to take the art to the next level and foster even more collaboration. “Specifically, how can we set it up so that the programming is intentionally that much more challenging and inherently that much more rewarding for the people that come in,” explains Brown.
One project they hope will answer the call is a collaboration between Italian sculpture artist Edoardo Tresoldi and U.K. organist James McVinnie. Tresoldi is constructing a massive baroque pipe organ sculpture, which McVinnie will use to fill the downtime between sets on the main stages by playing classical compositions.
This year will also feature a select few of the over 180 proposals submitted during the festival's first open call for art. Eventually Brown hopes to source all of the festival's installations from these proposals to get even more of the artist community involved.
The positive engagement organizers saw at the art installments also translated to the stages, where bands were greeted by audiences who were truly there for the music—a rarity at some outdoor festivals. Eaux Claires is encouraging musicians to experiment more with their sets this year, through dance or visual elements, to bring arts and music even closer together.
The sense of connection and community that attendees felt with the artists, the music, the woods and river, and other audience members during Eaux Claires was hard to describe. Festival narrator and bestselling author Michael Perry, however, found the words in his final address.
“It's good to have music near a river,” Perry said. “There's this idea of baptism, of absolution, no matter what you believe. Better yet, it's good to have music near a place where two rivers come together—a confluence—for what are we but a confluence. A confluence that lives and breathes, a confluence of dream and song, a confluence of 22,000 beating hearts. And so here we are, cradled by a river in a sanctuary of sound, craving consecration, exaltation, on bended knee seeking benediction.”
Brown and the Eaux Claires team hopes to achieve that same creative confluence and sense of community this August, when they invite tens of thousands of people, musicians, and artists to return to the river.
Republican campaign veteran Ed Rollins calls Trump an "asset" to the party who is "energizing voters who haven't traditionally voted." However, Rollins said, Trump needs to define what he means when he calls himself a "commonsense conservative."
"I think he carries every state right today that Republicans have been traditionally carrying, which is what Romney did," Rollins aid on FOX News this morning. "He probably puts Michigan in play, which we haven't in a long, long time. Certainly Ohio is the key. Again, he's ahead of a very popular governor we see in the polls. My sense is that Donald is a very combative guy, we've watched that over a period of time, and he will take either one of those candidates apart on the other side."
"He's energizing voters who haven't traditionally voted," Rollins said of Trump. "I think that's a very positive thing. I think at the end of the day he's a very valuable asset to this party. I hope he gets more specific about some of the issues."
Rollins predicts a Cruz victory in Texas and says if Trump wins Florida it is over for Rubio and if he wins Ohio the race is over for Kasich.
"If Trump beats Rubio in Florida, he gets the 99 delegates there, it's over for Rubio. If he beats John Kasich in Ohio, if he is still in the race, it is over for him," said Rollins.
Capital spending in areas such as housing may have to be cut in order to cover the cost of refunding water charges.
The Minister for Finance told TDs this morning that the total cost of covering the refunds will be €178m – including a €5m bill to cover administrative costs.
He told the Oireachtas Committee on Budgetary Oversight that the repayments will be dealt with later in the year – following the Taoiseach Leo Varadkar's commitment to deliver a full refund to everyone who paid their charges.
Fianna Fáil spokesperson on public expenditure and reform Dara Calleary said the Taoiseach had made the commitment in a Sunday newspaper – without making it clear where the money would come from.
Sinn Féin spokesperson on finance Pearse Doherty meanwhile, said it made no sense to divert funds from housing while the homelessness crisis is ongoing.
Minister Donohoe said the under-spend is a direct result of the decision to scrap water charges and refund bills – something he said his party had argued against.
Water refunds may come from cuts to housing budget
“We can't have our cake and eat it here,” he said.
“We can't be in a situation where the Oireachtas decides and political parties decide they want to pay for this out of Government expenditure and they want to pay for this out of taxation and then, when I look to try and do it, then be in a position where people say, ‘hang on the choices you are making are wrong.'”
Fianna Fáil has complained that there has been no conversation over when or how the refunds should be paid out - and has written to the government expressing concern over the lack of clarity as to where the funds are coming from.
This Democratic Primary Election of 2016 was manufactured to produce a “presumptive” nominee that can't fill a gymnasium. Enthusiasm factor, zero. And the mainstream media will NEVER say anything about it because hello— Comcast (MSNBC) and Time Warner (CNN) are major campaign contributors to Hillary Clinton. The media is complicit in this ELECTORAL coup!
…and it totally disgusts me.
Don't believe me? Then how about READING this 39 page scathing report from 2 independent analysts? I dare you.
And, the YouTube videos…
Oh, and then there are the lawsuits…
And, the open emails to AG Lynch & Bernie Sanders, from Cliff Arnebeck of
Pretty scary stuff.
Think this is a waste of time to talk about now?
Hell no!
All delegates (even the pledged ones) can vote the way they want, as soon as the Call To Convention occurs. But until then, hush hush — you have to outwardly support the candidate you are pledged to, or risk credentials challenges.
That's the wonderful thing about political parties — they have a TON of crazy rules. That many people don't read. But believe me, they will do anything to win. Rumor has it, that the Hillary Clinton camp is trying to entice Bernie's delegates, by offering to pay for their convention, IF they vote for Hillary Clinton (on the FIRST vote).
Desperate much?
There was much to admire about Leeds United's endeavour in the Championship last season but Andrea Radrizzani's assessment was brutally simple at the end of it. “Something went wrong,” he said.
It went wrong at the worst possible time, in the final eight games and at the very moment when a play-offs position was close enough to touch.
New recruits Matthew Pennington and Caleb Ekuban. PIC: Jonathan Gawthorpe
Radrizzani, who bought into Leeds in January, talked of the lack of a “winning mentality” at Elland Road despite the club recording their highest tally of home victories in England's second division for 27 years.
The reaction since Radrizzani's full takeover in May has been concerted: an entirely new coaching team – albeit a decision forced upon the club by Garry Monk's resignation – an entirely new recruitment scheme and nine first-team signings with at least two more planned. The first test of the new regime comes at Bolton Wanderers on Sunday with Leeds, in the words of United managing director Angus Kinnear on Tuesday, “fully focused on promotion”.
So is head coach Thomas Christiansen setting out with a stronger squad than Monk possessed 12 months ago?
Goalkeepers
Tyler Denton may make a niche for himself at left-back. PIC: Jonathan Gawthorpe
Rob Green did not miss a minute in the Championship last season, despite arriving with a trace of ring-rust after an inactive period at QPR. By the second half of the season he was arguably United's best player and as consistent as any other goalkeeper in the division, David Stockdale included. The irony of Christiansen's apparent intention to install new signing Felix Wiedwald as first-choice at Leeds instead is that Green could hardly have been in better form but this selection is more than a dilemma for Christiansen than it was for Monk. This time last year, Marco Silvestri – now with Hellas Verona after leaving Elland Road a fortnight ago – had been sent home from pre-season amid concerns about his attitude and was under pressure in any case after two mixed seasons as number one. Silvestri's game never seemed to suit the Championship and while Wiedwald is new to the league, he has ample Bundesliga experiences behind him and offers credible competition to Green. It will nonetheless be hard on Green, and difficult to imagine him sitting tight at Leeds beyond the end of the transfer window, if the season starts with him on the bench.
Verdict: Stronger
Defence
The most significant losses at Elland Road, or perhaps the only significant losses, have come in this area of the squad. United had no way of preventing Kyle Bartley's return to Swansea City after his season-long loan finished in May and bridges between Charlie Taylor – worth a good three or four assists every year – and Leeds were too badly burned for anyone to halt his exit last month. Leeds have earned nicely from Taylor's switch to Burnley, pulling in around £6m, but the club's options at left-back start and stop with a right-sided firebrand in Gaetano Berardi and a youngster in Tyler Denton who was sporadically involved in pre-season. Vurnon Anita is versatile enough to cover there but was used more often at right-back by Newcastle United. At centre-back, meanwhile, Bartley's exit left a hole. Leeds have recruited Matthew Pennington on a season-long loan from Everton, a deal which Hull City attempted to do themselves, and the 22-year-old is an astute capture but he has never completed a full season above League One level and the absence of Pontus Jansson through suspension this weekend makes Leeds feel light in that position. No surprise, then, that another central defender is being targeted.
Verdict: Weaker
Midfield
Leeds has so many midfielders that Christiansen might spend more time contemplating who to leave out than who to include. The range of players will probably mean that someone like Toumani Diagouraga fails to earn a squad number. A fit Mateusz Klich might help to resolve the constant rotation seen in the centre of midfield last season – chopping and changing which implied that Monk was forever unsure of his best combination – and Samuel Saiz's arrival from Huesca eases the pressure on Pablo Hernandez to run the show at number 10. Hernandez's quality is still there but the intensity of the Championship caught up on him after Christmas, much as Monk persisted with him. In a line of three behind Chris Wood, Christiansen can also pick from Kemar Roofe, Gianni Alioski, Hadi Sacko and Stuart Dallas – one player who has particularly impressed United's coaching staff this summer. Set against the loss of former loanees Mo Barrow and Alfonso Pedraza in May, Leeds should be at least as dangerous and, helped by Alioski, might carry more pace.
Verdict: Stronger
Strikers
Chris Wood was the only regular source of goals in 2016-17 so maintaining United's existing strength up front meant, quite simply, retaining him. There is time left in the transfer window for offers to arrive but Leeds have not felt any great pressure over Wood's future yet and it will take an offer in excess of £15m for the club to give the courtesy of a serious reply. Signing Caleb Ekuban was something of a gamble after a good year on loan in Albania but he is quick and relatively strong and offers a fresh alternative to Souleymane Doukara and Marcus Antonsson, neither of whom saw too much of pre-season. Another striker is wanted and would be welcome.
Verdict: Stronger
Everyone likes retrospective articles. I'm not sure why, but lists just pull people in. Last year, my top ten list was pretty popular, so this year I'm going to do it again. This year I hit 247,901 visits and 345,452 page views over the course of the year compared with 137,727 visits and 213,814 page views last year.
Last time, I thought I'd get some articles written about other GUI toolkits during 2011, but I never really got into any. Instead, I wrote a lot of wxPython articles. As you can tell from the list above, they weren't super popular with only one making the top ten. Maybe this year I'll spread out a bit and actually look at some of the other GUI toolkits. I'm also planning to write more on the topics that made it into my top ten list two years running such as reportlab and SqlAlchemy. If you can think of anything involving those 3 topics that you'd like to know more about, feel free to ask in the comments and I'll consider writing about it.
I hope you're ready for another rocking year of Python programming. I know I am!
A bad week for Twitter just got even worse. The service has apparently been infected by a worm originating from the owners of the website StalkDaily (Note: Do not visit this website, as it may cause your computer to become infected). At this point details are scant, but it appears that visiting the Twitter profile page of an infected user can lead your profile to become infected as well (some reports say that the worm modifies your ‘About Me' section to include a link to the worm). Infected users begin to repeatedly spam tweets directing users to the StalkDaily website.
The attack appears to have originated early this morning, when a handful of blog posts popped up detailing the worm. However, it is only now hitting critical mass, with hundreds of related Tweets appearing on Twitter Search in the last few minutes alone. Twitter's official Spam watching account updated this morning stating that the company was aware of the issue but that it had been mostly resolved, and just issued another update stating that it was aware of the worm's resurgence this afternoon.
To stay on the safe side, it would probably be wise to stick with a third party Twitter client and avoiding viewing profile pages until the company confirms that the issue is resolved.
Some early comments are indicating this is an XSS attack on Twitter. Others note that the attack may have started after one of Twitter's many third party applications took the login credentials entered by Twitter users and hijacking their accounts.
Update 9 PM PST: Twitter has posted the following update to its status page stating that the issue has been fixed:
Update on StalkDaily.com Worm 36 minutes ago
Earlier today we were informed of a malicious site that was spreading links to StalkDaily.com on Twitter without user consent via a cross-site scripting vulnerability. We've taken steps to remove the offending updates, and to close the holes that allowed this “worm” to spread. No passwords, phone numbers, or other sensitive information were compromised as part of this attack.
Update: Apparently StalkDaily has updated their website to say that it has nothing to do with the attacks. Regardless, do not visit the site for the time being.
A Rutgers University professor who teaches a course called “Politicizing Beyoncé” was taken by New York Police Department officers to a New York City hospital for a psychiatric evaluation after a student alerted campus police to his tweets threatening to kill white people.
The NYPD took Kevin Allred to Bellevue Hospital from his Brooklyn home after the Rutgers Police Department contacted them, NBC 4 New York reported. He has since been released.
“Rutgers police told them I'm a threat based on political statements I've made on campus and on Twitter,” Allred tweeted after the cops arrived at his home. “And this is for exercising my … First Amendment rights.”
“I'm being labeled a threat and put in a psych hospital. Trump's crackdown on free speech has absolutely begun,” he added.
Allred posted a slew of anti-Trump tweets since President-elect Donald Trump's victory last week, including tweets showing a flag-burning and commenting about gun control.
But it was a tweet and comments made in class about killing white people that prompted campus police to contact the NYPD to conduct a “wellness check,” the New York Daily News reported.
Allred tweeted, “will the 2nd amendment be as cool when i buy a gun and start shooting at random white people or no…?” He later revised the tweet.
A spokesman for Rutgers said the university responded to a student complaint about Allred.
He also tweeted that all students should participate in a walk-out planned for Rutgers' New Brunswick campus protesting Trump's win.
Thousands of students marched to protest Trump at Rutgers and at more than 80 colleges and universities Wednesday.
Get the biggest Everton FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The agent of Ronald Koeman has revealed how tough it was for Everton to prise the Dutch manager from Southampton.
Rob Jansen, speaking to VICE Sports Netherlands, became Koeman's representative in the summer after the Blues boss switched from Guido Albers.
Jansen said he and Koeman had a series of “serious talks” with Everton's hierarchy before he made the decision to leave the Saints.
Everton were forced to pay £5m in compensation to prise Koeman from the final year of his Southampton deal.
Jansen told VICE Sports: “It was not an easy transition.
“Ronald first changed his personal management, which is always tough at this level.
“He left another agent [Guido Albers] and came to me.
“After that, we had some serious talks with Everton before Ronald decided to leave Southampton.
“So it was a lot of work to get the transition done.”
On the switch of agent, Jansen added: “I have known Guido for a long time.
“I brought him into the world of football.
“I have not spoken to Guido about it yet, but when a player or coach changes management, there are always issues between him and the former management. That is irrelevant to me.
“But, am I happy that Ronald came to me? Yes, of course. And it is also completely logical that Guido is disappointed.
“I go through that sometimes as well. It happens more often in football these days.
“Sometimes it feels horrible when a client leaves you, and sometimes you don't care at all.”
“What if the poverty was inside us all along?”
Ben Carson announced Wednesday that poverty is a state of mind.
“I think poverty to a large extent is also a state of mind,” the Housing secretary said during an interview with Armstrong Williams on SiriusXM. “You take somebody that has the right mindset, you can take everything from them and put them on the street and I guarantee in a little while they'll be right back up there.”
This is incredible news for the 16 million American households that suffer from food insecurity, or the hundreds of thousands who have no roof over their heads. Malnutrition is just a mind-set! Homelessness is where the heart is! If you can visualize a well-stocked fridge, an affordable apartment, and an abundance of stable, well-paying jobs for someone with your skill set, then those things will immediately come into existence.
In all seriousness, there is a sense in which Carson's claim is accurate: Poverty does shape the human mind. Material deprivation in childhood has been linked to depression and abnormal brain development. As Erika Hayasaki wrote for Newsweek in 2016:
Two recent influential reports cracked open a public conversation on the matter. In one, researchers found that impoverished children had less gray matter — brain tissue that supports information processing and executive behavior — in their hippocampus (involved in memory), frontal lobe (involved in decision making, problem-solving, impulse control, judgment, and social and emotional behavior) and temporal lobe (involved in language, visual and auditory processing and self-awareness). Working together, these brain areas are crucial for following instructions, paying attention and overall learning — some of the keys to academic success.
The study, published in JAMA Pediatrics in 2015, examined 389 people between 4 and 22 years old. A quarter of the participants came from homes well below the federal poverty level ($24,230 annual income for a family of four in 2016). Children from the poorest backgrounds showed greater diminishment of gray matter and scored lower on standardized tests.
The second key study, published in Nature Neuroscience, also in 2015, looked at 1,099 people between ages 3 and 20, and found that children with parents who had lower incomes had reduced brain surface areas in comparison to children from families bringing home $150,000 or more a year.
Do impoverished people sometimes develop self-defeating attitudes and habits that exacerbate their unearned disadvantages? Sure. And if Ben Carson were merely proposing to subject America's poor to condescending motivational speeches, his emphasis on personal agency would be less loathsome.
But he isn't. The Housing secretary isn't just encouraging the destitute to take life by the horns — he is arguing that the government should force them to do so, by making public housing less accessible and more uncomfortable. The Trump administration's proposed budget cuts billions in federal funding for public housing.
Poverty is a mind-set, in that material want affects the human mind in negative ways. If we want to eliminate that mind-set, we should eliminate poverty. It wouldn't be hard to do, if we really wanted to.
It's interesting to see the storm of pique and indignation Apple's watch has generated. Some critics have dismissed it as nothing more than a fashion accessory.
Even the BBC, that staid bastion of technical neutrality, had two articles pushing a general disbelief that the watch – little more than an interface for the iPhone (sold separately) could provide anything useful. “Does anyone need a smartwatch?” asked Joe Miller. Rory Cellan-Jones asked: “Apple's Watch – what's it for?”, a question to which one commenter suggested the answer: “It's for making tons of money for Apple from its loyal fan base… Hype over substance. They may as well say that it opens a new sub-department in its empire: the iBling!”
Does this worry Apple? Perhaps not. Similar refrains have greeted the launch of practically every new Apple product. For those of us who remember the derision poured over the transparent, lollipop-coloured iMac in 1999 – later described as “the product that saved Apple” – this sounds like history repeating itself (again).
Thanks to the internet's long memory we can revisit Matthew Lynn's article for Bloomberg on the launch of the iPhone: “Few products have been launched with such a blizzard of publicity as Apple Inc's iPhone … nothing more than a luxury bauble that will appeal to a few gadget freaks. In terms of its impact on the industry, the iPhone is less relevant.”
Matthew wasn't alone. Marketwatch said: “The ‘one-phone-fits-all' concept is ridiculous. Apple needs to roll out many variations, or the iPhone will immediately become passe.”
My favourite was senior marketing director at Microsoft, Richard Sprague, who blogged about the launch of the iPhone with (rash) incredulity:
I can't believe the hype being given to iPhone. I just have to wonder who will want one of these things (other than the religious faithful). People need this to be a phone, first and foremost. But with five hours of battery life? No keypad? So please mark this post and come back in two years to see the results of my prediction: I predict they will not sell anywhere near the 10m Jobs predicts for 2008.
In fact, Apple sold nearly 13m by the end of 2008 and has in the years since sold around 500m.
Given Apple's track record, why were so many willing to pour water on the release of a potentially disruptive and hence unpredictable product? One explanation comes from cognitive science, used frequently when analysing people's views of new technology. The concept of cognitive dissonance explains how we rationalise the world when we try to explain conflicting pieces of information.
In this case our mental model goes:
People seem to like these new things I don't see what the point is I'm smart So everyone else must be deluded/cult members/dupes
That's not to say everything Apple makes is infallible. Apple has failures – most notably the pioneering but failed Apple Newton PDA, the Apple Bandai Pippin game console, the absurd, original circular iMac mouse, or forcing people to take a free U2 album.
So Apple isn't especially gifted with the right to make a successful product any more than any other company. But unlike most start-ups and many companies, Apple can afford to fail and learn from its mistakes, sitting as it does on a dizzyingly large cash pile of billions of dollars.
What Apple did under Steve Jobs was to ruthlessly follow the responses of users and potential users to target and refine new products. While many tech companies like to say: “Focus on the user and all else will follow” (Google's #1 rule), in reality it's hard to do.
Apple's extensive user testing isn't magic, but it is unusual for senior management in many other firms to take the results seriously. Killing a brilliant product because the users “don't get it” feels anathema to most managers and to engineers or developers who have spent a long time building something. “Most users are stupid” is something I've heard many technical people saying during user tests – perhaps that's the idea behind the European Computer Driving Licence.
Will the Apple Watch sell? Perhaps. In the video game industry the term “gameplay” is used describe not just the aesthetics of a game but the feel of it, the experience of playing the game, how it responds and the impression it gives. Without having experienced the gameplay of Apple's watch it's rather like commenting on a book you haven't read. Certainly it's best not to go down in history like writer Joe Wilcox, who said of the iPad: “The world doesn't need an Apple tablet or any other.”
President Obama's press conference on Thursday was filled with news, and cable news networks naturally covered every bit of what he said about the IRS, Benghazi and the AP scandal.
There was just one pesky problem: this other guy kept talking too, and not even in English.
That man happens to be Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the prime minister of Turkey. He's a pretty important guy in a pretty important part of the world, and he had all sorts of things to say about Middle East policy and Syria that may have been worth listening to. But, apparently, no cable news executive thought that American viewers could handle all that foreign stuff, especially when it had to be translated. Fortunately, they had a solution: ignore him completely.
Whenever Erdoğan started talking, they cut away. Whenever Obama started talking, they raced back. This happened over and over again, on every network.
Some of the networks wouldn't even give Turkish reporters the time of day. Even when Obama responded to an answer from a Turkish reporter, networks would cut off the question but go back to Obama for his response (to a question viewers weren't privileged to because why would audiences ever want to hear a question from a non-U.S. network?) That led to our favorite moment of the entire day, on CNN:
San Francisco police were busy as the San Francisco 49ers were toppling the Green Bay Packers in a National Football League Divisional playoff game Saturday night at Candlestick Park, police said.
While the 49ers were working towards a 45-31 victory over the Packers, police ejected 92 spectators, Sgt. Michael Andraychak said.
Another 25 at the game were arrested for public intoxication, Andraychak said. Two additional arrests were made for an auto burglary, he said.
Following the game, two people were arrested for driving under the influence, Andraychak said.
With the win, the 49ers advanced to its second consecutive NFC Championship Game, Jan. 20 at 12:30 p.m.
The 49ers will either host its NFC West rival Seattle Seahawks or travel to Atlanta to take on the NFC South and top-seeded Falcons.
Copyright © 2013 by Bay City News, Inc. … Republication, re-transmission or reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.
The popular Buckyballs and Buckycubes magnetic desk toys will be discontinued, its manufacturer said, blaming what it called "baseless and relentless legal badgering" from the Consumer Product Safety Commission.
"It's time to bid a fond farewell to the world's most popular adult desk toys," Maxfield and Oberton, the maker of Buckyballs, said on its website this week. "That's right: We're sad to say that Balls and Cubes have a one-way ticket to the Land-of-Awesome-Stuff-You-Should-Have-Bought-When-You-Had-the-Chance."
A limited number of the toys are still available, but no more will be made after they sell out, the company said.
In July, the Consumer Product Safety Commission sued Maxfield and Oberton in an attempt to get the company to stop selling the toys, saying they are hazardous to children. When children swallow the powerful magnets, they can pierce holes in the intestines, the commission said, and some children have required multiple surgeries and lengthy hospitalizations. Since 2009, officials said, there have been at least a dozen ingestions of the Buckyballs magnets.
"CPSC stands behind the case at this time," commission spokesman Scott Wolfson said Friday. "We continue to allege and believe that Buckyballs and Buckycubes are dangerous and defective for young children as well as teenagers."
Internet videos direct older children and teenagers how to use the toys to mimic tongue or cheek piercings, he said, and some have ended up ingesting them.
At the time the suit was filed, Maxfield and Oberton spokesman Andrew Frank said the company would "fight this vigorously," noting that while "some people have misused the product," the toys were marketed to those aged 14 and up, and carried warning labels.
But "we made a tough decision after a lot of thought based on how to protect the integrity of the business, the brand, and begin to move forward," Frank said in an e-mail Friday. "It was time for our team to start focusing on the future and providing innovative products for our loyal customers. We will continue to fight the CPSC and sell our other products."
Wolfson said the Consumer Product Safety Commission did not single out Maxfield and Oberton.
"We have seen incidents with a variety of different brands (of magnetic toys)," he said. "That's why our approach to this hazard has not been exclusive to one company."
Eleven of 13 manufacturers agreed to stop making, importing and selling the toys. Maxfield and Oberton and a Colorado company called Zen Magnets did not, and the commission filed suit against them, Wolfson said. Both suits continue.
Last month, the North American Society for Pediatric Gastroenterology, Hepatology and Nutrition said warning labels on Buckyballs were ineffective. The group released the results of a new survey of more than 1,700 doctors, who reported at least 480 toy magnet ingestions in the past decade, with 204 occurring in the past year.
“The numbers have skyrocketed post-labeling,” said Dr. Mark Gilger, a pediatric gastroenterologist who helped author the study. “There are just many examples of people ignoring the labels, or people who haven't paid attention to them bringing them to their home inadvertently.”
Gilger said young children sometimes think the toys are candy, and older children and teens use the toys to mimic piercings.
Doctors have said "the injury pattern they are seeing in hospitals (after ingestion) is like a gunshot wound to the gut with no sign of entry or exit," Wolfson said.
Frank last month defended Maxfield and Oberton's efforts to keep the toys away from children, and the company said in a statement it does not sell its products to children and has a strict policy of not selling to stores that do sell toys exclusively to kids.
The statement also noted the company's efforts to educate its customers, including an informational safety website it developed. The company said it has strongly advocated for a public education campaign sponsored by the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as the commission has done with other products that posed risks to children.
Zen Magnets acknowledged in a Reddit posting Thursday that "the magnet fight is probably lost."
With Buckyballs' demise, "This makes Zen the last magnet sphere company standing in the US for now," the post says. "We'll keep fighting as long as we can."
Zen Magnets was the first company to receive an administrative complaint from the Consumer Product Safety Commission without a record of injuries, as the company has had no ingestions of its products, said founder Shihan Qu.
"We've always sold online, where it's not easy for kids to buy anyway," he said.
The regulatory process is the wrong way to address this fundamental tension. If the government wants to shift the Internet economy away from a “barter” system (exchanging personal data for free services) toward a subscription-based system, Congress should take charge.
Even worse, the Federal Trade Commission has abandoned responsibility, all but throwing up its hands. Instead of leading the effort to write good rules, based on the broadest public participation, the commission has basically surrendered control of the process to the industry panel, the “tracking protection working group” of the World Wide Web Consortium, or W3C.
The outcome could be worse than doing nothing at all.
The industry recommendation is expected to distinguish between companies that have a “first party” relationship with users — consumer-facing Internet content providers and Internet service providers — and “third party” companies, which include most small advertising-technology companies.
First-party relationships would be created if the user “intends to interact” with the web company (or a service provider acting on behalf of that company). For example, logging into Facebook would count as a “user action” that would allow Facebook to track your activity “across multiple distinct contexts,” including other websites.
In contrast, companies with third-party relationships would have far more limited tracking abilities. For example, if a user visits a site that integrates an advertisement with content from other sources, the ad server would not be able to place a tracking “cookie” for marketing purposes on your device without your consent.
This dubious distinction would harm competition in the online ad market by turning “Do Not Track” into “Do Not Track for small ad companies only.” Google, Facebook and other large companies that operate both first- and third-party businesses would be able to use data they gather through their first-party relationships to compete in the third-party ad market. Smaller ad tech companies would be at a severe competitive disadvantage and could even be driven out of the market.
The Federal Trade Commission shouldn't help pick winners and losers through a murky process that has devolved into an effort to protect the positions of Internet giants. It should stay focused on policing the behavior of companies that short-shrift consumers or restrict competition. If the industry group recommends a lopsided version of “Do Not Track,” as expected, the commission should not go along with it. The correct balance between privacy and competition is a decision better left to Congress than to a feckless regulator.
WASHINGTON — Three American soldiers were killed and another was wounded in eastern Afghanistan on Saturday, allegedly at the hands of an Afghan soldier who opened fired on them.
The apparent insider attack occurred in Achin, an Islamic State stronghold along the Pakistan border in Nangarhar province. A spokesman for the provincial governor told The Associated Press that the Afghan soldier was subsequently killed. The Taliban claimed responsibility, saying it had infiltrated the Afghan army unit determined to kill Americans.
Reports from Afghanistan initially indicated two Americans were dead and two were wounded, but the toll was later adjusted. A statement issued by the Pentagon on Saturday afternoon says the matter is under investigation and the soldiers' families are being notified. The wounded soldier was evacuated for medial care, it states.
No other details were disclosed, and officials with the NATO command in Kabul did not respond to several questions from Military Times.
Massive airstrike in Afghanistan's Nangarhar province wipes out Islamic State tunnel complex Footage provided by Afghan Local Police, from the site where the U.S. Forces - Afghanistan conducted a strike against an ISIS-K complex in Achin District, Nangarhar Province, Afghanistan on April 14th 2017. The strike is part of the U.S. campaign to destroy ISIS-K in Afghanistan in 2017. The munition used, the GBU-43, is designed to destroy caves and tunnels, which ISIS-K had been using to move around the battle field and protect themselves from attacks from Afghan and U.S. Forces.
Members of the Army's 75th Ranger Regiment and 7th Special Forces Group have been operating in Achin, which has become the scene of worsening violence as U.S. special forces and elite Afghan commandos intensify their efforts to take out ISIS loyalists there, a group known as ISIS Khorasan or ISIS-K. Three other American soldiers have died there so far this year, including two Army Rangers reportedly gunned down in an friendly fire mishap.
ISIS Khorasan is an affiliate of the Islamic State's core network in Syria and Iraq. It receives tactical advice and some financial support from outside Afghanistan, but U.S. officials have said it does not appear there's been an influx of fighters from either country.
An estimated 400 to 700 ISIS-K militants are active throughout Nangarhar and Kunar provinces, officials said in late-April.
Hoping to flush ISIS from its stronghold in Achin, American and Afghan forces launched Operation Hamza in early March. Apart from regular ground battles, the U.S. launched a massive airstrike on an ISIS tunnel complex in mid-April. The attack left upwards of 100 militants dead.
U.S. troops remain at risk elsewhere in the country. In mid-March, three U.S soldiers were shot and wounded in another apparent insider attackat an Afghan military complex in Helmand province, where a Task Force of 300 U.S. Marines is embedded with the Afghan security forces.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
Saturday's attack comes as the Trump administration debates sending up to 5,000 additional American troops to step up counter-terror operations and help break what senior military leaders have declared a stalemate in the 16-year war with the Taliban.
Today, approximately 8,000 U.S. troops are deployed to Afghanistan as part of two separate operations. The larger of the two, known as Resolute Support, is focused on advising and assisting Afghan security forces with the goal of enabling them to independently protect the country's populace from a resilient Taliban. The other is a counter-terrorism mission called Freedom's Sentinel. It comprises mostly elite special operations troops and remains focused on targeting ISIS-K and the many al-Qaida affiliates present in Afghanistan.
The path ahead is said to be a matter of disagreement among President Trump's top advisers, some of whom are apprehensive about deepening America's commitment when the outcome remains uncertain at best. The Pentagon supports sending more troops and having them begin to work with the Afghans in smaller units that operate closer to the action.
Long-term, officials say, the objective is to set the conditions that will enable the U.S. to maintain a counter-terrorism presence in the region and prevent the sort of lawlessness that could destabilize Afghanistan's neighbors. Both Pakistan and India possess nuclear weapons. There's mounting concern, too, about the increasingly overt efforts by Russia and Iran to influence regional affairs.
During a news conference last month, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis indicated a decision on troop numbers was coming "very, very soon." His top general, Joint Chiefs Chairman Joseph Dunford, said that while he was encouraged by recent talks with his NATO counterparts and their "enduring commitment," a decision hinges on the president's takeaway from a recent summit of alliance members in Brussels.
Andrew deGrandpre is Military Times' senior editor and Pentagon bureau chief. On Twitter
:
On the Rideau Canal. (Photo by Matthew Fournier via Unsplash)
Ottawa, City of Rinks: Our city is a great place to skate, with dozens of indoor rinks and arenas, and countless volunteers who maintain community rinks in parks and backyards. And of course, there's the Rideau Canal, the world's longest skating rink. For all outdoor rinks, conditions can vary from day to day and you should check individual web sites to see if they're open, before heading out. Have fun!
Skating on the Rideau Canal
In the winter, the Ottawa portion of the Rideau Canal turns into the world's largest skating rink (7.8km long), and is the focal point of Winterlude. The National Capital Commission maintains the skateway, and it's usually open from late-December/early January until late February/early March. Check conditions here…
More outdoor rinks
We've included dates and hours of operation below, but all of the information should be considered “weather permitting”, especially early or late in the season.
The Rink of Dreams at City Hall. It's an outdoor ice surface downtown with artificial refrigeration. To put it another way, this rink has great ice even when it's a bit warm outside. The Sens Rink of Dreams is open daily from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m., weather-permitting. The heated changing facility is open daily from 8 a.m. to 11 p.m.
Weather permitting, the Lansdowne Skating Court is open daily from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m. The heated changing facility is open daily from 8 a.m to 11 p.m. Bring your own skates - no skate rental services available.
Another nice rink is outdoors at Ben Franklin Place in Centrepointe. Open daily from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m., weather permitting. New Year's Eve – closed at 10 p.m.
More info on city outdoor rinks…
Rideau Hall: One of Ottawa's best-kept secrets. This historic ice surface dates back to the 1870s. The rink is typically open from early/mid December to mid/late March (weather permitting), with public skating on Saturdays and Sundays from noon until 5p.m. Group skating can be booked on weekdays and evenings.
Canada Agriculture and Food Museum: Open 9am-4pm, Wednesday to Sunday on the grounds of the Experimental Farm, weather permitting. Check #MuseumIceRink to see current conditions.
Brewer Oval: Ontario's only 400m long track speed skating oval… built and maintained by volunteers. It's open to the public daily (weather permitting) from 9a.m. until 10p.m., except for Tuesday evenings when the Ottawa Pacers train or when there's a tournament or event. Did you know: Olympians Ivanie Blondin and Vincent de Haître trained at this facility?
River Oak: An “enchanting ice skating forest” in an old growth apple orchard near Metcalfe, south of Ottawa. It opened in December 2017.
Patinoire du ruisseau de la Brasserie: Kind of “mini canal” in Gatineau, located near Rue Montcalm/Boulevard Alexandre Taché.
Skateway Through the Forest in Lac-des-Loups, Quebec. About 3km of skating ice trails are maintained through the forest. The trail is open daily 10am-4pm. Adults skate for $12/day. Youth $8/day, and kids under 5 are free. Family and season passes available.
Neighbourhood Rinks
Ottawa has over 250 outdoor neighbourhood rinks, ranging from “puddles” (small ice surfaces without boards) to full “rinks” (full boards around the rink).
Here's a list of all the outdoor rinks in Ottawa… and Ottawa Rink Conditions is a user-driven site that relies on visitors to provide updates on outdoor rink conditions.
(There are many more outdoor rinks in Gatineau, too. Here is a list)
Indoor rinks
For a listing of local rinks, plus schedules for public skating and information about lessons, check out the City of Ottawa's skating page, including a search tool for checking public skating schedules.
A few other indoor rinks not directly run by the City of Ottawa include:
There are many more arenas in Gatineau, too. Here's a list from the Ville de Gatineau.
Skating Clubs
Skate rentals, sales and sharpening
Inline skating
More than $43 million worth of property has been transferred to law enforcement in Michigan from January 2006 through April 23 of this year. Nationally, more than $4.3 billion worth of property has been transferred to law enforcement since the program's inception in fiscal year 1997, according to Defense Logistics Agency (DLA), which oversees the Law Enforcement Support Office (or 1033) program out of its office in Battle Creek. More than 8,000 agencies participate nationwide.
• Related:Do police need grenade launchers, other military weapons? Officers say yes
Use this database to see where the military equipment is going by state and county and the type of items being received, The listed value of the items is what it would cost to buy them if they had not been donated.
A compelling history of science from 1900 to the present day, this is the first book to survey modern developments in science during a century of unprecedented change, conflict and uncertainty. The scope is global.
Science's claim to access universal truths about the natural world made it an irresistible resource for industrial empires, ideological programs, and environmental campaigners during this period. Science has been at the heart of twentieth century history - from Einstein's new physics to the Manhattan Project, from eugenics to the Human Genome Project, or from the wonders of penicillin to the promises of biotechnology. For some science would only thrive if autonomous and kept separate from the political world, while for others science was the best guide to a planned and better future. Science was both a routine, if essential, part of an orderly society, and the disruptive source of bewildering transformation.
Jon Agar draws on a wave of recent scholarship that explores science from interdisciplinary perspectives to offer a readable synthesis that will be ideal for anyone curious about the profound place of science in the modern world.
Rs 1.97 crore cheating of a Bandra senior citizen +
MUMBAI: The cyber crime police probing aby a Nigerian gang have found 108 fictitious accounts opened in various banks in Mumbai using fake PAN. Police have arrested the kingpin of the fake PAN card racket from Naya Nagar in Mira Road and got the bank accounts frozen.Police said the 72-year-old Bandra resident was duped by a Facebook “friend from the US” with the promise of lucrative profit in an investment scheme in Afghanistan. The investigation led the police to Delhi, where they arrested Mangal Bishnoi, Amit Agarwal, Sameer Merchant alias Karan Sharma, Jitendra Rathod and Paresh Nisband into whose accounts huge money was transferred by the Bandra resident. The money was immediately withdrawn or transferred from these accounts.During interrogations, police found the gang had opened fake accounts in various banks in Mumbai and Delhi. “During the scrutiny of the Know Your Customer (KYC) documents, it was found that most of the accounts were opened using PAN as the main proof. When we scrutinised those PAN cards, they were found to be fake. Further investigations led us to Mohammed Arif Shaikh a, resident of Naya Nagar. We picked him up and found several discriminating documents and 11 PAN cards from his office. He is an expert in making fake PAN cards. We are probing how he made these fake PAN cards and with whose help,” said a senior officer.Using these PAN cards, the accused had opened 108 accounts in various banks, which police have frozen. “We have frozen these accounts, which have nearly Rs 1 crore balance in total,” added another police officer.The accused transferred all the money to other accounts, from where it has already been withdrawn. Police suspect Nigerian scamsters to be the masterminds.The Bandra resident had filed a complaint in March that he lost Rs 1.97 to a man, who sent him friend request on Facebook claiming to be a US Army personnel posted in Afghanistan. The man offered him an investment opportunity on a partnership basis, after which duo exchanged phone numbers and started chatting on WhatsApp. After some time, the conman sent a certificate of deposit 'authorised' by the US Army Corp to the victim. He said had sent it to the Delhi branch of a nationalised bank also. The victim then got a call from a woman who identified herself to be an executive with that bank, confirming receipt of the certificate. She said the acknowledgement had been mailed to him from the bank's official email account.Then, the gang started asking him to transfer money —he deposited a total of Rs 1.97 crore— on one pretext or other. Later, the man couriered him a debit card card. "When the complainant tried to withdraw money from ATM, he found it was a fake card. He then realised he had been duped," said an officer.
A man hit by a Metro Transit bus while on his bike earlier this week died from his injuries Friday, friends and family members confirmed Saturday.
Michael Williams of Minneapolis was struck by a Route 19 bus near the intersection of Hwy. 55 and Morgan Avenue N. around 6 p.m. Monday.
The bus was headed east on Hwy. 55 toward downtown Minneapolis and slowed down as it approached a bus stop at the Morgan Avenue N. intersection, according to witness Trent Watkins, who was on the bus.
Williams, meanwhile, was biking south on Morgan Avenue N. toward the intersection to turn left.
No one got on the bus at the stop, so the driver accelerated to cross Morgan on a green light, Watkins said. Williams crossed the highway, cut in front of the bus and collided with its front right side.
Watkins said Williams was not wearing a helmet.
Metro Transit provided an accident report Saturday, which did not elaborate on the details of the collision.
Friends shared news of Williams' death on social media. He turned 45 on Friday.
Metro Transit spokesman Howie Padilla had not been informed of Williams' death, he said Saturday afternoon. Metro Transit police are investigating the collision.
The driver of the bus was temporarily pulled out of service, a standard procedure, Padilla said.
A GoFundMe account set up for Williams' family had raised more than $9,000 as of 1:30 p.m. Saturday. Friends and family held an informal memorial for Williams at Powderhorn Park Saturday afternoon.
Watch the video and read more below! =)
Hey Guys and Gals,
For the holidays, we're ready to drop our biggest update yet. It's a lot to cover, so I'll just jump straight to the notes =)
External Storage is in open beta! Just plug in a USB drive to get started. Please see the list below for details and known issues. We support NTFS, FAT32, and ext4 file formats. Games on external storage are currently associated with the OUYA they were downloaded from (so you can't use the storage to transfer a game from one OUYA to another. Sorry!). If you've modded your system with apps like Link2SD, you'll want to undo your changes in order for external storage to work. You may notice some slowdown while a game is installing to USB. This is expected and is something we hope to address in future updates. After downloading a game to external storage, sideloading an app will put it on external storage. Some games do not properly move their saved game data when moved to an external drive. If this occurs, you can move the game back to its original location to recover the save files. When connecting a USB drive, scanning can take a few minutes if lots of games (100+) are installed. We plan to improve this in future updates, but if you download all of DISCOVER, scanning will take a while. Occasionally on bootup with an external drive attached, the screen wil go completely orange while the scanning takes place. You can wait for the scanning to finish, or reboot. We are looking into a fix. When ejecting the USB drive, sometimes it will say a download is still going even if one isn't. We are working on a fix for this.
UI revamp! We've made some significant changes to the look and feel of the UI. (A few screenshots at the bottom of the post) OUYA is now more intuitive, visually appealing, and better able to feature your games. It's even got built-in functionality to allow us to update featured games and the wallpaper on the fly. All game titles are now underneath the tile art, for easier browsing. Tiles have new icons for installed games and game with available updates. Controller icons now appear for all connected controllers and will give a low battery indication.
Double tap of the OUYA button will now bring up a System Menu instead of instantly exiting a game. The System Menu allows you to exit games, eject a USB drive, turn off controllers, or put OUYA into sleep mode. Games can now be set up to allow purchases from OUYA menus. Games that have enabled this will have a “Buy” button in their System Menu. We'll be expanding and adding more functionality to this menu in the future.
Support for faster system updates. We've enabled “Incremental Updates”, which means updates (after this one) will be much quicker. NOTE: If you've modified your system files, you'll continue to get the full updates.
Developers can now create links that allow you to download their game to your OUYA from the web. These links aren't just confined to the ouya.tv site, they can be placed on any webpage. Keep an eye out for these links! You'll see them start to appear on our newsletter, which you can sign up for on ouya.tv.
Update Notes are viewable on the console. They appear after an update, or you can go to MANAGE -> UPDATE NOTES to view them.
Good ol' fashioned bug fixes Fixed an issue where users could not access the Internet because the system clock had reset, causing certificate problems. Fixed an issue where the download button didn't always display the proper text. Fixed an issue where holding the analog stick to the side didn't auto-scroll Many minor issues
R2 and L2 can be used to scroll quickly in both PLAY and DISCOVER
One other feature that we think is pretty cool is the ability to run A/B tests on OUYA. If you've not heard of A/B testing before, you can read about it here. Part of us being open includes letting you know that we'll be running A/B tests and gathering results to make the OUYA better for gamers and developers alike. To start, we'll be testing things like different DISCOVER layouts, different featured games on the Home screen, and auto downloading games for new users. It requires no changes on your end… just know you and your friends might have different experiences =).
Cryptid Info
As for the cryptid, we're going holiday/snow themed with the Abominable Snowman (aka Yeti): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yeti.
Besides being tough to say out loud, the Abominable Snowman has recently made news, as some scientists are claiming that he's actually related to an ancient species of polar bear :O You can read more here: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2013/10/131021-yeti-abominable-snowman-bigfoot-polar-bear-cryptozoology/
Help us make OUYA better!
We've created a survey to have you help us determine which features to focus on next. It'll take literally just a minute to fill out and we'll use it to determine what our next set of features are. Y'all have made OUYA successful so far and we want to make sure your voices continue to be heard. Take the survey here: http://www.instant.ly/s/wg7ZD
We hope everyone has a great holiday season!
-James, Producer Dude
P.S. we got some fun art for the update too:
James Producer Dude
Whoa. The downtown jury in T.J. Simers' Superior Court lawsuit against the Los Angeles Times came back with a verdict today giving the retired sports columnist $7.1 million for age discrimination. His editors tried to downgrade Simers as a columnist (making $234,000 a year) in 2013, they say after he got entangled in a conflict of interest over a video starring the Lakers' Dwight Howard and a possible TV show. Simers says the paper knew all about his side work and that they moved on him after he suffered a mini-stroke on the job. He previously had also linked his attempted demotion to influence from Angels owner Arte Moreno and Dodgers owner Frank McCourt.
From the Times story on the jury verdict:
The Los Angeles Superior Court jury of eight women and four men deliberated for two days. Foreman Orie McLemore said afterward that the panel could not reconcile Simers' history of positive performance reviews with The Times' response to the ethics violation, which involved taking away his column but keeping him on staff as a reporter.
"It seemed that they didn't deal with Mr. Simers in a proper manner," McLemore said. "How can you take someone who's been doing that well and then all of a sudden he's not up to par? I have got to feel there's something there." Simers declined to comment on the verdict. The Times plans to appeal. "We believe the allegations Mr. Simers made against the Los Angeles Times are unfounded, and we are filing an appeal," said Hillary Manning, a spokeswoman for The Times. "Our editors acted to protect the integrity of the newspaper and to uphold fundamental principles of journalistic ethics. We will continue to work through the legal system to resolve this matter."
Simers had originally sought $18 million, then in closing their case his lawyers asked the jury for $12.3 million. The verdict came back with damages of $330,000 for lost salary, $1.8 million for future economic damages and $5 million for past and future emotional pain and suffering. The panel declined to award punitive damages, the Times story said.
This caps an interesting day for the LA Times. Earlier in the day, parent company Tribune Publishing offered to pay $3 million in bankruptcy costs for Freedom Communications in exchange for the right to bid when the Orange County Register and its parent are sold at auction. Per the Wall Street Journal: "The offer could set up a bidding war for the publisher between the Los Angeles Times owner and an investment team that includes current management. Freedom Communications entered bankruptcy with a bid from its current CEO, Richard E. Mirman, a former casino executive, and Orange County developer Mike Harrah."
Also today, the Columbia Journalism Review posted a long story on the Times and its messy recent relationship with Chicago and Tribune Publishing. Headline: A billionaire, a fired publisher, and a spectacle at the LA Times. Austin Beutner and Eli Broad are subjects of the story. Sample:
A 5-year-old girl who allegedly said she was going to shoot her classmates and herself with her pink "bubble" gun was kicked out of school.
Last week, the kindergartner was chatting in line while she was waiting for the bus. No one is sure exactly what she said, but according to the family's attorney, she told classmates something along the lines of "I'm going to shoot you and I will shoot myself." She didn't have her Hello Kitty Bubble Gun with her at the time, but when school officials got wind of the conversation, they questioned the little girl, suspended her for making a "terroristic threat," according to The Daily Item newspaper, and told her parents she needed to be evaluated by a psychiatrist.
"All I know," the mother told the paper, "is what my daughter has told me and she said she was told she could go to jail, which is a very traumatic thing for a 5-year-old to live with."
Also on NBCPhiladelphia.com: Boy forced off bus, given to stranger
The attorney says the little girl was questioned for about three hours, without her parents present.
"This is a good-natured little girl," lawyer Robin Ficker said. "And this shows how hysterical people who work at schools have become since Sandy Hook."
She attends school in the Mount Carmel Area School District in Northumberland County, Pa. A school administrator told PennLive.com that officials are looking into the incident and are not able to discuss disciplinary actions.
The family wants the school to apologize to their daughter and they don't want the suspension to be on her school record.
Also on NBCPhiladelphia.com: Man shot in head during home invasion
Mozambique Airlines (LAM) reported that flight TM136 was struck by an alleged drone on landing
Damage occurred to the fuselage in the form of dents and scrapes along the hull
The Boeing 737-700 is undergoing maintenance with official verification of the incident yet to be released
Flight TM136 (reg. C9-BAQ), one of Mozambique Airlines (LAM) Boeing 737-700s has collided with a drone on its approach to Tete Airport (TCV), Mozambique, Africa.
The incident occurred on January 5th, with 80 passengers on board and 6 crew members flying in from the Capital, Maputo.
The Airline was allegedly on its final approach towards landing when a loud crash was heard, and the pilots made note of the collision. The plane was successfully landed, and upon further inspection significant damage was found to the right of the dome.
(Loosely) Translated:
“Information on the flight #TM136
Lam – Mozambican Airlines, S.A. communicates that the aircraft Boeing 737-700 that yesterday, the 5th of January 2017, held the flight TM136, taking off from maputo at 15:35 hours and arrived in Tete at 17:15 hours, with 80 passengers and 6 crew members, has suffered damage on the right side of the front part of the fuselage.
This was confirmed in the act of a routine survey that the crew makes to the aircraft after the landing. However, the damage was recorded, the moment the pilots started the process of approaching the landing for Tete Airport.
At that moment, the crew heard a loud bang, which alerted about the possibility of the aircraft have had contact with an external body. Even so, this did not upset the normal conduct of the flight until landing.
Due to the re-engineering of the aircraft, the passengers were relocated to another aircraft which transported the passengers from Tete to Maputo.
With regard to the incident the Boeing 737-700's will face replacement of the parts that have suffered damage, and appropriate procedures from the regulatory body for for situations such as this.”
Could a drone really cause this much damage?
The short answer is yes. A combination of speed, weight and the position of the impact could certainly result in quite a large amount of damage to the plane.
Keep in mind that the front ‘dome' of the plane's fuselage usually contains radar and other signal equipment, and as a result may not be as resistant to damage as other sections of the aircraft may be.
To further investigate LAM's claim that a drone could cause this much damage to an aircraft, we contacted a qualified pilot who wished to remain anonymous during the investigation stage: “The scratch marks down the side of the nose suggest it was something mechanical, not wild life.”
Regarding the incident, the pilot suggested birds (sometimes referred to as a birdstrike, bird ingestion or BASH Bird Aircraft Strike Hazard) can and have done much more damage to planes, with recent drone sightings a very real threat at some of the world's busiest airports.
Possibly, 2017 will see the term DASH become more commonplace, with Drone Aircraft Strike Hazard increasing relative to the massive commercial drone use and sales.
Bird Strike Comparison
To put things in perspective, here is the kind of damage fluffy birds can do to a plane (warning: some images may be graphic).
Aptly enough, drones have even been referred to as mechanical geese from hell, with the effects of drone strikes on planes being closely studied and experimented in an incredibly insightful article showing the experiments they ran, the analysis and expert opinions on the matter.
Should we simply cast drones into the same pot as bird strikes, or acknowledge that drones in their mechanical goodness actually pose a larger safety threat to aircraft passengers and crew? With nearly no clear defense against birds, will the drone sector be able to provide a solution against drones that may prove effective for airlines (and not just around airports!)
There are many questions to be answered, however considering the small size, speed and ability of even commercial drones such as the DJI Phantom 4, it's an area that deserves active attention to deter events such as #TM136 becoming even more hazardous.
LAM has been contacted for their comments on this story, with further updates pending.
In 1985, the Irish government boycotted the St. Patrick's Day parade in New York City, the biggest celebration in the Irish-American calendar. The cause of its umbrage was Peter King, that year's grand marshal and someone the Irish government said was an "avowed" supporter of a terrorist organization, the Irish Republican Army.
King, then a local politician on Long Island, was one of the most zealous American defenders of the militant IRA and its campaign to drive the British out of Northern Ireland. He argued that IRA violence was an inevitable response to British repression and that the organization had to be understood in the context of a centuries-long struggle for independence.
"The British government is a murder machine," King said. He described the IRA, which mastered the car bomb as an instrument of urban terror, as a "legitimate force." And he compared Gerry Adams, the leader of Sinn Fein, the IRA's political wing, to George Washington.
A quarter-century later, King is chairman of the powerful House Homeland Security Committee. In the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on New York and Washington, he became an uncompromising supporter of the Bush administration's counter-terrorism policies. And he has suggested that President Obama "use the word terrorism more often" so people understand the seriousness of his purpose.
As King prepares to hold hearings Thursday on what he called "the extent of the radicalization" of American Muslims, his past as a defender of armed struggle has led critics to assert he is imposing a double standard.
"My problem with him is the hypocrisy," said Tom Parker, a counter-terrorism specialist at Amnesty International who was injured by an IRA bomb that struck a birthday party at a military hall in London in 1990. "If you say that terrorist violence is acceptable in one setting because you happen to agree with the cause, then you lose the authority to condemn it in another setting."
"It's ironic that someone who offered such vocal support for the IRA is involved in this kind of witch hunt against Muslims in America," said Ibrahim Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
But King sees no parallel between the IRA and violent Islamist extremism, which he describes as a foreign enemy or a foreign-directed enemy. His preferred comparison for the IRA is with the African National Congress led by Nelson Mandela; the IRA, no less than the ANC's military wing, was fighting for community rights and freedom, he says.
"I [wanted] a peace agreement, a working agreement, where the nationalist community would feel their rights would be respected," King said in an interview at his Capitol Hill office. "I felt that the IRA, in the context of Irish history, and Sinn Fein were a legitimate force that had to be recognized and you wouldn't have peace without them.
"Listen, I think I'm one of the people who brought about peace in Ireland."
His interpretation of the past draws support from former president Bill Clinton and Tony Blair, who as British prime minister oversaw the most successful phase of the peace process in Northern Ireland. In the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, all parties to the conflict agreed to use "exclusively peaceful and democratic means" to pursue their aspirations.
"He had indeed been controversial (at least with the British!) in some of his earlier statements. But once he saw a path to peace that was just and deliverable, he urged and campaigned for everyone to take it," Blair wrote in an e-mail. "I thought he was right in his concerns about the new global terrorism but could understand why he saw the Irish situation as different."
— New York may be first in taxes, but a survey has ranked it dead last in one important characteristic: freedom.
That's the verdict from one conservative think tank, CBS 2's Lou Young reported.
Young visited the Byram River on Friday. It is one of the many borders that separate New York and Connecticut. A new study says the New York side of that river is part of the least free place in America; seriously.
“I think it depends on what criteria you're using, you know? Are you talking about taxes? Are you talking about civil rights?” Ridgefield, Conn., resident Jane Davila said.
The study in question is talking mostly about taxes and business regulation. The libertarian think tank at George Mason University in Virginia says New York is dead last in freedom. Most people seem to think that's a stretch, but many said they see the point.
“I think there is a grain of truth to it. We're not living in a police state. We happen to live in a very safe state. But the economics of New York clearly don't work and then you see things like Mike Bloomberg and his Big Gulp sodas and we're going to tell you what kind of cups you can use and what kind of bags you can use, that kind of day-to-day almost silly trivial “nanny”-type regulation; you can laugh about it but it starts to add up after a while,” White Plains attorney John Murtagh said.
And New York businesses can sometimes have to navigate oceans of red tape — like the sudden need to renew a state sales tax license after 27 years in business. One merchant, though, said he'll live with it.
“It's a small pinprick, not enough to make me feel I'm not free in the great state of New York,” Donald Roloff said.
The survey also looked at restrictions on vices like gambling and fireworks, as well as alcohol and tobacco products, with massive state tax burdens, like shackles for one seller.
“For every $100 we have to pay $75 in taxes. Less free,” cigar shop owner Dominick Tortortello said.
The buyer isn't so sure.
“I don't like to say we're less free,” Sean Patrone said.
The study gave New York points for allowing gays to marry, but did not consider freedoms like women's access to reproductive services.
Yeah, we got problems, but New Yorkers, it seems, don't like being judged by someone else's standards.
“Taxes are a way the government you choose to be governed by operates that government and if you like a lot of services then you have to pay and if you don't you can live somewhere where there are fewer services,” said Steve Keltz of Larchmont.
Yes, New York has big government and we know the taxes are high but it has a lower crime rate than most states, and less alcohol and substance abuse, and one of the lowest divorce rates in America.
So, paraphrasing a great American songwriter, freedom, perhaps, is another word, for having nothing left to lose.
New Yorkers have exercised one freedom in the past decade or so. Census figures indicate the state's population has decreased by 9 percent, as people move out.
That's a trend Gov. Andrew Cuomo has vowed to reverse.
Please offer your thoughts in the comments section below …
Artesia man dies 8 times in one day, thanks people who saved his life Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ARTESIA, N.M. (KRQE)- You hear the saying all the time, "He's lucky to be alive." That's definitely true for a New Mexico man who recently died not once, not twice but eight times.
Lately, he only has one thing on his mind: thanking the firefighters and paramedics who worked so hard to save his life.
It was an August day that changed Jerald Pardue's life forever.
"I understand I coded out eight times," said Pardue.
That morning, Pardue died eight different times before he even made to the hospital. "All the sudden, I realized I was having a heart attack and came to the house, called 911 and that's the last thing I remember until about a week later," he said.
He says he's only alive today thanks to the work of the Artesia Fire Department and TriState CareFlight.
"I don't think there are many towns of 11,000 that have the quality fire department that we have here," said Pardue.
The helicopter that took Pardue to a hospital in Lubbock had to land in his horse pasture.
"Luckily one of the firefighters was familiar with horses and he was able to get them pinned up," he said.
After months of rehabilitation, Pardue now says he's on a mission to say thanks to everyone who saved him.
He's already spent some time at the Artesia Fire Department, hanging out with the crew, taking a tour and snapping pictures like one of him giving a little payback to the firefighter who gave him CPR and broke a few of his ribs.
He also met the EMS pilot who flew the helicopter, Lon Enos.
"Normally you drop them off and you leave them there, we rarely hear what happens to them, and then to have him surface a couple months later and actually getting to shake his hand. That really brought it all full circle," said Enos.
Pardue says that it took him a long time to even start walking again after his heart attack, but now he says he's feeling happy and healthy.
ORLANDO, Fla. -- Detroit Lions general manager Martin Mayhew isn't making any attempt to hide his love for Clemson receiver Sammy Watkins. He was forthright about
earlier this month, and went so far as to say he and coach Jim Caldwell had dinner with Watkins' family during their visit to South Carolina. "Jim and I had a meal with them and really enjoyed spending time with them," Mayhew said with unusual candidness during the NFL owners' meetings at the Ritz-Carlton Orlando Grande Lakes hotel. Lions coach Jim Caldwell said he valued watching a prospect's interplay with his parents while recruiting at Wake Forest, and that process has value even at the NFL level. "I've always loved to watch the interaction between an individual and his parents," Caldwell said. "You know that old scripture in the Bible, honor thy mother and father? Well typically you can tell what kind of young man it is (by how they treat their parents). "Most people think you can change them. But you watch the people they are closest to, and hold dearest to their heart, and how they treat them? Gives you a pretty good indication of what's going to happen in your program when you get them. So, obviously I think some of those things still hold true, even at this level, just watching that interaction." Whether that interest actually turns into a trade -- which almost certainly would be required for the Lions to snag Watkins -- or is a smoke screen for the Lions' true plans will remain a mystery until draft day. But for now, there's no mistaking Detroit loves what it sees in the draft's top receiver. "He's an outstanding player," Mayhew said. "Obviously, he's got the speed, he's got the quickness, he's got the playmaking ability. Another guy you can just get the ball in his hands and he can make something happen. "And the big games that he played, he had some of his best performances. He's a clutch guy, he's a clutch performer." Mayhew seemingly was referring to games such as last season's Orange Bowl, when Watkins racked up 16 catches for 227 yards against Ohio State and was named the game's MVP. He rewrote the Clemson record books with 240 career catches and 3,391 yards, and was named a second-team All-American last year. Watkins stands 6-foot-1 and 211 pounds, and is widely regarded as the top receiver in the draft. His stock has continued to climb as the draft draws near, with many now ticketing him for the top five. That means the Lions, sitting at No. 10, almost assuredly would have to trade up if they were serious about adding Watkins to a receiver corps that already features Calvin Johnson and Golden Tate. This year's draft class is believed to be among the deepest in recent memory, which could mean more quality players will be available in the middle rounds. And that could deter teams from trading away those picks to move up. But Mayhew said he does not believe there are 10 elite difference-makers in this draft, and that if the Lions have a chance to move into position to grab one of the guys they do believe is elite, they'll do it. "I think the depth of the draft is obviously a factor, in terms of you start thinking about trading up, what are you missing out on?" Mayhew said. "But sometimes the guys are elite players who are difference-makers. "If you're picking 10, and there are five elite players, and you can get one of those guys (in the top five), we think there's value in (doing that)."
Unique Structure and Content
Barbican (J110145 Cataclysmic Variable). Entry: B735 Unidentified Wormhole Beacon. Known systems: Nasreri
Conflux (J200727 Pulsar). Entry: C414 Unidentified Wormhole Beacon. Known systems: Otelen, Pashanai
Redoubt (J175618 Wolf Rayet). Entry: R259 Unidentified Wormhole Beacon. Known systems: Murzi
Sentinel (J055520 Red Giant). Entry: S877 Unidentified Wormhole Beacon. Known systems: Ami
Vidette (J164710 Magnetar). Entry: V928 Unidentified Wormhole Beacon. Known systems: Kurniainen
Lore Implications
Avery E. Broderick/University of Waterloo/Perimeter Institute
Black holes have a bit of an image problem. That's to be expected from an immense remnant of a stellar explosion with billions of times the mass of the sun and a gravitational pull so powerful, not even light can escape. Anything that ventures too close gets swallowed whole, never to be seen again. Or so the popular thinking goes. But there's a dramatic exception to that ironclad rule: all over the cosmos, galaxies with black holes at their center produce powerful energy jets, or blasts of superheated gas and dust that erupt from the very matter swirling down into the hole and travel outward for hundreds of thousands of light-years.
Astronomers have cataloged thousands of such energy jets over the decades, but what they've never been able to figure out is what powers them. How can material that effectively circles the galactic drain suddenly wrest itself free, and with such titanic force? Now, thanks to a study by an international team of astrophysicists that was published in the journal Science, there appears to be an answer — one that helps explain not only how the galactic pyrotechnics are produced but also how galaxies themselves grow and expand.
(MORE: A Just-Right Black Hole Fills a Cosmic Void)
What astronomers — with a little help from Albert Einstein — already understand is that every black hole is surrounded by what's called an event horizon, a threshold at which matter reaches a point of no return. It may be impossible to see the black hole itself, but with the right instruments you can detect the matter at the last moment before it disappears and, in effect, measure and mark the presence of the hole by the very absence it produces. Material at the event horizon forms a so-called accretion disk, a concentrated swirl of dust and gas that orbits the hole at nearly the speed of light, gradually feeding itself inward. It's at that point that, well, something happens to produce the jets. But what?
(PHOTOS: Window on Infinity: Pictures from Space)
To find out, a team led by Sheperd Doeleman, an astrophysicist at MIT's Haystack Observatory, focused on a jet bursting from a black hole at the center of the M87 elliptical galaxy, 54 million light-years from the Milky Way. That jet, studied since the early 1900s and among the closest within viewing range, also happens to emanate from a black hole with a highly visible event horizon — mostly because M87 ranks among the sky's brightest deep-space objects, meaning there are plenty of light emissions reflecting off the debris in the accretion disk.
That doesn't mean the disk can be studied with any detail, however. Black holes are very small objects on a cosmic scale, and 58 million light-years is still 58 million light-years. To sharpen their resolution, Doeleman and his team thus used a method known as Very Long Baseline Interferometry (VLBI), in which multiple radio telescope dishes collect wave emissions from different perspectives and later align them into measurement data, much as the mirror and lens on a standard telescope aligns light waves into an image. “It's a specialized thoroughbred technique which gives us the highest amount of detail of anything available to astronomers,” says Doeleman. For their study, they used data from radio dishes in Arizona, California and Hawaii, combining them in such a way that the observatories acted as a single, massive instrument with a resolution 2,000 times that of the Hubble Space Telescope. That revealed a lot.
(MORE: The Blackest Black Hole: Scientists Find a Monster the Size of 21 Billion Suns)
M87's event horizon, the researchers learned, is about the size of our solar system. The matter that produces the jets appears to come from an orbital position near the innermost edge of the accretion disk, about 5.5 times as distant as the horizon itself. That seems remote, but according to Einstein's gravitational theories, it's the last possible point at which matter can move in a stable orbit, because space time is distorted near a black hole. It's also the birthing ground for the jets, possibly because magnetic fields embedded in the material that's circling near the hole become twisted, carrying energy away in the form of an electromagnetic blast that is filled with charged particles — the very charged particles that emit the radio waves the scientists collected from Earth for their study.
The M87 jet's tight orbit fits only one theoretical model of black-hole dynamics, one that suggests that gravity from the swirling accretion disk can rotate a black hole over time, causing both to spin in the same direction and drawing the innermost orbit into the range where the astronomers found the M87 jet. That supports years of conjecture that black holes are anything but motionless. Says Doeleman: “The black hole has to be spinning to explain those measurements.”
Although the study centers on a single jet, the ramifications extend across the galaxy, since the energy blasts broadly distribute matter and energy, feeding and disrupting star formation. Astronomers therefore hope their next look at the jets' launch pad will be even more detailed. They plan on expanding their telescope array to include radio dishes worldwide, increasing the sensitivity of their virtual telescope by a factor of 10 and possibly leading to images rather than just measurements. As good as the high-speed energy jets are at escaping black holes, avoiding astronomers' prying eyes will — with luck — prove much more difficult.
PHOTOS: Snapshots of the Heavens: Amazing Astronomy Images
MORE: Scientists Hear a Star's ‘Screams' as It's Devoured by a Black Hole
Stephen Sparks, 54, of Citra, was arrested Wednesday on two counts of possession of a firearm or ammunition by a convicted felon.
The father of a woman being investigated by the FBI for possible terrorism links was arrested Wednesday on two counts of possession of a firearm or ammunition by a convicted felon.
The bond for Stephen Sparks, 54, of Citra, was set at $500,000. The bail is high, officials said, because of statements Sparks made on April 12 to his incarcerated 19-year-old daughter, Kristin Sparks, which were recorded on the Marion County Jail system.
On April 11, Stephen Sparks had talked with Assistant State Attorney Bill Gladson and admitted having rifles in the trunk of a vehicle, which differed from what he had told investigators earlier in the month.
Sheriff's officials said Sparks, speaking with his daughter by phone on April 12, told her he had dreamed of how to "answer the prick" he had talked with the day before — making reference to Gladson. Sparks told his daughter that "God told me how to handle him," though he did not go into detail, and said the end result "will be glory to God."
"I don't know why he chose to say those words, particularly on a recorded line," Gladson said Thursday. "Regardless of his motivation, we will not be intimidated by threats or fear and we will continue to do our job."
On April 12, when Sparks was talking with his daughter and the conversation was recorded, he was heard talking about being in control of rifles she was arrested for stealing and how she owned them, which was contrary to what he had previously told law enforcement officials, according to a report by sheriff's Detective Zackary Hughes, who is also an FBI task force officer.
Officials said the calls from Sparks to his daughter contained several comments that concerned them and that they also felt he might be a threat to himself.
During the calls, Sparks told his daughter he planned to send letters to her 19-year-old boyfriend, Jonathan Beese, who also is being investigated by the FBI for possible terrorism connections.
Beese and Sparks were arrested April 3 after they were pulled over by a Marion County sheriff's deputy. One of three rifles that had been stolen from the Sparks property in Citra was found in the trunk of their car.
Beese is incarcerated at the jail on $550,000 bond. Kristin Sparks' bond is $250,000. They are each charged with armed burglary of a conveyance, grand theft of a firearm and possession of burglary tools.
The FBI began investigating Sparks on Feb. 2 because of her close association with Beese. He was the subject of an FBI probe as early as July 29, 2015.
On April 4, local and federal officials served a search warrant at the Sparks home in Citra so they could recover an Apple MacBook they said had been used by Kristin in planning the burglary of the vehicle there that held a small cache of firearms.
Stephen Sparks told investigators that day that he was a convicted felon and said his deceased brother's gun collection had been distributed among family members. He said his mother kept some firearms on the property and that an SKS-style rifle, an AK-47-style rifle and an Enfield-style rifle were in the trunk of a vehicle and that his mother had kept the key.
He said his daughter was aware of the guns, but had not previously shown any interest in them.
The father told authorities Kristin Sparks and Beese met at an Ocala mosque after both had converted to Islam.
Their relationship began in September 2015. After that, she began to show “unusual interest in the firearms concealed in the trunk,” according to a court motion filed by Gladson. The father also said Beese began training her in hand-to-hand combat and marksmanship and twice had asked him about the location of the guns, specifically the AK-47-style assault rifle.
That day, while officials were at Sparks' home, they seized a .22-caliber semi-automatic Ruger rifle.
Law enforcement officials said Sparks was charged with a weapon-related offense in 1987 in Texas. He pleaded guilty and was sentenced to five years in prison and five years probation.
Sparks, who remained at the jail Thursday, declined an interview request from the Star-Banner.
Contact Austin L. Miller at 867-4118, austin.miller@starbanner.com or @almillerosb.
Security researchers at VeriSign iDefense can put a price on your Facebook account. As a recent attempt to sell 1.5 million accounts shows, social networking credentials are gaining value in the cyber-underworld.
Signing up for Facebook is free. But that doesn't mean attackers will have trouble turning a profit if they get their hands on your user credentials.
Just how much money can be made is illustrated by new findings from VeriSign iDefense, which uncovered a cyber-crook on an electronic fraud forum selling 1.5 million Facebook accounts at a price of $25 per 1,000 accounts with 10 contacts or fewer. For accounts with more than 10 friends the going rate was $45 per 1,000.
Read more at eWEEK: "1.5 Million Facebook Accounts for Sale in Web Forum, VeriSign Reports "
Welcome to Bitmarkets!!
https://vimeo.com/135888102
Free beer and other beverages courtesy of our sponsors:
Airbitz
TradeBitcoins.com
Coinstructive
Bitmarkets.org (https://voluntary.net/bitmarkets/)
A true P2P marketplace without third party escrow.
Join us for a night where we discuss some of the difficult questions surrounding P2P marketplaces. Skepticism is sure to be high as we are all aware of other bitcoin related marketplaces that have been in the news. You've already been introduced to OpenBazaar (https://openbazaar.org/) early this year through the San Diego Bitcoin Meetup Group. Now we are going to get a very special visit from the Lead Dev at https://voluntary.net and the man with the plan, Steve Dekorte.
Bitmarkets.org got its start after Steve decided to put his thoughts down on paper for a concept of a decentralized market in 2013. After great feedback Steve was joined by a few colleagues to help create the elements that would eventually form Bitmarkets.org (https://voluntary.net/bitmarkets/). Steve is a programmer based out of San Francisco that's best for for authoring the programming language Io.
The public beta version was released Nov. 19th 2014. We will be celebrating the 1 year Anniversary of the release with Steve.
***********************
Beverages and light snacks will be provided courtesy of of our sponsors.
Airbitz (https://airbitz.co) Alexandria (http://blocktech.com/) CoinStructive & tradebitcoins.com (http://bitcoinconsultant.net/trade/)
After we wrap up the event, we usually mozey on over to Berkeley Pizza where we are still trying to convince the owner Dan, who've I've also bugged at the NorthPark location, to accept bitcoin. Remind them the Inside Bitcoins Conference is coming to San Diego Dec. 14-16th.
*****UPDATE*****
PARKING SITUATION
People will have to find parking on the street where it is free after 6 PM.
After 6pm Yellow Loading Zones are available to park in also.
Alternatively, there are 3 parking structures nearby that are 2-3 blocks away but charge anywhere fro $5 - $12 depending if it also falls on an event (Convention Center events or Stadium events).
Horton Plaza Mall - 3 hours parking free with validation inside the mall.
Here's a map of the parking structures and prices:
http://sandiego.bestparking.com/
Be sure to zoom into Convention Center area and near 4th Ave. There are actually more than 3 and also set the time after 6 PM so it calculates the rates correctly.
Hope that helps! Let me know if there is anything else I can help with!
See you then. Rain or Shine.
Chris Groshong - CEO CoinStructive (http://coinstructive.com)
@djkinkle (https://twitter.com/djkinkle) @coinstructive (https://twitter.com/coinstructive)
What do you say to your half-Asian child who doesn't want to be Asian? (Getty Images)
When Ian Rose's son voices his disquiet about being half-Vietnamese, a parenting opportunity opens up.
Today, as I drop our son at school, a fellow stressed-out dad thrusts a party invite my way.
“Look at this,” I beseech the boy, waving it in his face as he stands in front of his locker trying to remember which of his school-bag contents go where.
“Your friend is having a birthday party. He's turning six. AND it's on a Sunday. You'll miss Vietnamese school. Result!”
He reels around and jabs me in the ribs with a pencil case.
“Sssssh, dad,” he implores, “don't say Vietnamese. I don't want the other kids to know I'm Vietnamese.”
“What's wrong with being Vietnamese?”
“Being Vietnamese is stupid.”
Now this isn't good.
“What are you talking about? Being Vietnamese is tremendous. You know what's cool? You're twothings. Vietnamese and English.”
I lean in close for an ear-mutter. “Most of the kids round here are plain old Aussie.”
He looks unconvinced. There's no time to discuss this further, as the class-teacher is opening the day's proceedings, and I don't want to get mistaken for one of those parents who hang around to help.
Back at home, I spend the morning mulling.
This isn't the first time one of our Anglo-Asian Aussie children has expressed a troubling antipathy towards the Asian end of their identity. Just the other week my daughter, aged eight, clambered on to my lap as I was enjoying a rare moment on the sofa, held her wrist against mine and demanded to know why she couldn't be as white as me.
Why are our children rejecting their own Asian-ness?
This isn't the first time one of our Anglo-Asian Aussie children has expressed a troubling antipathy towards the Asian end of their identity.
Making sure we were in a diverse neighbourhood wasn't really a factor when we chose a place to live and bring up our family. The hills on the edge of Melbourne were pretty and cheap, and once we'd established there was decent coffee and baked goods, we didn't fuss over demographics. We knew hippies flourished, that much we were braced for, but hadn't realised it was going to be quite this white.
The school's great, but not what you'd call multicultural, by any stretch of the imagination, which is not ideal. Narrow ethnic scope notwithstanding, we love it round here, so moving's not an option (hey, have you seen the cost of stamp duty?)
All the banging on I do about merry old England probably doesn't help matters. My homesickness (nine years in and counting) has had me gushing on to the kids about the old place all their lives. BBC radio shows streamed, shelves filled with British books, British music and photographs of people back in Britain. Asia cops a low profile round here, and that must be my fault.
It's time I started doing my bit. Start spelling out to my Eurasian offspring what's so tremendous about being Vietnamese.
Maybe I shouldn't be quite so quick to conspiratorially celebrate with the kids whenever they get to skip Vietnamese school, either. I feel guilty about their having to spend Sunday afternoons there (hey, my own childhood was free from such character-building obligation, go figure), but it's important they go, and not just to keep their grandmother happy.
It's time I started doing my bit. Start spelling out to my Eurasian offspring what's so tremendous about being Vietnamese.
The origin myths for a start. A dragon and fairy get it on, have 100 sons, then decide to split, fairy mum taking half the kids to the highlands, dragon dad the other half to the coast, forming two kingdoms - it's like a Game Of Thrones plot - what's not to like?
And then there's the history - all that resistance and valour. Those badass Trung sisters who raised an army to revolt against occupying Chinese forces back in AD40 - let's not dwell on their throwing themselves into Hat Giang River when their campaign failed, but dig that ballsy, proto-feminist defiance.
And once I've told them these and more reasons why being Vietnamese is righteous, I'll remind them that it's not where a person is from, but what they do and how they treat others that counts.
Vietnam's struggle towards nationhood was immense - their David not only seeing off China's Goliath again and again (an army tried invading as recently as 1979, but were sent packing after only 17 days), but also the French, then the Americans. That Viet blood these kids have flowing in their veins is some full-bodied drop, right enough.
Don't even get me started on the food. Vietnamese or English? Hardly a match-up. Plus the place is stunning.
And once I've told them these and more reasons why being Vietnamese is righteous, I'll remind them that it's not where a person is from, but what they do and how they treat others that counts.
A slam-dunk on the parenting court. Might treat myself to 10 minutes on the sofa, on the back of that.
Love the story? You can follow the author on Twitter.
2N2/30 Construction Pictures
Follow down this page to see how this rig was constructed!
The 5 X 7 inch substrate is partitioned off as shown. In general, each stage is built within the defined spaces.
Construction of this rig started with one of the four sub-modules that were used. This one contains the reception T/R switch, and the input bandpass filter components.
The RF gain potentiometer provides the means of mounting the module to the front-panel.
The first components to go on the main substrate were for the VFO. RIT components were added later.
The main inductor wound on the white T50-7 core is held between a pair of #8 nylon shouldered washers. These keep the coil off of the surface of the PC board substrate, and prevent it from moving around. A nylon 4-40 screw is used to secure the assembly.
Components for the Norton "noiseless feedback" receive RF amplifier were then added.
Next, an ADE-1 mixer was attached to a substrate header and affixed to the main substrate along with the remaining components for this stage.
The output link from the VFO drives the mixer LO port through a 6 dB attenuator. The IF port of the mixer is terminated with a 3 dB attenuator.
Post-mixer amplifier and crystal filter components were added next.
Note that the crystal cases are tied together and grounded to the substrate to optimize filter performance.
Components for the IF amplifier were added next.
This stage has about 40 dB of gain, so careful layout is important. Keeping the input and output transformers separated as much as possible improves stability.
Product detector components were then added to the substrate.
To make the product detector function, the LO components were soldered in place.
The crystal case is grounded here also.
Next, the audio preamplifier components were added, completing the construction along the front of the substrate.
The diodes shown here were later moved and became part of the reception mute circuitry, where they were designed to be.
These are the reception mute circuitry components.
This circuitry was added between the main amplifier stage to the left and the preamplifier to the right after the transmit strip was finished and operational.
On the left rear side of the substrate, the main audio amplifier components were added.
This same two stage, direct coupled, push-pull amplifier has been used in every 2N2/XX designed to date, and provides over 80 dB of power gain with very low noise.
Substrate with all of the reception components in place except the reception audio mute circuitry.
The reception T/R switch/input filter module is plugged into the RF amplifier.
These are the initial transmit parts. In the middle of the image is to transmit local oscillator, and to its left, to transmit mixer, another ADE-1. The white lead coming in from the top of the image is a piece of teflon coax carrying the VFO signal to the attenuator that connects to the RF port on the mixer.
The components for to transmit Cascode RF amplifier were then added to the substrate. A 51 ohm resistor temporarily terminates this stage for testing.
As with the reception IF amplifier, keeping the input and output transformers separated helps control instability of this high gain stage.
Next, components for the transmit driver were added. The 2N2222 transistor will get a suitable heat sink later. The small 50 ohm potentiometers sets to transmit power.
Another sub-module was used for the final amplifier assembly so that it could be replaced easily if the 2SC2166 transistor didn't work out as expected. It worked wonderfully well, and was left intact in the rig as it is shown here.
The temporary heat sink was replaced with a copper strap to carry the heat to the back panel of the case.
The final components to be installed were those for the transmit/receive switch, adjacent to the final amplifier module.
Completed substrate build except the onboard RIT components. Those were installed to the left of the VFO circuitry in the open space that can be seen. The board mounted components went on yet another sub-module.
RIT control module mounted to front panel.
RIT frequency module mounted to substrate
#ShakespeareSoWhite!
Stanford University's theater department has come under fire for neglecting to turn the Bard's The Tempest into a social justice-warring morality play about racism, colonialism, Eurocentrism, cultural appropriation, victimization of Native Americans, and white supremacy.
The student production of Shakespeare's romantic comedy about Italian nobles washed up on a mysterious island after a storm opened on March 1 to a packed house and a rave review by Alli Cruz, theater critic for the student newspaper, the Stanford Daily. The play's plot revolves around Prospero, the long-exiled Duke of Milan who is also a magician, his beautiful daughter, Miranda, exiled to the island along with him, a charming island sprite called Ariel who serves the pair, and Caliban, the feral son of a witch who is first befriended by Caliban, then enslaved by him after he tries to molest Miranda. There are nymphs, there are drunken ship's crewmen who tell bawdy jokes, there's Ferdinand, a nice young Milanese nobleman who falls in love with Miranda, and there's a happy ending and reconciliation all around in which Prospero gets his dukedom back and Ferdinand and Miranda get married.
You might wonder what any of this has to do with racism, colonialism, and the rest of the social-justice menu. But Shakespeare scholars have been speculating for decades that the island in question was likely in the Caribbean, even though the text of the play suggests that the island was actually in the Mediterranean, not too far from Italy. But there had been a well-publicized English shipwreck near Bermuda in 1609, two years before The Tempest made its debut performance in London, so it's possible that Shakespeare indeed set his play in the New World, not the Old. That makes Prospero a colonial settler, Caliban a victimized Native American, Ariel a—well, I don't know what Ariel is supposed to be. Or the nymphs, for that matter.
Full article at WeeklyStandard.com.
Latest Videos
Since my last blog post there has been lots of progress on the KWin on 5 effort. First of all a big thank you to everybody who has picked up some of the tasks on the trello board. Thanks to that to compile output is starting to look better and better – the number of deprecated warnings is starting to go down and by that also some areas are closer to be working again.
Talking of working again: the important changes are merged into Qt with the result that KWin from framework-scratch branch starts again. One should still be careful and not replace the KWin 4 – the most important steps are outlined in the wiki.
Lately my work focused on porting from QtQuick 1 to QtQuick 2. This is a change which needs to happen as all our user interfaces are using Plasma Components which do not exist for QtQuick 1 anymore in the frameworks 5 world. Of course we also want to make use of the new goodies of QtQuick 2 🙂
This required not only to adjust our QML files, but also to change the C++ side from QtDeclarative to QtQuick. I was a little bit afraid of these changes as our window thumbnail rendering used quite some hacks around the underlying QGraphicsScene to make it work. My fear was that this won't be possible with QtQuick 2 anymore.
To my surprise I was even able to remove a large part of our hacks because QtQuick 2 exposes information which we need and which isn't exposed in the old world. Other parts are still hacky and I fear that we even have some regressions concerning clipping.
Our QtScript and QML bindings shared a lot of code as both are based on QScriptEngine. With QtQuick 2 it's no longer based on the QScriptEngine and by that our implementations start to diverge. As far as my testing showed we can no longer inject properties on the JavaScript global object in the QtQuick bindings which means that our API slightly breaks and cannot be identical to the QtScript API any more.
While this is of course a disadvantage it also brings advantages as I am forced to implement proper QML replacements. For example interaction with a screen edge can now be done in a nice QML syntax:
ScreenEdgeItem { edge: ScreenEdgeItem.LeftEdge onActivated: doSomething() }
Right now all usages of QtQuick in KWin core and KWin effects have been ported to QtQuick 2. Still remaining is Aurorae – this needs some more work as the window decoration API needs adjustments anyway given that right now rendering of decorations in non-compositing is broken.
Yemeni pro-government forces patrol during clashes against Shiite rebels in Yemen's western Dhubab district, about 30 kms (20 miles) north of the strategic Bab al-Mandab Strait, on January 11, 2017. (AFP/Xinhua)
ADEN, Yemen, Jan. 17 (Xinhua) -- Yemeni counter-terrorism forces arrested on Tuesday a leader of the Yemen-based affiliate of the Islamic State (IS) group suspected of recruiting suicide assailants in the southern port city of Aden.
A statement released by the counter-terrorism unit in Aden said that "a mid-level commander" of IS was captured during a "surprise anti-terror operation conducted in Aden's neighborhood of Enma."
The captured suspect had been using social media accounts in recruiting young people from local mosques into IS group as suicide bombers, the statement said.
"The suspect confessed to recruiting more than 25 young people as suicide bombers, nearly five of them have since launched attacks against locations in Aden," the statement added.
A military official told Xinhua that the security forces and other military units tightened security measures around state facilities and deployed many patrols to track the remaining 20 would-be suicide attackers in Aden.
The counter-terrorism unit released the suspect's personal picture on Facebook without mentioning his full name.
The southern port city of Aden is the headquarters of Yemen's internationally-backed President Abdu-Rabbu Mansour Hadi and his government.
Aden witnessed several well-planned assassinations and armed attacks after Saudi-backed forces drove the Shiite Houthi rebels out from the strategic city in July 2015.
However, the newly-trained anti-terrorism troops supported by the United Arab Emirates (UAE) armored vehicles made substantial achievements in recent weeks, disabling several explosive material factories used by terrorists to manufacture car bombs in Aden.
In addition, several commanders of the Yemen-based al-Qaida branch were captured in the successful raids conducted by the UAE-backed Yemeni forces in Aden and neighboring provinces.
Yemen, an impoverished Arab country, has been gripped by one of the most active regional al-Qaida insurgencies in the Middle East.
The Yemen-based al-Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), also known locally as "Ansar al-Sharia," emerged in January 2009, claiming responsibility for a number of terrorist attacks against Yemen's army and governmental institutions.
The AQAP and the IS-linked terrorists took advantage of the security vacuum and ongoing civil war to expand their influence and seize more territories in southern Yemen.
Security in Yemen has deteriorated since March 2015, when war broke out between the Shiite Houthi group, supported by former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, and government forces backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition.
Over 10,000 people have been killed in ground battles and airstrikes since then, many of them civilians.
The US Federal Reserve has admitted that its systems were hacked during Sunday's Super Bowl, a breach that led to the leaking of personal data on hundreds of US banking executives.
The breach allowed hacktivist ragtag collective Anonymous to post the names, email addresses, mobile phone numbers and login credentials (password hashes and IDs) of what it said were 4,000 senior US banking executives. The attack and subsequent leak was carried out as part of an ongoing campaign, dubbed Operation Last Resort, calling for reform of the justice system following the suicide of RSS and Reddit co-creator and activist Aaron Swartz. Swartz had been the target of a controversially aggressive federal cybercrime prosecution after he broke into MIT servers in an effort to liberate academic papers onto the internet.
The leaked file was uploaded to the hacked portion of a website of the Alabama Criminal Justice Information Center (acjic.alabama.gov) and a Chinese site, rather than Pastebin. The Federal Reserve admits the leaked data is genuine and came from its systems, the while playing down the significance of the breach.
"The Federal Reserve system is aware that information was obtained by exploiting a temporary vulnerability in a website vendor product," a spokeswoman told Reuters on Tuesday. "Exposure was fixed shortly after discovery and is no longer an issue. This incident did not affect critical operations of the Federal Reserve system."
Reuters obtained a memo from the Fed to members of its Emergency Communication System (ECS) warning that "mailing address, business phone, mobile phone, business email, and fax numbers had been published," but playing down the significance of the breach.
"Some registrants also included optional information consisting of home phone and personal email. Despite claims to the contrary, passwords were not compromised," the organisation said.
Anonymous' OpLastResort previously featured attacks on the US Sentencing Commission and the Eastern District of Michigan United States Probation Office website. The Sentencing Commission hack involved embedding a game of Asteroids as an Easter Egg in the site, which is yet to return to normal operation more than a week after the initial assault. ®
Bootnote
The headline event from Sunday's Super Bowl at the New Orleans Superdome was of course the extended power outage. Some reports suggest that the tripping of an electrical breaker left the the indoor sports arena relying on emergency lighting, suspending play for 34 minutes. The whole incident may, of course, have been designed to allow extra time for advertisers. However, Beyonce's supposed use of an "Illuminati" symbol (chillingly captured here) during her half time show is bound to excite a few conspiracy theorists towards thinking darker forces were at work.
2nd November 2011
At the end of October 2011, the UN declared that the population of the planet had surpassed 7 billion people. In the same month the fact that the UK population was to reach 70 million people by 2027 was also making the news. So Gardenandgreen.co.uk contacted Population Matters, to ask a few questions. Simon Ross their CEO kindly answered them. Here they are;
1. Firstly can you explain a bit about what Population Matters is and whats its aims are?
Population Matters is the UK's leading population concern charity. We have been in existence for around twenty years and our patrons include Sir David Attenborough and Chris Packham. We believe that growing population numbers contribute to the environmental, sustainability and quality of life issues we face.
2. The world population is going to surpass 7 billion by November 2011. What do you consider a population that the earth can sustainably support and how do you come to that figure?
By sustainability, we mean live entirely on renewable resources. We use Global Footprint Network data. We believe a sustainable number is 2-3 billion in the long term, based on assuming everyone will have a moderate living standard of around that of Egypt and after fossil fuels have been exhausted.
3. According to the statistics the population of the earth was just
over 2 billion in the 1950's so that is an increase since then of 5
a billion, what sort of damage has this increase had on the worlds
environment, such as air and water?
The impact of humanity is a combination of the growing numbers, growing affluence, and changing industrial practices. Some of the major impacts include: climate change, severe reduction in natural habitat, severe reduction in biodiversity of all kinds everywhere, pollution of waterways and some coastal regions and air pollution, particularly in cities.
Image Credit: Damien Brandon
4. What is the sustainable population number for the British Isles, your old website said 30 million, what happens to the environment beyond the figure as we are now double that number?
By sustainability, we mean live off renewable resources. Currently, we mainly live from non-renewable resources, such as oil, gas and coal, and by importing food, minerals and other resources. When the non renewable resources run out, which is inevitable, and as other countries refuse to export their resources, which will happen as their populations rise and as they industrialise, we will not be able to support the current population at current living standards. Some people think new technologies will help; on the other hand, climate change may make things worse.
Having said that, we are already degrading our environmental habitat in the UK. Natural soil fertility is falling; light, noise and air pollution are increasing; wildlife of all kinds is being reduced in general, though there are exceptions; green spaces are being lost to development; intensive agriculture makes the landscape less attractive.
5. What is your opinion about food and fishing resources, how can these cope with an ever increasing global population, will
technology help or will agriculture not be able to produce enough food?
We can increase food and fishing productivity through reducing waste, improving efficiency, extending agriculture into uncultivated areas and more intensive methods. However, this will be at the cost of wildlife. Secondly, climate change is likely to affect agriculture adversely through changing climate patterns, more natural disasters, loss of glacial meltwater and rising sea levels. Most importantly, though, intensive agriculture is not sustainable. It relies on large quantities of fertile soil, water from underground aquifers, and energy, especially oil, all of which are being rapidly depleted. Moreover, intensive agriculture is highly vulnerable to diseases and pests. Finally, demand is increasing, not just because of the projected rise in population from 7 billion now (it was only 3 billion in 1960) to 10 billion by 2085, but the global move to much less efficient meat based diets.
6. How will world wildlife cope with the extra numbers, as it seems the more people the more conflict there is between animals and humans, for example Asian Elephants are already poisoned by farmers to stop them eating crops and in Vietnam the Javan Rhino has just become extinct, their habitat had halved since 1988?
Many species are being driven to extinction all over the world, due to loss of habitat, overexploitation, invasisve species, pollution and climate change. This has happened throughout recorded history but is increasing. Increasing human numbers will only accelerate this process. Reserves and other conservation methods are unlikely to have a significant impact.
7. Which countries are having the biggest booms in population?
Population is growing fastest in percentage terms in sub-Saharan African countries and certain Middle Eastern and Asian countries. Examples of large fast growing countries include Nigeria, Pakistan and the Philippines. Countries such as China and India add large numbers due to their great size. The population of the US, the UK, Canada and Australia are also growing quickly, mainly as a result of migration.
8. All of the main three parties have been hugely in favour of mass immigration of millions into the UK, without considering the impact on the environment. David Blunkett as Home Secretary said during the Labour Government he saw 'no obvious upper limit to legal immigration'. So what is the upper limit of population in the UK before quality of life and the environment begins to really suffer?
The problem is that it is a gradual process. Quality of life in England particularly is already suffering from it being the most densely populated large country in Europe. Examples include lack of housing, small houses/ flats, overcrowded public transport, slower road journey times, loss of green spaces, loss of unspoilt countryside, noise, light and air pollution and pressure on services. The environment is also being gradually lost to development, with many species under threat.
9. An extra 10 million people in 16 years is a huge number, and is apparently the equivalent to adding a city the size of Leeds to the country every year. Do you know if our drinking water, sewage, landfill and traffic infrastructure will cope with that sort of rise?
Water and sewage will increasingly be a problem, especially in the south-east. Rising extraction rates from rivers will affect wildlife. Landfill will mean more unspoilt countryside is lost, while journey times by road will get longer.
10. Do you know how much countryside is expected to be concreted over to house the rise in population and what impact will this have on British wildlife and natural habitats?
The current battles over development and planning are about this. The limited brownfield sites are being filled, meaning that many towns face developments on their outskirts. People will have further to go to reach the countryside and wildlife will be further reduced.
For more information about population issues and Population Matters visit their website www.populationmatters.org
Jakeem's Dream to Play In the NFL Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
LUBBOCK, Tx -- - Jakeem Grant has always been doubted...even when he originally came to Texas Tech.
The five-foot-seven wideout wasn't even ranked in the state by some recruiting services, and he only received one major Division 1 offer -- Tech.
Now he's being doubted again, this time by the NFL.
Three Red Raiders received invitations for the NFL Combine in February. Jakeem was not included in that list.
For how he plans to turn NFL Scouts' heads and change their minds?
Grant says he has a shot to do something no NFL'er has ever done: run a 4.0 40-yard dash.
It won't be the first time he's attempting something some people say he will never accomplish.
Click the video provided, for the full story...
In a dark apartment in Tokyo, a lonely woman is transported to the snowy vistas of Minnesota. She gets lost in the fuzzy images on her TV, fast-forwarding, rewinding and pausing, searching for clues and meaning. When the worn-out tape is snarled in her VCR, she pulls the unspooled mess into her face and inhales reverently.
It's not long before she is on a plane headed to America, hunting for the booty that Steve Buscemi buried in “Fargo,” the 1996 film that she scrutinizes as if it were real. (In her defense, that Coen brothers' award winner did claim to be based on a true story, even though it wasn't.) As playfully asserted by the new film “Kumiko, the Treasure Hunter,” a fantasia inspired by an urban myth, the title character (Rinko Kikuchi) has the power to make something real out of something fake — to remake and refashion the movie in her own image. It's just the latest exploration of how modern humans have adapted their imaginations and identities in response to the recorded image. Movies play host to our fantasy lives and can even transform and define our day-to-day — at least according to the movies themselves.
From Jean-Paul Belmondo's Bogie-ness in “Breathless” to Marlon Brando's self-conscious channeling of his own “Godfather” performance in “The Freshman,” there's a long tradition of movies summoning and reappropriating their forebears. (Though not summoning any specific movies, “The Purple Rose of Cairo,” Buster Keaton's “Sherlock Jr.” and “The Last Action Hero” famously explored the porosity of the screen, and our need to transgress, and commune with, what's up there.) There's an echo chamber aspect to this, but such conjuring also has the potential to make the movies seem more emotionally resonant and real. In “Sleepless in Seattle,” the characters are entranced by “An Affair to Remember,” making their romance seem less fictional in light of it.
Ertugrul, President of a Muslim homosexual association in Turkey, stands near the Istiklal Avenue as he poses for a photograph in Istanbul. — AFP pic
ISTANBUL, Aug 10 — “When I was a child, I was told that homosexuals would burn in hell,” said Ertugrul, a Muslim fighting for greater freedom for gays in a country where homosexuality remains taboo.
Ertugrul, who did not want to give his last name, is president of the group Muslims and Gays, which he says wants to “break taboos” in Muslim-majority Turkey, where gays are still subject to violence and abuse.
“There are still regions where people kill gays and lesbians to keep the honour of the family intact,” he said.
“For religious clerics, homosexuality is a test. If you succumb to temptation, you will go to hell. If you resist, you will be pardoned and go to heaven,” explained the 39-year-old, a practising Muslim.
Homosexuality and transsexuality are not illegal in Turkey but police regularly swoop — with or without authorisation — on parks, bars or hammams they believe gays frequent to check for prostitution.
People are then taken to police stations where officers check their identities and if they have a criminal record.
Critics say the checks are a way of putting pressure on the gay community.
In 2010, the Turkish minister for Women and the Family, Selma Aliye Kavaf, fell foul of gay rights groups when she classified homosexuality as “a biological disorder” and a “disease” which needed to be “cured”.
When anti-government protests swept Turkey in June, members of the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) association used the demonstrations to try and highlight their cause, but in vain, as violent attacks and even murders continue.
Gulsen, a 24-year-old who is gay, told AFP that, just the previous day, a transsexual friend had been found dead.
“We have lost count of the number of attacks, there are so many of them,” he said.
He was attacked in Istanbul's Gezi park, the site made famous after controversial plans for its redevelopment sparked the June protests.
“I was talking to a young guy the other evening in the park when I was attacked by two guys who stabbed me in the face with a knife,” said Gulsen, who like Ertugrul, preferred that AFP did not use his last name.
But reporting the attack is out of the question.
“Why would I?” he said. “We know that there will be another version of events and that the attackers will never be punished.”
As gay Muslims struggle to reconcile religious teaching and sexuality, some prefer to try and get rid of their feelings, eager to believe that being gay is merely a phase.
“I couldn't stay gay — my family and friends could not accept it,” said Mustafa, 26.
He underwent therapy to “better understand himself” and to “try to desire a woman's body”. Convinced that he could change, Mustafa married a woman in June.
“She knows that I am not in the least attracted to women but that I'm working on it,” he said. He wants “to be normal”, he said, “like everyone else whose lives are simple”. — AFP
Over five-hundred people, armed with banners, signs, and stories of health insurance industry abuse rallied at the Minneapolis United Labor Center Sunday afternoon to demonstrate that people across the country want Congress to deliver on the change people voted for by finishing comprehensive health care right.
The rally's keynote was delivered by U.S. Senator Al Franken, who earlier this week, had signed on to a letter asking Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to use the budget reconciliation process to pass the public option. Reconciliation would require only fifty Senate votes, plus the Vice-President, and has given many people hope that passage of a public option may still be possible.
In opening remarks, Bill McCarthy, President of the Minneapolis Regional Labor Federation, praised Franken for his leadership on federal health care reform and called the Senator "a fighter and champion of Minnesota's working families." McCarthy said "workers across the country are at the mercy of insurance companies' soaring premiums, denied claims and inflated profits. It's time Washington listened to those that elected them, not corporate insurers."
Franken took the stage to thunderous applause midway through the rally. Citing insurance industry profits which continue to rise despite a weak economy, Franken told the packed hall "I think you know why they're fighting us." He warned that people "can't let the perfect be the enemy of the very, very good" referencing tea party protesters who picketed outside the hall. Promising to fight to make sure health care costs are lowered and quality goes up for all Americans, Franken concluded saying "All I can tell you is we're going to get this done."
Rally attendees included members of the Minnesota Health Care for America NOW (HCAN) coalition, Organizing for America (OFA), MoveOn, ISAIAH, labor and progressive organizations. Sunday's attendees were united in the need for Congress to rein in corporate greed, create more jobs, protect workers' rights and achieve comprehensive, affordable health care for all Americans.
The rally was part of a week-long nationwide push insisting Congress act now on health care reform and listen to everyday Americans, and not insurance industry lobbyists who have spent record amounts to block health care reform and protect their profits. Sharon Sund of MoveOn told the crowd "enough is enough. Congress has been debating health care reform for over a year. We voted for change and we want results now."
The Minneapolis rally precedes a bi-partisan, televised health reform summit scheduled with President Obama on Thursday.
It's a question Tim Farron must lie awake at night dreading.
Channel 4's Cathy Newman once again pinned the Liberal Democrat leader on his personal views on gay sex.
Reuters Tim Farron became Lib Dem leader in July 2015 after a disastrous election campaign left the party with only 8 MPs
'Metropolitan remainers might like what they hear from you on Brexit,' she began.
'But what about social issues. Take for example, a while back I asked you whether it was true you believed homosexuality was a sin and you struggled to answer. Now you have had a while to consider that question, what is the answer?'
For fourth time @timfarron struggled to give me a clear answer on if it's true he believes homosexuality is sinful #C4News #GeneralElection — Cathy Newman (@cathynewman) April 18, 2017
He replied: 'I don't think I struggled to answer it at all, Cathy. I think I'm not in the position to make theological announcements over the next six weeks. I'm not going to spend my time talking theology or making pronouncements.' He went on to stress his political support for gay rights: 'As a Liberal, I'm passionate about equality, about equal marriage and about equal rights for LGBT people, for fighting for not just for LGBT rights in this country but overseas. 'Just because I'm Christian, it would be a bit boring for everybody to spend the next weeks asking me to make theological announcements that I'm not going to make.' In a campaign where Farron will look to pitch his party as the only credible option Remain option, it is a stumbling block he doesn't need. As a quick Google search will show, the issue is one that could well dominate public views of him.
A Google search of Tim Farron highlights some common words associated with him.
The reaction on social media was predictable. Until moments before hailed as a hero of the 48 per cent, Farron was immediately derided as an 'absolute disgrace'.
This is an absolute disgrace. But hey, I'm just some sinning gay, what would I know. https://t.co/nzu1PU7YLB — Owen Jones (@OwenJones84) April 18, 2017
Mr @timfarron you are definitely a sinner for your continued intolerance & prejudice. Please try and join the rest of us in the year 2017. — David Walliams (@davidwalliams) April 18, 2017
Tim Farron on C4 news failing to clarify his views on the gay community. 'We're all sinners'.
It's 2017. — Sue Perkins (@sueperkins) April 18, 2017
BREAKING: John McDonnell says it's 'appalling' if Tim Farron believes homosexuality is a sin & urges him to clarify his position. @GMB — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) April 19, 2017
There are layers upon layers of questions behind this issue. Is it right for Cathy Newman to repeatedly ask about this when it doesn't have any relevance to Farron's policy positions? Is it now impossible for a British Prime Minister to be anything other than a social liberal? Are conservative Christians barred from positions of high office in UK politics?
But the most pressing seems to whether a politician's personal views matter if it doesn't effect his policies.
When Tony Blair was asked if he prayed the concern was whether it would affect his judgment about going into Iraq.
But no such concern can be applied to the Lib Dem leader. Farron has gone to great lengths to stress his pro-LGBT rights credentials.
Today is International Transgender Day of Remembrance. I will keep doing all I can to stand with the community: https://t.co/N3UDCKFCcy — Tim Farron (@timfarron) 20 November 2015
He voted for the gay marriage legislation in 2012 and insists his abstentions later in the bill's process were over concerns about transgender people's protections. Out of the major party leaders he has been the most outspoken on gay rights – certainly more so than the daugher of a vicar Prime Minister.
As an evangelical Christian, Farron clearly believes in private that gay sex is sinful. As a liberal he won't enforce that on anyone and wants maximum freedoms for LGBT people to marry alongside heterosexual people. But that is a difficult and uncomfortable nuance to communicate to a hostile and religiously illiterate press pack.
The reaction to Farron's latest interview has shown that personal views, no matter how inconsquential, do matter. However firmly he boasts of his support for equal marriage and transgender rights, his refusal to deny gay sex is sinful will dog him.
Private views matter, however clearly they are separated from public policies. So here's what Tim Farron needs to say next time Cathy Newman asks him about gay sex.
'I'm a traditional Christian, and that goes with certain views about sex and sexuality. It also means, for instance, that I think the right place for sexual activity for heterosexual people is within marriage, but I notice you don't press me on that.
'However, I'm perfectly capable choosing to live in a particular way myself without feeling I need to inflict that on the rest of the country. And as a Liberal Democrat I stand for freedom of choice, justice and equality for everyone, including gay, lesbian and transgender people. I don't judge anyone and I don't condemn anyone. I need to have the freedom to exercise my conscience and they need to have the freedom to exercise theirs, and my record shows that I have fought and will fight for that as hard as ever I can.
'As a Liberal Democrat, I categorically reject the idea that everyone has to be forced into an ideological straitjacket before they can contribute to the political life of this country. I hope we can move on from this obsession with sex and sexuality and talk about the things that really matter about this election.'
Will it silence his critics? Possibly not – but what comes across as the non-answers he's given so far haven't done so, either.
We've all done it, and then almost invariably regretted it. Maybe you were drunk at the time or maybe young and inadequately supervised. Maybe you had a bad reaction to antihistamines or were temporarily possessed by Zuul, servant to Gozer the Gozerian. I don't even have an excuse. I was just straight-up seduced by a good cause and a request that seemed reasonable, and thought: “Yes, I'd like to add my name to this.” So, I signed an online petition. Maybe I signed a few. OK, lots.
The months that followed can only be described as a vortex of Catholic guilt, endangered porpoises, bitter tears and spam email. A Hitchcockian nightmare from which you think you have woken up; you think you have successfully unsubscribed, only to hear that horrible ping of new email and – out of a terrified corner of your eye, like Sigourney Weaver in Alien – see the words Avaaz or Change.org or 38 Degrees.
This is where I planned to insert a paragraph where I made it clear that much of the work such organisations do is very good, a way to be heard, a way for the global community to come together. But I can't. I hate them. I have been unable to break free (“What is wrong with you? Do you want those rare turtles to die? Do you hate the NHS? Do you not care about the plight of women on the island of ClickThisLinkia? What kind of monster are you?”) and yet I am tortured by the endless, aimless petitioning. The words “global community” fill me with dread. I was their prisoner, chained to the radiator of my own conscience.
Some petitions make sense, of course, but there are prerequisites. It needs to contain a clear request for something that can be done to someone who can do it in a way that is likely to have an impact. A petition to an MP asking them to support or oppose a particular measure in an upcoming vote, looking for signatures from the postcodes that make up their constituency, might make sense.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘A petition to make Beyoncé and Jay-Z comb their daughter's hair does not make sense.' Photograph: Mark Davis/Getty Images
A petition to make Beyoncé and Jay-Z comb their daughter's hair does not. A petition to ban sporks does not. A petition to “discourage rags on head in nativity plays” because they are a sign of “creeping sharia law” does not. It is a slippery slope to the inevitable e-petition asking for e-petitions to be scrapped and being rejected because – wait for it – “there is already an e-petition about this issue”.
Clay Johnson, a former online strategist for Barack Obama, explains it all rather neatly: organisations want your contact details; they don't care about your voice. “Nearly every organisation in Washington is focused on one thing – inventing new and interesting ways to get your email address,” he explains. “And they want your email address so that they can ask you for money.”
Scanning my inbox, I have four such requests for money right now. One from a political party and three from global community organisations. Maybe Clay has a point. Maybe it is time to do away with my instant, easy guilt-alleviation e-medicine; my pretending-to-care crutch; my one-click way of fixing the world. Time to take a deep breath, hit the unsubscribe button until my mailbox is purged and add recalcitrant DotOrgs to the spam filter.
And if I feel strongly enough about a turtle or the NHS or the plight of children in the developing world, I'm going to take the time to compose a personal message that is more likely to be heard and send it to someone who is more likely to listen. Or even better, find organisations that do real work in these areas and donate my time or money directly. You know, actually do something.
After nearly six years of service in Berkeley, Remy's Mexican Restaurant on Haste Street has shut its doors, leaving behind questions about the cause and permanence of the closure.
Some community members speculated that the closure may be related to the restaurant's recent citations for serving alcohol to minors. The restaurant was cited twice in recent months by the California Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control, or ABC, for serving alcohol to minors, according to John Carr, a spokesperson for ABC.
Remy's was suspended from serving alcohol from Dec. 22 to Dec. 31 as a result of their alleged sale of alcohol to a minor Aug. 9. They later served a 25-day suspension between Jan. 1 and Jan. 25 for allegedly selling alcohol to a minor Sept. 24.
“Part of me wants to say I'm surprised (about the closure), but part of me isn't surprised,” said campus junior Kevin Ji after learning that Remy's had closed. “I never felt that they were struggling for business, but they never (seemed) super active like other student places. … They were always a bit more lowkey than that.”
Ji noted that while he had not noticed any change in the number of customers during his recent visits to Remy's, he had heard from friends that the restaurant appeared less busy this semester on nights that it had normally been crowded.
Management from Remy's could not be reached for comment.
Remy's was formerly known as Mario's La Fiesta and had an additional location on Telegraph Avenue. The restaurant made the move to its banquet room on Haste Street in April 2009 in an attempt to cut costs during the economic downturn.
Mario and Rosalinda Tejada, who had owned Mario's La Fiesta since 1959, sold the restaurant to new management in 2011, and the location was renamed Remy's Mexican Restaurant.
For Ji, after his first time visiting Remy's as a sophomore with friends, the restaurant evolved into a spot where he could relax after a final or midterm with a burrito.
“I developed a personal affinity for Remy's,” Ji said. “It had been kind of like this familiar comfortable experience for me. I'm kind of sad that I won't be able to do that anymore.”
Remy's had also served as the weekly dinner spot for FoCUS at Cal, the undergraduate ministry of the First Presbyterian Church of Berkeley.
“We always had a great experience,” said Ryan Pemberton, the minister for university engagement at the church. “(It was a) good environment for us. We love Remy's.”
Pemberton said he had heard about Remy's recent citations for serving alcohol to minors and rumors that the restaurant would be closed for a short time, but that it would eventually reopen.
“They've always served us very well,” Pemberton said. “We're hoping to see them open again soon.”
Contact Sydney Fix at [email protected] and follow her on Twitter at @sydney_fix.
Vacant for nearly two decades, the prominent corner of Clayton and Hanley Roads may finally be redeveloped. Planned is more than 500Ksf of retail, including a grocer, more than 40Ksf of office space, and as many as 291 residential units.
GBT Realty Corporation of Nashville, Tennessee enlisted HDA Architects to complete preliminary design work. A proposal in 2009 envisioned more than 100Ksf of office space and a 200-room hotel. The GBT plan is almost a mirror image of that proposal, which placed an office tower at the busy intersection.
The new proposal filed with the City of Clayton shows a residential tower of at least 12 stories to the far east end of the large parcel. A 488-space parking garage is wrapped by 44 apartments, and toped by the 12-story, 247-unit apartment tower. The property is current zoned commercial to the west and residential to the east.
Plans show a single row of surface parking abuts the street at the corner, where a 7,000sf restaurant space flanked by two 3,000sf retail bays are shown. A 23,000sf grocer occupies the central portion of the development and is connected to the parking garage. A second story above retail would be more than 40,000sf of office space.
The vacant building, once a Schnucks grocery, was rumored to be the new home of The Fresh Market, a North Carolina grocer looking to enter the St. Louis market. A traffic study was completed and the property owner confirmed the grocer had signed a letter of intent to occupy the existing 33,000sf building. It is assumed that The Fresh Market will be the grocer in the mixed-use development.
The previous development proposal for Clayton and Hanley Roads:
__________________________
*Comments from Clayton planning department staff added 11/24/2015. Comments are meant to guide review of the project and do not necessarily describe required changes to a project.
1. Eliminate the row of surface parking between the western building and Clayton and Hanley
Roads, and relocate the building adjacent to the street frontage. The Zoning Regulations
prohibit parking lots along the street frontage and front yard parking is out of character for
the area, especially along Clayton Road. Locating the building frontage at or near the front
property lines create a strong street wall and improves the pedestrian environment.
Where additional setback is necessary, activate the area with a courtyard by incorporating
outdoor dining, seating, water features, or public art.
2. This site is located at a prominent southern gateway to the City, and staff recommends the
design of the southwest corner of the building be enhanced to include a more prominent
architectural and/or gateway feature.
3. A portion of the parking structure is visible from Clayton Road and should be properly
screened by a building or architectural treatment.
4. Unify the design of the residential and commercial buildings through consistent massing,
articulation, and materials.
"The religions of the world are increasingly being misused for ideological struggles and excesses of violence between people of different faiths. Religions are never violent per se, but the market criers of violence are using them to promote their own interests." — Editorial, Neue Westfälische.
"IS, Al-Qaeda, Hamas and Boko Haram—these four groups are the linchpins of the attempt to bomb an unstoppable modernity back into the Middle Ages." — Editorial, Westfalen-Blatt .
"Anyone who thought the civil war in Syria or the barbarity of the Islamic State in Iraq does not affect us, you are wrong." — Editorial, Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung .
"Never before have the sympathizers of Islamic terror appeared so openly in Germany." — Editorial, Westfalen-Blatt .
Supporters of the jihadist group "Islamic State" [IS] have clashed with Kurdish Yazidis in North Rhine-Westphalia, the state with the largest Muslim population in Germany.
The violence—which comes amid threats by a German jihadist to blow up an American nuclear weapons storage facility in Germany—has counter-terrorism officials concerned that radical Muslims are deliberately exploiting the ethnic and religious tensions in the Middle East to stir up trouble on the streets of Europe.
Police say the Muslim-Yazidi clash was triggered after six Islamists stormed a restaurant in the eastern Westphalian town of Herford at around 4 pm on August 7. The Muslims were attempting forcibly to remove a poster inviting people to join a demonstration in support of the Yazidis in Iraq.
Thousands of Yazidis, an ethnic Kurdish non-Muslim minority, were forced to flee their homes in northern Iraq in early August to escape advancing Islamic State fighters, who are forcing the Yazidis to convert to Islam or be killed.
The 30-year-old owner of the restaurant in Herford and two others, all Yazidis, were injured in the brawl, which police say was fought with knives and bottles.
Several hours after the restaurant attack, between 300 and 500 Yazidis gathered in the Herford town center, where they clashed with a large group of hooded Salafists.
More than 100 police reinforcements from across eastern Westphalia were called in to restore order. Police, who used pepper spray to disperse the two groups, confiscated makeshift weapons and one firearm, and questioned 86 people.
In the final tally, police arrested six individuals involved in the attack on the Yazidi restaurant: Five ethnic Chechen Salafists and one German convert to Islam. According to German media, two of the individuals are leading Salafist operatives who were already being monitored by German intelligence.
A German intelligence official was quoted as saying that one of the Chechens is a trained fighter who participated in guerrilla warfare against Russian troops and who is considered to be "highly dangerous."
German authorities have long warned of the threat posed by Salafism, a radically anti-Western ideology that seeks to impose Islamic sharia law in Germany and other parts of Europe.
Membership in Islamic extremist groups in Germany rose to 43,185 in 2013, up from 42,550 in 2012, according to German intelligence estimates. The number of Salafists in Germany rose to 5,500 in 2013, up from 4,500 in 2012, and 3,800 in 2011.
Although Salafists make up only a fraction of the estimated 4.3 million Muslims in Germany, authorities are increasingly concerned that most of those attracted to Salafi ideology are impressionable young Muslims who are susceptible to perpetrating terrorist acts in the name of Islam.
North Rhine-Westphalia is home to the largest concentration (about 1,500) of Salafists in Germany. The region is also home to most of the estimated 60,000 Yazidis who live in Germany.
The area around Herford has long been a magnet for Salafists, and mosques in the town are known to convert young people to Salafism. "Even the operator of a fitness center is suspected of wanting to inspire young Germans, under the guise of sports, for Salafism," an intelligence official was quoted as saying.
More than a dozen men from the Herford area have joined IS in Syria and Iraq, and at least one, a 22-year-old German convert to Islam, is known to have been killed in the fighting.
On August 7, a German jihadist from the Westphalian city of Essen, who is believed to be fighting in Syria, threatened to bomb the American nuclear weapons storage facility situated near the city of Koblenz. The 27-year-old convert to Islam, who is known as Silvio K., also threatened to attack churches, government agencies and transport networks across Germany.
The German known as Silvio K., shown here in a jihadist recruitment video, last week threatened to bomb an American nuclear weapons storage facility located in Germany.
A German Interior Ministry spokesperson said that although "the threat is abstract, it may become real at any time." He said it proves that Germany "is still the focus of jihadist terrorism," especially from jihadists returning from Syria with combat experience and contacts to jihadist groups.
German commentators have reacted to the events in Herford with a sense of foreboding, with some saying that the war in Syria and Iraq has now arrived on Germany's doorstep.
In an editorial entitled, "The Madness Reaches Eastern Westphalia," the newspaper Westfalen-Blatt states:
"The Yazidis deserve our sympathy and support as do any other oppressed people in the world. The call for participation in a demonstration against genocide, which triggered the events in Herford, is perfectly legitimate in a democracy. It is to be hoped that many German flags will be flown at the rally to protest the misuse of religion for political purposes. Hopefully Herford is not the beginning of an escalation that could reach further levels of violence over the next few days…. "And this is frightening: Never before have the sympathizers of Islamic terror appeared so openly in Germany. These are the circles in which European fighters are recruited for jihad. This is also the milieu in which the Salafist ultra-radicals develop when they are back in Europe again. Therefore, police and secret service are required to monitor the scene closely. "And no, we did not know that Chechen Muslims are such vehement supporters of the IS-terrorists in Iraq. The Chechens in the southern Russian Caucasus are themselves victims of repression and human rights violations. "IS, Al-Qaeda, Hamas and Boko Haram—these four groups are the linchpins of the attempt to bomb an unstoppable modernity back into the Middle Ages. The means to this end are Sharia, hatred and glorification of a supposedly "holy" war—what madness!"
The newspaper Neue Westfälische stated:
"When—if as now in Herford—the Kurdish Yazidi religious community and the radicalized Islamist ideology of the Salafists collide, then a city in eastern Westphalia is in danger of going up in flames. "The conflict between the Yazidis and Salafists has arrived at our front door because it is part of a global conflict. The religions of the world are increasingly being misused for ideological struggles and excesses of violence between people of different faiths. Religions are never violent per se, but the agents of violence are using them to promote their own interests. "We should not be surprised by the tumult of Wednesday, as German intelligence has long warned that Herford is a center of Salafism. The Islamists, among them Russian Chechens, who have nothing to lose and are mainly driven by poverty and hopelessness, are in our midst. And the citizens react in disbelief and resignation... a silent horror."
In an editorial entitled, "No Battleground for Radicals," the newspaper Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung writes:
"Herford is not Mosul and North Rhine-Westphalia is not Iraq. Germany must not become an arena for clashes that take place beyond our borders, but that nevertheless are close to home, just because many people from the different ethnic groups involved live permanently among us. "The clashes in eastern Westphalia are a warning that radical tendencies are directed not only against 'infidels,' but also against the entire Western liberal democratic order. There are indications that the attack on a Yazidi restaurant in Herford by supporters of the Islamic State was specifically planned. Perhaps it was to serve as a blueprint for a wave of hate attacks that may soon occur elsewhere. Islamic jihadists are ready for anything. This was already proved by the attack on the Jewish Museum in Brussels, with four victims."
In another editorial entitled, "Looking the Other Way Will No Longer Work," the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung summed it up this way:
"Anyone who thought the civil war in Syria or the barbarity of the Islamic State in Iraq does not affect us, you are now wrong. No matter how far away Qaraqosh [Iraq's largest Christian city] and Sinjar [home to the Yazidis in Iraq] may be: What happens there also affects us here in Germany. Sympathizers of the Islamic State have attacked the Yazidi in Herford, which means that Qaraqosh, Sinjar and Herford are now inseparable. "For far too long, Germany's political leaders, and especially the leaders of German Muslim organizations, have sat by and idly watched the proliferation of the Salafist-jihadist hatred culture, in the purported belief that it poses no danger. It is absolutely outrageous that local politicians have played down the risk of Islamism, while the capabilities of the security authorities are increasingly being overstretched by the need to deal with this threat. "Muslim organizations should hang their heads in shame. Rather than bluntly stating that the barbarians in northern Iraq are 'not Muslims,' they whistle away to say that Islam is 'only peace.' In the future, this kind of obfuscation will no longer suffice, especially if German Muslims, who are subject to the German legal system, wish to avoid being held accountable for the killings in the name of Islam. "The Islamic State under its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi may not last very long; but the propaganda from his jihad certainly will survive him. This is because the seeds of hatred that 'Caliph' Baghdadi has sown are far more toxic than those of Osama Bin Laden. For disaffected youth, the Islamic State exerts great appeal, and not only in Herford."
Soeren Kern is a Senior Fellow at the New York-based Gatestone Institute. He is also Senior Fellow for European Politics at the Madrid-based Grupo de Estudios Estratégicos / Strategic Studies Group. Follow him on Facebook and on Twitter.
It was the middle of the night on Feb. 7, at a Walmart Supercenter in Lakeland, when Kenneth E. Wisham, 64, allegedly decided to steal $380.74 worth of DVDs.
Pushing a shopping cart stacked high with them, Wisham tried to leave the store without employees noticing, but when they did — and then confronted him — the man ran, police said, tugging at his falling pants along the way.
At some point Wisham fell, the initial police report says, and three Walmart employees detained him.
Twelve hours later, Wisham was dead.
Reports from police at the time hinted at a medical mystery that had overtaken the man, who stopped breathing while he was being detained. Wisham never regained consciousness, despite life-saving efforts at Walmart and the hospital, and was pronounced dead later that afternoon.
Two days later, the Polk County Medical Examiner's Office performed an autopsy.
The cause of death, officials determined, was mechanical asphyxia by restraint, meaning his airwaves were suppressed during a struggle.
Wisham also had 15 broken ribs.
Nearly seven months after the man died, Lakeland police issued arrest warrants for three people last week, all employees of Walmart. They face one charge each of manslaughter. The two men and one woman — Nathan Higgins, 35; Randall Tomko, 58; and Crucelis Nunez, 23 — were taken into custody on Friday.
A Walmart spokesman told the Lakeland Ledger that the company is conducting its own investigation, and the employment status of the three individuals involved is under review.
"Our hearts go out to everyone affected by these events," spokesman Charles Crowson told the Ledger. "The status of the associates involved continues to be reviewed. We'll continue working with law enforcement officials, as we have from the beginning, while conducting our own review."
The employees' arrest affidavits reveal details not initially released in early reports, including that witnesses saw one employee punch the man multiple times with a fist and with the help of the other two, forcibly pin him down on the ground.
At one point, Nunez said, Wisham shouted, "I can't breathe!" before falling slack.
The pursuit started when Nunez, a customer service manager, heard the store's security alarm activate and saw another store employee confront Wisham, she told police. When he ran, she chased him through the parking lot and in the direction of a retention pond south of the store.
It appeared Wisham was about to fall, Nunez told police, and when she "nudged" him he toppled. According to her arrest affidavit, Nunez told police she held Wisham down by placing pressure on his mid back while Tomko placed pressure near his head and Higgins secured the man's feet.
Wisham yelled for the three to let him go, Nunez said, and then added that he couldn't breathe.
What was missing from Nunez's account, according to reports, was what witness Rebecca Baggett told police she saw happen that night: a woman jump on the back of a man, knock him to the ground, then punch him multiple times.
The man, later identified as Wisham, was holding his hands over his head, Baggett told police.
And that version differs from Tomko's retelling, when he amended his story during a police interview in the hours after the attempted theft. Tomko, an asset protection officer, said he chased after Wisham alongside his female colleague. Tomko said Nunez caught up to Wisham first, according to the affidavit, and Wisham began to fight with her. At first, Tomko said he when he approached the two and identified himself as security, Wisham started "swinging at him."
"The defendant later changed his account of the incident and stated that when he approached Nunez and the victim, both of them were already on the ground," the affidavit said.
Fearing Wisham had a gun, Tomko told police he grabbed the man's arms to prevent him from reaching his pockets. They pinned him face down, Tomko said, and he laid atop Wisham at an angle for at least 10 minutes until Lakeland police arrived.
Tomko's colleagues and witnesses told police he held the Wisham's upper back and neck while the man was face down. Baggett, the witness, said she saw Tomko put a knee in Wisham's back.
The third Walmart employee charged with manslaughter, Nathan Higgins, was sitting in his truck in the store parking lot, taking a break from his graveyard shift as a support manager to eat his lunch and watch a video, when the attempted theft occurred. On his way back inside Higgins ran into his assistant manager, who asked him to help his colleagues detain Wisham.
He grabbed the back of the man's ankles, Higgins told police, and pressed them toward the ground for about a minute before releasing when Wisham shouted for them to let go. The assistant manager, Erica Emerling, told police Higgins pushed Wisham's ankles toward the man's back at a bent angle.
By all accounts, Wisham struggled for several minutes, then stopped.
Higgins' bail was set far lower than Tomko and Nunez, the Ledger reported, and his lawyer, James "Rusty" Franklin, said in an interview with the newspaper that his client played a minor role in the incident.
"He (Higgins) was commanded by his supervisor to go intervene," Franklin told the newspaper. "All he did was grab the guy's ankles. It's a tragedy, no question about it."
The Antigua Public Library is the national library of Antigua and Barbuda, located in St. John's, Antigua and Barbuda.
History [ edit ]
One of the earliest sources of books on the island was through the work of the Reverend Thomas Bray in the late 17th Century.[1] Various library societies grew to prominence in the mid-19th Century, including the Antigua Library Society and the Presbyterian Church Library. The colonial government transformed the Antigua Library Society into the Antigua Public Library in 1854.
Old building [ edit ]
On 8 October 1974, a destructive earthquake hit the island, causing the old wooden building to be damaged and closed. A sign was affixed to the building noting "This building was damaged in the earthquake of 1974. Repairs are pending", and the library was relocated to a small area upstairs above a dry good store on Market Street, St Johns. That the sign was still in place a decade and more after the earthquake was a major theme of A Small Place, a 1988 book by Jamaica Kincaid, which suggested that the continued use of the inadequate building, too small to house all the books from the old library, demonstrated the indifference of the post-colonial government to matters of culture and learning.
New building [ edit ]
The Antigua and Barbuda High Commission noted in 2002[2] that construction of a new modern 25,000-square-foot (2,300 m2) library was "progressing well". An EC$1 million donation from Allen Stanford was received in December 2004, in order to reduce the time for completion of the library from the 'too long' one year to six months, with a promise from him to match further donations received. The High Commission noted in 2006 that the library would be ready by quarter 1 2007,[3] and in late 2007 that the library 'must be delivered' in the first half of 2008.[4] A $6.45 million contract was signed to complete the library in 2008 by March 2009.[5] The construction was handed over by the Antigua Public Works Department, which had built the incomplete library structure to Gilcon Enterprises,[6] a local firm, which then had its contract withdrawn due to delays in pricing the job, and then passed onto Antigua & Barbuda Contractors Enterprises Limited, a local construction consortium. The new consortium examined the site in September 2008, noting that it had numerous structural defects, delaying scheduled completion from mid-2009 to the end of 2009.[7] Work on the library was again suspended in 2011, but resumed late in January 2013.[8] The building itself was competed and dedicated in September 2014, but it is unclear whether or not the library as such is currently serving the public.[9]
See also [ edit ]
By By Kesavan Unnikrishnan Dec 16, 2016 in Environment A 66-year-old albatross named Wisdom, first tagged in 1956 and believed to be the oldest known tracked bird in the wild, has returned with a mate to a large nesting colony on Midway Atoll to lay an egg. Kristina McOmber, the refuge's biology program volunteer crew leader, spotted the bird incubating an egg at the same nesting site she and her mate use each year on December 3. Her mate, Akeakamai, was seen near their nest site on November 23. Bob Peyton, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Project Leader for the Refuge and Memorial Millions of seabirds depend on the Refuge and Memorial as a safe place to rest and raise their young. But Wisdom is our oldest resident – she has returned home to Midway Atoll for over six decades, raising numerous chicks to successfully fledge. Thanks to the hard work of our biologists and volunteers, we have been able to keep records that have allowed us to keep track of her and her chicks over the years. Midway Atoll in Central Pacific is home and nesting ground to the world's largest albatross colony. Seventy percent of the world's Laysan albatross population, the species to which Wisdom belongs to, is believed to come to the region to lay eggs and nurture the young ones once they hatch. Wisdom has Wildlife biologist Chandler Robbins working for a multi-year study designed to reduce impacts of wildlife and aircraft collisions in MIdway Atoll, first tagged Wisdom when she was a breeding adult in 1956. To accommodate her increasing longevity, scientists have replaced her tag a total of six times till date.Kristina McOmber, the refuge's biology program volunteer crew leader, spotted the bird incubating an egg at the same nesting site she and her mate use each year on December 3. Her mate, Akeakamai, was seen near their nest site on November 23. Bob Peyton, U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Project Leader for the Refuge and Memorial said Midway Atoll in Central Pacific is home and nesting ground to the world's largest albatross colony. Seventy percent of the world's Laysan albatross population, the species to which Wisdom belongs to, is believed to come to the region to lay eggs and nurture the young ones once they hatch.Wisdom has fledged at least nine chicks since 2006, and traveled roughly 4.8 million kilometers in her lifetime. Her most recent chick, Kūkini, was laid in November 2015 and hatched in February 2016. More about Wisdom, Albatross, Egg Wisdom Albatross Egg
The Houston conservative's ability to blend politics and religion makes him a particularly potent force.
Editor's note: With the far right ascendant in Texas politics, once-marginal ideas and people have found a place in the political mainstream. Our recurring Fringe Factor series is an introduction to the often-unknown, but influential activists, thinkers and operatives who play a growing role in shaping the state.
Houston made international news in 2009 when it became the largest U.S. city to elect an openly gay mayor. Six years later, Houston voters made a stunning about-face by repealing a city ordinance shielding LGBT people from discrimination.
Behind that electoral backlash was Dave Welch, a sturdy, serious-looking man. He is the executive director of the U.S. Pastor Council, a group that's adept at mobilizing churches to participate in loud, ugly campaigns against LGBT rights. Welch and the Pastor Council were instrumental in peddling the “No Men in Women's Restrooms” message that has animated Texas social conservatives in recent years.
Drue Wagner
Welch, who calls himself a “pastor of pastors,” formed the Houston Area Pastor Council in 2003 with a dozen other Houston-area clergy. As more church leaders joined the cause, he established the Texas Pastor Council and the U.S. Pastor Council, umbrella groups that have pushed the limits of what churches are allowed to do as tax-exempt organizations. They challenge pastors to distribute election guides, register congregants to vote and discuss political issues with churchgoers. By 2008, Welch was writing screeds against abortion, gay rights and Barack Obama for WorldNetDaily, a conspiracy-laced progenitor of alt-right media. In one column he declares war on the “radical sexual-diversity jihad.”
But it was Welch's years-long grudge match with former Houston Mayor Annise Parker that really raised his political profile. In 2013, a pastor with his group sued to block Parker from extending spousal benefits to same-sex couples who work for the city. That the lawsuit even survived the Supreme Court's marriage equality ruling in 2015 hints at the reach of Welch's message. After first tossing the case, the Texas Supreme Court agreed to rehear it at the urging of Governor Greg Abbott and other leading Texas Republicans. In July 2017, the court issued a brain-wrinkling ruling concluding that same-sex spouses of government employees still aren't guaranteed the benefits of marriage in Texas.
The defeat of the Houston Equal Rights Ordinance was an even bigger success. Welch stood before TV cameras to warn of “biological males, with no alterations, entering a woman's restroom” when Parker pushed HERO, as the ordinance was known, during her final term in office. After City Council passed the law, Welch helped organize a ballot referendum to overturn it. When Parker's administration made to face-plant move of subpoenaing sermons from pastors involved in the effort, Welch called it “as close as anything I've ever seen to Nazi Germany on our soil.” Anti-LGBT activists eventually convinced 61 percent of Houston voters to repeal HERO after a campaign featuring TV ads of men stalking little girls in public bathrooms. Earlier this year, Abbott signed a bill pushed by Welch that shields sermons from government subpoenas.
Fran Watson, a Houston LGBT rights activist, says Welch's ability to blend politics and religion makes him a particularly potent force. He “faith-washes” the anti-LGBT message for congregations but also brawls like a political operative. “He was able to get away with saying a lot of ludicrous, hurtful things in public because he masked it with faith,” she said. In one public forum over the equal rights law, when a trans woman asked Welch what bathroom she should use, he asked her about her genitals. When she said it wasn't his business, he replied, “You're making it my business.”
Illustration by Drue Wagner
The 2017 legislative session was both a sign of Welch's influence and a hint at what may curtail it. Notably, the Pastor Council failed to help pass a bathroom bill amid opposition from a cadre of corporate interests and resistance from fellow believers, including dozens of progressive faith leaders. Welch dismisses his opponents as tools of powerful interests. “This isn't about discrimination,” he told the Observer. “This is about political correctness being shoved down our throats by corporate fat cats pushing a radical agenda.”
Welch says his group will continue to mobilize with other anti-LGBT activists against anything that “normalizes the gay lifestyle.”
As the lingering Houston court case shows, just because the Supreme Court legalized gay marriage doesn't mean people like Welch will stop fighting it. “We have not changed our position that God created marriage, and that long preceded this country and its laws,” Welch said. Marriage equality, he added, “is no more settled than Roe v. Wade.”
I found this recipe online HERE, and decided to do a picture tutorial for it since it tasted so good! This recipe can be made into muffins, cupcakes, or donuts. I happened to have a donut pan that I won in a giveaway, so I figured it was time to use it!
Gather all your ingredients.
Start with the coconut flour.
Add your eggs.
The the baking soda.
The salt and the melted coconut oil.
I didn't use honey because that isn't keto, so I added some Walden Farms syrup, but you could always use a sugar free DaVinci or Torani syrup instead. Also, don't forget the vanilla.
Stir everything up.
Spray your dish of choice.
Add batter.
Bake it for around 20 mins at 350. This recipe made around 8 of these suckers.
Honestly, since these are sweet, I ate one like this and thought they were great, fluffy, and moist.
I kinda just made up a recipe here, and think it could have been better if I would have just stuck with a cream cheese frosting rather than a chocolate cream cheese frosting,but add whatever toppings you want. Here I added butter and cream cheese.
Stir up.
I then added cocoa.
Then I added powdered erythritol to give the icing more stable consistency and sweetness.
All done.
All of them Iced, and as I said they are great plain. I think a different icing would have been better,but this is how I tried them at first. Whipped cream might have been good on these too, or a chocolate glaze/ganache if you took some chocolate squares and added in some cream and sweetener of choice that would be awesome on these!
Here are the health facts for the donuts.
So you can see if you take the carbs and subtract the fiber, you have 1 Net Carb per donut.
Here are the facts for the icing which isn't great to go by because it all depends on what sweetener you use and what amounts you prefer.
So I think our icing was around 3 Net Carbs per Donut,but you can always change it up if you perfer it some other way.
Keto Coconut Baked Donuts! Recipe adapted from here!
Ingredients (makes 6-8 donuts or cupcakes)
1/2 cup of coconut flour
1/4 teaspoon of sea salt
1/4 teaspoon of baking soda
6 eggs
1/2 cup of Walden Farms Syrup (or other liquid sweetener)
1 tablespoon of vanilla
1/2 cup of coconut oil, melted (butter, or regular oil will work as well)
Preheat oven to 350 F. Mix dry ingredients together. Blend wet ingredients into dry ingredients. For baking, you will need some sort of donut mold or muffin tin. Fill the mold 2/3 of the way with batter. Bake for about 20 minutes.
For the icing. I mixed powdered erythritol, cream cheese, cocoa powder, vanilla and a bit of butter until we had the consistency and the taste we liked. Once the donuts are cool, you can add the icing, nuts, and even bacon bits if you are into that!
Enjoy!
Archaeologists excavating in Jerusalem have found burned artifacts dating from 2,600 years ago – which prove that a passage in the Bible is true.
Researchers uncovered charred wood, grape seeds, fish scales, bones and pottery while digging in the City of David in Jerusalem.
The find provides evidence that the Babylonians ‘burned all the houses of Jerusalem', described in the book of Jeremiah.
Researchers from the Israel Antiquities Authority found the artifacts beneath layers of rock in the City of David – along with jars with seals which enabled the researchers to date the artifacts.
‘These seals are characteristic of the end of the First Temple Period,' said Dr Joe Uziel of the Israel Antiquities Authority, ‘Used for the administrative system that developed towards the end of the Judean dynasty.'
MOST POPULAR STORIES ON YAHOO UK:
United Ireland referendum is ‘inevitable' following last year's Brexit vote
Dad of boy who joined mile-high club with teacher says son ‘just wants to move on'
Toppling Kim Jong-un ‘could easily make North Korea worse'
Families forced to live amongst mountains of trash after Birmingham binmen strikes goes into FIFTH week
Leading charity claims paedophiles should be prescribed child-sex dolls
The fire damage can be dated to 2,600 years ago – which ties with events described in the Bible.
The book of Jeremiah says, ‘Now on the seventh day of the fifth month, which was the nineteenth year of King Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, Nebuzaradan the captain of the guard, a servant of the king of Babylon, came to Jerusalem. He burned the house of the Lord, the king's house, and all the houses of Jerusalem; even every great house he burned with fire.'
The Democrat plan to give amnesty to millions of illegal aliens in the U.S. can be thwarted, despite apparent wavering by House Republican leadership, contends a Texas congressman.
In an interview with Michael Savage on his “Savage Nation” nationally syndicated show Friday, Rep. John Culberson, R-Texas, insisted, furthermore, that if President Obama tries to advance amnesty or any other initiative through illegal executive orders, he can be stopped, because the House holds the purse strings and can cut off funding for actions that can't be justified legally.
“The power of the purse is the secret to this guy – the most illegal, unlawful president in American history,” said Culberson, who had just returned from a GOP retreat in Cambridge, Md., where House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, distributed a two-page list of broad principles on immigration.
Seven months after the Senate passed a bipartisan bill with a “path to citizenship,” House Republican leaders Thursday said for the first time they would be open to allowing illegal aliens to live and work legally in the U.S. but would not offer a “special path” to citizenship.
That step in the direction of the Senate plan has many border-security-first advocates, including Savage, worried.
But Culberson emphasized that Boehner told his Republican colleagues in the House that he wouldn't allow a bill go to the floor unless a majority of the Republican-controlled House is in favor.
Boehner, according to Culberson, told Republican House members that the outline they were handed, which was issued to the press, was simply for discussion purposes.
Savage pointed out that along with Boehner, Republican House leaders support giving legal status to illegals, including Majority Leader Eric Cantor, Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy and Paul Ryan.
But Culberson insisted there is hope if citizens contact their representatives and express their opposition to amnesty.
Culberson explained that a majority of the House Republican majority is “very conservative,” committed to the Constitution, free markets and limited government – “get the government out of our lives and leave us the heck alone.”
He told Savage that if “a majority of the majority says, ‘No way, we are not going to support amnesty. Let's enforce the law, first things first,' the speaker will not allow it to come to the floor.”
Culberson said an overwhelming majority of the members who spoke at the House GOP retreat said “we need to enforce the law first.”
The House Republicans who spoke up also pointed out that Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., and Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., suggested the compromise in Boehner's “guidelines.”
“Do you think they are doing this for our benefit?” Culberson asked rhetorically.
The majority of House Republicans oppose the compromise, he emphasized.
“First of all, it's a bad idea to reward people who broke the law,” he said.
It's also unnecessary.
“The country doesn't want it. The Hispanic community doesn't want it. The Hispanic community wants law and order, safe streets and good schools and a good economy and good jobs like everyone else. It isn't complicated,” said Culberson.
The congressman sees the bid for amnesty as a power play by Democrats.
“The Founders created our federal government to protect our freedom,” he said.
Democrats, on the other hand, want to “convert the government into a wealth-redistribution machine to elect Democrats.”
They want “amnesty and citizenship for people who have come here illegally from countries where the education level is lower; they're used to a centralized government that provides them everything.”
“The Democrats want them turned into voters,” he said.
Power of purse strings
Culberson, a member of the House Committee on Appropriations, said he has put language in this year's appropriation bill stipulating that if Obama signs an illegal executive order, it will not be funded unless the president or Attorney General Eric Holder can show explicitly the legal authority for the action.
“If Obama doesn't follow the law, he doesn't get any money. The agency that breaks the law doesn't get paid,” said Culberson, who noted the House appropriations committee controls the annual spending of the federal government.
“If you stand on their air hose and cut off the money, you've got 100 percent of their attention,” he said.
He urged citizens to contact their representative to express opposition to amnesty and encourage them to cut off “money for Obama's illegal orders” and to “zero out his czars.”
Savage said to Culberson: “You've just given a lot of people hope. You've given them a plan of action. They feel powerless. They feel they have no representation anywhere in America anymore.”
Citi Bike has had its issues, and thanks to an audit released Friday by city comptroller Scott Stringer, you now have some hard evidence that you weren't the only one who couldn't get a bike into the docking station. The audit found that the company managing the bike share (New York City Bike Share, LLC) failed to do monthly maintenance checks on all bikes.
Specifically, in November 2013, Citi Bike only inspected 28 percent of the 6,000 total bikes in its fleet. Combined with December and January 2014, the bike-share company surveyed only about one third of all Citi Bikes, though a series of bike-inspector layoffs in October preceded this drop-off.
Other big problems found in the audit, which covers a full 12-month period from Citi Bike's launch in May 2013, included a failure to inspect the stations every two weeks as required, and a slow response time to deal with complaints or other equipment and cleanliness issues. Faulty connectivity to the main system at certain bike stations also caused some snafus, sometimes messing up riders' ability to buy trips or use a credit card at the kiosks. Bike inspectors were also supposed to do “on-street” spot checks, but did a poor job of recording the results of those inspections, says the audit, so no one actually knows if they got done.
Comptroller Stringer had some tough words regarding these management and maintenance lapses, saying in a statement that the bike share left “New Yorkers in the lurch,” though he also acknowledged that we're kind of stuck with them, calling them “part of our urban landscape.” Stringer also blasted the Department of Transportation, which fired back, saying the audit period “predates” improvements they've already made to Citi Bike, reports the Observer.
But despite some of the dismal findings, bike inspections did tick up during the spring to 73 percent in April 2014, so things are ostensibly getting better and your odds of getting on the crappiest of Citi Bikes is hopefully decreasing. Plus, New York City Bike Share's parent company, Alta Bicycle Share, was recently acquired, and the incoming CEO said new management would mean better service and that the company has already begun “the hard work of reinventing Citi Bike.”
By now you should be vaguely, if not keenly, aware of Marvel's Guardians of the Galaxy, the latest blockbuster from the studio that brought us [insert any worthwhile superhero film of the last decade here].
Admittedly, it's an odd concept - one which sees a homicidal raccoon voiced by Bradley Cooper, tree-like creature voiced by Vin Diesel join Chris Pratt's Indy-like space explorer, Dave Batista's Drax The Destroyer and Zoe Saldana's green heroine in saving said galaxy against the nefarious Ronan The Accuser (Lee Pace).
So to better acquaint you with this new comic book turned action big-screen blockbuster, we've got our hands on some exclusive illustrated art by graphic designer Matt Ferguson, who's got his geek on to bring us these fine character posters.
We visited the set during filming late last year, and, take it from us, it's shaping up to be quite the spectacle, with these prints wonderfully capturing the offbeat essence of James Gunn's imminent film.
A bird sits on a bullet-riddled traffic sign in Venice, Louisiana, May 30, 2010. The campaign sticker on the sign refers to Plaquemines Parish President Billy Nungesser, who is fighting to get help for the parish's fishing communities in the face of the massive BP Deepwater Horizon oil spill that is fouling the fragile marshes. UPI/A.J. Sisco. | License Photo
A seabird wades in shallow water off Grand Terre Island, Louisiana, June 9, 2010. The massive BP oil spill is fouling the marshlands and threatening wildlife. UPI/A.J. Sisco | License Photo
WASHINGTON, April 15 (UPI) -- A conservation group urges BP to make lighting changes on its Gulf of Mexico oil platforms. It says the fixes are needed to save thousands of migrating birds.
White lights on oil and gas platforms cause an estimated 200,000 bird deaths per year because migrating songbirds are drawn to the lights then become disoriented and exhausted as they circle the platforms, a release from the American Bird Conservancy said Friday.
Some birds crash into the platform or fall into the ocean from exhaustion and others land on the platform where there is no food or drinking water.
When finally able to leave, they can be in a weakened state and unable to make landfall or are more vulnerable to predation, the ABC said.
"We are talking about simple fixes to existing platform lighting," said Michael Fry, ABC director of conservation advocacy.
"We need to replace both white and red lights with commercially available green lights, shield the lights from above and reduce the duration of nighttime lighting during bird migration periods," he said.
"Safety concerns can be managed within the framework of these changes," Fry said.
Other countries, such as the Netherlands, have instituted bird-friendly lighting on oil and gas platforms off their coasts, the ABC said.
Tyrus Wong (October 25, 1910 – December 30, 2016) was a Chinese-born American artist. He was a painter, animator, calligrapher, muralist, ceramicist, lithographer and kite maker, as well as a set designer and storyboard artist. One of the most-influential and celebrated Asian-American artists of the 20th century,[1] Wong was also a film production illustrator, who worked for Disney and Warner Brothers. He was a muralist for the Works Progress Administration (WPA), as well as a greeting card artist for Hallmark Cards. Most notably, he was the lead production illustrator on Disney's 1942 film Bambi, taking inspiration from Song dynasty art. He also served in the art department of many films, either as a set designer or storyboard artist, such as Rebel Without a Cause (1955), Around the World in 80 Days (1956), Rio Bravo (1959), The Music Man (1962), PT 109 (1963), The Great Race (1965), The Green Berets (1968), and The Wild Bunch (1969), among others.
Wong retired from the film industry in the late 1960s, but continued his work as an artist, spending most of his time designing kites. He also continued to paint, sketch, and design ceramics well into his 90s. He was the subject of the 2015 documentary film, Tyrus, by filmmaker Pamela Tom. Wong died on December 30, 2016, at the age of 106.
Early life [ edit ]
Wong was born Wong Gen Yeo on October 25, 1910, in Taishan, Guangdong, China.[1] In 1920, when he was nine years old, Wong and his father immigrated to the United States, and never again came into contact with his mother and sister.[1] Wong was initially held at the Angel Island Immigration Station, due to the Chinese Exclusion Act. There he was separated from his father while he waited to be questioned about his identity.[2] Because most Chinese immigration was prohibited under the Chinese Exclusion Act, Wong and his father had to immigrate illegally under assumed identities as "paper sons" of Chinese American sponsors.[1] After his release from Angel Island, he and his father initially relocated to Sacramento. His father later moved the family to Los Angeles.[3]
His art was encouraged by his father who had him practice calligraphy every night, since they couldn't afford to give him an art education.[4] While attending Benjamin Franklin Junior High in Pasadena, Wong's teachers noticed his artistic ability and he received a summer scholarship at the Otis Art Institute. Wong decided to leave junior high for a full-time scholarship at Otis.[4] Wong's father survived on a more modest income, and Wong worked as a janitor at Otis College. He walked for miles to attend classes. He graduated from Otis in 1930[5] and began working in Hollywood.[6] While the alumnus page gives Wong's graduation year as 1932, the introduction to a video interview sponsored by the school refers to his attendance in 1935.
Career [ edit ]
[7] The dragon mural in L.A. Chinatown painted by Tyrus Wong and restored by Fu Ding Cheng (1984)
Wong's career ranged from working as a Hallmark greeting card designer, to being a Warner Bros. film production illustrator (1942–1968), including drawing set designs and storyboards for several movies, and an inspirational sketch artist (1938–1941) for Disney.
It was his lush pastels that served as inspiration for Bambi (1942),[8] where he was the lead artist of the project.[9] His background paintings for Bambi were inspired by Song dynasty classical Chinese paintings.[8] Although credited as one of several background illustrators, his full contribution to the film was largely unknown for several decades.[8]
Shortly after finishing Bambi, Wong was fired from Disney studios as a consequence of the Disney animators' strike.[8] After leaving Disney, Wong worked at Warner Brothers Studios for 26 years as a production illustrator.[10][8]
Later, he designed popular greeting cards for Hallmark Cards.[11] After retiring from film work in 1968, Wong turned his skills to making colorful kites (usually animals such as pandas, goldfish, or centipedes). He spent his Saturdays flying his creations on the beach just north of the Santa Monica Pier.[11][12][13]
Some of his well-known paintings include Self Portrait (late 1920s), Fire (1939), Reclining Nude (1940s), East (1984) and West (1984). He told an interviewer that he was a "lucky artist".[14] Wong was featured in Mark Wexler's 2009 documentary How to Live Forever, where he discussed his daily lifestyle and his view on mortality, and in Pamela Tom's 2015 documentary Tyrus.[15]
Awards [ edit ]
In 2001, Wong was given a History makers Award (arts) by the Chinese American Museum and was inducted as a Disney Legend.[1]
In 2005, Wong received the Winsor McCay Award at the 33rd Annual Annie Awards. [16]
In 2015, he was given a Lifetime Achievement Award by the San Diego Asian Film Festival.[17]
Exhibitions [ edit ]
The first solo exhibition of Wong's artwork, "Mid-Century Mandarin: The Clay Canvasses of Tyrus Wong," curated by Bill Stern, was organized by the Museum of California Design. It focused on his paintings on dinnerware for Winfield China of Pasadena, California, in the 1940s and 50s, and was presented at Craft and Folk Art Museum (CAFAM) in Los Angeles, July 14 through October 31, 2004.[18]
The Tyrus Wong: A Retrospective exhibit at the Chinese American Museum in Los Angeles, California showcased his work in October–December 2004. According to the museum:
This exhibit showcased the works of Tyrus Wong, who at the age of 93, is one of the earliest and most influential Chinese American artists in the United States. In his long, pioneering career as a local artist, Wong is a seasoned painter, muralist, ceramicist, lithographer, designer, and kite maker. The exhibit also featured Wong's imaginative kites, which he has been building and flying for the past 30 years. Drawn from public and private collections, several of the pieces chosen for this exhibition have not been shown publicly since the 1930s.[19]
In 2007, Wong was one of three illustrators featured in The Art of the Motion Picture Illustrator: William B. Major, Harold Michelson and Tyrus Wong, an exhibit in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences's Grand Lobby Gallery in Beverly Hills.[20]
Tyrus Wong is one of the founders of the otherwise all Black artists collective Eleven Associated Artists (later Art West Association). The short lived Los Angeles artists co-op included Wong and African American contemporaries Beulah Woodard, Alice Taylor Gafford and William Pajaud.[21][22]
Wong's work was featured in "Now Dig This!: Art and Black Los Angeles 1960–1980" an exhibition at the Hammer Museum, October 2011 – January 2012. The exhibition explored the work of African American art pioneers and the multicultural friendships and collaborations that helped define Los Angeles art and creative communities of the period.[23]
His work was also included in the Round the Clock: Chinese American Artists Working in Los Angeles exhibit at the East Los Angeles College Vincent Price Art Museum, January–May 2012.[24]
From August 2013 through February 2014, Wong's work was exhibited at The Walt Disney Family Museum in San Francisco, California in a career retrospective entitled: Water to Paper, Paint to Sky: The Art Of Tyrus Wong.[25] A hardcover book was published by the Walt Disney Family Foundation Press in conjunction with the exhibit.[26]
In 2015, Wong was featured in an eight-decade career retrospective, Water to Paper, Paint to Sky: The Art of Tyrus Wong, at the Museum of Chinese in America in Manhattan, New York City.[12][27]
Personal life [ edit ]
Wong met Ruth Ng Kim (伍梅珍), a second-generation Chinese American from a farming family in Bakersfield, California,[28] at Dragon's Den Restaurant in Los Angeles Chinatown, CA, where she was a waitress. They married on June 27, 1937, in Bakersfield, CA.
She worked as the secretary to Y.C. Hong, the first Chinese American immigration lawyer, and then became a homemaker after the birth of their children. The couple had three daughters: Kay (born 1938), Tai-Ling (born 1943), and Kim (born 1949) and two grandsons, Kevin Fong and Jason Fong.[29][30] Wong's wife, Ruth Kim Wong, died on January 12, 1995. She was 85. Wong died on December 30, 2016, at the age of 106.[1][9][31] He is interred in the Forest Lawn Memorial Park (Hollywood Hills).
Legacy [ edit ]
In 2015, filmmaker Pamela Tom wrote and directed a film about Tyrus Wong's life, entitled Tyrus. The film was produced by Gwen Wynne, Tamara Khalaf and Pamela Tom. The film ended up winning Audience Awards at the 2016 Boston Asian American Film Festival as well as the 2015 Hawaii International Film Festival and the 2015 San Diego Asian Film Festival. The film had its national broadcast on PBS's American Masters on September 8, 2017.
On Feb 1, 2017, Wong was honored by Congressman Adam Schiff with a remembrance on the floor of the 115th United States Congress with Schiff's remarks read into the Congressional Record. [32]
On his would-be 108th birthday on October 25, 2018, Tyrus Wong's life and legacy were honored by an animated Google Doodle.[33]
Major works [ edit ]
Paintings [ edit ]
Deer on Cliff, 1960s [34]
The Cove, 1960s[35]
Ceramics [ edit ]
Winfield Pottery – Tyrus Wong Iris plate.
Winfield Pottery – Tyrus Wong California Pink HP flower.
Filmography [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
WASHINGTON — Top Senate Republicans may try preserving a tax boost on high earners enacted by President Barack Obama in a bid to woo party moderates and rescue their sputtering push to repeal his health care overhaul.
The break from dogma by a party that has long reviled tax boosts — and most things achieved by Obama — underscores Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's feverish effort to yank one of his and President Donald Trump's foremost priorities from the brink of defeat.
The money from the tax boost would instead be used to bolster proposed health care subsidies for lower-income people.
The change, proposed by Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., would give a more populist flavor to the bill. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office says that as the legislation now is written, it would boost out-of-pocket costs for many poor consumers and produce 22 million uninsured people while cutting around $700 billion in taxes over a decade — largely for richer people and the health care industry.
“You're increasing the burden on lower-income citizens and obviously alleviating the burden on the wealthy. That is not an equation that works,” Corker said. He said he was “very confident” that leaders would address the issue in the updated bill.
[READ MORE: Most Americans disapprove of GOP's treatment of health care]
Top Republicans also considered an amendment pushed by conservatives to let insurers offer plans with low premiums and scant benefits. To do so, a company would also have to sell a policy that abides by the consumer-friendly coverage requirements in Obama's 2010 statute, which the GOP is struggling to repeal.
Both proposals were encountering internal Republican opposition, and it was uncertain either would survive. But the effort underscored how McConnell, R-Ky., needed to mollify both wings of his divided party to rescue his health care legislation, which he wrote secretly but has floundered.
McConnell postponed a vote on an initial version Tuesday because of opposition from conservatives and moderates alike. By this week's end, he wants to nail down changes that would assure the bill's passage after Congress' weeklong July 4 recess. No more than two of the 52 GOP senators can oppose the measure for him to prevail, and there were no indications he'd achieved that margin as senators left town Thursday.
“We're kind of at a stalemate right now, I'd say,” said Sen. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., who with Ohio GOP Sen. Robert Portman and others wants to forestall reductions the measure would make in Medicaid. Discussions about easing those cuts were continuing, but progress so far was “not enough for me,” said Sen. Dean Heller, R-Nev. Trump weighed in on the stalemate Friday morning, tweeting: “If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!” That's an approach advocated by Kentucky Republican Sen. Rand Paul.
The Medicaid program for low-income and disabled people has grown dramatically in their states and others, but the Republican bill would cut it, with reductions growing over time.
The CBO says Medicaid cuts in the Senate Republican health care bill would take a 35 percent bite off the program's projected spending by 2036.
[READ MORE: Why McConnell plans to hide health care bill's pain until after the midterms]
Under Corker's proposal, the bill would retain Obama's 3.8 percent tax increase on investment income for married couples making more than $250,000 a year and individuals making more than $125,000. Keeping that increase would save $172 billion over 10 years, and moderates want to use that money to make coverage more affordable for poorer consumers.
“If it takes something like that to get our members on board to move this process forward, I think we have to consider that,” said No. 3 Senate GOP leader John Thune of South Dakota.
Conservatives said they opposed the idea, along with the chairmen of Congress' two tax-writing committees: Senate Finance chairman Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, and House Ways and Means chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas.
Also in play was a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, to let insurers offer skimpier policies, which conservatives say would lower premiums.
Moderates oppose that, especially if it lets insurers raise premiums on people with pre-existing medical problems. No. 2 GOP leader John Cornyn of Texas suggested the proposal might not survive because Senate rules won't allow it on the bill.
The leader of the conservative House Freedom Caucus suggested the Senate bill would be doomed if it excluded something like Cruz's plan or House-approved provisions letting insurers charge higher prices to people with serious diseases. Many expect the House to try for quick passage of any health care bill the Senate approves, foregoing potential problems of negotiating a bicameral compromise.
“Is failure an option? Absolutely not,” said Rep. Mark Meadows, R-N.C. “Is failure on the doorstep knocking? Absolutely. So we've got to make sure we don't answer that door.”
Republicans also said party leaders agreed to add $45 billion for battling opioids abuse to their bill. They were also considering a proposal by conservatives to let people use tax-advantaged health savings accounts to pay health care premiums.
___
Associated Press writers Erica Werner, Mary Clare Jalonick, Kevin Freking and Stephen Ohlemacher contributed to this report.
Borrow­ing contin­ues after countr­y fails to genera­te non-debt creati­ng inflow­s
ISLAMABAD: Expensive unconventional borrowing continues unabated, as Pakistan obtained another short-term foreign loan of $115 million from Dubai-based Noor Bank, taking the federal government's total external borrowings to $5.3 billion in the last nine months alone.
The fresh loan amount may not appear large, but indicates towards serious problems in attracting non-debt creating inflows and arranging funds from traditional and relatively cheap source of foreign financing. The $115 million lending was 60% of the total new loans that the government obtained in March.
How the debt issue remains circular in Pakistan
The PML-N government has so far obtained $655 million from Noor Bank of the UAE at an annual interest rate ranging from 4.1% to 4.71% after it came into power four years ago.
The government took these loans after it failed to attract sufficient non-debt creating inflows, like enhancing exports and foreign direct investment to meet its external financing requirements. In September last year, the Ministry of Finance admitted in a summary moved to seek tax exemptions on issuance of Islamic bond that “the trade account has been worsening and consequently, pressure is building on the balance of payments”.
Pakistan's official foreign currency reserves – largely built by borrowings – have again started depleting after the end of the International Monetary Fund programme. As of April 14, the foreign currency reserves held by the central bank stood at $16 billion, a depletion of $2.4 billion since the IMF programme ended.
Government's borrowing track
So far, the government has obtained over $3 billion from the Credit Suisse AG, United Bank Limited, Allied Bank Limited, Noor Bank of the UAE, Standard Chartered, Dubai Islamic Bank, China Development Bank and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, according to official documents.
Despite an overall low interest rate environment, the government's interest payments are likely to increase in the coming years besides exposing it to the rollover risks. All these loans are for short periods and now the government is borrowing more to repay the previous debt, according to independent economists.
Pakistan obtained these short-term expensive loans from these banks between November 2013 and March 2017. These loans were obtained at an interest rate ranging up to 4.71% in dollar terms. Most of these loans were obtained on London Interbank Offered Rate (Libor) of three-month floating average plus 4%, which comes to around 4.71%. In one case, the loan was obtained at three-month floating Libor plus 3.25%, which translates into roughly 3.6%.
From July through March of this fiscal year, the government got $5.27 billion foreign economic assistance, according to the official documents. More than half of it was borrowed through unconventional sources like foreign commercial banks and issuance of $1 billion Sukuk bonds in September last year.
Pakistan to repay $6.5b debt over next 15 months
The government has estimated receiving $8 billion in foreign economic assistance during the current fiscal year 2016-17 and borrowings during first nine months were two-thirds of the annual estimates.
The government is expected to borrow another $750 million from China to pay back $750 million to Eurobond investors.
From July through March, Pakistan also got $1.1 billion project loans from China, which was exclusive of money obtained for balance of payments support. The project loans from China during the first nine months were 180% of the annual projection of only $565 million.
There is a clear shift in borrowing sources and pattern as in recent years Pakistan's reliance on China has significantly increased.
Pakistan also borrowed $851.5 million from Asian Development Bank (ADB), which was 81% of the annual budget estimates. The government is also trying to get another $600 million from the ADB before end of this fiscal year.
The loans from the World Bank stood at only $333 million or 22% of the annual estimates of $1.5 billion. The Islamic Development Bank gave $390 million, largely commercial borrowing for crude oil payments.
Published in The Express Tribune, April 28th, 2017.
Like Business on Facebook, follow @TribuneBiz on Twitter to stay informed and join in the conversation.
Read full story
Aspendos or Aspendus was an ancient Greco-Roman city in Antalya province of Turkey. It is located seven kilometers notheast of cenral Serik. Aspendos is the third largest after the city of Perge and Sida in Pamphylia. Presently, Aspednos is famous for its impressive Roman Theater, the best preserved in Asia Minor. The theater was constructed in the 2nd century AD by the architect Zeno during the reign of Roman Emperor Marcus Aurelius in 161-180 AD on the south-east slope of the hill on which the ancient city was developed.
According to legend the city of Aspendos was founded by colonists from Argos returning form the Trojan War. The first confirmed reference is in Hittite writings of 800 Bc. In the 5th and 4th centuries the city was one of the the few in the region to mint silver coins. The city reached its zenith during the Roman Era, and the theater was constructed during the reign of the Emperor Marcus Aurilius in the 2nd century AD bye the Roman architect Zeno. First Image by vsetkooturecku
Image by Flickr user Robert Wright
The theater it is clear that it was conceived and executed by a skilled architect who knew exactly how to work with general proportions. The overall width of the theater is 96 meters, the with of the stage is half the width of the building that is 48 meters and the diameter of the orchestra is half the width of the stage that is 24 meters. the height of the scaenae frons including the triangular pediments is two-third of the diameter of the orchestra that is 16 meters. The theater could accommodate around 10-12 thousand spectators and was maintained by the Byzatines and Seljuks. After Ataturk visited Aspendos he commanded the restoration of the theater. Aspendos theater is still in use today. Each year during June and July the Aspendos Opera and Ballet Festival is held. Also at Aspendos and near to the theater are an acropolis with a nymphaeum and basilica.
Image by Flickr user Brian Whitnall
Image by Flickr user lesmurray2
Image by Flickr user Ahmet Baristiran
Image by Flickr user Daryl Manning
Image by Flickr user Richard Tanton
Image by Flickr user Lucy Oliver
SSE will "narrow significantly" its focus on offshore wind and the future of hydro projects is under review.
Renewable energy schemes worth millions are to be abandoned after energy giant SSE announced huge cutbacks.
SSE have scrapped plans for a major offshore wind farm at Islay just days after it was announced and will reduce their stake in the Beatrice wind farm in the Moray Firth.
Meanwhile, SSE's marine energy projects in Orkney remain under review and the Perth-based firm said it will “narrow significantly” its focus on offshore wind.
But Highlands and Islands Enterprise's Callum Davies believes renewables will return to the region in the future.
He said: “What we're seeing across the wave and tidal sector is a restructuring, but we're excited to see new players in the market and I'm pretty sure the utilities will come back as the market matures.”
SSE also announced that it will freeze domestic gas and electricity prices until 2016.
The move is intended to shield SSE's customers from rising energy costs, but 500 jobs at the company are expected to be cut as a result of the price freeze.
SSE's managing director of generation development, Jim Smith, said: “In offshore wind farm development, there are two major, related hurdles that projects currently have to overcome.
“The first is the Levy Control Framework, which controls costs to customers from government energy policies – but which also means there is limited support for offshore wind.
“The second is cost – the future of offshore wind farm development depends on a sustainable and lower cost supply chain.
“Having looked across our offshore portfolio we believe that we should focus our near term development activity on Beatrice.
“Taking it forward to subsequent stages of development and construction will be challenging, but achievable, and that is what we are working towards.
“While increasing our commitment to the development of Galloper, SeaGreen and Forewind is not the right option for SSE at present, we will continue to work with partners and other stakeholders to achieve the most positive possible outcome for each project.”
SSE will decide by the end of 2014 whether to commit further capitol in the Beatrice offshore windfarm, ahead of a final investment decision in “early 2016”.
It will only continue to invest post-2014 if it is able to reduce its 75% stake in the project to 50% and make progress towards cutting costruction and operating costs.
SSE also plans cease development of its Galloper wind farm off the Suffolk coast.
The energy giant does not believe that the costs of constructing and operating the farm will outweigh any return on their investment.
SSE said it will work with project partner RWE Innology and its stakeholders to secure the “maximum possible value” for its interest in the offshore project.
SSE will continue to seek consent for the SeaGreen and Forewind wind farms planned at the Firth of Forth and Dogger Bank in the North Sea, but will not develop them beyond that until it has "achieved sufficient confidence in the viability of the wider offshore wind sector.”
Lindsay Leask, senior policy manager at Scottish Renewables, said the move “reinforces” uncertainty about the future of the UK offshore wind sector.
She said: “Strong support from both the Scottish and UK Governments is absolutely critical to the future of the industry.
“In turn, the sector needs to continue to work hard to deliver cost reductions which will further prove that offshore wind is an economic alternative to other forms of generation.
“However, we should not forget that we continue to have plans for five major offshore wind farms off Scotland's east coast, which could provide a significant economic boost to Scotland and businesses across the country, as well as making a massive contribution to cutting carbon emissions.”
Energy minister Fergus Ewing laid the blame for the cutbacks at the feet of the UK Government.
He said: “It is absolutely clear that the scaling back as some of the projects is as a direct result of the UK governments dithering delay and lack of ambition on renewables.”
Meanwhile, SSE said Scottish Hydro Electric Transmission has long-term plans and planning consents in place for a new transmission link between Caithness and Moray, including a subsea electricity cable in the Moray Firth.
A spokesman for SSE added: “We are continuing to keep marine and tidal under review.”
Since Disney Infinity NEXT on Tuesday, we've all been eagerly awaiting the posting of the five new figures for preorders. At Amazon, Best Buy, Target, and Toys R Us, the wait is over! Below is a collection of the new listings.
The best deal looks to be from Amazon and Best Buy, where you can get 20% off with Amazon Prime or Gamers Club Unlocked, respectively. That brings the price down to about $11.19 per figure, just edging out Toys R Us's $11.24 per figure with their BOGO 50% off this week. Thanks to P90SG22 on Reddit for reminding me about that 20% off preorder pricing!
Do you see a better deal? Leave a comment and let us know! Don't forget, in our current giveaway we're also offering the chance for you to win all four new Marvel characters. If you're not sure if you want to buy yet, drop your name in the hat, and you might not have to!
Update: Oops, I forgot Boba Fett! I just added him in.
Amazon
Best Buy
While Best Buy is offering $5 off the purchase of two figures this week, the new preorder figures are not listed in the 53 figures available for this deal online. It also unfortunately doesn't seem to be listed for their free 3.0 figure with the purchase of a 3.0 play set deal. You can still try your luck in-store, though!
Target
Toys R Us
﻿
Want the latest Disney Infinity News?
Check us out on Twitter, Youtube, Facebook, Pinterest, and Instagram!
Subscribe! Like! Love! Favorite! Retweet!
Have You Entered Our Weekly Giveaways Yet? Click Here!
Check Out The Best Disney Infinity Deals This Week! Click Here!
If Southeast Michigan's claim to fame is that it's the auto capital of America, its claim to notoriety—in certain circles, anyway—is that it's the Arab and Islamic capital too. Around 300,000 Muslims live in the area. Muslims make up less than 2 percent of the nation's population but more than 40 percent of two cities in the Metro Detroit region, Hamtramck and Dearborn.
The former, a 2-square-mile town of less than 30,000 people, triggered a national freak-out last November when it elected a 4–2 Muslim majority to its City Council. The punditocracy's lead Muslim-baiter, Pamela Geller, instantly predicted Shariah, terrorism, and persecution of Jews in Hamtramck's future. A Texas Republican councilman, Micky Garus, earnestly declared that the "end of Western civilization" was nigh.
There was a similar outcry in 2013, when Dearborn elected four Arab Americans, two of them Muslim, to its City Council. The Family Research Council's Jerry Boykin quickly claimed that radical Muslims had made Dearborn off-limits to Detroit police. Dearborn was, in fact, already outside the jurisdiction of Detroit police—not because of Muslim machinations but because Dearborn is not part of Detroit. The accusation prefigured former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal's imaginary no-go zones in Europe, especially France, where central authorities have allegedly lost political control to local Muslims who allegedly shoo away all nonmembers of the faith.
It isn't just fringy sorts like Geller and Boykin who worry about Islamic assimilation. Mainstream center-right scholars such as National Review Institute's Andrew C. McCarthy and, to a lesser extent, center-left ones such as the Brookings Institution's Peter Skerry have similar concerns, albeit typically expressed in more temperate language.
The standard rap against Muslims is that they are fundamentally incapable of embracing liberal democratic values because Shariah—Islamic religious law—rejects the separation of religion and state and imposes regressive sexual norms, especially on women. Therefore, the argument goes, towns like Hamtramck and Dearborn will always be in tension with American values, incubating terrorists in the middle of the United States. In this view, Dearborn will become another Molenbeek, the Belgian city where many jihadi attacks have been hatched, including the recent ones in Brussels and Paris.
But if you set aside the lens of Molenbeek and look at life as it is actually lived in Hamtramck and Dearborn, an entirely different picture emerges. Molenbeek is the second-poorest borough in Brussels. It has been caught in a downward spiral of poor education, high crime, and nonexistent social mobility. In 2014, 27 percent of Molenbeek's working-age population, close to 50 percent of which is Muslim, was unemployed. The opposite cycle is unfolding in Hamtramck and Dearborn even though, remarkably enough, they are ensconced right next to Detroit, the closest thing to Molenbeek's depressive economy in America.
I have lived in Metro Detroit for 27 years, about 20 miles from both of these towns. Since December 2015, I have visited them dozens of times and talked to scores of people—politicians, reporters, shopkeepers, academics, imams. Both are vibrant, diverse, and hopeful communities with populations that, like Muslims across the country, seem fairly happy with life in the United States. (A 2011 Pew poll found that 56 percent of Muslim Americans were satisfied with the way things were going in the country, compared to 23 percent of the general public.) The Muslims of Dearborn and Hamtramck are indeed increasing their participation in political life, but that isn't a plot to turn the towns into little Shariahvilles—it's an effort to assimilate into American life.
Michigan's Muslim communities certainly have their troubles, but they aren't the insidious, subversive forces that Islamophobes imagine. They face the challenges of a community gradually adjusting to American life, generally successfully but with inevitable bumps in the road. Yes, Muslim attitudes on gay rights and censorship of religious speech are out of step with America's prevailing ethos of freedom. But they are no more heterodox than many minority populations before them, and those differences are hardly something a strong liberal polity can't handle.
A Tale of Two Cities
According to Sally Howell, a professor of Arab-American studies at the University of Michigan and the author of several books on Detroit's Arabs, Muslims in Hamtramck and Dearborn are assimilating very nicely. The median income of Detroit's Arab households, about half of whom are Muslim, is $31,700—on par with the region's median income of $32,824. Howell's 2003 Detroit Arab Americans Survey found that 25 percent of the area's Arabs report annual family incomes of $100,000 or more, compared to 16 percent of the general population. Among American-born Arabs (including Iraqi Christian Chaldeans), 94 percent have high school diplomas, 7 percent more than the general public. Identical percentages of both groups have college degrees, and over 31 percent of Arab Americans are self-employed, twice the figure for the general population.
And only 30 percent of Detroit's Arab Muslims go to mosque every month, compared to 66 percent of Arab Christians who attend church that often. Just 18 percent of the area's Muslims were active in their mosques, far less than the 47 percent of Arab Christians who were active in their churches. This is not what an incubator of zealotry looks like.
None of this means that terrorists could never sprout in the Metro Detroit Muslim community, any more than school shooters can't emerge from lily-white neighborhoods. But viewing them as uniquely problematic is unfair both to them and to America's assimilative capacity.
There are important differences between the two towns. Hamtramck's 15,000-strong Muslim population dates back only about two decades, and it consists of everyone from blue-eyed, light-skinned Bosnians to swarthy Bangladeshis. By contrast, Dearborn's community has 100-year-old roots and hails predominantly from the Middle East. Its Muslim population is almost three times bigger than Hamtramck's—more if you count Dearborn Heights, its companion city.
Because the Hamtramck community is newer, it has an air of innocence, as if it hasn't fully comprehended how much post-9/11 hostility there is toward Muslims in America. Its politics are primarily driven by economic security and ties to the old world. Dearborn's community is more settled, savvy, and middle-class, and it is acutely aware of the harsh national Klieg lights pointed at it. Its political participation is a complicated coping dance motivated not just by its economic interests but also the need to cooperate with anti-terrorism efforts without ceding civil or religious rights.
These two towns, 10 miles apart, give us snapshots of two points in the arc of Muslim assimilation in America.
Hamtramck
Thanks to Hamtramck's ridiculously low cost of living, it has long been a landing pad for new immigrants: Germans at the end of the 19th century, Poles three decades later, then other waves of Eastern Europeans and, since 1995, Muslims. No one visiting Hamtramck now can miss the strong Islamic imprint, given how dramatically the Muslim presence has altered the city's public spaces.
In the 1990s, Hamtramck embraced the New Urbanist approach to city planning, with mixed-use zoning and pedestrian-friendly design. By encouraging residents to walk more, planners pulled the new arrivals' customs outdoors, unintentionally making the Muslim presence more visible. It's almost impossible to cruise down Joseph Campau Road and Caniff Street, the city's two main drags, without seeing women pushing carts to grocery stores draped either in hijabs—headscarves—or in burqas, the head-to-toe black shroud that parts only at the eyes. Men with keffiyehs linger outside the kebab joints that flourish where Polish restaurants once stood. Muslim moms, children in tow, can be seen walking to the blingy Bangladeshi dress stores that have been elbowing out staid Polish boutiques.
There are about 35 bars in Hamtramck. That may sound like a lot, but there were 200 before Muslims started displacing Poles. Some of the former bars have been converted into mosques such as the Masjid Al-Iman Al-Ghazalli on Joseph Campau Street.They look like the poor cousins of Hamtramck's grand churches, especially the tall and majestic St. Florian that looms over the town. But what the mosques lack in grandness, they make up for in loudness when they blare the muezzin's summons ("Allah Hu Akbar") five times a day.
When the public call to prayer first came to Hamtramck in 2004, it became a flashpoint in the nation's culture wars—even bigger than the election that made the City Council majority-Muslim. Coverage of the vocal protests made it look like Hamtramck had become a cauldron of ethnic conflict. Fox & Friends' Pete Hegseth performed a typical hit job, finding an obligatory Polish American to say on camera that Muslims aren't "ready for Western culture yet."
Story highlights Madeleine Albright questions Trump's preparedness for upcoming trip to Asia
Ex-secretary of state says many positions remained unfilled in State Department
(CNN) Former US Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Thursday that she has yet to see a national security strategy emerge more than nine months into Donald Trump's presidency.
"We do not know what the overall plan of the Trump administration is," Albright said in an interview on CNN's "New Day."
"There is a general disregard of explaining," she said, "not kind of tweeting and having political arguments, but truly trying to explain what the situation is."
Albright's remarks came as questions swirl over the recent deaths of four US soldiers in an ambush in Niger and as Trump gets ready to embark on a trip to Asia.
The former US chief diplomat expressed concern over the President's preparedness for the upcoming trip, which will include visits to China, Japan and South Korea. She noted that many positions remain unfilled in the State Department.
Read More
Government says Boris Johnson's expected settlement of Chieftain tanks row is not related to talks over release of Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe
The UK hopes to finally end a near four-decade legal dispute with the Iranian government over hundreds of Chieftain tanks Tehran bought from the UK in 1976, but never received.
The British government admits it owes Iran up to £300m, but the countries have wrangled over the precise sum and whether any payment could be made while Tehran was still under EU economic sanctions for its nuclear programme.
Downing Street insists there is no link between the dispute and efforts by the foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, to release the Iranian dual national Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe during an expected visit to the country soon.
The chances of a settlement in the Chieftain tank dispute are high since both sides have given ground over the sum involved and because economic sanctions were lifted as part of the 2015 nuclear deal.
Ben Wallace, the current Home Office security minister, said in 2014 before he took the role that the UK government's handling of the case was “un-British, double-dealing and obfuscatory”.
The Foreign Office said settling the Chieftains dispute was always one of the aims of Johnson's visit, and could not be described as the price for gaining the release of Zaghari-Ratcliffe.
Bahram Ghasemi, Iran's foreign ministry spokesman, reinforced this view. He told the semi-official Isna news agency: “Repaying the UK debt to Iran is not related to the case of Mrs Nazanin Zaghari; these are two separate issues.”
Iran has indicated that it will begin formal negotiations with the UK over a range of outstanding issues, including Zaghari-Ratcliffe. Local media in Iran reported that the country's foreign ministry had been given the green light to negotiate with the UK government over four different sets of agreements. They did not give further information about the details of such outstanding issues, but the news agencies made clear that judicial matters including the extradition of a number of people convicted to prison terms would be on the table.
The news indicates that Iran is willing to negotiate with the UK to overcome a series of stumbling blocks preventing an improvement in bilateral relations. This is also the strongest sign from Tehran that it is willing to include Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case as part of the talks.
“According to an edict by a senior executive official, it has been decided that the justice ministry will cooperate with the ministry of foreign affairs to conduct negotiations, oversee and sign four temporary agreements between the government of the Islamic Republic and the government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain over judicial matters, including extradition of convicts, in the next three years,” read the communique reported by the local media.
Iran's judiciary, which acts independently of the country's government, has put limits on what the moderate administration of Hassan Rouhani can do over Zaghari-Ratcliffe's case. Rouhani's brother was arrested by the same judiciary earlier this year.
It emerged last week that the British Foreign Office was studying a package of measures to ease relations with Iran before a visit to Tehran later this year by Johnson, which has been billed as the foreign secretary's chance to win the release of Zaghari-Ratcliffe, who is serving a five-year jail sentence for spying.
The key areas for discussion are likely to be the Iranian claim for billions in compensation for Iranian firms that had assets frozen during the era of sanctions; and a full easing of banking restriction for Iranian companies and individuals operating in the UK. The Guardian understands that there are at least two court cases for which Iran is owed billions of pounds from Britain.
An unspecified number of dual nationals from Britain are held in Iranian jails, including Iranian-British businessman Kamal Foroughi. It is not clear if any Iranian nationals are currently held in UK prisons for crimes such as violating economic sanctions.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe is currently held at Tehran's notorious Evin prison, serving a sentence on charges of spying and trying to topple the Iranian establishment. Her case drew attention after the UK foreign secretary gave an erroneous statement earlier this month suggesting she was training journalists in Iran despite her family insisting at all times that she was on holiday.
Johnson met Zaghari-Ratcliffe's husband on Wednesday in a meeting that Richard Ratcliffe described as positive and constructive. The UK is considering whether to grant her diplomatic protection, which would escalate her case from a consular issue to a state matter. Iran indicated that it would not countenance such a proposal because it did not recognise dual nationality and is thus treating Zaghari-Ratcliffe solely as an Iranian.
Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 38, has been in jail in Iran since April 2016. The Revolutionary Guards, the elite forces that arrested her at the airport, have accused her of attempting to orchestrate a “soft overthrow” of the Islamic Republic. She and her young daughter, Gabriella, were about to return to the UK from Iran after a family visit.
Since then, she has spent most of her time in Evin prison in Tehran while Gabriella, three, has been in the care of her mother's Iranian family, who are only able to visit her during regular prison visits.
The legal dispute over the Chieftain tanks stems from a £600m contract paid in 1976 by Tehran to International Military Services (IMS), then a subsidiary of the Ministry of Defence, in return for 1,750 tanks. IMS exists now only as a shell company, which has with £500m set aside for a payment to Iranian government.
Iran has been pursuing reimbursement since 1979 when the fall of the shah led to the UK banning arms exports to Iran. At the time just 185 of the 1,750 purchased tanks, all paid upfront, had been delivered. The remainder were sold to Saddam Hussein, many to be used against Iran by Iraq in a brutal war.
The Chieftain tank deal was the largest of more than 60 contracts that were cancelled by the UK.
During arbitration in 2001, the Paris-based International Chamber of Commerce sided with Tehran, leading to an expectation that IMS would hand over up to £390m.
The UK government agreed to pay an agreed sum into court in 2002, but a further UK legal challenge, and appeal over the contract's market value, led in 2009 to the Dutch supreme court slightly reducing the size of the sum. The point of dispute between the two sides is said to be in the tens of millions of pounds and substantially less than the cost of the continued UK litigation.
The UK subsequently argued it could not make the payment since the Iranian defence ministry was subject to EU sanctions.
In 2013, efforts by Iranian officials to demand payment through a UK court enforcement order led to their visas being cancelled on arrival at Heathrow before they were deported.
The latest IMS accounts filed in August this year state that Iran was been intending to seek a further court enforcement order, with a hearing set for October 2017, but the annual report stated that the directors were seeking a negotiated settlement.
0 Mayor postpones Seahawks rally after speculation of national anthem protest
DuPont Mayor Mike Courts says don't blame him for canceling a city-sponsored Seahawks rally. Blame players for what he calls “organized disrespect for our nation's symbol.”
“I did not bring politics to the football field,” Courts said Friday.
Courts said he called off the third annual rally over players' claims they plan to protest during the national anthem.
Since Colin Kaepernick refused to stand during the anthem several weeks ago, calling it a protest of police violence against African Americans, other players have followed suit.
Seahawks defensive back Jeremy Lane sat through the national anthem last week and said he'll do it again.
Wide receiver Doug Baldwin said he was considering doing the same, but reports Friday claim he says he will honor country and flag at Sunday's first regular season game, which is on the 15th anniversary of the terror attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
When Courts decided to call off a city-sponsored Seahawks rally, he didn't expect backlash. But he's heard some angry outcries, along with support.
“It's about 50/50,” he said at a news conference. "I am either the spawn of Satan or their hero.”
"I do not support the organized disrespect of the symbol of our country". Talking about NFL nat'l anthem protest pic.twitter.com/RCdXbr9UjJ — Kevin McCarty (@KevinKIRO7) September 9, 2016
Courts, a retired Army colonel, says he stands by his decision even though he calls himself an original Seahawks fan.
“I was at the Pentagon on 9/11, so that's very dear to me. This was a very hard decision for me to make. But I had to weigh my love of the Seahawks versus what I think was the right thing to do for my city.”
Courts said another rally could be scheduled later in the season.
This is the text of Courts' full letter:
Residents and Businesses of DuPont,
Community's foundation on many levels is unity. DuPont is a strong, united community and part of a number of larger communities including the United States of America. Right now, we are struggling as a community to balance social justice with criminal justice while trying to find lasting solutions to those issues without vitriol or violence. While unpleasant, the discord we endure today means our community has passion. Resolution without passion rarely leads to long lasting healing. Currently, some members of our community, our athletes, and specifically NFL players including at least one member of our beloved Seahawks, are passionately trying to raise awareness to the state of social justice. Freedom of speech is a tenet of our community, and not honoring our flag is our right. But free speech is not without cost: words and actions mean things and are often times interpreted in a way not intended. While I respect the right of NFL players to express themselves, they must also respect the fact that their actions are hurtful to the community. As I said before, we need to find answers without violence or vitriol. So, until we as a community can find ways to talk and work together, the City of DuPont will not take sides by offering official support of the Seahawks, NFL, or individual players.
With this in mind, as your Mayor, in consultation with the City Staff, I have decided to indefinitely postpone the Third Annual Seahawks Rally scheduled for Saturday, 10 September. I believe the controversy surrounding the potential protest at the Seahawk game makes it inappropriate to commit City resources to an activity that may be misunderstood or prove offensive to a large number of our residents. This does not mean that I or the City do not support the causes being championed, we simply do not support the protest actions being contemplated.
The other activities scheduled for Saturday remain as planned. We will have a grand opening of the Dog Park in Powder Works Park with vendors a BBQ and follow-up with a public presentation and discussion about the ongoing effort to secure Advanced Life Support capabilities for DuPont.
Mike Courts
Mayor, DuPont
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
“Small minds do not understand the importance of unorthodox thinking to science”
Beheading, war crimes, prison, death threats. Perhaps you think I'm talking about IS. No, it's just the routine hyperbolic language of media climate activism, and the minds of our cultural overlords. Next December policymakers will try again to save the world from what they don't understand by proposing policy on something else, which won't work anyway.
In anticipation, climate effusions grow. The great cultural climate PR machine slowly stretches It's enormously well funded muscles, warming up for another hysterical run at utopia. Its weird unphysical world has certified carbon-free sugar, oxygen-free carbon dioxide (i.e. carbon) and the alleged carbon in glass causing interiors of cars to be warm on sunny days. Unfortunately the dense nonsense of the previous sentence won't send the appropriate clown-time signals that it should.
Every debate has boundaries; beyond them lies other subjects. Climate debates are unique: Their boundaries exclude their own subject. Few of the elites, journalists, or academics come close to actually discussing climate. Nearly all of them try to address physics, chemistry, computer science, and mathematics by talking anthropology instead. Try discussing anything useful with such rules.
Not everyone is an expert, but surely 25 years is time enough for any intelligent layman to advance beyond stupid clichés about greenhouses and temperature. Greenhouses don't work by the greenhouse effect. The difference involves differential equations, and the deepest unsolved problems of modern science. Greenhouses are certain; the atmosphere and oceans aren't. The mathematics is different; the physics is different.
The mathematics of the non-greenhouse goes to the Clay Millennium Problems, which are among the most fundamental unsolved problems in mathematics. Not just one, but two of seven pertain. Solving the Navier Stokes equations, which govern the movements of air and water, and the other (P-NP) is about using computers for such complex things.
That's $2-million in prize money, and maybe a Fields medal or two, if you get them both. But it doesn't stop there! There's the closure problem of turbulence in fluids: Not only can't we determine the flow in a pipe from first principles, we can't even get the lowest order statistic, after 150 years of trying. There is no Clay prize, but instant fame awaits you. Good luck.
What about computers? Computers don't have enough numbers (i.e. finite representation). The mathematics is too big to fit. Consequently computer arithmetic is different: garbage out even without garbage in. You must crack differential equations like eggs to put them onto computers. The shattered remains are an approximation, but with different physics.
They don't usually conserve things like energy! Such differences tell when integrated over long times (i.e. climate). If you invent a computer scheme that conserves all the correct things, the computer's solution amounts to an exact solution of the original equation. If you figure out how to do that for the infinite number of conserved quantities expected for Navier Stokes, you win $1-million!
Finite representation means that the smashed equations must be hung on a grid. Think of pixels on a computer screen. Between grid points there is nothing. Grid spacings must be smaller than anything you hope to see. Everything else is lost. Proper computation calls for spacings to be smaller than all of the wiggles in the equation's solution. But the enormous scales and complexity in climate mean that the wiggles are much smaller than grid spacings.
Not even thunderstorms show up with model resolutions of hundreds of kilometers! If you put together a grid that could capture all turbulence, you'd need a spacing of about 1 mm—air's Kolmogorov cutoff. On modern computers, a proper computation of a 10-year forecast for the atmosphere and oceans, the calculation would take in excess of the age of the Universe, squared. The climate problem is just way too big, and computers are way too slow to do proper computation. Empiricism (i.e. fakery) is the only way forward. There is no human fault here. That's the best humans can do. It's no secret. Model controversy is largely among people ignorant of what model pioneers openly stated.
Models can be empirically adjusted to approximate observations. However you cannot adjust for conditions we haven't encountered yet, but that is precisely what climate change is: conditions that we haven't encountered yet. So, for climate change, empiricism fails. Only extrapolation remains, making models more caricature than approximation. But there is an even bigger issue. Smashed nonlinear equations, drooping from grid points, fed faux physics, integrated for extreme long times, are notoriously computationally unstable.
There has been a long struggle to get these algorithms to settle down and stop wandering off into fantasyland. Modern versions are so stable that nothing happens unless pushed from the outside. Models have no natural variability over long times. Is this a bug or a feature? Some modelers believe the latter. Thus they contend that climate is a boundary value problem, as startup conditions no longer matter. If true, an observer living on climate timescales would experience nothing analogous to weather? Every moment would be like the last.
But what if there is “climate weather?” Current conventions would fail, because they presume all climate change is pushed from the outside. But if not, reacting dynamically to pushing makes things very different. Can we tell the difference between internal and external change? No. Climate sensitivity and attribution become problematic. There's no way to settle this empirically. We don't live long enough. Theoretically, things are worse. Many scientists believe that fresh thinking is needed.
Fresh thinking is inherently unorthodox. Small minds, unenlightened politicians, and activists do not understand the importance of unorthodox thinking to science, and ultimately to everyone. Research must transcend the zeitgeist. Therefore it's forever in trouble. Scientists are political targets on climate.
Those that speak out must endure vexatious, eristic tactics rather than scientific reasoning in matters from publication, to funding, to jobs. For example, my friend Dr. Willie Soon is under assault from activist groups. An army of human bots has been released to get him fired from Harvard's Center for Astrophysics. He's shared scientist's skepticism publicly. Betraying acute ignorance, media pound him with silly hit pieces. Some perpetrators believe they fight for science, but they could not be more antiscientific, if not fascistic.
If there's any chance at a rational policy on climate, two things must happen. First, intelligent laymen must take back the debate, by pushing currently out-of-bounds science back onto center stage. They must stop letting “experts” do their thinking for them. Second, political attacks on scientists must be stopped. Those must be pushed out of bounds. Let's begin by saving Willie!
Christopher Essex, Chairman, Permanent Monitoring Panel on Climate, World Federation of Scientists and Professor of Applied Mathematics, University of Western Ontario.
Carlos the Jackal, the Marxist guerrilla who became a symbol of Cold War anti-imperialism, has told a newspaper that he moved freely through Switzerland in the 1970s under a "non-aggression pact" between the government and the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
He felt so safe that he flew to Zurich rather than Vienna airport on his way to neighboring Austria for his most spectacular coup: the kidnapping of oil ministers at OPEC headquarters in 1975, he told the Neue Zuercher Zeitung (NZZ) in a telephone interview from his prison in France.
'Carlos the Jackal' in 1975 (Photo: Getty Images)
His comments, published on Monday, seem sure to inflame a debate about whether Swiss authorities secretly agreed to turn a blind eye to PLO activity in the 1970s and give it diplomatic support in exchange for an end to attacks on Swiss targets.
The NZZ said it had made contact with the 66-year-old Venezuelan, whose real name is Ilich Ramirez Sanchez, through his lawyer. Ramirez is serving life sentences in France for a series of attacks.
He told the paper it had been common knowledge among PLO militants that they would not be arrested in Switzerland, on condition was that they refrained from making trouble. "Of course we stuck to that," he said.
He recalled seeing a wanted poster with his picture on it in the guard's booth as he stood in line for passport checks after flying into Zurich from Beirut on his way to Vienna, only to be waved through with his fake South American passport.
'Carlos' in court in 2000 (Photo: AP)
Ramirez sealed his notoriety by taking OPEC's oil ministers hostage in the name of the Palestinian struggle, in an attack in which three people were killed, and went on to be an international gun-for-hire with Soviet bloc protectors.
But the revolutionary mystique he once enjoyed - helped by a Che Guevara beret, leather jacket and dark glasses - wore thin after he was captured in Khartoum in 1994 by French special forces.
Switzerland last month began looking into whether a former government minister, now dead, had struck a covert deal with the PLO.
The allegation emerged this year in a book by Swiss journalist Marcel Gyr, who conducted the NZZ interview. The book, "Swiss Terror Years", has also raised questions about whether such a pact interfered with an investigation into the bombing of a Swissair plane in 1970 that killed 47 people, for which no one was ever charged.
According to the book, representatitves from the Swiss government secretly met with the heads of the PLO in order to mitigate the terror attacks happening on Swiss soil and against Swiss interests.
Carlos also revealed that on the Swiss side of the negotiating table was a banker named François Zeno, who, according to NZZ, was a Nazi enthusiast, a huge admirer of Adolf Hitler, anti-Zionist and avowed anti-Semite who wasn't afraid to hide his opinions.
Zeno - according to the Swiss newspaper - while being followed by the Swiss authorities, was also well connected to people in the Swiss intelligence services due to his good relations with Palestinian terror organizations. The relations between Carlos and the PLO only became apparent after the attack on OPEC.
Canberra Raiders star Joel Monaghan has confirmed that he is the player in question in a photograph that has been published on the internet featuring a sex act with a dog.
The photograph of Monaghan, a NSW and Australian representative, was taken during Canberra's Mad Monday festivities.
Monaghan issued a statement through his manager Jim Banaghan today expressing both remorse and disgust at an alcohol fuelled prank that led to images being circulated across social networks.
“Joel can't blame anyone but himself for an act of stupidity that will haunt him for the rest of his life,” the statement said.
“Joel wants to make it clear that he was the one playing a prank on an absent teammate by simulating the act.
“There are no words of explanation that can be offered because none can be appropriate.
“Joel has to now face his family as well as fans and supporters with that shame and has already undergone counselling to help him cope with the consequences of what has happened.
“It was a moment of abject stupidity brought about by too much drink and a complete lack of any thought process.
“The fact that someone has sought to compound the situation further by the use of social media only adds to the trauma but Joel accepts that it is his actions alone that are at fault.
“He apologises unreservedly for the outrage that people feel at the moment and blames nobody but himself.
“He will meet the club over the issue and accepts that there must be ramifications but the fact is he is not in a fit emotional state to have those discussions at the moment.
“Joel is a genuinely good person who is simply shattered by a moment of sheer madness.”
Raiders CEO, Don Furner said he had not seen the picture but had been informed of its content and was investigating further.
How Have Latin America's Political Leaders Responded to Israel's Siege on Gaza?
On July 10th, just two days after Israel launched Operation Protective Edge (the largest attack on Gaza in several years) President Obama released a statement in which he “reaffirmed Israel's right to defend itself.” With a death toll now over 550, it is important to look beyond U.S. government sources for information and perspective. Foreign policy among the countries in Latin America conforms to the long-standing, overwhelming international consensus that opposes Israeli aggression and occupation, but it also reflects the region's “second independence.” Over the last 15 years, most countries in Latin America have increased their ability to pursue a foreign policy agenda separate from the goals of the U.S. State Department. In the vast majority of cases, reactions to the latest hostilities are fundamentally at odds with the U.S. position, but they are also varied: many governments directly criticize Israel, using words like “crimes against humanity” and “genocide” to describe recent events; other official statements limit themselves to calling for a ceasefire and a peaceful resolution to the conflict.
Some of the strongest statements were issued by left-leaning governments in South America, including those of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, Uruguay and Venezuela. The government of Argentina issued a statement “strongly condemn[ing] that Israel -- defying calls by the Security Council, by the Secretary General and by the many voices of the international community – has decided to escalate the crisis by launching a ground offensive.” President Evo Morales of Bolivia announced that he had petitioned the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNCHR) to consider a case against Israel at the International Court of Justice (ICJ) for “crimes against humanity” and “genocide.” (Bolivia broke diplomatic relations with Israel in 2009 over Israel's Operation Cast Lead assault on Gaza.) The statement from Brazil reads in part:[1]
The Brazilian Government vehemently condemns the Israeli bombardment of Gaza, with disproportionate use of force, which resulted in more than 230 Palestinians dead, many of them unarmed civilians and children. It equally condemns the firing of rockets and mortars from Gaza into Israel.
The foreign ministry of Chile released a statement that “strongly condemns the Israeli attacks in the Gaza Strip,” also saying that “The reprehensible kidnappings and deaths of three young Israelis and one young Palestinian cannot serve as an excuse to initiate terrorist actions nor to attack areas densely populated by civilians.” Chile has reportedly suspended trade talks with Israel and is considering withdrawal of its ambassador in Tel Aviv over Israeli attacks in the Gaza Strip. The Government of Ecuador released a statement saying that it:
strongly condemns the disproportionate military operations by the Israeli army against the civilian population of the Gaza Strip, which have left more than a hundred deaths [sic] and considerable damage to property and civil infrastructure, demands an immediate cessation of these aggressions against the Palestinian civilian population and called [sic] the State of Israel to exercise maximum restraint and act in accordance to international law and humanitarian law.
Uruguay issued a similar statement condemning the military attacks by Israel in the Gaza Strip, which “caused dozens of civilian deaths and injuries, including women and children, in a disproportionate response to the launch of rockets against the Israeli territory on the part of armed Palestinian groups.” The statement also condemns the “repeated [rocket] launchings that put the civilian population in central and southern Israel at risk.” On the whole, this was not positively received by the Israeli ambassador to Uruguay. Finally, President Nicolás Maduro of Venezuela issued a statement lamenting the murders of three young Israelis, saying it is a case that “demands a full investigation.” He also rejected the attacks by Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip, saying:
the Bolivarian Government of Venezuelan energetically condemns the unjust, disproportionate and illegal military response of the State of Israel against the historic Palestinian nation and urges its government to immediately end this aggression which goes against international law and against the most elemental sense of respect for life and human dignity.
Clearly the language used by each country varies, but it is interesting to note that Venezuela's response falls somewhere in the middle of the spectrum in terms of condemning the Israeli siege. The Venezuelan foreign ministry issued a separate statement on behalf of the ALBA counties which echoes the Venezuelan government's statement and reaffirms the ALBA group's “unconditional solidarity, support and influence for the people of Palestine before this new wave of violence.”
Outside South America, several other countries issued strong responses, including Cuba and El Salvador. Cuba's foreign ministry condemned Israel for “us[ing] its military and technological superiority to execute a policy of collective punishment with a disproportionate use of force which causes civilian casualties and enormous material damage.” El Salvador issued a statement in which the government “strongly condemns and rejects Israel's increased armed aggression against the Gaza Strip” which caused the “loss of human lives, hundreds of injuries and the flight of thousands of Palestinians from their homes, besides serious material damage.” Also, the statement explains that the U.N.'s legitimate self-defense clause “does not justify the use of disproportionate military force against another State, much less against its civilian population.”
As an historical aside, the United Nations declared 2014 the International Year of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, and several of the countries that introduced the resolution to the General Assembly were from Latin America, including Bolivia, Cuba, Ecuador, Guayana, Nicaragua, and Venezuela.
Colombia stands out, not only in South America but in Latin America as a whole, for condemning the “acts of violence and terrorism” against Israel and its civilian population. They called on both Israel and Palestine to end the confrontations and return to the dialogue and negotiation. Colombia has not supported U.N. membership for Palestine, abstaining during the 2012 vote.
More measured statements were issued by the governments of Costa Rica, Honduras [PDF], Mexico, and Peru. These statements typically called for a ceasefire, a peaceful resolution to the conflict, and condemned both sides equally for the violence. Several countries have not issued official responses, including the Dominican Republic, Guatemala, Haiti, Nicaragua, and Paraguay. Panama's foreign minister did not release a dedicated statement on the recent events, but received the Israeli Ambassador for a meeting to strengthen the bilateral relationship during which time the Panamanian official expressed concern over the rise in violence in the Middle East and expressed support for a peaceful resolution.
These statements clearly show not only that the vast majority of Latin American countries are at odds with U.S. foreign policy, but also that these countries are more and more able to articulate opposing views that challenge U.S. State Department narratives. Back in 2010, CEPR examined the region's response to Israel's deadly raid of the Gaza Freedom Flotilla and then as now we found that there was a “hemispheric isolation of the U.S. on critical foreign policy issues.” While the era of U.S. supported coups and interference in the region is not over, significant progress has been made to increase national sovereignty and independence in Latin America, and these are changes that reverberate not just throughout the hemisphere, but across the world.
The NEVER-retracted vaccinated vs. unvaccinated study that revealed significantly higher odds in risks of chronic illness among vaccinated children is back online. But will Retraction Watch admit it launched the attack to discredit it? Will Snopes fact-check itself? If not, why not?
By Celeste McGovern
The first-ever study of vaccinated vs. unvaccinated American children (and a subset study) published two weeks ago in the peer-reviewed Journal of Translational Science have reappeared online after briefly disappearing while under fire from a small band of Skeptics and the staff at Retraction Watch, an organization that reports Science retraction news. Snopes, the fact-checking website, is still misreporting that the study has been retracted, even while it sits, published, in the science journal's pages.
It is a troubling saga unfolding in the scientific publishing world, and it is worth paying attention to because it's revealing of powerful forces in that realm that are trying to censor scientific research and to shield important data from public viewing. Not at all the methodical and logical sort of thing you would expect from modern scientific types. It looks more like a secret 17th century Salem witch trial…interrupted.
Most readers here will be aware of Anthony Mawson et al.'s pivotal pilot study on the health of homeschooled American children. It is one of very few studies to examine the explosion of once rare disorders and conditions affecting modern children (all the millions of 21st century First World earaches, allergies, hayfever, ADD, neurodevelopmental disorders and autism, that is damaging young children's brains in spiking numbers). And it is the only study (yes, the ONLY study to contain totally unvaccinated American subjects.) There are no other studies of American children who have never had a vaccine compared to kids with the motherload of CDC protection.
The researchers cautiously asked a logical, but unorthodox question: is it possible that all this immune –mediated disease has anything to do with the immune-mediating drugs that children are given in doses five times that of their parents? (And yes, autism is brain damage but it is almost certainly the result of a damaged immune system). Could it have anything to do with the 50 doses of 15 immune-stimulating vaccines before age six compared to the three doses of three vaccines the last generation -- that wasn't so sick -- got?
The researchers got some very troubling answers. They reported Odds Risk ratios similar to smoking and lung cancer for vaccination and immune-mediated allergic rhinitis, for example. And a more than four-fold higher risk of vaccinated children having been diagnosed on the Autism Spectrum than unvaccinated children. We better have another study, the researchers concluded. A bigger and better study.
Round One: Suppressing the Study Results
Enter the Skeptics. When the Mawson paper was under review at Frontiers last year, a Skeptic named Leonid Schneider leapt into action.
“I pride myself to have caused the Frontiers anti-vaxx retraction with one tweet!” he tweeted. “The anti-vaxx paper was published as abstract, a reader alerted me, I tweeted, Frontiers got scared, pulled the paper.” Before it was published. It was never published. NEVER RETRACTED. Just tweeted away by Leonid and his Skeptic friends.
Most scientists are sceptical -- they don't like claims without evidence – but not all scientists are Skeptics. Skeptics are champions of objective scientific inquiry who fight against anything they see as irrational and unscientific, which is everything outside of pharmaceutical manufacturing interests. Functional Medicine is equal to Bigfoot to them. They know the difference between Good Thinking and Bad Thinking and some theories (like evolution) they think are very good and some ideas, like God, are particularly bad. They don't like religion, but Skeptics can be quite dogmatic themselves about some things. Like vaccines. According to them, all vaccines are safe and effective. No one is ever injured by vaccines. Every child is healthier because of vaccines. The epidemic of childhood disorders is caused by something that is not vaccines. Questioning vaccines is heresy.
Retraction Watch, which bills itself as "a window into the scientific process," got a little more involved than window-watching and inaccurately reported that the study was retracted, based on a Tweet. It ignored that accepting science on its merits, and then rejecting it on Tweets from those who disagree, is in violation of the publishing code of conduct. Not to mention that there is a big difference in the world of science between having a paper retracted – which implies scientific misconduct or gross scientific error – and having a paper declined because of disgruntled Tweets.
Frontiers publicly posts their retraction policy and affirms that they abide by the Committee on Publication Ethics (COPE) guidelines and recommendations in cases of potential retraction. Frontiers also abides by two other key principles, as recommended by COPE:
Retractions are not about punishing authors.
Retraction statements should be public and linked to the original, retracted article.
There was no retraction statement ever made or posted by Frontiers; therefore Retraction Watch's statement about Dr. Mawson's paper being retracted is inarguably false. This proven lie was used to interfere with and misconstrue Dr. Mawson's research, resulting in a temporary removal of his article from The Journal of Translational Science pending an inquiry. Inquiry resolved, the articles have been reinstated on the journal's website, demonstrating sufficient proof that the articles were never retracted as claimed by Retraction Watch.
Round Two: Discrediting the Study Results
Retraction Watch was again the first to misreport the retraction of the Mawson paper from the Journal of Translational Science last week. Rather than reporting on the facts, Retraction Watch took an activist role in the attempted takedown of Dr. Mawson's research. Misconstruing and misrepresenting another scientist's research is considered scientific misconduct. Retraction Watch still has (at the time of writing) an article posted that claims the paper has been doubly retracted. Their actions have a ripple effect, furthering the harm to Dr. Mawson and his younger colleagues, actions which are harmful to reputations, careers, and their future livlihoods. Snopes, the “fact-checking” entity, was still reporting that the papers were retracted because of methodological flaws, with only a tiny disclaimer at the bottom showing the papers restored to the Journal's webpages. I pointed out the error to the editors and they updated the story today, without apology for inaccuracies.
Continuing to retain articles that are demonstrably and provably false on their website shows a lack of regard for the integrity and truth they espouse to protect. The public should be aware that their representations are not well researched and supported by the facts, and that the due diligence they claim to conduct in the interest of scientific integrity is not as it appears once you scratch the surface.
No answers have been forthcoming from Retraction Watch's editor Alison Cook. She has not replied to my inquiries. Snopes founder David Mikkelson and managing editor Brooke Binkowski did not reply to messages. I did not receive explanations from the journal editors either.
The Digital Media Law Project publishes guidelines for publishing information that “harms the reputation of another person, group, or organization.” Injury to one's reputation that stems from a falsehood is defamation, and claiming an article was retracted when it wasn't is false, defamatory and should be corrected when notice and evidence has been provided to the author of the defamatory article. In the case of the Snopes article, the DMLP states “the republication of someone else's words can itself be defamatory. In other words, you won't be immune simply because you are quoting another person making the defamatory statement, even if you properly attribute the statement to its source.”
The DMLP also advises publications to "be prompt and give your correction the same prominent position that you gave the inaccurate information you previously posted.”
Can Snopes and Retraction Watch be Trusted?
The whole ordeal puts scientific publishing into a bad light. Can it be so easy to push editors out of publishing? Is the code of conduct meaningless? Don't the researchers have recourse to defend their work if there are allegations against it, in a scholarly manner? Has science stooped so low, so beneath accepted standards of professionalism, that it is time to call in lawyers?
This disturbing event leaves the public bewildered. Is there something to worry about for our children's health or not? Why did these researchers find such a high risk of autism and other disorders in vaccinated children? What are the possible mechanisms of immune system injury from vaccination in children?
The way the Mawson study was received undermines public trust in a system that is meant to be seeking better health for humanity. It will continue to erode so long as it fails to answer these questions that our children need answers to, now.
The Children's Medical Safety Research Institute (CMSRI) is a medical and scientific collaborative established to provide research funding for independent studies on causal factors underlying the chronic disease and disability epidemic.
Celeste McGovern is an independent journalist who writes at www.ghostshipmedia.com.
Over at TalkingBrains, Greg Hickok points to a review on embodied cognition that has several neat examples of how distinct behavior arises just by placing an agent in the correct environment:
Robots with two sensors situated at 45 degree angles on the robot's “head” and a simple program to avoid obstacles detected by the sensors will after a while tidy a room full of randomly distributed cubes into neat piles:
and
Female crickets need to find male crickets to breed with. Females prefer to breed with males who produce the loudest songs… Female crickets have a pair of eardrums, one on each front leg, which are connected to each other via a tube. It so happens that the eardrums connect to a small number of interneurons that control turning; female crickets always turn in the direction specified by the more active interneuron. Within a species of cricket, these interneurons have a typical activation decay rate. This means that their pattern of activation is maximized by sounds with a particular frequency. Male cricket songs are tuned to this frequency, and the net result is that, with no explicit computation or comparison required, the female cricket can orient toward the male of her own species producing the loudest song. The analysis of task resources indicates that the cricket solves the problem by having a particular body (eardrum configuration and interneuron connections) and by living in a particular environment (where male crickets have songs of particular frequencies).
(Emphasis added.)
This, of course, is a perfect example of why we need ethology in order to understand the nervous system – behaviors only make sense in the context of the ecology that they operate in!
Media playback is not supported on this device World Cup moments: The 'Hand of God'
Bulgarian Bogdan Dochev - the assistant referee who failed to spot Maradona's Hand of God goal against England at the 1986 World Cup - has died aged 80.
Argentina won the quarter-final tie 2-1 - with Tunisian referee Ali Bin Nasser later claiming he was waiting for Dochev to give him an indication of whether he had seen anything.
Dochev said later: "Diego Maradona ruined my life. He is a brilliant footballer but a small man.
"He is low in height and as a person."
Discussing the incident with the Bulgarian media a few years ago, he added: "Although I felt immediately there was something irregular, back in that time FIFA didn't allow the assistants to discuss the decisions with the referee.
"If Fifa had put a referee from Europe in charge of such an important game, the first goal of Maradona would have been disallowed."
TV pictures showed Bin Nasser looking towards Dochev as he was running back towards the centre circle after the goal had been scored.
And Bin Nasser added: "I was waiting for Dochev to give me a hint of what exactly happened but he didn't signal for a handball.
"The instructions Fifa gave us before the game were clear - if a colleague was in a better position than mine, I should respect his view."
Dochev was Bulgaria's top referee in the 1970s and 1980s and also officiated at the 1982 World Cup. He took charge of the first leg of the 1983 Uefa Cup final between Anderlecht and Benfica.
Researchers used a drumstick (chosen for consistency and because it doesn't obscure the video) to hit various objects, including railings, bushes and metal gratings. The algorithm was fed 978 videos with 46,620 actions, helping it recognize patterns in the audiovisual signal. "Training a model to synthesize plausible impact sounds from silent videos, [is] a task that requires implicit knowledge of material properties and physical interactions," according to the paper.
The AI uses deep learning to figure out how sounds relate to video, meaning it finds the patterns on its own without intervention from scientists. Then, when it's shown a new, silent video, "the algorithm looks at the properties of each frame of that video, and matches them to the most similar sounds in the database," says lead author Andrew Owens. As shown in the video (above), it can simulate the differences between someone tapping rocks, leaves or a couch cushion.
In an online study, subjects were more than twice as likely to pick the AI version over the live one as the "real" sound, particularly for non-solid materials like leaves and dirt. In addition, the algorithm can reveal details about an object from its sound: 67 percent of the time, it could tell whether a material was hard or soft.
The AI isn't perfect -- it can get faked out by a near-hit, and can't pick up sounds not related to a visual action, like a buzzing computer. However, they believe the work could eventually help robots figure out whether a surface is cement-solid or has some give, like grass. Knowing that, they could predict how to step and avoid a (hilarious) accident. If the team can enlarge its database of sounds, the machines could eventually do a Foley artist's job -- with no need for coconuts.
Money from lavish New Year's Eve dinner sent to fundraising arm of NSW Liberal Party, ICAC hears
Updated
Part of the proceeds from a lavish New Year's Eve fundraiser for former police minister Mike Gallacher, which was attended by banned donors, was sent to the fundraising arm of the NSW Liberal Party, an inquiry has heard.
Former restaurateur Peter Doyle has given evidence to the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) about the $1,000 a head dinner, which was held at his harbour-side restaurant at Circular Quay on New Year's Eve in 2010.
Mr Doyle told the hearing that he contacted the then opposition police spokesman Mr Gallacher suggesting a New Year's Eve function would be "a good way to make money for the Liberal Party."
"He thought it was a great idea," he said.
Mr Doyle said Mr Gallacher told him that Restaurant and Catering Australia could bill the invited guests and make a donation to the Liberal Party.
He said he was not involved in the guest list for the dinner, which he estimated was for about 12 to 14 guests.
ICAC has previously heard that Buildev executives Darren Williams and David Sharpe, along with some of their family members, attended the dinner.
Mr Doyle said he was told that $5,000 from the fundraising dinner was donated to the Millennium Forum, the fundraising arm of the NSW Liberal Party and the rest went to Restaurant and Catering Australia.
Mr Gallacher's barrister, Arthur Moses SC, suggested that Mr Gallacher had told Mr Doyle that Mr Sharpe and Mr Williams should only pay cost price because the event was partly being run as a party fundraiser.
But Mr Doyle could not remember that.
Earlier the inquiry heard that the woman described as Joe Tripodi's "eyes and ears" in Newcastle confessed to her lawyer she had been involved in a leaflet campaign against former Labor MP Jodi McKay.
The anonymous "Stop Jodi's Trucks" smear campaign did massive damage to the then sitting member for Newcastle Ms McKay's bid to hold on to her seat in the 2011 election.
Lawyer Nick Dan told the corruption watchdog that when police began investigating the pamphlet campaign, Mr Tripodi's former aide Ann Wills told him: "I've done something silly ... I was involved with those pamphlets."
When asked if she ever suggested to him that Buildev, or Buildev executive Mr Williams were involved he said, "she told me the police have tracked it down to Joe Tripodi's printer and the pamphlets were funded by Nathan Tinkler".
ICAC has previously heard allegations that both Mr Tripodi and former treasurer Eric Roozendaal deliberately undermined Ms McKay as they worked to promote Mr Tinkler's plan for a coal loader.
Ms McKay supported a rival proposal for a container terminal.
Ms Wills previously worked as an aide to Mr Tripodi and was later employed by Buildev.
Topics: corruption, liberals, state-parliament, law-crime-and-justice, sydney-2000, newcastle-2300
First posted
Schnitzel, paper-thin veal or pork, breaded then pan-fried. Bliss on a plate. Homey, comforting, and simple to prepare. Easy dish for a busy week night meal or served as elegant date night fare. Today it was comfort food I craved. Therefore, into the kitchen I went to recreate, albeit a ketofied version, of fondly remembered childhood fare, mom's food hug on a plate that made the world a better place.
However, rock star as schnitzel is on its own, I also added a couple of sides to round out the meal. Two outstanding back up players that make this a “winner winner schnitzel dinner” and definitely a beautiful keto meal that won't leave any one feeling deprived.
Ingredients
First Dredge:
1/4 cup almond flour
1 tbsp parmesan ground
1/8 tsp ground black pepper
Mix till well combined.
For the Egg Wash
1 egg
1 tbsp water
Beat until combined.
Last Dredge
1/4 cup ground pork rinds
1 tbsp parmesan ground
1/4 tsp lemon zest grated
1/8 tsp ground black pepper
1/2 tsp chopped parsley
Mix well till combined.
Set the dredging station thus so that the starting point is the almond flour and the last is the pork rind breading.
Next get 3 oz of pork loin and pound it thin, say an 1/8th of an inch but not so thin that the meat tears. Tip: place the pork loin between two sheets of cling film when pounding it flat, makes for less dish washing.
Once the pork is nice and thin, dredge it first into the almond flour mixture, then into the egg and finally into the pork rind breading. Note, all of the pork rind breading will be used for the one piece of schnitzel. This was a serving for me after all. Now the schnitzel doesn't take long in the pan to cook.
Preheat pan on medium heat. Place breaded schnitzel into pan away from you. Cook first side for 2 minutes. Turn and cook second side for 1 1/2 to 2 1/2 minutes. Watch that the coating doesn't burn. Remove from pan, set on a plate and cover with foil. Allow to rest for 2 minutes. 1 serving Carbs 2 grams, Fat 38 grams, Protein 54 grams and Fiber 1 gram
On its own this schnitzel would be perfect but to make it a meal add sauteed purple cabbage (recipe below), or cauliflower mash The First Supper , or the mini cauliflower casseroles Mini Cauliflower Casseroles: A Leftover Make Over Edition, steamed asparagus (shown above), or a lovely green salad.
Sauteed Purple Cabbage
Ingredients
2 cups sliced purple cabbage (this will cook down to one cup)
1 tbsp butter
1/4 tsp salt
1/4 tsp pepper
1/4 tsp grated lemon zest
1 tbsp apple cider vinegar or lemon juice (keeps the cabbage purple and not turn blue)
Preheat pan on medium heat. Add butter to the pan until melted then add all the other ingredients to the pan. Saute the cabbage until wilted and to tenderness desired. In this instance I found that the cabbage was starting to brown before fully cooked to a lovely tender crisp, therefore, I added 1/4 cup water and cooked until the liquid disappeared. Dish took 15 minutes in the pan. This is 2 servings when done, a 1/2 cup portion per person. Per serving Carbohydrate 5 grams, Fat 6 grams, Protein 1 gram
Well this dish has almost completely come together. I enjoy having something green on my plate so quickly steamed some asparagus. Steam the asparagus for 3 – 4 minutes. I aim for tender crisp so I check at 3 minutes. For 4 spears of asparagus Carbs 4 grams, Fat 0 grams, Protein 2 grams, Fiber 1 gram.
There all the parts complete and ready to make one delicious whole.
I truly hope that this has inspired you to make this simple and delicious comfort food classic. Total plate is only 8 grams of carbohydrate or 6 net carbs.
Happy Eating!
Irene The Keto Gourmet
Advertisements
National Guard troops arrived at Barrio Obrero in Santurce on Sunday to distribute water and food among those affected by the passage of Hurricane Maria, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. AP Photo/Carlos Giusti President Donald Trump on Monday night tweeted about Puerto Rico, which is struggling to recover from Hurricane Maria. The powerful Category 4 storm made landfall on the island last week, leaving unprecedented devastation in its path.
Trump began tweeting about Puerto Rico after spending most of Monday continuing a multiday war of words about the NFL.
"Texas & Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico, which was already suffering from broken infrastructure & massive debt, is in deep trouble," Trump said in one tweet.
He then continued: "It's old electrical grid, which was in terrible shape, was devastated. Much of the Island was destroyed, with billions of dollars owed to Wall Street and the banks which, sadly, must be dealt with. Food, water and medical are top priorities — and doing well."
The hurricane knocked out power across the entire island, and as of Monday some 1.6 million electricity customers were still in the dark, with the exception of some hospitals and medical facilities, according to the Associated Press. The newswire service said 80% of the island's transmission and distribution lines were severely damaged, meaning it could take months before electricity is fully restored.
Trump's comments about Puerto Rico's dire financial situation were not inaccurate. The island was mired in debt long before Hurricane Maria and became the first US state or territory to seek a form of bankruptcy relief in May, The New York Times reported at the time.
But the US president's comments were not well received:
Brock Long, the head of the US Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the homeland security adviser Tom Bossert arrived in San Juan on Monday to meet with Gov. Ricardo Rossello.
"We've got a lot of work to do. We realize that," Long said, according to the Chicago Tribune.
Celebrities and entertainers also announced contributions to the relief efforts on the island, but financial assistance alone won't be enough to rescue the island's economy, the AP said. Tax collections are likely to drop, and Puerto Rico's tourism industry "will not recover for some time," according to James Eck, a vice president with the credit-rating agency Moody's.
Why dogs REALLY get into a frenzy at the mention of walkies: Researchers find canines get 'runner's high' because their brains produce chemicals found in cannabis
Study found that dogs get a 'runner's high' similar to those experienced by humans
Running creates a drug in the brain that is also found in cannabis
Dogs and humans love to run because it gives them a natural high similar to that of cannabis, according to the University of Arizona.
Researchers wanted to see why some animals evolved to be better at running, such as humans and dogs, while others, including ferrets, aren't.
Their findings suggest that this may be because after running, the levels of endocannabinoids - chemicals found in marijuana that give you a feeling of euphoria - are higher in human's and dogs and this encourages them to run again.
Dogs and humans are known as cursorial animals, which means they have evolved specifically to be good at running long distances. Researchers from the University of Arizona have discovered that dogs get the same 'runner's high' as humans, and that we may have both evolved because our brains produce feel-good chemicals, similar to those found in cannabis
Chart showing the changes in the level of feel-good chemicals in the animals' blood before and after treadmill exercise. Pre-exercise levels are shown in white, post-exercise levels are shown in black
Anthropologist David A. Raichlen from the University of Arizona lead the research.
He said: 'Maybe runner's high is not some peculiar thing with humans.
Maybe it's an evolutionary payoff for doing something hard and painful that also helps them survive better, be healthier, hunt better or have more offspring.'
Raichlen continued that as we evolved, we continued to run because our brains became hard-wired to like it.
During the research a human, dog and ferret were put on a treadmill for 30 minutes.
The researchers drew blood from each animal and compared the levels of chemicals of each.
They also measured the dogs and humans as they walked, while the ferrets rested.
Raichlen found that blood samples for both humans and dogs showed a significant increase in levels of endocannabinoids.
Endocannabinoids are chemicals produced in the body.
They can give people a natural 'high' including feelings of happiness and euphoria.
Ferrets are non-cursorial animals, which means they have not evolved to be good at running. During the study from the University of Arizona ferrets were found not to produce feel-good chemicals when they exercise. This suggests that they didn't evolve to be good at running because their brains weren't hard-wired to enjoy it, as is the case with humans and dogs
WHAT ARE ENDOCANNABINOIDS?
Humans and animals naturally create endocannabinoids.
These are chemical compounds that activate the same receptors as delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC). THC is an active component in marijuana. The cannabis plant, pictured, has been found to relieve chronic pain, increase appetite, alleviate nausea, and ease anxiety. In humans and other animals this chemical compound can boost the feeling of happiness and euphoria.
The levels of this chemical increase after exercise.
These chemicals are also found in cannabis plants.
During the study the humans reported being much happier after the exercise.
The researchers concluded that was the first indication that dogs—and possibly other distance-running mammals—experience a naturally induced runner's high.
There was no spike in the level of endocannabinoids in the humans or the dogs after walking.
And the ferrets saw no increase in the levels of the 'happy' chemicals throughout the whole study.
This research suggests that Raichlen's 'reward response' theory shows that intense aerobic activity appears to be part of our evolutionary history.
Humans and dogs are known as cursorial animals.
This means we have evolved specifically to be able to run long distances and have longer legs that help us stride more easily.
By comparing how we have developed from apes, Raichlen discovered that the fitter the primate, the bigger its brain.
His findings suggest that exercise helps the brain to grow, and boosts the body's production of neurotrophins - chemicals that build and maintain brain cells.
Raichlen said: 'Inactive people may not be fit enough to hit the exercise intensity that leads to this sort of rewarding sensation.'
Following the recent elections, Greece has come under pressure. Fear is growing about the stance of the newly elected government and there have been signs of renewed capital outflows, as recent data from the central bank show that deposits of Greek households and corporations dropped by 4bn (-2.4% m-o-m) in December. But who (and where) is still exposed to Greece? While exposures of euro area banks are still at very low levels compared to the pre-crisis period, it is tempting to interpret this as a first trace of normalisation and resume in confidence, which the present political turmoil risks to revert.
Since the start of the crisis, the structure of Greek debt has changed considerably (almost 80 percent of government financial liabilities are now accounted for by loans, against slightly less than 20 percent back in 2008). At the same time, the weight of public creditors has increased among the creditors of the government. Figure 1 shows a breakdown of the Greek general government financial liabilities across the main creditor sectors (with public creditor included in non-residents). At the end of 2013, debt due to official creditors amounted to 216 billion of loans (IMF/EU loans) and 38 billion of securities (under SMP). This means that, at the end of 2013, official creditors accounted for about 94 percent of the total loans due to non-residents and 89 percent of the total securities held by non residents.
The government is not the only Greek sector to which foreign investors are exposed
But the government is not the only Greek sector to which foreign investors are exposed, and official creditors are not the only investors in Greece. After Greece came under market pressure and eventually obtained an EU/IMF macroeconomic financial assistance programme in 2010, foreign banks started to rapidly reduce their exposure to Greece (figure 2). Euro area banks' consolidated foreign claims on Greece – which peaked at about 128 billion euro in 2008 – reached a low of about 12 billion euro in September 2013. UK banks' exposure reached a peak of 13 billion in March 2008 and dropped to 4.3 billion in December 2012. US banks' exposure instead was about 14 billion in September 2009 and down to 2.5 billion at the end of 2012.
Interestingly, the only country where banks have been continuously increasing their exposure to Greece since 2013 is Germany
Interestingly, US and UK banks have been increasing their Greek exposure again, since March 2013, reaching back to levels not very far from those of end 2009 /early 2010. US banks' exposure to Greece as of September 2014 was in fact 8 billion (down from 13 billion in June) and UK banks' exposure was 10 billion. Euro area banks have behaved very differently and total exposure to Greece has in fact continued to decline in almost all countries. Even more interestingly, the only country where banks have been continuously increasing their exposure to Greece since 2013 is Germany. German banks' foreign claims on Greece in fact reached 32 billion in March 2010, dropped to as low as 3.9 billion at the end of 2012 and went back to around 10 billion in June 2014. Therefore the recent increase is small compared to the historical level, but it has been continuous (at least until September 2014).
As of the latest available data (September 2014), euro area banks' exposures to Greece amounted to 96.6 million for Austria, 29.4 million for Belgium, 1368 million for France, 10203 million for Germany, 55.9 million for Ireland, 800 million for Italy, 923 million for the Netherlands, 263 million for Portugal and 301 million for Spain.
The composition of such exposures, however, varies across countries and has significantly changed over time. Figure 3 compares the exposure of selected foreign banks to Greek sector as of september 2014 versus December 2012 (chosen as a starting point because so that comparison is made between two post-PSI dates).
In 2012, exposures to the Greek private non-financial sectors accounted for the largest share of banks' exposure to the country, with the exception of Belgian banks. In 2014, exposures to Greek banks have significantly increased as a share of total exposures in all countries but for Belgium and Spain. In terms of absolute numbers, only Belgium and Germany have increased their exposure to the Greek private non-financial sector. In absolute numbers, also exposure to the public sector has increased everywhere (apart from Belgium), but the only country where public exposure has significantly increased as a share of the total is Italy.
Since 2012, private investors have been timidly and slowly coming back to Greece
Anybody who has followed the development of the euro crisis knows about the important increase in the weight of public creditor for Greek government debt. The data show, however, that since 2012 (when the ECB introduced the OMT programme) private investors have been timidly and slowly coming back to Greece. While exposures of euro area banks are still at very low levels compared to the pre-crisis period, it is tempting to interpret this as a first trace of normalisation and a resumption in confidence, which the present political turmoil risks reverting.
Read our special Eye on Greece section
This article was republished in italian on lavoce.info
Barry Goldwater on Nov. 20, 1964. Or is that Ted Cruz? Or Marco Rubio? Or Jeb Bush?
Photo By Ed Maker/The Denver Post via Getty Images
Campaigning for the presidency, the Republican senator from the Southwest warned that government should undertake “only those needed and constitutionally sanctioned tasks which cannot otherwise be performed.” He condemned the incumbent in the White House “for timidly refusing to draw our own lines against aggression … and letting our finest men die on battlefields (unmarked by purpose … or the prospect of victory).” He proudly stated that “this nation was founded … upon the acceptance of God as the author of freedom” and scorned liberals who “elevate the state and downgrade the citizen.”
Sen. Ted Cruz could have made those remarks during his address at Liberty University last week, when he announced his campaign for the White House. He certainly agrees with all of them. But it was a different right-wing firebrand from the Sun Belt who uttered those lines more than 50 years ago: Arizona's Barry Goldwater, in his speech accepting the 1964 Republican nomination for president.
Whatever you think about conservative Republicans, you have to admire their rhetorical consistency. From Goldwater to Reagan to George W. Bush to the current junior senator from Texas, nearly every nationally prominent politician on the right has upheld the same three-part credo: limited government at home, military intervention against enemies abroad, and America as God's chosen land, which only those who cherish “traditional” religious values should govern.
Fellow lawmakers may mistrust Cruz for preening as a lonely fighter for truth. But no GOP politician with a serious chance to be nominated next year disagrees with his message of updated Goldwaterism. Substitute Obamacare for Medicare and ISIS and Iran for the Soviet Union and China, and Gov. Scott Walker, Sen. Marco Rubio, Mike Huckabee, and even the allegedly “moderate” Jeb Bush would gladly sign on. Each man also fervently connects his personal faith to the idea that the Almighty has a special fondness for the United States. Sen. Rand Paul's qualms about using the full force of the U.S. military against armed Islamists may endear him to libertarian-minded millennials. But such ambivalence will insure his defeat in a party that has longed prized bellicosity for a righteous cause.
Adhering to an easily understood and deeply felt ideology has helped conservatives win impressive victories. After Goldwater lost the 1964 election in a landslide, they kept building their movement, taking advantage of the failure of Democratic administrations and Congresses to contain communism or soothe the rising fears of white Americans about black criminals, rebellious youths, and uppity gays and feminists. They persuaded evangelical churchgoers, anti-regulation and anti-union employers, and intellectual Cold Warriors to unite against the common enemy of secular liberalism. They elected three avowedly conservative presidents and now control both houses of Congress and wield, in effect, a majority on the Supreme Court.
Of course, the right's big tent has not been free of conflict. George Will and Pat Buchanan railed at the messianic ambitions of George W. Bush's foreign policy, and increasing numbers of Republican politicians no longer favor banning same-sex marriage.
Still, the conservative movement has held together remarkably well for more than five decades—a longevity achieved by no other major ideological formation in American political history. Contrast that accomplishment with the fragmentation of liberals—or “progressives”—into separate, often mutually suspicious, identities (black, Latino, LGBT, feminist) and interests (tech moguls vs. labor unions) since the 1960s.
Progressives did manage to unite behind Barack Obama's two campaigns for president. But many now complain that the president's policy successes and political skills did not live up to his rhetoric. And, so far at least, they have been unable to convince another compelling figure who shares their passions to run against Hillary Clinton, who once beamed from the House gallery as her husband announced, “The era of big government is over.”
However, the durability of the right's ideological formula is a weakness as well as a strength. It forces conservatives in power to contradict their rhetoric on almost a daily basis. How else can they curse Obamacare as “socialist,” a program that requires most Americans to buy private insurance while praising and funding Medicare and Social Security, the largest and sturdiest pillars of the welfare state? How else can they call, as Cruz did last week, for a future of liberty in which “government regulators and tax collectors are kept at bay” but demand regular budget increases for the military and the rest of the national security apparatus—probably the most heavily regulated, and certainly the most secretive, arm of the federal government?
Veteran politicians on the right understand that the public is guilty of the same type of hypocrisy. As two wise political scientists put it back in 1967, most American voters are “ideological conservatives but operational liberals.” They dislike “big” government but support, and often depend on, any government program that directly benefits them.
But in their hypocrisy, powerful conservatives are pandering to this schizoid attitude instead of facing up to problems such as global warming and income inequality that require smart regulation and at least a modest redistribution of wealth. They don't really attempt to limit government as much as they try to limit programs that don't help their core voters or key donors.
Compared with Cruz and his fellow 2016 hopefuls, Goldwater was actually a model of consistency in 1964: He opposed Medicare, wanted to make Social Security a voluntary program, and voted against the Civil Rights Act because it gave the federal government the power to ban racial discrimination by employers, hotels, and restaurants. He wasn't a racist, but he thought such power should be left to the states. But then as a man of steadfast principle, he knew something that no Republican who is now or will soon be campaigning for the White House believes: Goldwater knew he was going to lose.
PHILADELPHIA – An ambitious step in environmentalism is happening right here in Philadelphia, as the world's first ever solar-powered indoor vertical farm calls the City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection home.
In South Philadelphia, just off Christopher Columbus Boulevard lies a building that hosts 2,003 solar panels powering an indoor vertical farm that will ideally produce 660 outdoor acres worth of food in just a 100,000-square-foot space each year.
The project is from Metropolis Farms, a leader in indoor farming innovations, and brings the world's first solar powered vertical indoor farm to Philadelphia.
The farm sits on the fourth floor of the building tucked between the Boulevard and Swanson Street.
"Before starting this project, the fourth floor of this building was only growing pigeons," Metropolis Farms said of the space. "But now, using our innovative technology that can uniquely grow everything, this solar powered indoor farm will be growing fresh tomatoes, strawberries, lettuce, herbs, broccoli, and other crops for local Philadelphians."
The rooftop panels gather enough sunlight to supply over half a megawatt of energy, the company said.
While the panels are on in early October, crops won't be planted until about November, according to the company.
You can learn more about the project at Metropolis Farms website here.
Pictured above is a photo the solar panels that will power the soon-to-be-planted indoor vertical farm in South Philadlephia
Image via Google
Update: Eiga Yo-kai Watch: Sora Tobu Kujira to Double no Sekai no Daibōken da Nyan! sold 545,211 tickets for 608,033,100 yen (about US$5.189 million) on 415 screens from Saturday to Sunday. That is 57.5% of the opening weekend box office for the last Yo-kai Watch film, which eventually earned 5.53 billion yen (about US$47 million).
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story sold 413,600 tickets for 653 million yen (about US$5.573 million) on 368 screens from Saturday to Sunday. That is 52.5% of the opening weekend box office for the last Star Wars film. The new film actually opened on Friday, and so it earned 920 million yen (about US$7.852 million) across its first three days. The Eiga.com website projects that it will earn over 4 billion yen (about US$34 million).
Eiga Yo-kai Watch: Sora Tobu Kujira to Double no Sekai no Daibōken da Nyan! (Yo-kai Watch The Movie: The Flying Whale and the Grand Adventure of the Double Worlds, Meow!), the third Yo-kai Watch film, topped the Japanese box office in its opening December 17-18 weekend. The film ranked higher in tickets sold over the two days than Rogue One: A Star Wars Story , which debuted in Japan at #2. Rogue One opened on Friday, while the Yo-kai Watch film opened on Saturday.
However, Eiga Yo-kai Watch: Sora Tobu Kujira to Double no Sekai no Daibōken da Nyan! did not top Rogue One: A Star Wars Story in box office earnings for the Saturday-Sunday time period.
Last year, Eiga Yo-kai Watch: Enma Daioh to Itsutsu no Monogatari da Nyan! , the second Yo-kai Watch film, also debuted on the same weekend as Star Wars: The Force Awakens , with Star Wars similarly opening on Friday against Yo-kai Watch's Saturday opening. While the Yo-kai Watch film topped Star Wars: The Force Awakens in tickets sold on the opening weekend, Star Wars: The Force Awakens topped it in actual money earned at the Japanese box office, both including and excluding the Friday opening day.
Both movies retained their status until the third weekend, when Star Wars topped Yo-kai Watch in both ticket sales and box office gross.
Makoto Shinkai's your name. ( Kimi no na wa. ) anime film dropped from #5 to #6 in its 17th weekend. The film has earned 20,897,904,500 yen (about US$178 million) and sold 16,079,937 tickets in Japan as of Sunday, 115 days after it opened in Japan.
Kamen Rider Heisei Generations: Dr. Pacman vs. Ex-Aid & Ghost with Legend Rider , the new Kamen Rider film in Toei's Movie Taisen (Movie War) series of crossover films, dropped from #3 to #7 in its second weekend.
The Monster Strike The Movie anime film dropped from #1 to #8 in its second weekend. The film earned 439,612,800 yen (about US$3.79 million) and sold 390,416 tickets in its opening weekend. ( Variety later reported that while the film was #1 in terms of ticket sales, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them earned the equivalent of US$4.9 million to actually top the Japanese box office in terms of earnings last weekend.)
The Suki ni Naru Sono Shunkan o: Kokuhaku Jikkō Iinkai (I wait for the moment you love me. Confession Executive Committee), the second anime film inspired by the HoneyWorks musical group's Kokuhaku Jikkō Iinkai ~Renai Series~ (Confession Executive Committee ~Love Series~) Vocaloid songs, debuted at #9.
Sunao Katabuchi's (Mai Mai Miracle, Black Lagoon) In This Corner of the World anime film dropped from #7 to #10 in its sixth weekend.
The Kantai Collection: KanColle anime film, the live-action Museum film, and live-action Oboreru Knife film all fell off the chart this week in their fourth, sixth, and seventh weekends, respectively. Oboreru Knife briefly returned to the top 10 last week in its sixth weekend after dropping off the chart in its fifth weekend.
Source: Kōgyō Tsūshin
Do you love gadgets? Well, if you are going to answer “No”, you probably just don't know what I mean.
Gadgets are little (and huge) devices that are meant to make our lives easier. They do not necessarily mean any technological innovations, sometimes these are ordinary things with enhanced functionality.
So today I am going to show you how daily-routine things may be optimized so that you could never imagine. You have dreamed about them without even knowing this is possible!
Love singing when taking shower? Then this Shower Mic Sponge is right for you! (Via grandrivertoys.com)
Are you lazy? Then this device is right for you! Instead of having to lean down and put your mouth under the faucet just to rinse away the toothpaste. A clever internal tube takes the flowing water and redirects it as a small jet (via wired.com):
Let your dog peek outside with this awesome Pet Peek gadget (via PetPeek):
Another gadget for your yard: a ball-shaped glass bird feeder (via WhereDidYouBuyThat):
Here's another gadget for your yard birds: solar bird house – it has had a solar panel that charges a small battery. At sunset a sensor turns on the illuminated perch, creating a whimsical glow in your garden and hopefully makes it easier for your birdies to get home (via Australia gift shop):
A perfect example of an ordinary thing getting optimized: The Drinkin' Tray (via slightlywarped.com)
Burnt toast could soon be a thing of the past as this glass toaster lets you see your bread as it browns (via PicoCool):
More cooking gadgets: this Lap Counter gives you the mobility to peel, chop, slice fruits and vegetables almost anywhere in the house (via kickstyle.me):
The following gadget allows for the safe transport and storage of individual bananas letting you enjoy perfect banana anytime, anywhere (via wallbike.com):
Who knew there are so many devices to store and transport bananas? Here is another one: (via vat19.com):
The weight watch belt measures the waist every time you put it on & lets you know if you put on any weight (via crookedbrains.net):
These cool electrical outlets will stash electrical cords behind a Picket Fence to hide clutter (via PicoCool):
This cool stackable furniture set will save your place: it will be there only when you need it (via freakyfrugalite.com):
Have a habit to wake up late at night and don't want to bother your family? Check out these amazing slippers (via freakyfrugalite.com):
Squishy Bowl: you can shove them in a pocket, backpack, laptop bag, belly button (if it's big enough), and more. They pop back into shape and are ready to go (via ThinkGeek).
Another example of an optimized : ‘spill-resistant' bowl that uses a gyroscope to prevent spills when you're gyrating (via gizmodo.com):
Special thanks to one of our commenters, Alf Hayward, for this correction:
“Sorry, that's not a gyroscope. A gyroscope is a sort of flywheel that spins, usually driven by an electric motor. What you've illustrated is a set of gimbals, used on yachts to keep things upright by the simple use of gravity.”
The clever Post-A-Note pen comes with a built-in cartridge filled with small yellow Post-it inspired notes, so you'll never have to worry about being without paper again (via Geek Alerts).
Sometimes you just can't do without crutches, but why settle for regular crutches if you can have collapsible ones? (via The Craziest Gadgets)
Do you ever have to work in the badly-heated office or even outside? Are cold hands slowing down your reaction time when you are playing a video game? The USB Heating Gloves may be the answer to your prayers! (via perpetualkid.com)
Post images by Aitor Escauriaza
The 2011 Bowman Chrome baseball card product hit the market this week. It is always one of the most popular products among baseball card collectors and prospectors. Here is a look at the autographed cards in the product along with the ending prices that were seen on Ebay for the first batch of completed items to go off. I will update this posting as further 2011 Bowman Chrome auctions end.
NOTE: You can view the active 2011 Bowman Chrome listings for each player by clicking on the name of each player below
2011 Bowman Chrome Prospect Autographs
Dustin Ackley Seattle Mariners
Chris Archer Tampa Bay Rays – Sold for $9.59
Manny Banuelos New York Yankees – Sold for $31.01
Danny Brewer New York Yankees – Sold for $5.09
David Bromberg Minnesota Twins – Sold for $5.17
A.J. Cole Washington Nationals – Sold for $8.50
Alex Colome Tampa Bay Rays – Sold for $6.01
Brody Colvin Philadelphia Phillies – Sold for $9.59
Khris Davis Milwaukee Brewers – Sold for $8.00
Cutter Dykstra Washington Nationals – Sold for $3.54
Nathan Eovaldi Los Angeles Dodgers – Sold For $15.02
Garrett Gould Los Angeles Dodgers – Sold for $8.00
Brandon Guyer Chicago Cubs – Sold for $5.12
Shaeffer Hall New York Yankees – Sold for $6.09
Bryce Harper Washington Nationals – Sold for $359.66
Reese Havens New York Mets – Sold for $7.50
Luis Heredia Pittsburgh Pirates – Sold for $6.07
Aaron Hicks Minnesota Twins – Sold for $17.05
Bryan Holaday Detroit Tigers – Sold for $10.50
Brad Holt New York Mets – Sold for $.99
Brock Holt Pittsburgh Pirates – Sold for $5.13
Eric Hosmer Kansas City Royals – Sold for $139.36
Brett Lawrie Toronto Blue Jays – Sold for $105.09
Brandon Laird New York Yankees – Sold for $8.50
Matt Lollis San Diego Padres – Sold for $9.18
Starling Marte Pittsburgh Pirates – Sold For $21.67
Ethan Martin Los Angeles Dodgers – Sold for $7.00
Trey McNutt Chicago Cubs – Sold for $12.50
Melky Mesa New York Yankees – Sold for $5.50
Matt Moore Tampa Bay Rays – Sold for $50.99
Hunter Morris Milwaukee Brewers – Sold for $10.00
Kendrick Perkins Boston Red Sox – Sold for $6.67
Enny Romero Tampa Bay Rays – Sold for $6.00
Keyvius Sampson San Diego Padres – Sold for $9.51
Jean Segura Los Angeles Angels – Sold for $4.91
Jordan Swaggerty St. Louis Cardinals – Sold for $11.50
Dickie Joe Thon Toronto Blue Jays – Sold for $7.50
Jacob Turner Detroit Tigers – Sold for $36.99
Christopher Wallace Houston Astros – Sold for $6.67
Bowman Chrome USA 18-U National Team Autographs
Albert Almora – Sold for $11.50
Alex Bregman – Sold for $9.26
Gavin Cecchini – Sold for $17.50
Troy Conyers – Sold for $13.49
Chase DeJong – Sold for $8.53
Carson Fulmer – Sold for $6.28
Cole Irvin – Sold for $8.38
Jeremy Martinez – Sold for $7.49
Chris Okey – Sold for $7.39
Cody Poteet – Sold for $8.01
Nelson Rodriguez – Sold for $9.37
Addison Russell – Sold for $17.50
Clate Schmidt – Sold for $5.59
Hunter Virant – Sold for $9.48
Walker Weickel – Sold for $10.51
Mikey White
Jesse Winker – Sold for $10.50
The Post Stays Up
Medium Legal Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 26, 2016
Medium Users,
As some of you have noted, Medium's now blocked in Malaysia.
Image courtesy Amy @ Pikaland
Here's what happened.
The Sarawak Report's website has been blocked in Malaysia since summer 2015. They continued to reach the Malaysian public through Medium.
Last Wednesday, January 20, we received an email from the Malaysian Communications and Multimedia Commission:
The post at issue had been published on Medium by the Sarawak Report two days earlier — “Najib Negotiates His Exit BUT He Wants Safe Passage AND All The Money! EXCLUSIVE DISCLOSURE.”
On January 21, we responded to the MCMC:
We've received no response. The next morning, Friday January 22, Medium users in Malaysia began reporting that Medium had been blocked there (at least by some ISPs, including Telekom Malaysia).
Medium's in no position to evaluate the truth of the Sarawak Report's Medium post. We've received no evidence that the post violates any of our Rules, or any law. We stand by investigative journalists who publish on Medium. Until we receive an order from a court of competent jurisdiction, the post stays up.
[Update: Digital News Asia's reporting includes a statement from the MCMC confirming that it instructed ISPs to block Medium.]
During an interview with ABC's George Stephanopoulos, President Obama issued a clear reminder to those who are not treating Russian meddling in our democracy with the gravity it deserves: "Vladimir Putin is not on our team."
A pointed reminder from President Obama:
Watch President Obama note that “Vladimir Putin is not on our team.” (FYI: @POTUS is right) pic.twitter.com/fGw4sLelke — HawaiiDelilah (@HawaiiDelilah) January 7, 2017
GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS: Bottom line: This time, Vladimir Putin got what he wanted? BARACK OBAMA: Well, look, I think that what is true is that the Russians intended to meddle, and they meddled. I'll be honest with you, George, one of the things that I am concerned about is the degree to which we've seen a lot of commentary lately where there were Republicans, or pundits, or cable commentators, who seem to have more confidence in Vladimir Putin than fellow Americans because those fellow Americans are Democrats. That cannot be. STEPHANOPOULOS: Does that include the President-elect? OBAMA: Well, what I will say is that — and I said this right after the election — we have to remind ourselves we're on the same team. Vladimir Putin's not on our team.
It is incredible that President Obama even has to publicly state that a foreign leader who personally orchestrated interference in our election is not on America's team, and, yet, as evidence of exactly why he is obliged to do so, President-elect Donald Trump spent the morning following an intelligence briefing on Russian interference tweeting about how only “stupid people” do not see an allegiance with Russia as a good thing:
Having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing, not a bad thing. Only "stupid" people, or fools, would think that it is bad! We….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
have enough problems around the world without yet another one. When I am President, Russia will respect us far more than they do now and…. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
both countries will, perhaps, work together to solve some of the many great and pressing problems and issues of the WORLD! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2017
As my colleague Leah McElrath notes, this is an endorsement of the “Dugin/Putin view of multi-polar world powers,” which is a significant and alarming deviation from established American geopolitical policy, and is a further indication of Trump's disloyalty to this nation, on the verge of his inauguration. He is not just seeking a remarkable strategic realignment, but one that centers an alliance with a foreign power that has actively sought to undermine our democracy.
Our sitting president just had to publicly remind our president-elect that Putin is not on our team. That he had to make this statement is chilling. That the president-elect evidently disagrees is terrifying.
A few weeks ago, a new pencil from Blackwing was leaked on social media. Shortly thereafter, Blackwing released their first permanent collection pencil in nearly six years: The Blackwing Natural.
Listeners of the Erasable Podcast might recognize some requests that we made repeatedly. The core is extra firm. The barrel is natural cedar. While I wished for a silver ferrule and pink eraser, this gold ferrule and gray eraser look fantastic next to the wood grain and the gold stamping. I'm not disappointed at all.
The barrel of the pencil is covered in some sort of thin varnish or lacquer. It's matte, grippy, and lovely. The core is fantastic. It's plenty dark for me, reminding me of the original Palomino that seems to be no more.
There was considerable delay in getting these shipped, but with them being a permanent part of the collection, that's totally fine with me. A few of mine had quality control issues. Four or five of them have ferrules not attached very well, and one had a big chip in the wood. But I am not under any illusion that this dozen of pencils is going to be mine for long anyway. Once my kids and spouse see these, I'm going to have to order myself another box.
Thanks to Blackwing, for listening to your customers who have been wanting a pencil more or less exactly like this! Personally, I'm glad they have added the extra firm core to the lineup and that they have added a natural option. Natural pencils got me into these graphite beauties in the first place.
I'm holding myself back from buying many gross of these pencils. For now.
It looks like Google is having an even harder time keeping the Pixel in stock than it expected. Some people who ordered a white Pixel 2 and received an estimated ship date of late October are receiving emails saying their order has been delayed by up to a month. Multiple people who received the emails have posted about their frustration on Reddit, as was first picked up by Android Police.
To make up for the delay, Google is offering these customers a free Live Case, which normally sell for $40. It's a nice savings for anyone who was planning to buy a case anyway, but that won't necessarily make up for having to wait an extra month for something that was supposed to arrive just days from now — especially since orders are being delayed for the early-adopter crowd.
Another Pixel, another set of supply issues
Based on Reddit reports, the issue seems to be limited to the 64GB model of the white Pixel 2. That model of the Pixel 2, along with nearly every other model, remains out of stock or on a multi-week delay from Google's online store, so customers won't have much luck getting a device sooner just by switching colors (unless they're okay with 64GB black model).
While this doesn't sound like a huge disruption in Pixel 2 shipments, it's once again just not an amazing sign for how things are going. Google struggled to keep enough of the original Pixel in stock last year, and either it didn't learn anything in the time since or couldn't figure out how to scale up manufacturing capacity. Pixel 2 configurations started selling out within hours of the phone going on sale, and today's news suggests that if you haven't ordered one yet, you're probably going to have to wait.
The substructure of the Peloponnesean populations
On PCA analysis the populations are arranged in the form of an inverted capital letter V (Figure 1b). The left of this formation is occupied by the population of Tsakones who inhabit the east slopes of Mount Parnon and the adjacent costal area (Figure 1a). The right of the formation is occupied by the populations of Maniots who inhabit the east and west slopes of mount Tayetos and the southern area of the promontory, the so-called Deep Mani (Figure 1a). All other Peloponneseans cluster in the tip of the letter V (Figures 1b and c). The ADMIXTURE analysis of Figure 1e shows that the Maniots and Tsakones are clearly separated from each other and from all other Peloponnesean populations. Correlations between geographic coordinates and the two principal components (Table 1) are compatible with gradients in gene frequencies from north to south across all Peloponnese, along the Ionian coast, across Arcadia, as well as within Laconia and between the slopes of Tayetos and Deep Mani.
Table 1: Correlations between geographic coordinates and principal componentsa Full size table
IBD analysis (Figure 1d) confirms the existence of distinct Peloponnesean subpopulations. In the populations of Maniots, individuals share on average 0.25% of their genome (or 35–36 cM) identical by descent, with 95% of pairs of individuals sharing at least one IBD segment (Supplementary Table 3). Similarly, the two Tsakones populations have a very high average pairwise IBD sharing of 0.66% of their genome, or 94 cM; every pair of individuals shares at least one IBD segment. Laconia is fairly closely related to both Deep Mani and to the Tsakones, based on the darker blue for those pairings in the heat map of Figure 1d. The heat map also revealed a larger separation between the southern and northern Peloponnesean populations, with the populations of Arcadia, Messenia, Elis, Achaea, Corinthia and Argolis forming their own subgroup. Corinthia and Argolis are the most strongly related (by IBD) of this subset of populations, sharing nearly 10 cM IBD on average.
Genetic similarity with Sicilians and Italians
As anticipated from the results of previous studies,18, 19, 20 the Peloponneseans are genetically placed very close to the Sicilians and Italians (Figures 2a and b) but they differ from several other populations we compared them (see Supplementary Figure 2). Network analysis (Figure 2c), highlighted the interconnections of Peloponnesean populations as well as the connections between Peloponneseans, Italians and Sicilians; in this network analysis, Sicilians and Italians serve as a bridge between Peloponneseans and other European populations (Basque, Andalusians and French). Slavic populations are placed far away from the Peloponneseans as are the Near Eastern populations. The latter are connected to the Peloponnesus via the islands of Crete and the Dodecanese.
Testing the theory of extinction of the medieval Peloponnesean Greeks
This theory allows a specific prediction about the genetic ancestry of the Peloponneseans: the great majority, if not all, of Peloponnesean ancestry should be Slavic. We compared, the Peloponneseans (except for Maniots and Tsakones) with populations of the Slavic homeland from which the sixth century Slavs should have originated. The exact location of the Slavic homeland is debated7, 8 but it is placed north of the Danube,7 between the Oder and Dnieper rivers and includes areas inhabited by Polish, Ukrainian, Russian and Belarusian populations. PCA analysis showed a clear separation of Peloponneseans from the Slavic populations (Figure 3a). By ADMIXTURE analysis (Figure 3c) the Peloponneseans and the Slavic populations form separate clusters with a small degree of gene flow from the Slavic to the Peloponnesean cluster.
Figure 3 Testing the theory of replacement of medieval Peloponesians by Slavs and Asia Minor settlers. (a) PCA analysis shows the broad separation of Peloponneseans from four populations of the Slavic homeland (Ukrainians, Polish, Russians and Belarusians). (b) PCA comparisons of the Peloponneseans with three Greek-speaking Asia Minor populations shows only partial overlap with the population of the Asia Minor Aegean coast. (c) ADMIXTURE analysis illustrates the wide separation of Peloponneseans from the Slavs in all values of K. Full size image
Fallmerayer hypothesized that the Hellenization of the Peloponnesean Slavs was accelerated by the transfer to the Peloponnese of Hellenized populations from Asia Minor.9 We tested this hypothesis by comparing the Peloponneseans with three Greek-speaking populations of Asia Minor: a western-coastal population sample extending from the Propontis in the north to Alikarnassos (Bodrum) in the south; a northern population from Pontus, that is, the coast of the Black Sea and the Asia Minor interior corresponding to the current northern Turkey; and a central Anatolian population from Cappadocia. All these populations are separated from the Peloponneseans by PCA (Figure 3b). The small degree of overlap between Peloponnese and the population of the Asia Minor coast (Figure 3b) is expected for neighboring Greek populations. The Byzantines frequently moved Armenians to achieve political objectives21 and Fallmerayer proposed that Armenians were included in the populations transferred to Peloponnese by the Byzantines. Peloponneseans differ from the Armenians by PCA and ADMIXTURE analysis (Supplementary Figure 3). Collectively, these results are incompatible with the theory of extinction of the medieval Peloponneseans and their replacement by Slavic and Asia Minor settlers.
The medieval ancestry of the populations of Mani
The Maniots differ from all other Peloponneseans by PCA (Figure 1b) and ADMIXTURE (Figure 1e) analysis. They also differ from mainland, island and Asia Minor Greek populations (data not shown) and from all the other populations of Supplementary Figure 4, which have been compared by PCA analysis, but they partially overlap with the Sicilians and the Italians.
In his treatise on the administration of the Byzantine Empire,22 the Emperor Constantin Porphyrogenitus describes how two Slavic tribes, the Mellingi and the Ezeritae, were forced by the Byzantines to withdraw to the slopes of Tayetos. The Mellingi continued to be mentioned in the Peloponnesean history untill the 15th century.23 Because of the writings of Porphyrogenitus we sampled separately the populations of the East and the West slopes of the Tayetos and the Deep Mani. By PCA (Figure 4a) and ADMIXTURE (Figure 4d) the populations of Tayetos are distinct from the populations of the Slavic homeland. Fallmerayer argued that the inhabitants of Deep Mani are of Slavic origin.9 PCA (Figure 4b) and ADMIXTURE (Figure 4d) analyses makes this hypothesis unlikely.
As an alternative origin of the Maniots, Fallmerayer proposed that they are descendants of Mardaites.9 This medieval warrior tribe used to inhabit the mountainous regions between Asia Minor and Syria but in late seventh century CE was resettled by the Byzantines in Asia Minor and other areas of the Empire.24 The Mardaites have disappeared from history but oral tradition claims that they are the ancestors of the Maronites of Lebanon, although this claim has been disputed.25 PCA and ADMIXTURE analyses failed to show any close relationship between Maniots and the Maronites (Supplementary Figure 5).
The question of Slavic ancestry of Tsakones
The Tsakones of the eastern slopes of Mount Parnon differ from all other Peloponneseans (Figures 1b and e) and from all other populations of Supplementary Figure 6 we have compared them. They used to speak a dialect of Doric origin26 which was not comprehended by the other Peloponneseans. Their name was considered by medieval authors to represent a corruption of the word Lacones (Tsakones=Lacones). Fallmerayer argued against a Doric origin of the Tsakones and, instead, proposed that they were the descendants of a Slavic tribe that had migrated to Peloponnese before the flood of the Slavic settlers reached the peninsula. PCA (Figure 4c) and ADMIXTURE (Figure 4d) analyses argue against this hypothesis.
Quantitative assessment of the ancestry of Peloponneseans
To quantify the findings of the ADMIXTURE analyses, we employed a method for the meta-analysis of the ADMIXTURE output that treats the output as a set of vectors in a K-dimensional space (for a particular value of K between four and eight). Each population is then summarized by a single vector (using PCA) and vector space calculus is used in order to identify the percentage of ancestry of a target population that is captured by one or more reference populations. Notice that our choice to summarize each population by a single vector is akin to computing the mean ADMIXTURE output for a particular population. In most cases, ADMIXTURE returns a homogenous structure for a particular population and thus the top principal component is a good summary of the sample vectors returned by ADMIXTURE.
First we focused on the ADMIXTURE analysis of Figure 3c which includes seven Peloponnesean populations (Argolis, Corinthia, Achaea, Elis, Arcadia, Messenia and Laconia), four Slavic populations (Belarusians, Russians, Polish and Ukrainians), three Southern European populations (Italians, Basque and Andalusians) and the French. The results of Table 2 show that there is considerably more shared ancestry between the Peloponneseans and the French, Andalusians and Italians compared to the shared ancestry between the Peloponneseans and the Slavic populations. The average shared ancestry with French ranges from 39 to 42%; with Andalusians from 53 to 62%; and with the Italians from 85 to 96%. In contrast, the average shared ancestry with the Slavic populations is always <15%. Therefore, the Peloponneseans are genetically much more distinct from the Slavic populations and are much more similar to Southern European populations. We also observe that the Basques, (a population that is well-known to be isolated and genetically different from even its neighboring Iberian populations) are very distinct from all populations in our analysis. This is precisely why we included them in these ADMIXTURE meta-analyses: on average Basques share <4% of common ancestry with any Peloponnesean population. Notice that this number is relatively close to the average ancestry shared between the Peloponnesean populations and the Belarusians, Polish and Ukrainians. All these populations share between 5.2 and 8.5% of common ancestry with the Peloponnesean populations. These Slavic populations are, from a genetic perspective, approximately as far apart from the Peloponneseans as are the Basques.
Table 2: Shared ancestry between Peloponnesean populations and Slavic, Italian and other European populationsa Full size table
We next determined the shared ancestry between the five distinct Peloponnesean populations (Deep Mani, West and East Tayetos, North and South Tsakonia), the Slavs, the southern European populations, the French and the Basque. The ADMIXTURE plot of Figure 4d and the data of Table 3 show that the amount of shared ancestry between these five Peloponnesian populations and the Slavic populations is very low. The ancestry Deep Mani shares with Belarusians, Polish and Ukrainians ranges from 0.7 to 1.0%. East and West Tayetos share from 4.9 to 8.6% ancestry with the three Slavic populations which is five to eight times higher than that of Deep Mani but lower to the ancestry the other Peloponnesans share with the Slavs. Slightly lower, compared to the other Peloponneseans, is the ancestry shared between West/East Tayetos and the Russians (8.6–10.9%). The ancestry North and South Tsakonia shares with the Slavs ranges from 4 to 8% and 0.2 to 0.9%, respectively. Compared to the very low ancestry shared with the Slavs, South Tsakonia and Deep Mani share 14 and 25% ancestry with the Italians. North Tsakonia, East and West Tayetos share from 41 to 57% ancestry with the Italians. Again, the Basques are isolated from the five Peloponnesean populations.
The notion that I was never really in San Diego in reporting my piece is ludicrous and demonstrably false. I spent two days in northern San Diego on June 21 and 22 to get a better sense of how Congressman Issa's many outside business interests have intersected with his congressional duties. I observed more than a dozen commercial properties that Mr. Issa has acquired in Vista, Carlsbad and Oceanside to better understand how they were impacted by congressional earmarks he secured in the area; I went to the third floor of his office building to see just how close his congressional office sits from his property management office (it is directly across the bank of elevators); I spoke with tenants who lease from his property management company; I took photos on my cell phone of a Hooters that rents from him, a vacant lot he owns next door, and other properties; I visited the medical plaza that sits directly along a road-widening project for which he secured more than $800,000 in federal earmarks; and I spoke with merchants and local residents impacted by the road widening and other earmarks he has approved in the area.
In our story, we discussed some of the past allegations Mr. Issa has made that turned out to be unfounded, including his attacks on government officials in defense of Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch – two firms with which he has had extensive financial ties in his private business dealings. This baseless attack, sadly, seems to fit that same pattern of slinging mud and seeing what sticks. And it's more than a bit ironic, considering that he has cited a past story of
mine on the White House's contacts with lobbyists as an authoritative source in at least four official committee letters he has written.
Mitt Romney made his final newsworthy post-election pronouncement, explaining to a conference call of big-dollar donors that he had fallen short because President Barack Obama had bribed liberal special interests with expensive gifts.
Here's what he said, according to The New York Times:
“With regards to the young people, for instance, a forgiveness of college loan interest, was a big gift…Free contraceptives were very big with young college-aged women. And then, finally, Obamacare also made a difference for them, because as you know, anybody now 26 years of age and younger was now going to be part of their parents' plan, and that was a big gift to young people. They turned out in large numbers, a larger share in this election even than in 2008 … You can imagine for somebody making $25,000 or $30,000 or $35,000 a year, being told you're now going to get free health care, particularly if you don't have it, getting free health care worth, what, $10,000 per family, in perpetuity, I mean, this is huge … Likewise with Hispanic voters, free health care was a big plus. But in addition with regards to Hispanic voters, the amnesty for children of illegals, the so-called DREAM Act kids, was a huge plus for that voting group.”
Romney's comments about his opponent's “old playbook,” as he called it, again revived a dystopian scenario conservatives have been warning about since the New Deal, where Democrats “buy” a permanent majority and undermine democracy at the cost of the productive class. Using this old myth to explain his defeat illustrates again Romney's disconnect from modern America. He views growing groups—young voters and particularly young women, and Hispanics—as outside special interests, and not as an essential part of the fabric of America.
And it shows the mind of a man who believes that everything is for sale—including, or especially, votes. This is consistent with what I always felt was the most accurate criticism of Romney: that he approached politics as a salesman, offering every group a different pitch. From that perspective, it's easy to see how he could complain about government as a competing salesman, cobbling together constituencies with “gifts”—which sound perilously close to “bribes” in this context.
A final point: President Obama backing the DREAM Act or contraception coverage is not a nakedly political gesture, it is a matter of policy difference. Addressing the needs and desires of people is not a bribe or a government gift to be exchanged for a vote. It is part of the purpose of representative government as conservative forefather Edmund Burke himself once envisioned: “Government is a contrivance of human wisdom to provide for human wants. Men have a right that these wants should be provided for by this wisdom.”
Romney's distance from this perspective about government shows how far the conservative conversation has drifted from original principles. His impulse to rationalize defeat as victory for liberal special-interest bribery shows again that it is probably best for the country that he was not elected president this November.
LONDON (Reuters) - Oil prices are becoming dangerously overheated as speculators anticipate a rebalancing of supply and demand that has barely started, according to many oil analysts.
A worker checks the valve of an oil pipe at the Lukoil company owned Imilorskoye oil field outside the West Siberian city of Kogalym, Russia, January 25, 2016. REUTERS/Sergei Karpukhin
“Even as oil rallies, analysts have barely nudged up their price forecasts as they worry that crude's recent gains might not be sustainable,” notes the Wall Street Journal (“Analysts just aren't buying the oil rally”, April 28).
Many fear hedge funds are pushing up oil prices prematurely, which will lead to a renewed crash when the bubble bursts, as it did after the last big run-up in prices between January and May 2015.
Hedge funds and other money managers have accumulated a record net long position in Brent and WTI futures and options, betting on a further rise in prices equivalent to 656 million barrels of crude.
The net long position has surpassed previous peaks set this time last year (572 million barrels) and before that in June 2014 (621 million) as Islamic State fighters were racing across northern Iraq and just before prices started to crash.
Since the start of 2015, there has been a close correspondence between the accumulation and liquidation of hedge fund positions and short-term movements in oil prices.
The colossal net long position has increased the risk of a reversal in prices if the rally were to run out of momentum and hedge funds were to begin liquidating some of their positions (tmsnrt.rs/1NFrI11).
Stockpiles of crude oil and refined products in the United States and around the world are running at record levels and still increasing, albeit more slowly than a year earlier.
By most estimates, oil production is still running ahead of consumption, although the imbalance has narrowed and could reverse in the second half of 2016 or early 2017.
In the short term, prices have been supported by temporary supply interruptions in Nigeria, Libya and Iraq that may not last.
And even if the market rebalances and moves into a small deficit, it could take several quarters for the enormous overhang of crude and product stocks to fall to more normal levels.
So there are plenty of reasons to be cautious about the sustainability of the current rally and worry that it will run out of steam.
But it would be wrong to assume the run-up in prices was being driven entirely by trend-chasing and macro-focused hedge funds.
Fundamentals are clearly improving on the supply and demand sides of the market and it is now possible to identify a trajectory that will bring production and consumption back to balance.
SUPPLY AND DEMAND
Gasoline consumption in the United States is apparently on track for another year of exceptionally strong growth in 2016.
Consumption has been steadily revised up from a predicted increase of just 10,000 barrels per day (0.1 percent) in December to 130,000 bpd (1.4 percent) in April (“Short-Term Energy Outlook”, U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA)).
Road traffic is growing strongly and shows no sign of leveling off. Volumes were up 5 percent in February compared with a year earlier and have shown consistent growth averaging around 3.5 percent in recent months (tmsnrt.rs/1NFsdIo).
Vehicle buyers are increasingly choosing larger and more fuel-hungry sport-utility vehicles and especially crossover-utility vehicles rather than smaller, more energy-efficient cars.
Car sales as a proportion of all new-vehicle purchases have dropped from 52 percent in 2009 to 44 percent in 2015 and are forecast to slide to just 41 percent in 2016, according to industry analytics firm Wards Auto.
The balance is made up of sport-utility vehicles, pick-ups, light vans and especially crossover-utility vehicles, which are the fastest-growing segment of new vehicle sales.
Similar trends are evident in India and China. Traffic is growing strongly and car buyers are opting for larger and more fuel-hungry vehicles, leading to rapid growth in gasoline consumption (tmsnrt.rs/1NFsxXt).
In contrast to gasoline, consumption of middle distillates used as diesel and heating oil has stagnated thanks to a warmer-than-normal winter and the worldwide slowdown in freight growth.
Warmer weather helped cut home heating oil consumption by 45 percent in winter 2015/16 compared with the previous year (“Strong El Nino helps reduce U.S. winter heating demand and fuel prices”, EIA, April 25).
But with La Nina conditions building up quickly near the coast of Peru, there is a strong likelihood that winter 2016/17 will be cooler and boost fuel demand (“Mini La Nina has emerged in eastern Pacific”, Reuters, April 26).
In recent weeks, the global economic outlook has also improved, compared with the gloomy predictions at the turn of the year, which suggests the major economies will avoid recession.
The worst of the commodity-slump-induced shock is now probably past. Provided the global economy continues growing, freight demand should gradually start expanding again, and with it, diesel consumption (tmsnrt.rs/1XXSPoi).
Global oil demand grew by 1.8 million bpd last year, the fastest for more than a decade, outside the immediate post-crisis rebound, and is predicted to grow by another 1.2 million bpd in 2016.
Global oil supply from outside the Persian Gulf and Russia is now falling rapidly and expected to decline at the fastest rate for more than 25 years in 2016.
U.S. oil production has already declined by more than 500,000 bpd between April 2015 and January 2016 and is forecast to fall by a further 960,000 bpd by the end of the year (“Short-Term Energy Outlook”, EIA, April 2016).
Non-OPEC supplies overall are forecast to fall by an average of 700,000 bpd in 2016, with the biggest declines in the second half, according to the International Energy Agency (“Oil Market Report”, IEA, April 2016).
The two sides of the oil market are now rebalancing rapidly in response to the plunge in prices over the last 20 months.
Like any commodity market, the oil market is forward-looking. Just as it began discounting the emergence of excess supplies in the summer of 2014, it is now discounting the emergence of excess demand in spring 2016.
Like other markets, oil is prone to overshooting; it can be argued plausibly that prices have risen too far, too fast.
But it is also true that market fundamentals are now changing quite quickly; and it can also be argued plausibly that hedge funds are simply reflecting and accelerating that shift.
On January 1, 2017, the KHI News Service became part of KCUR public radio's new initiative, the Kansas News Service . The Kansas News Service will continue to cover health policy news and broaden its scope to include education and politics. All stories produced by the former KHI News Service are archived here . Stories and photos may be republished at no cost with proper attribution and a link back to KHI.org.
Kiley Klug and Tiffanie Krentz had just finished giving emotional testimony about their children's persistent seizures during Wednesday's hearing on legalizing cannabis oil when Sen. Ralph Ostmeyer spoke up.
Ostmeyer, a veteran Republican legislator from a sprawling rural district in western Kansas, told the women he understood, because he has a 36-year-old daughter who was only expected to live to age 10.
“She's missing part of the brain, our daughter is, that controls all motor (skills) and so on,” said Ostmeyer, of Grinnell. “We think that she's looking out at us, trying to tell us something, but she can't talk. So I understand what you went through. I see all the different medications. We've been there, done that.”
Ostmeyer did not say whether he'd support House Bill 2049, which last session became the first medical marijuana bill to pass the Kansas House.
But momentum appears to be building for the narrow bill, which allows only cannabis oil solutions with less than 3 percent THC — too little to produce the “high” associated with recreational marijuana — to treat seizure disorders. The bill would also legalize industrial hemp and lessen penalties for first and second convictions of possessing small amounts of marijuana. But most of Wednesday's testimony focused on the oil provision.
Advocacy groups pull support
The author of that part of the bill, Rep. John Wilson, emphasized its differences from broader medical marijuana legislation that has never advanced in Kansas, where legislators fear legalization will increase drug abuse.
Those differences have split the medical marijuana community.
The state's main advocacy groups supported an earlier version of Wilson's bill that would have allowed Kansans to petition a state advisory board for higher THC marijuana compounds and permitted treatment of more medical conditions.
After that part was stripped from the bill, groups like Bleeding Kansas and the Kansas Association of Medical Cannabis Advocates pulled their support.
“We are just neutral on this whole issue at this point,” said Lisa Sublett, the leader of Bleeding Kansas.
Sublett said she believes her group has the same goals as many of those who support Wilson's hemp oil legislation, but the current version of the bill leaves out too many people with other medical conditions.
Tracy Robles, who heads the Kansas Association of Medical Cannabis Advocates, said her daughter suffers from seizures but would not see any benefit from the oil allowed in HB 2049 unless more THC were permitted.
“We are just neutral on this whole issue at this point.” - Lisa Sublett, the leader of Bleeding Kansas, a medical marijuana advocacy group
Wilson, a Democrat from Lawrence in a Legislature with overwhelming Republican majorities, said he's trying to craft a bill that could provide some medical benefit but is narrow enough to have a chance of passing. He said dissatisfaction on both sides might signal the bill is reaching that tunnel.
“I recognize the bill may not go far enough for some,” Wilson said. “But I also recognize there's only a certain type of bill that can pass right now in this political environment.”
Desperate to try
The benefits of treating seizures with cannabis oil high in cannabidoil, or CBD, but low in THC are still in dispute. Early studies showed improvement for as many as 80 percent of users, but sample sizes were extremely low and subsequent studies suggest only about 30 percent might benefit. More comprehensive study has been hamstrung by marijuana's status as a Schedule I drug at the federal level.
Klug and Krentz acknowledged that the oil allowed by HB 2049 might not help their children but said they're desperate to try.
Klug was accompanied at Wednesday's Senate Corrections and Juvenile Justice Committee hearing by her husband and their young son Owen, who uses a wheelchair.
She said traditional medications, a special diet and a nerve-block implant have reduced Owen's seizures from hundreds a day to about 20. But those 20 seem intractable.
“Epilepsy is simply a prison that Owen cannot escape,” Klug said.
Krentz also was accompanied by her husband. But her son, J.J., was not able to attend the hearing. He's an adolescent whose persistent seizures have kept him at the developmental level of a 3 or 4 year old. Because of J.J.'s cognitive and physical needs, the family was no longer able to care for him at home. He lives at Parsons State Hospital.
“That was not a decision we took lightly,” Krentz said.
Krentz said the staff at Parsons has been amazing and her son is doing well there. Although J.J.'s doctors have tried 16 medications, his seizures persist. Krentz said she and her husband recently signed a medical order instructing doctors not to resuscitate J.J. if he suffers a catastrophic seizure that leaves him comatose.
Castle Rock State Park, a scenic expanse of forests, rocky outcroppings and breathtaking views to the Pacific Ocean that lies between Silicon Valley and the redwood forests of the Santa Cruz Mountains, is getting a 21st century upgrade.
For more travel coverage from the San Francisco Bay Area and beyond
follow us on Flipboard.
In one of the largest improvement projects to any Bay Area state park in recent years, work began this week on a grand new entrance to Castle Rock, a 5,200-acre landscape located on Skyline Boulevard at the border of Santa Clara and Santa Cruz counties. The park has been popular for nearly 50 years with hikers and rock climbers.
“This is an amazing park,” said Sara Barth, executive director of the Sempervirens Fund, a Los Altos environmental group spearheading the project. “Steve Jobs used to come here to clear his head during his early days at Apple.”
But the park has suffered from severe funding shortages, a lack of rangers, a cramped gravel parking lot and pit toilets at its current entrance.
“A lot of people enjoy it despite the minimal facilities,” Barth said. “But for others, that's been a barrier. We are really looking to raise the visibility of the park and make it more accessible to everybody.”
Construction of the new entrance is expected to be finished by next May. The project includes a new parking lot for 90 cars with pavement that allows water to seep through and recharge groundwater, along with a modern restroom with flush toilets, new trails, a picnic area and a rustic ampitheater for up to 60 people to allow talks for schoolchildren about wildlife, local history and other topics.
The project is more than eight years in the making. In 2010, Sempervirens — named for the Latin word for redwood tree, Sequoia sempervirens — paid $1.55 million to purchase a 33-acre Christmas tree farm from the Whalen family. The property sits adjacent to the existing entrance at Castle Rock.
This week, crews with heavy machinery began cutting down the trees, many of which have grown to more than 25 feet high. They will be chopped into mulch and used on the trails.
California State Parks officials say they are excited to see the park's renewal.
“This park is sort of the gateway for Silicon Valley and the South Bay to access the redwoods,” said Chris Spohrer, superintendent of State Parks' Santa Cruz district.
“Castle Rock is a jewel of a park,” he said. “And the facilities we have are not commensurate with that. We'd like the public to have a new and wonderful entrance experience.”
Sempervirens Fund raised money and won approval from the Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors in 2014. So far it has spent $6.7 million on the design, planning, permitting and construction of the project.
Barth said the group is still seeking to raise about $1.3 million to cover the rest of its costs, which were higher than originally planned because of high construction prices in the booming economy. Plans also originally called for construction of a 6,000-square-foot visitor's center. That part is on hold, however, because it will take more money — and because State Parks says it doesn't have the money to pay for staff at a visitor's center.
Spohrer said State Parks remains in talks with Sempervirens. If the organization and the state agency can agree on an endowment or other funding source to cover those costs, he said, a visitor's center still could happen.
Sempervirens is no stranger to the Santa Cruz Mountains. Without it, many of the area's ancient redwood forests would have been cut down long ago. In 1900, San Jose photographer Andrew P. Hill, alarmed at how loggers were clear-cutting 2,000-year-old redwoods for fence posts and railroad ties, formed the Sempervirens Club.
The group convinced the state Legislature to purchase 3,800 acres of redwoods near Boulder Creek in 1902 for permanent protection. That established Big Basin Redwoods State Park and began California's state parks system.
Since changing its name to Sempervirens Fund in the 1960s, the organization has preserved more than 34,000 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains, including most of the land at Castle Rock, Portola, Butano and Big Basin state parks.
When State Parks has run short of money, Sempervirens has often stepped in. When Gov. Jerry Brown proposed closing 70 state parks in 2011 to balance the state budget, Sempervirens put up the money to keep Castle Rock open. This past spring it donated $15,000 so State Parks could clear downed trees and re-open the Skyline-to-the-Sea Trail, a 31-mile-long hiking trail that Sempervirens volunteers built from 1969 to 1976 with the Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts, Sierra Club and other organizations.
Castle Rock itself was established in 1968 when Dorothy Varian, widow of Silicon Valley pioneer Russell Varian, donated money to buy the first 566 acres. The park, which has 34 miles of hiking trails, tent campsites and unique rock formations that climbers use to train for bigger challenges like Yosemite National Park, celebrates its 50th birthday next summer.
There are still some issues surrounding the new project.
“I have a concern about the increase in the number of cars and the impact of the number of people in the area,” said Miles Standish, a former State Parks ranger who worked at Castle Rock. “Right now if you look at the trail system, it's pretty heavily impacted.”
“It's not a problem if the visitation goes up,” said Standish, a direct descendant of the famous Pilgrim. “It's a problem if you have too many people in one spot.”
Standish said he'd like to see the park close the existing gravel lot after the new one opens, and for Caltrans and other agencies to better limit parking along Skyline Boulevard, which is also known as Highway 35. On busy weekends, dozens of people park there when the lot is full or to avoid paying the $8 entrance fee.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
“People now park on the highway on both sides,” said Santa Cruz County Supervisor Bruce McPherson. “You see mothers pushing their children in strollers down the road on the shoulder. This project will get people off the highway, and it will be much safer.”
Which city has the largest Hungarian population after Budapest? London, is the surprise answer. Up to 400,000 Hungarians have left the home country in the past 5-6 years, with around half of them moving to the British capital. What makes these figures so alarming is that it's fairly recent phenomenon; the country does not have a tradition of mass emigration. Economic hard times at home is normally cited as the main reason for leaving, but, as Euronews' Brussels correspondent Andrea Hajagos found out a sombre social and political environment are also factors. She spoke to Hungarian expatriates from all walks of life in London and Vienna.
In England the state leaves people alone, doesn't bother us as much as in Hungary, doesn't inhibit us or put so much weight on our shoulders
Watch her report to find out more.
Political satire has a long and honorable history: Aristophanes, William Shakespeare, Jonathan Swift; W.S. Gilbert; George Orwell; Lenny Bruce; Dick Gregory; Tom Lehrer, David Frost, and That Was the Week That Was; George Carlin; Spitting Image, Yes, Minister; the Smothers Brothers; the early Saturday Night Live, Dave Barry, The Onion, South Park, Family Guy, and so many more. Unfortunately, while it would be a slight exaggeration to say that political satire is dead in America, it's been on the critical list for some time. That's too bad. We need it more than ever.
Throughout history, satirists have risked their liberty and even their lives using humor to engage in deep commentary about the reigning political system and its exalted political figures—they're called leaders, though surely better terms are rulers and misleaders. But no satirist risks his life or liberty in America today, which makes the scarcity of good satire so puzzling. Does it fear that keeps it safely limited? Or is it simply that so few people today can see the fundamental flaws in the American political system, which trashes liberty in so many ways?
You tell me.
By now most people who pay attention to these things know that The Daily Show's host, Jon Stewart, who is probably regarded as America's premier political satirist, felt it necessary to recant after apparently uttering a heresy according to America's civic religion: democracy.
In an election-day interview on CNN, Christiane Amanpour asked Stewart if he had voted. He said, “No”—to which Amanpour reacted with (or perhaps feigned) amazement, “No?!”
Stewart continued, “I just moved. I don't even know where my thing is now.”
That night on his own show, Stewart, after assuring his audience that he has known where “his thing” is since age 13, acknowledged that his answer created “a bit of a story.” So he felt compelled to say,
To set the record straight, I did vote today.… I was being flip, and it kind of took off. I shouldn't have been flip about that.… It sent a message that I didn't think voting was important or that I didn't think it was a big issue. And I do, and I did vote. I was being flip, and I shouldn't have done that. That was stupid. So, I apologize.
Where to begin?
First off, how did his flip answer create “a bit of a story”? He's a comedian for heaven's sake! Several nights a week he makes fun of politicians and government bungling! He does flip for a living! Who got upset with his reply, aside from U.S. Secretary of War Amanpour? Whether one believed Stewart's answer or not, how in the world was it the stuff of public controversy? Does no one have a sense of humor? Must he say “just kidding” after every sentence?
Maybe one reason political satire is so scarce is that Americans don't get it. Paul Fussell, who wrote excellent books on how war degrades culture, said that World War II killed Americans' sense of irony. (See his Wartime.) We have here good evidence for Fussell's claim.
But even allowing for the irony-impairment of American culture, did Stewart really feel he had to apologize? Did he think he'd lose his audience if he became known as one who is “flip” about the holy rite of voting? I realize that ratings are a matter of life and death, but come on. I doubt that his career was in jeopardy. He might have even picked up a few viewers.
My son, Ben Richman, a fine rock guitarist who also has a keen eye for politics, had a different take on Facebook:
I don't think he was giving into public pressure, either. I think he genuinely felt that joking about it was wrong. At the end of the day, Stewart loves the system.
I'm inclined to agree. After all, he favors mandatory national “service”:
There should be a draft where every young person has to do one year of something — military, public works — something so that we all feel invested in the same game, because that's the part that we've lost. [Emphasis added.]
Stewart can be funny when he pokes fun at politicians for their gaffes and indiscretions, and occasionally he ventures into a minefield. (He's done some surprisingly good stuff on Israel.) But if you watch closely, you'll see that he doesn't plunge the dagger in too deep. He is a man of the system, a progressive, of course. Thus, he believes government is good, the more active the better. He rarely gets down to fundamentals, and on the rare occasion when he does, he quickly retreats.
Remember when in 2009 he called President Harry Truman a “war criminal” for the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki, which killed or maimed nearly 200,000 Japanese civilians? Now, actually that statement was neither satirical nor ironic. It was the unvarnished truth. Truman's victims threatened no one, and the war was essentially over. Yet those civilians were subjected to the most ghastly of fates. Some were vaporized on the spot, literally leaving only their shadows behind. And don't forget that Truman dropped the second bomb three days later. He considered dropping a third, but decided he didn't want to kill any more children. Reading about what the victims' experienced will turn your stomach, if you have a scintilla of decency in you.
Marco Donadel. 31. A Serie A veteran past his prime.
There's something about the Montreal Impact's first major signing of the off-season that sounds awfully familiar, doesn't it? It's just the kind of move that former sporting director Nick De Santis would have made during his reign as the club's sporting director.
Except De Santis isn't in charge anymore—or is he?
Well, it turns out that it was De Santis who lured Donadel to Montreal. He was the one who met the defensive midfielder in Italy last October, invited him to train with the Impact for 10 days and then played a part in the negotiations to have him sign in Montreal.
All this happened even though club president Joey Saputo said that De Santis would have to “pay the price” for the dismal plight of the Impact during the 2014 MLS season and would no longer have any say in technical matters in his new role as “director of international business development.”
SPORTSNET.CA's Soccer Central podcast, hosted by John Molinaro and James Sharman, takes an in-depth look at the beautiful game and offers timely and thoughtful analysis on the sport's biggest issues. To listen and subscribe to the podcast, CLICK HERE
But Donadel's arrival comes just one week after Adam Braz was signed as the club's new technical director, and he also happened to be approached by De Santis.
And then, of course, it's difficult to understand the logic behind Donadel's signing. He does bring plenty of experience and tactical nous, but he hasn't played a whole lot over the last three seasons. In his first two campaigns with Napoli after joining from Fiorentina in the summer of 2011, he was bothered by injuries and only played in four league games. Last season he was loaned out to Hellas Verona and made 19 appearances.
With the departures of Hernan Bernardello and Collen Warner, coupled with an aging Patrice Bernier taking on a more substitute role, the Impact needed two new starting center midfielders. But will Donadel be able to stay healthy in a league that's more physically demanding?
Even when Donadel was at his best with Fiorentina, he was always a run-of-the-mill kind of player. He was never a very creative midfielder; his best asset was breaking up play in midfield and keeping things simple.
Montreal does need players in midfield who can cover ground and break up play—they missed that last season. But it remains to be seen whether Donadel, who turns 32 next April, will be able to do that effectively, especially in MLS where games are more open than they are in Serie A.
Impact coach Frank Klopas called Donadel's signing a “huge” one for the club. Even if he does remain healthy it's hard to agree.
At the end of this past regular season, Klopas said that the Impact needed to get younger and more athletic. In that respect, Donadel's signing makes little sense.
And he probably won't be cheap either.
Klopas did, however, insist this week that Donadel's signature is only the first of many. Considering what the Impact currently have in their roster, the next signing ought to bring something different.
Nick Sabetti is a Montreal-based writer. Follow him on Twitter.
The Toronto Marlies started out rather well this weekend, with a pair of wins (4-3 on Saturday, 5-1 on Sunday). Lots of reasons can be given for their success, be it Drew MacIntyre's stellar performances between the pipes, Trevor Smith's early leadership, or the strong penalty kill. But most glowing were a pair of offensive defencemen, who were united on the first powerplay unit (which, despite going ‘just' 3 for 16, was littered with shots and scoring chances). John Michael Liles was expected to dominate. T.J. Brennan showed preseason promise. Together, they were the catalysts of a surprisingly potent offense to begin the year.
T.J. Brennan
I probably don't have to tell you how good T.J. Brennan was this weekend. The American Hockey League will do that for you; naming him AHL player of the week to open the season. Playing with Stuart Percy during even strength, and John-Michael Liles with a man advantage, Brennan has four goals and two assists in a pair of games. Not bad for a defenceman.
"I think that's a first for me there," said Brennan of his hat trick in the first game. "Now that I'm in my fifth year of pro, I just want to start the season off simple. Sometimes you try to do a little too much, but when you're playing with really good players, you just want to get the puck to the net. Things seemed to be going our way."
Games like that will come as a statement of NHL readiness to Leafs management, but with the depth that the entire organization has in the position, he knows that there's more to prove. "I just want to show that I'm not a liability defensively. Being more offensive, its a give and take, that defence isn't a first priority. But that's not my thing. I want to show that I can do well defensively as well, and be put in any situation. Once you go up to the NHL, I've had a taste of it, guys are quicker there. I just really want to keep the puck out of our net."
Brennan's first goal on Saturday was a wrist shot from just beyond the hashmarks, and was followed by a very, very patiently taken slapper from the point. The last goal? A little wackier, a puck thrown towards the net that somehow landed in it (I thought David Broll tucked it in at first glance, personally). "It seemed like Broller was going to the net, and it was kind of a hope play, you know? You're not expecting that, but you throw it to the net and good things happen."
T.J. is another player that was excited to join the organization when he signed in July. "I've played against these guys the last couple of years, and we've always had good battles. Last year, having a good season and being called up to the NHL was huge. The minute they came up to me in free agency, it was my first choice. It seemed like a good fit."
Brennan's biggest advantage, from my perspective, is his shot. His slapshot is hard, and accurate (with a similar technical motion to Ilya Kovalchuk's; though Brennan says he has no influences). His wrister is far from world class, but more than respectable for even an NHL defenceman. As he said himself, improved defensive play will make him into a regular NHL player, and this may be the right environment for him to work on that side of his game.
John-Michael Liles
As I talked about a few days ago, John-Michael Liles is taking his salary-not-hockey-driven demotion to the AHL in stride. Speaking of strides, he's about four of those ahead of the rest of the American Hockey League. While he only had one point this weekend, it was very obvious that he was on another level from both his teammates and his opponents. I didn't get a chance to speak with him after either game, but his teammates were quite happy with him.
"It's huge. We were moving around well in practice, and he just knows what to do. I'm just trying to read off of him. You always know he's going to make smart plays. I'm kind of the lucky one, I'm trying to get open, and usually he's making great passes." said T.J. Brennan. The time that Brennan has spent with him has been almost entirely on the powerplay (with the exception of a 5-on-3 penalty kill), and he thinks that Liles plays a huge role with the man-advantage. "That's the thing about PP's. If you have a lot of guys that are threats out there, especially a guy like him, nobody knows who to go to. Johnny's an All-Star in the NHL. Having him down here is great, he's a huge threat. He'll be great for the team."
Trevor Smith was also pleased with him. "He's great to have. He's very sturdy on the back end. Looking for plays, he's talking, he's a true leader out there for us. That's big for our young d-core."
"What he does, is he's always talking on the bench. He's calming down the guys that are on that back end, and he really is a surrogate coach." said Steve Spott of his player. "His experience and his leadership is invaluable for us right now."
Even strength, he is playing with rookie Petter Granberg. Granberg's play is having been standard fare for how he's been scouted; steady, positional defence. This allows for Liles to jump up and instigate the offensive play, whether it's playing as a third winger or getting a head start on setting up a traditional play. His skating shines the brightest. Already great at the NHL level, it's almost unfair to watch here. Skating ability is the biggest gap between the two leagues, and it shows when he hits the ice.
I expect that Liles will be back in the NHL before he knows it. In what respect? It remains to be seen. Maybe a team is so impressed with his play that they make a low-risk trade. Maybe the Leafs call him back up if they send Morgan Rielly to Moose Jaw. Maybe he becomes the go-to replacement during defensive injuries for the blue and white. Or maybe they try to assign him and re-waive him on a monthly basis until somebody claims him. No matter what the case, if he keeps playing like this, he'll be back in the NHL soon. He certainly deserves it.
Photo courtesy of Christian Bonin / TSGPhoto.com
Apple Pay goes live with smaller Australian banks and credit unions
Alex Kidman 15 November 2016 NEWS
Customers whose banks use Cuscal as their payments processor can now access Apple Pay.
It was only last week that Cuscal announced that it had signed a deal that would see 31 of its partner financial institutions, including a range of smaller banks and credit unions, adopt Apple Pay as a payment processing platform with the promise that Apple Pay would be available "soon".
Soon in this context is today, with many of the insitutions on Cuscal's original list announcing Apple Pay compatibility from today. The move expands the number of institutions offering Apple Pay quite markedly, as previously it had been open only to ANZ and American Express Card customers where the card was issued by American Express itself. The other big three banks are engaged in an ongoing fight with Apple over access to the NFC hardware that enables contactless payments. Apple argues that the big banks aren't interested in competition in the payments space.
Not every financial institution initially named by Cuscal (you can check the list here) appears to have jumped on board just yet. While several larger outlets, including Teachers Mutual Bank and Bank Australia, are displaying Apple Pay compatibility notices on their homepages, a number of other smaller financial institutions are not displaying an indication that they're doing so. That may be because they plan to come on board with Apple Pay at some later stage, or could simply be that they haven't updated their sites. they're not displaying it directly on the respective web sites just yet. If you're not sure if your bank or credit union has activated the service, the best move would be to contact it directly.
Cuscal had already signed a deal that allowed its banks and credit unions to adopt Android Pay as well, which means that customers of those institutions now have access to a wide range of contactless, smartphone-based payment solutions. Check our list of banks offering Android Pay and banks offering Apple Pay to see who is on board.
Each time you take a photo, that image is copyrighted. Assuming that you can prove that you took a specific photo, then misuse of that photo could lead to monetary compensation. But the truth is that most intellectual property lawyers won't touch your case unless the image has been registered with the US Copyright Office. A copyright protects forms of “authorship” (as opposed to trademarks and patents which protect marks and inventions), and registration confers significant legal benefits to the photographer, namely that you can claim statutory damages of up to $150,000 per image infringed.
A non-registered image isn't eligible for statutory damages, however, the infringed party can seek actual damages and “disgorged” profits (which in some cases can exceed the statutory limit). The amount of compensation can vary in size, and based on a judge's interpretation of “willfulness” of the infringer.
For example, if a nefarious publisher uses your unregistered image of a grizzly bear in a magazine, you might be able to claim a few hundred dollars (i.e. not enough to pay the lawyer). But if the image is registered, you could get up to $150,000 in statutory damages.
Nuances of “Infringement”
Statutory infringements are assessed on a per-image basis, with a single award available even if there are multiple infringements. If the nefarious publisher uses the grizzly bear image in a brochure and an ad, you're only eligible for $150k in statutory damages, not $300k.
Additionally, if the nefarious publisher grabbed your images from a single magazine, or single website, there is also only one statutory damage available. The essay of grizzly bears ripped from your website and used in an ad is still only eligible for $150k.
Registration has a huge benefit, so make sure you register your images regularly.
There are numerous resources on how to register images manually, so we'll focus on electronic copyright registration.
Electronic Registration
In 2008, the US Copyright Office began accepting electronic registration of images through their eCO system (Electronic Copyright Office). Prior to that, a photographer had to burn a CD or DVD of work, fill out a form, and mail in the application with a check. Electronic registration has several key benefits over manual registration:
– Lower filing fee of $35 (per case, which may include multiple images)
– Faster processing times
– Online status tracking
– Online payment
– Online upload of images
Create an Account
Fill out your name and login information.
Fill out your address information. Remember, some of this information will be in the public domain, so if you have privacy concerns, you might want to use a P.O. Box.
Agreeing to the US Copyright Offices terms is done by clicking “Next”.
You are automatically logged in and forwarded to the homepage.
Navigating the System
Navigating eCO isn't particularly intuitive, nor is the system very bulletproof (i.e. I've encountered a lot of errors from which I could not recover). Here are a few hints:
Make sure you hit “Save for Later” whenever you can to avoid unnecessary data loss. Unfortunately, when you click “Save for Later,” you're always redirected to the homepage.
From the homepage, any incomplete applications are referred to as “Working Cases”
Click on the claim # to continue editing
Here's where it gets weird. When you click on the case #, you are taken to the summary page for the case. The only way to navigate to the different pages of the case, is by clicking the “back” button in the page (not the browser back button). There is a table on the right of the screen that shows you where you are, but it's not clickable.
Registration is a multi-part process:
1) Fill out information about your images and upload your images.
2) Add that “case” to your shopping cart (because each “case” has a separate registration fee).
3) Checkout/final submission.
Published or Not?
Before you start the process, you need to separate out images that have been published vs. unpublished. Even though you can submit lots of different content, you cannot mix published and unpublished content, so make sure you have organized your work accordingly.
What is Published?
Books and magazines are obvious forms of publication. The copyright office is a bit more vague as to whether putting an image on a website constitutes publication. Specifically, they indicate:
“However, ‘publication' may include the public distribution of copies by means of electronic transmission (e.g. over the internet). The applicant, who knows the facts surrounding distribution of copies of a work, must determine whether the work has been published or not”
PART 1:
Filing a Claim
Click the “Register a new claim” link on the right navigation. Note that the US Copyright Office uses “claim” and “case” interchangeably during this process. There are three main parts of electronic registration, and the system will take you through them serially.
Click “Start Registration” to begin.
Select the type of registration. For photos, select “Work of the Visual Arts”.
Your images need to be aggregated – whether logically or arbitrarily. We do this by creating a Title of the work. Click the “New” button to proceed.
In most cases, you will select “Title of work being registered” when you have related images. The title of this work can be anything description. For example:
– President Obama's Inauguration
– John and Nancy's Wedding Reception
– Dance Images from July 2008
You could also have more arbitrary groupings:
– My Work 1999 – 2009
– Ziggy Zaggy xlkdj!
Click “Save” when you've entered the information.
There's no limit to the number of images that you can register at one time, and since the registration fee is per submission, it makes sense to add as many unregistered images as possible. You can continue to add Titles as needed.
You should have predetermined whether the works you are registered have been published or not. Select the appropriate option. Non-published works only require a year of completion.
Published works additionally require a date of publication and nation of first publication. Published works have to be grouped per publication per claim (aka “unit of publication”) because there is no way to affix multiple dates of publication to the form — i.e. only images from a single publication on a single date can be included. If your images don't fall into this category, you have to either 1) submit then electronically under different claims (and therefore incur more fees), or 2) use the paper form VA. You cannot mix unpublished outtakes with your published images.
The Author is most likely you, so click the “Add Me” link, and fill out the form. Even if you have a business name, you still might not want the “organization” to hold the copyright. “Domicile” is your country of residence.
The Claimant is you, unless you have transferred your copyright. So click “Add Me” once again.
Unless you are an “visual artist,” you probably have not based your photos on previous works. So 99% of the time, you'll skip this section by clicking “Next.” However, if you are creating composite images that use multiple source images (particularly those not shot by you), then this section is of importance.
Rights & Permissions Contact gives you a way to affix public contact information to the images. So if someone finds your image through the Copyright office, they will also be able to see this optional contact information.
The Correspondent information is who the Copyright Office will communicate with if questions arise. In most cases, that's probably you, so click “Add Me”.
Mail Certificate is where your registration will be mailed. In most cases, that's probably you, so click “Add Me.”
Unless you're in litigation or engaging in litigation, leave the “Special Handling” blank and click “Next.” (Also note that there is an additional $685 fee for special handling.)
Fill out the Certification page, and check “Upload electronic file.” The uploading of files is done after you pay for the registration. Any claim that hasn't been submitted yet has the status of “working.”
PART 2:
Adding the Claim to your Cart and Payment
Review your submission to check for any errors. When you are satisfied with the contents, click the “Add to Cart” link.
After you've added the claim to your cart, you can review it once more before proceeding to the payment by clicking “Checkout”
Select your payment of Credit Card/ACH or Deposit Acct.
Payment is transacted on pay.gov, which is run by the US Treasury. A warning screen indicates that you are leaving the eCO site.
If you're paying via ACH, fill out the top box. If you're using a credit card, fill out the bottom box. This non-intuitive layout is courtesy of the US Government.
If the transaction is successful, you'll be redirected back to the eCO site. Click “Next” to upload your images.
PART 3:
Uploading Files
Usually, you'll be registering multiple images at once. In this case, I suggest creating a zip file of images. The Copyright Office doesn't give any specifics on the size of an image, but clearly, it has to hold enough detail to be identifiable. I've settled on a 300 pixel wide image, which I create using the “Image Processor” function in Photoshop.
Because you might be submitting multiple titles, it makes sense to name the zip files similarly to your titles. File names don't really matter, although, it makes sense to adopt a logical naming structure in case your images get scrambled somewhere along the way. You definitely should embed meta data into the image (copyright and contact information).
The upload mechanism will time out after 30 minutes, so depending on the speed of your connection, you'll have to figure out what size ZIP file you can upload without running into problems. Once you've completed the upload, you'll receive a confirmation notice.
Many high volume shooters mail a DVD or CD because they've encountered issues with the timeout even when they have small thumbnails. Note that the registration date is not when you submit the form, but when the Copyright Office receives your images.
Click the “Upload Deposit” link on the appropriate Case# line to submit your images. DO NOT click “DONE” until you've uploaded your images!
Select a file(s) from your computer by clicking the browse button. The Item Title should correspond to the work's title that you entered during the initial process. Click “submit files to copyright office”
A progress window will give you a status of the upload.
You will see a success message upon completion. Click “Close Window.”
When we tried it, we didn't see the attachments appear in the section below. But since we had a confirmation number, we assumed everything was ok. Click “Done” to finish up the claim. You are redirected to the homepage.
The case is listed as “open” once you have submitted it, but while it's awaiting a response from the Copyright Office.
You will receive two e-mails:
an Acknowledgement of Receipt from the US Copyright Office
a payment confirmation from Pay.Gov
You can always check on the status of the registration by logging back into eCO.
How long does it take?
From start to finish, it took about an hour to complete the process of:
– Creating an account
– Familiarizing myself with the screens
– Creating a case and adding the information
– Resizing and zipping up the images
– Submitting payment
– Uploading the images
For multiple “titles” under a single case, I suspect the bulk of the time will be in organizing, resizing and uploading the images. The main impediment to working faster in the eCO site is really the usability and interface design.
Notification
On July 8, 2009, less than two months after the images were submitted, I received a notification from the Copyright Office of the successful registration.
FAQ
Do images that are delivered to a client constitute “publication”?
Not necessarily. The Copyright Act states that delivery to a “group of persons” can be publication, but most experts think delivery of files to a company would generally fail the litmus test for publication.
Are there consequences for mis-registering an image as published or unpublished?
If in doubt, register the image as published. The Copyright office allows you to amend the registration from published to unpublished, but not the other way around. There is also no need (nor should you) re-register an image when it moves from unpublished to published. The risk is that you lose an infringement on a technicality, which we don't want to happen.
I heard that I can group different publications together in the same registration. But you said no. What's up?
The paper form allows you to register multiple publications, but the eCO system does not.
I put images up on my personal website. Does that constitute publication?
Absolutely. You must register these images as “published.”
APPENDIX:
I'd like to extend a huge thanks to Jeff Sedlik of the PLUS Coalition for correcting a number of factual issues regarding copyright law and the registration process. Jeff has worked directly with the US Copyright Office for several years to elucidate and improve the registration process for photographers.
This information is for educational purposes only, and does not constitute legal advice.
Like this: Like Loading...
Most of us experience some degree of culture shock upon arriving in Singapore. But this story is one that we hadn't heard before. Mandy Gray explains why her first few months in Singapore sent her spiralling back to her childhood and helped her gain a greater acceptance of herself.
I guess you could say I have always stood out from the crowd. While sometimes that was based on an extremely positive event (like winning the cake walk at a carnival or placing first in a speech competition), most of the time it was because I was Korean in a Midwest US metropolis.
I was adopted from Seoul, South Korea when I was just three months old. People often ask what it was like to find out I was adopted, but really, I don't remember. It was something I always knew, understood, and loved my parents even more for, because of their choice. The gift of life is always precious, but I grew up feeling special because, in a way, my parents chose me.
Raised in Omaha, Nebraska, my sister (also adopted from Korea) and I were two of only a handful of non-white students at our elementary school. I remember being teased for my squinty eyes, asked why I didn't look like my parents, and even told that my olive skin looked green. For any young girl who dreams that her puppy love crush will approach her with wide eyes on the schoolyard, the last thing she wants to hear is “Why don't you have normal eyelids?” Needless to say, having low self-esteem and not understanding where I fitted in, I had few friends growing up. Thankfully though, through the haze of childhood teasing, I had a strong big sister and a loving family to comfort me each night.
As we got older, the teasing stopped, but the damaged feelings lasted a bit longer. While I continued to struggle with acceptance through junior high and high school, as I reached college I finally began to realise it was I who had to accept who I was. Letting go of the past and focusing on my strengths instead, my confidence began to build and, believe it or not, I started to like the fact that I stood out.
Once in college, I began to embrace the fact that, walking into any room, I would stand out for my beautiful differences. I began to enjoy the positive attention, but while my outside was unique, inside I was still culturally aligned with all of my friends.
I remember that in one of my undergraduate classes, we did a demographics activity where the instructor kept separating the class based on differences, to physically see where the majority was. First, males were instructed to move to the right side of the room, women to the left. Next, Caucasians to the front right corner, African-Americans to the left front corner, those from Asia-Pacific to the left back corner, and all others to the right back corner. Not even thinking, I followed all of my Caucasian friends (and the clear majority) to the front right corner. My friend in class burst out in laughter, and in realisation of my error I said a meek “Oops.” It was true though; without a mirror, I often forgot I was Asian.
As the years passed, I thought less and less of what I considered my negative differences. I married a wonderful man, we had a beautiful daughter together and life felt, well, normal.
Of course, just when you think you have your world figured out, a new challenge is put in front of you. In December last year, my husband was offered a career change that would require relocation to Singapore. After several difficult conversations, tears on leaving friends and family, and excitement about starting a new adventure, we made our way here to Singapore in mid-February.
In my first weeks here I knew I would experience some “culture shock”, as it's called. I prepared myself to be open to new ideas and customs, adventurous with food and welcoming towards large changes in lifestyle. Still, I had not prepared myself to feel so alone and, once again, like an outcast. The emotions I once felt seemed to rush over me as if I had never left grade school.
I wasn't expecting to finally be surrounded by people who look like me, but feel like I had nothing in common with them culturally. Nor was I expecting the people I had previously most assimilated myself with to no longer see me as special or standing out.
Struggling to make new friends, I researched programmes to get involved as much possible in the community. As we neared our third week in Singapore, I took my then six-month-old daughter to a Gymboree class at Tanglin Mall, in the hope that Emma could meet friends while the commonality of being a mom might connect me to other women. I scanned the class quickly, but before I could introduce myself to anyone, it was time to begin.
While in the class, I watched as the babies interacted in their own language, not interested in race, religion or cultural differences. They had such great curiosity, wanting to reach out to one another and learn from each other.
As I met several moms that day, some very different and some similar to myself, I realised it was not about standing out or fitting in. While I had fought to be like everyone else when I was in grade school, and embraced my diversity as I got older, I realised that it should not have been my physical differences that made me stand out. At the end of the day, we are all different. Stand out for your kindness or because you want to make a change in the world around you. Stand out because you want to teach others and learn from them.
Today, I am still approached at least once a week by someone speaking to me in Mandarin, Korean or another language I cannot identify. I am given looks of surprise when I start to speak with a clear American accent and diction. I get questions in Emma's playgroups about my background, and I still need to explain to cab drivers why I do not know exact locations or directions to places here. Thanks to my now nine-month-old-daughter though, I always remember this is my opportunity to stand out. This is my opportunity to be patient and teach others so that maybe one day, my story won't be so stand-out – it will just be understood.
My time in Singapore so far has without a doubt been an emotional roller coaster. Still, Singapore has taught me more about acceptance and kindness than I have ever known before. I am so thankful to be raising my daughter in a place where this is possible.
Protests planned Thursday on FCC's vote to overturn net neutrality
CLOSE Net neutrality - what does it really mean? Time
The Federal Communications Commission is expected Thursday to vote to begin a process to overturn net neutrality rules passed in 2015.
Three weeks ago, FCC Chairman Ajit Pai proposed the reversal of those regulations, which prevented Internet service providers (ISPs) from throttling or blocking content online, and were passed by a Democrat-controlled commission.
Pai, a Republican named as chairman by President Trump in January, along with Commissioner Michael O'Rielly, also a Republican, opposed those rules at the time as heavy-handed and anti-competitive. The proposal, scheduled to be voted on at the commission's meeting Thursday morning in Washington, looks to reverse those 2015 rules' reliance on utility-style regulation based on The Communications Act of 1934.
Also to be considered: the elimination of a "vague" Internet conduct standard meant to prevent ISPs from unreasonable interference with consumer's access to destinations on the Net; whether to keep or modify the rules prohibiting ISPs from blocking and throttling content or from prioritizing some content over other content, possibly for payment; and preparation of a cost-benefit analysis on possible regulations.
With only a three-member commission — Commissioner Mignon Clyburn is the lone Democrat — the measure is expected to pass and set into motion a four-month period of public comment (initial comments are due July 17 and replies to them due Aug. 16).
The FCC has already received more than 1.6 million comments since Pai announced the plan last month. Before the 2015 rules were passed, the agency got a record 4 million comments.
Likely driving comments has been HBO's John Oliver's urging of viewers to contact the FCC during the May 7 episode of his series Last Week Tonight. Subsequently, the FCC said it suffered an online attack that prevented some from posting their comments. Opponents to changing of the net neutrality rules have called on the agency to prove the online attack and to survey the comments for potentially including fake anti-net neutrality comments using people's names without permission.
Opponents also plan a rally Thursday morning before the FCC meets with organizations including the Color of Change, Credo Action, Demand Progress, Electronic Frontier Foundation and Free Press involved. Also expected to attend: Sen. Edward Markey, D-Mass.
The @FCC is meeting tomorrow about #NetNeutrality, so we're headed to DC today with this guy. Stand with us: https://t.co/1pztzJOeSfpic.twitter.com/JDnQ1FolIy — Mozilla (@mozilla) May 17, 2017
Don't expect anything to phase the chairman.
At the commission's April meeting a group of activists, led by pro-net neutrality group Free Press, in the audience began singing, in honor of the current rules, Rick Astley's song "Never Gonna Give You Up" — a prank known as rickrolling, in which you make someone else listen to the 1987 hit.
As the protesters were led out -- as documented in the video below — Pai began singing along and dancing in his seat.
Read more:
Follow USA TODAY reporter Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qupdHH
Image caption Mr Cameron said there were benefits of being "around the table" when the EU made key decisions
David Cameron has told some Eurosceptics campaigning for an EU exit they are wrong, in the Commons.
The prime minister insists all options are on the table as he battles to recast Britain's relationship with Brussels - including leaving the EU.
But he would "guard very strongly against" wanting to emulate Norway, as some Eurosceptics have suggested.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said Norway thrives outside the EU as it saves on membership fees and red tape.
But Mr Cameron took this argument on as he travelled to Iceland for a summit of Northern European leaders - he has previously avoided arguing directly with Eurosceptics, many of whom are on his own Conservative benches.
Latest updates of all the day's political developments on BBC Politics Live
Speaking at Prime Minister's Questions, he said: "If we don't get what we need in our negotiations I rule nothing out, but I do think it's important that as we have this debate as a nation that we are very clear about the facts and figures of the alternatives.
"Some people arguing for Britain to leave the European Union - not all people, but some people - have particularly pointed to the position of Norway saying that is a good outcome. I would guard very strongly against that.
"Norway actually pays as much per head to the EU as we do. They actually take twice as many per head migrants as we do in this country but of course they have no seat at the table, no ability to negotiate.
"I'm not arguing that all those who want to leave the EU say they want to follow the Norwegian path but some do and I think it's very important in this debate that we are absolutely clear about the consequences of these actions."
Speaking later in Iceland, where he is attending a meeting of the Northern Future Forum, the PM said he wanted the British people to understand what the so-called "Norway option" involved, arguing that "while they pay, they don't have a say - they don't have a seat around the table".
Iceland's PM on UK's EU relationship
Image copyright AFP
Iceland's Prime Minister, Sigmundur Gunnlaugsson, has told the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg that a looser relationship with the EU "might be better for the UK".
Iceland, like Norway, is a trading partner with the EU and is not a full member, a status that Mr Gunnlaugsson says "British politicians could look into", saying being outside the EU has been "essential" to his country's prosperity, and for the "things that really matter", they are in full control.
Not being in the EU helped his country get out of its financial crisis, added Mr Gunnlaugsson: "Having our own currency, which was absolutely essential, having control over our own laws to the extent that we could address the specific difficulties presented by the economic crisis, for example with the emergency acts and thirdly having control over our own natural resources."
Asked if the looser relationship his country has with the EU was a model for the UK, he said: "I wouldn't like to tell British politicians what to do - concerning the EU, it is may be one of the things they want to look into when they have this debate about Britain's relationship with the EU.
"Maybe some third alternative is better for the UK, I couldn't say or at at least I wouldn't like to speculate."
UKIP's MP Douglas Carswell told BBC Radio 4's World at One: "The reason why Norway gets such a duff deal is because the political elite in Oslo wanted Norway to join the EU so they negotiated as a prelude to membership."
But when the "ministers and mandarins" asked the Norwegian people if they wanted EU membership "the people said no," he added.
"Once we've had our referendum to say no to EU membership, we can get a much better deal than Norway has," said Mr Carswell.
The Vote Leave campaign's Robert Oxley said Mr Cameron was making a "spurious argument" because surveys showed the majority of Norwegians were happy with their country's relationship with the EU.
'PR exercise'
He said his group did not support the "Norway option" but was confident Britain could reach its own post-EU trade deal that suited its needs.
He accused Downing Street of engaging in a "PR exercise" by attacking the Norwegian option, "a model that they have created" to distract attention from what he said was Mr Cameron's failure to secure a "fundamentally different" relationship with the EU.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Mr Cameron is meeting the prime ministers of Iceland and Norway during his trip
"What's pretty clear here is that Number 10 haven't got the renegotiation right and now they are panicking," he added.
A member of the Norwegian government told the BBC that despite its looser relationship with the EU, it still had to pay financial contributions to the European Union, adhere to the principle of free movement of people across the EU and adopt directives relating to the single market.
Vidar Helgesen, minister for EU affairs, said Britain must make up its mind where its future lay but he believed it was a positive influence on the EU.
"For Norway, it is a good thing if Britain remains within the EU because the laws we take in pertaining to the single market are made in the EU and we think decisions are better with the UK at the table. When we receive legislation we want it to be as free market and as unbureaucratic as possible."
Analysis by BBC Political Editor Laura Kuenssberg
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Laura Kuenssberg: Cameron's Iceland message
The prime minister arrives at this summit in Iceland with a new tone and a new tempo to his arguments.
One minister told me that, at the very least, you have to look as if you're trying.
The difficulty, of course, is that David Cameron's message is nuanced - let's stay in if certain conditions are met; if not, he is ready to tell you to do the opposite.
Hardly a clear slogan a spin doctor would desire but now a message that Mr Cameron will try to sell.
Read more from Laura
It comes as EU vice president Frans Timmermans said he was open to Mr Cameron's demand to be allowed to opt out of the EU commitment to "ever closer union" between member states.
Mr Timmermans told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: "Nobody would tell you you're forced into integration with other European countries - fair enough if you don't want that."
He said the meaning of "ever closer union" as it is written into EU treaties needed to be clarified.
Mr Cameron is expected to have talks with the leaders of both Iceland and Norway at the Northern Future Forum, a grouping which also includes EU members Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Latvia, Lithuania and Sweden.
Labour's shadow foreign secretary Hilary Benn said: "David Cameron is now waking up to the huge risks of stumbling out of the EU rather than posturing to try and keep his backbench MPs happy.
"Labour has consistently said that in an increasingly interconnected world Britain should be leading from inside Europe, not watching from the outside as others take decisions that affect jobs, growth, investment and our security without having a voice at the table."
CLOSE While some meteorologists were apologizing Wednesday for their blizzard forecasts being off in New York, places like Boston were still digging out from what did indeed turn out to be a historic snow storm for them. VPC
A pedestrian crosses an empty snow-covered street on Tuesday in New York. (Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP)
Historic. Crippling. Potentially the biggest in history.
These were just a few of the words and phrases used in forecasts and by officials to describe the winter storm that was set to hammer much of the Northeast Monday night and into Tuesday.
And while Long Island and most areas in New England, such as Boston, were hit hard, forecasts for New York City, New Jersey and Philadelphia proved to be much graver than what actually transpired.
On Sunday, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, amid dire forecasts, said, "This could be the biggest snowstorm in the history of this city." But on Tuesday morning, the mayor was sounding a different note, defending the closings and shutdown procedures the city had implemented in anticipation of a potentially devastating storm.
Grateful that last night's storm was not as severe as was expected, and for the hardworking team at the Department of Sanitation. #SafeNYC — Mayor Bill de Blasio (@NYCMayor) January 27, 2015
And how did meteorologists behind the forecasts react? Rather than try to ignore their errant projections, some decided to take to social media and acknowledge they got it wrong. Here's a sampling from Twitter of some #blizzardof2015 mea culpas:
My deepest apologies to many key decision makers and so many members of the general public. — Gary Szatkowski (@GarySzatkowski) January 27, 2015
You made a lot of tough decisions expecting us to get it right, and we didn't. Once again, I'm sorry. — Gary Szatkowski (@GarySzatkowski) January 27, 2015
No other way to put it...this was a major bust of a forecast, the biggest in my short career. I was wrong...very wrong...and I am sorry. — Adam (@AdamRuttWx) January 27, 2015
Good morning NJ! Clearly not the blockbuster storm for NJ, but still a pretty nasty storm. #forecast miss — James Gregorio (@JamesGWeather) January 27, 2015
If the forecast has to be wrong, I'd rather it is overestimated. Less risk to lives and property. But I'm sorry it ended up this way. — Kate Bilo CBS3 (@katebilo) January 27, 2015
Alright, this dunce is headed to bed. Lots more snow chances ahead as the cold gets locked in. We'll get the next one. — Kate Bilo CBS3 (@katebilo) January 27, 2015
Later in the day, Bilo tweeted that she didn't think she "would have done much if anything different" in terms of the forecast she gave, but added "what might have helped would be more probabilistic forecasting."
I don't think I would have done much if anything different re: the forecast that we had presented. HOWEVER... (2/5) — Kate Bilo CBS3 (@katebilo) January 27, 2015
I think what might have helped would be more probabilistic forecasting, i.e. here's what we'll get on current projected track. (3/5) — Kate Bilo CBS3 (@katebilo) January 27, 2015
The New York Metro Weather website did say in a tweet Monday that the "bust potential with this storm is very high." The next morning, after it was clear that many areas were indeed not being hit as hard as projected, the site tweeted: "Still, blame is on us as meteorologists — can't be placed anywhere else. It is a difficult day for us any time a forecast does not work out."
Still, blame is on us as meteorologists — can't be placed anywhere else. It is a difficult day for us any time a forecast does not work out. — New York Metro Weather (@nymetrowx) January 27, 2015
But some meteorologists questioned the hand-wringing.
"I was shocked by the amount of self-flagellation going on with regard to the NYC forecast," said Mike Smith, a meteorologist from AccuWeather Enterprise Solutions. "Over and over, meteorologists were criticizing themselves and their colleagues for getting the Manhattan forecast wrong."
Smith said that the New York City forecast, while hardly perfect, was useful in that it did give people time to prepare for a snowstorm, which did in fact come (albeit only 7.8 inches worth).
"The forecast for Boston, Providence, Worcester, and other areas was nearly perfect," he added. "There is little doubt in my mind that this forecast for Boston, Providence and so many other areas will, in the end, have saved lives."
"If you look at the media reports today, you would think that the storm didn't happen at all," added University of Georgia meteorologist Marshall Shepherd. "It did."
"NYC is the media and business hub of the world. Officials there took dramatic steps (closed roads and subway) and the snow totals now don't necessarily justify it. I am still not averse to over-preparing even if less happens, so kudos to the mayor and others. Keep in mind that Long Island and points only one to two hours from NYC are getting hammered today," he said.
Indeed, parts of Long Island are at nearly 30 inches of snow — and counting.
RT “@anthonywx: RED: 12Z/26 ECMWF low location valid 18z Tue. BLACK: Actual location 15z. 120 miles further east. pic.twitter.com/6r9yt4G5Hy” — New York Metro Weather (@nymetrowx) January 27, 2015
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1JYrLgx
The Rural Health Alliance says a lack of data is hampering its efforts to push for improved health services in rural communities and tackle high suicide and depression rates.
The alliance is made up of 22 health related and rural interest organisations.
Photo: PHOTO NZ
Chief executive Michelle Thompson told the Future Farms conference in Wellington this morning it has become apparent in the past few months that it can't get the good quality data it needs to build a case to take to the Government.
"If we can't measure something then we can't change it. Across Government there's no consistency. They're all operating on different data sets, different data systems and they don't talk to each other. And it seems crazy that we actually have a rural-urban classification endorsed by New Zealand Stats, yet none of our government departments, especially the Ministry of Health, can report in that way.
"At the moment, there is no meaningful way we can analyse what's happening with rural health status compared to urban, so we've got to get onto that straight away."
The Rural Health Alliance's chair, Jo Scott-Jones, said the way health services are funded on a per captia basis is also a challenge, especially in provincial and rural areas where the population may be falling and getting older, which means less funding for a population that needs more health care.
"It'll come as no surprise, given the problems of access to care, that people living in rural communities are less likely to have seen a GP in the last 12 months and also less likely to have had a prescription.
"And it may be counter-intuitive, but they are more likely to have had a CAT scan and to have used a hospital, perhaps because they're not getting access to the preventative health care that they really need, Dr Scott-Jones said.
"That is further evidenced in cancer outcomes. Cancer statistics such as new registrations, most common types of cancer and death rates, are not routinely reported by urban-rural breakdown. (But) research conducted in 2010 showed that people living rurally have poorer survival rates for cancer than urban residents. And as is very common across health statistics, the differences are greater between Maori and non-Maori."
Dr Scott-Jones also raised the issue of high accident and suicide rates in rural areas and said recently obtained figures from police have added to the picture.
"The number of 111 cases coming in to police by people threatening or attempting suicide has increased eight-and-a-half fold since 1995, when these reports began. Police have been able to tell us that in the last 12 months, 56 percent of calls for threatened or attempted suicide were for rural areas. We need to know why rural people especially are choosing to ring the police, rather than mental health services, when they're in this state.
"We do know that farmers are amongst the highest risk occupation group for suicide, and trend data obtained from the coroner's office by Federated Farmers shows that since 2007, an average of 24 farmers take their own lives each year."
Federated Farmers' health and safety spokesperson Katie Milne said the figures show that higher suicide rates occur during times of great stress on the farm, and farmers can help themselves by having a plan for dealing with adverse weather and other events.
"If it's going to be a drought, have a think about it before the event. Every year it happens somewhere. Have some plans around what you will do for those things you can't control, which is the weather. Know where you can get extra feed, know where your cut-offs are, to start destocking etcetera, and try to put everything in your favour that you can," she said.
"Have a good relationship with your banker, so that if things do go pear shaped, you can get the financial support you need to see you through, because you will get through."
Health And Beauty Photoshop Brushes Set
Smashing Newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our editors' picks twice a month. Your email Subscribe →
Photoshop brushes. You can find dozens of our other releases in our Health and Beauty Photoshop Brushes: a free set of 67 Photoshop brushes ranging in resolution from 69 to 2463 pixels. In our previous releases we focused on icons and Wordpress themes; however, there is a variety of further tools that graphic designers need on a regular basis; for instance,. You can find dozens of our other releases in our Freebies section. Today we are happy to releaseranging in resolution from 69 to 2463 pixels.
In our previous releases we focused on icons and Wordpress themes; however, there is a variety of further tools that graphic designers need on a regular basis; for instance, Photoshop brushes.
Today we are happy to release Health and Beauty Photoshop Brushes: a free set of 67 Photoshop brushes ranging in resolution from 69 to 2463 pixels. The set is compatible with Adobe Photoshop 7.0, CS, CS2 and CS3 (you can use it in Photoshop Elements, Paint Shop Pro, GIMP and Paint.NET, too).
The brushes were designed by Silvia Bukovac Gasevic, the creative mind behind graphics-illustrations, especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers.
Download the Set for Free!
Download the Set (.zip, 0.5 Mb) Preview
Meet Smashing Book 6 — our brand-new book focused on real challenges and real front-end solutions in the real world: from design systems and accessible single-page apps to CSS Custom Properties, CSS Grid, Service Workers, performance, AR/VR and responsive art direction. With Marcy Sutton, Yoav Weiss, Lyza D. Gardner, Laura Elizabeth and many others. Table of Contents →
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions. However, it's forbidden to sell them. Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word.
Motivation Behind the Design
As usual, here are some insights from the designer herself:
“It's just another Photoshop brushes set, believe it or not. Some might say just that, and truly so. This may be just another Photoshop brushes set, but like anything else in our lives, it all depends on how you approach it and how you use it.
“As you will see, there are different shapes, subjects and topics covered in this set of 67 Photoshop brushes. The theme of this set is health and beauty. All of the brushes were created from scratch, and all of you, I hope, who do vector graphics from scratch will know and appreciate the work behind them. But what can we do? We all know what Smashing Magazine's standards are and I wouldn't dare to send Vitaly anything less than this.
My goal was not only to create a brush set that would help designers decorate or “fill in” their health and beauty-related artwork, but to create a collection of inspirational artwork; brushes that might be used as a starting point for times when the muse is not around and one just needs a bit of inspiration. What they are supposed to be is a little push, a starting point for those moments when there's just a blank screen in front of you and a total lack of ideas. The idea was to enable designers to open the set in Photoshop, pick one of the brushes and start from there.
So, here it is. If you ever find yourself in a situation where you have to do some health and beauty-related design project (but not only that, of course), these will be really helpful. I hope I have achieved at least a little of what I aimed for with this set. It's here for you to use, as always, with no restrictions at all. You can look for more on my site and I would be more than happy to hear from you. All of the sets are compatible with Photoshop 7.0 up to CS3, Mac and PC alike.”
Last But Not Least
We are constantly looking for creative designers and artists. You may not know it yet, but we may feature you in one of our upcoming posts.
If you would like to release a free high-quality font, a Wordpress theme, Photoshop brushes, a Drupal theme, some wallpapers or an icon set, please contact us. We would like to support you (both financially and with the broad readership of Smashing Magazine).
Further Reading on SmashingMag: Link
Who Needs Hans-Herman Hoppe When You Have President Fox?
Immigration is, as Peter Brimelow describes, the "Viagra of the State." Serious libertarians addressed the immigration problem for decades, because, after all, mass immigration is a government policy. What is happening now isn't a failure of the state — it's the state in action.
However the emerging libertarian-left, best represented by Students for Liberty, is characterized by a refusal to confront state power if doing so might get them in trouble with the dreaded Social Justice Warriors (SJWs for short). As result, Students for Liberty is gradually becoming a kind of self-parody of left-libertarianism, only capable of attacking to the Right, utterly silent on anything that might get them in trouble with leftists, and even defending things like critical race theory while attacking critics of state sponsored multiculturalism.
If I were creating a kind of ludicrous exaggeration of what student libertarianism would be, I'd say that the guest speaker would be that notorious enemy of the American Nation, Mexican ex- President Vicente Fox.
Oh wait.
The US economy is growing at its fastest pace in 11 years, in the strongest sign yet that growth has decisively shifted into higher gear.
The US Commerce Department said on Tuesday that the economy grew by an annual rate of 5 percent in the third quarter of this year - between July and September, largely buoyed by consumer spending and investment in business.
The report suggested that unlike other areas of the world where growth was slowing or activity shrinking, the strength of the US economy appeared to have been sustained.
"Our economy is firing on most cylinders, whereas the global economy is essentially in dire need of a spark," Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics told the Reuters news agency.
The Commerce Department cited stronger consumer and business spending than previously estimated for the fastest rate of growth since the third quarter of 2003.
Growth in business investment was raised by 1.8 percent to a rate of 8.9 percent, the report added.
Coupled with a hearty 4.6 percent advance in the prior three months, the economy has now experienced the two strongest back-to-back quarters of growth since 2003.
The economy has been benefiting from sinking energy prices, which have helped keep overall inflation ultra-low.
Petrol prices have fallen for 88 straight days, the longest consecutive decline on record.
Cheaper petrol has acted like a tax cut to free up money for Americans to spend on other items, including cars, clothes and appliances.
Liverpool close in on Dempsey with £10m Fulham hitman likely to seal Carroll exit
Brendan Rodgers is on the brink of bolstering his Liverpool strike force after agreeing a £10million fee for versatile Fulham forward Clint Dempsey.
The new manager expects the deal to be concluded before the end of the week and sees it as a significant breakthrough after his recent frustration over Gylfi Sigurdsson.
Convinced Sigurdsson would join him at Anfield after the attacking midfielder's successful loan spell at Swansea last season, Rodgers was dismayed when Tottenham beat him to the punch.
Yanks for the memories: Clint Dempsey is to leave Fulham for Liverpool
Sigurdsson even flew to Germany earlier this summer and pleaded with Markus Babbel to let him link up with Rodgers on a permanent basis. Yet when the Hoffenheim manager sanctioned an £8m permanent transfer, Sigurdsson chose White Hart Lane.
It left Rodgers short of attacking options, particularly with Andy Carroll available to anyone willing to meet a £20m asking price, but he has wasted no time in finding a remedy in the form of Dempsey.
The 29-year-old has an impressive scoring record, as a striker or attacking midfielder, and is due on Merseyside to complete the formalities in the next few days.
Strengthening: Brendan Rodgers is stamping his authority on the Liverpool team
Heading home? Andy Carroll
Though Newcastle has failed with a loan move for Carroll, and are loathe to match Liverpool's valuation, manager Alan Pardew is pinning his hopes on owner Mike Ashley finding some common ground with his Anfield counterparts.
Newcastle sold Carroll to Liverpool for £35m in January last year and Pardew admitted striking a compromise for the Geordie front-runner's return is out of his hands.
He told Newcastle's Evening Chronicle: ‘That whole process is a little bit more involved with the chairman and the board at Liverpool. We have got a great team here, a great squad, and if Andy Carroll comes it will only add to us.
'It's been said that he's available and if we are involved, then we will be involved because of the figures, not anything else, because we know he's good enough.'
ISTANBUL, Turkey — When illiterate carpenter Mustafa Boydak Sr., from a village outside of the central Anatolian city of Kayseri, opened his first carpentry workshop in 1957, it was just a way to make a living.
Over the years, the small workshop developed into a furniture company, and from there into an industrial conglomerate operating in eight sectors with 35 companies, among them the most important furniture brands in Turkey.
Today, Boydak Holding exports to 110 countries, and its companies have about 2,000 branches in Turkey and 260 branches worldwide. These days, Mustafa Boydak Sr. has put his sons in charge. He has also learned to read and write.
The success story of the Boydak family highlights the industrial boom in several cities in Turkey's provincial, conservative regions that have started to compete with the country's economic powerhouse, Istanbul.
More from the Suite Spot: Argentina's "fuzzy math" on the economy
The growth, which began in the 1980s, has been spurred by a new class of entrepreneurs known as “Anatolian Tigers.” Devout Muslims with a pragmatic, global approach to business, these entrepreneurs have begun to change the traditional balance of power in this developing economy.
For many decades Turkey's economy had been dominated by a handful of huge, industrial conglomerates run by some of the world's richest families — all of them secular. The rise of the Anatolian Tigers coincided with the arrival in power of the Islamic-oriented Justice and Development Party (AKP) and was strongly supported by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. That has led observers to view it as a power struggle between secular and conservative elites.
But that hasn't happened.
"Turkish capital has simply grown more diverse in the course of the years," said Sumru Altug, professor of economics at Koç University in Istanbul. "But it's wrong to draw connections between economic developments and the political or religious attitudes of new regional players."
More from the Suite Spot: China enters the EU car market
At a time when its European neighbors have been struggling with the sovereign debt crisis, Turkey's economy has boomed spectacularly, making it the 15th largest economic power in the world. Both old and new conglomerates have been part — and profited from — what analysts have labeled "Turkey's economic miracle."
With an annual turnover of $4.6 billion, Boydak Holding today plays in the same league as the older, established family holdings. In spite of their cultural differences, old and new elites share the same interests, says Altug.
"When it comes to economy, Erdoğan's politics have always been pragmatic and progressive and that's what is being acknowledged by all business people, regardless of their political or religious attitudes," she said. "At the end of the day, money is money and business is business.”
The Anatolian Tigers were unleashed by Turgut Özal, Turkey's prime minister in the 1980s who later became president. The former World Bank official, influenced by his experiences as a US-trained economist, adopted a market economy in Turkey, abolished import bans and promoted exports.
More from the Suite Spot: Old problems in New India
In an effort to allow all businessmen to have the same opportunities, Özal cut down state subsidies for the country's leading enterprises and encouraged all citizens to get involved in business.
As a result, countless Anatolian entrepreneurs followed his call, laying the foundation for Turkey's new economic class.
Like their secular counterparts, the old business elites of Istanbul, the Muslim Calvinists of Kayseri seek to improve their quality of life through material means. They spend their new wealth on big new cars, shopping malls and modern architecture throughout the city. But as opposed to the modern metropolis Istanbul, there is little means for distraction in Kayseri — there are no bars or fancy restaurants, much fewer clubs or art galleries.
The conservative elites of his city consider hard work a type of worship, just like the Calvinists of yore, said Mustafa Boydak Jr., Mustafa Boydak Sr.'s second eldest son, referring to a report by the European Stability Initiative published in 2005, which called the Anatolian Tigers "Islamic Calvinists" for their combining of religious devotion with a hard work ethic.
More from the Suite Spot: A hidden growth story in Latin America
"Pious people are usually very diligent," he added.
"We don't reject modern comforts," he said. "But going out and drinking simply has no tradition here. People don't like wasting their time doing such things, they would rather spend it at home with their families."
The new conservative elites are also some of the fiercest advocates for Turkey's bid to join the European Union. Their openness to Western-style progress was in fact one of the keys to their success, they say.
Decades earlier, the Boydak sons, Mustafa and Haci, decided to move into industrial furniture production after visiting furniture fairs in Europe. The time of traditional, handmade furniture was over, they realized. The Boydaks would later become pioneers of industrial mass production in their region.
These days, Mustafa Boydak has joined the leading Turkish business association, and works closely with business leaders in Istanbul, many of whom welcome the competition.
"The rules of competition apply to everyone," said Arzuhan Dogan Yalcindag, the chief executive of Dogan Media Holding, and daughter of one of the long-established business families in Istanbul.
"As a country grows, its business landscape will grow and diversify as well. New stakeholders will come into play and that's a good thing, because competition is good for the overall economic development of a country."
Mustafa Boydak Jr. (Credit: Türkiye Finans)
The Wistehuff family received a generous surprise after they took their screaming 2-year-old out of a North Carolina restaurant. (Photo: Facebook/Melissa Wistehuff)
You may have heard about the owner of a Maine diner who screamed at a fussy toddler for making too much noise. This week, a family of five — including one frustrated 2-year-old — had a much better experience at a North Carolina seafood restaurant.
When Melissa and Jason Wistehuff took their three kids — Ian, 2; Eva, 5; and Luca, 7 — to Sammy's Seafood House in Morehead City on Monday, their youngest son threw a temper tantrum. “It went from zero to 60 in the blink of an eye,” Melissa tells Yahoo Parenting.
STORY: Diner Owner in Hot Water for Yelling at Toddler
“[The restaurant was] packed, but they were able to seat us right away, but it took us a while to get service,” she says. “My youngest child was getting grumpy. He was fine, at first, coloring. He had a nap earlier that day, so there was no warning that he was going to do this.”
Melissa's three children, aged 7, 5, and 2. (Photo: T and T Photography)
“He was arching his back and stiff as a board, and he has kind of chubby legs, so it was hard to get him out of the high chair. At one point I looked at my husband and said, ‘I'm taking him outside in his high chair,'” Melissa says. She was getting a few annoyed stares from other diners, but she managed to get her son out and even walked across the street with him.
STORY: Etiquette Pros Break Down Maine Spat Over Antsy Tot
After about 15 minutes, Ian calmed down, so he and Melissa went back inside. But the toddler's good mood didn't last long. “As soon as he took that last bite, he started again,” Melissa says. This time, Jason took Ian outside.
Then, things turned even more chaotic. “My oldest son looked at me and said, ‘Mommy, I think I'm going to throw up,'” Melissa recalls. So she took Luca to the bathroom, instructed Eva to stay at the table, and asked for the check.
Sammy's Seafood House in Morehead City, North Carolina. (Photo: Facebook/Sammy's Seafood House)
When the waiter returned, he had some surprising news. “He said, ‘Sorry I took so long with your check. I was about to run your credit card, and someone came up and paid your tab,'” says Melissa. The waiter explained that a customer had admired how she and her husband took care of their kids — and felt a little sorry for them, too.
Have you ever wondered where Skull Rock and the Chicken of the Sea Pirate Ship used to be in Disneyland? Did you know Dumbo once flew on the far west side of Fantasyland? And that the Carrousel wasn't always where it is now? We look at the many changes made during the creation of 1983's “New Fantasyland”.
We've created the above map to help easily compare early Disneyland Fantasyland with today's version that came about in 1983. In pink you'll notice just how crowded things were behind the castle. Below that you'll see a photograph of today's Fantasyland with a blue sketch overlay of the original locations of various attractions and buildings.
Photo credit: Jerry and Lorraine Kotler
Huge growth in the early 1980s
The Disney parks saw HUGE growth in the early 80s. Walt Disney World was getting EPCOT Center. Tokyo Disneyland was being built. “New Fantasyland” was Disneyland's big project. Not long before this, the first two Big Thunder Mountains came about. My earliest memories come from this time. It was EXCITING. Everything made was extremely impressive.
Why all the changes to Fantasyland?
The land was never quite what Walt Disney wanted it to be. With limited time and money the original Fantasyland was built with the idea that it would later be updated with a more “fleshed-out” decor. Facades were created inexpensively. They were designed to look like medieval traveling tournament tents. the story behind the area explains that rides were “brought in” to the castle courtyard for the “temporary festivities”.
The Storybook Look
It's often assumed that no European “storybook” facades existed in Fantasyland until 1983 but there were a few. The shops immediately behind the castle, the Skyway station, Matterhorn's queue, and the miniature buildings in Storybook Land all featured this charming architecture. It is predicted that the Storybook Land architecture would have been the inspiration for Walt's revisions of Fantasyland had he revised the land.
An Operational Challenge
There was an operational challenge to be addressed. Outdoor rides were placed very closely to the walls of the indoor rides. Narrow walkways created constant pedestrian congestion. The solution? Rip up all the concrete and move rides around.
King Arthur Carrousel
The carrousel was located right between the entrances to Snow White and Peter Pan. It was moved back quite a distance in order to open the funnel of traffic coming from and going to the castle. The move also allowed for larger, more elaborate facades for Show White and Peter Pan. Prior to 1983 no landscaping existed around the carrousel nor was it propped up on a concrete platform.
Peter Pan's Flight
A London-inspired exterior with a large clock tower was added. 24 new animatronic characters were installed.
Snow White's Adventures (Renamed Snow White's Scary Adventures in 1983)
Snow White herself didn't appear in the pre-1983 ride (other than for short test periods in the 70s). Riders were to experience her adventures from her point of view. Most riders didn't understand this and just wanted to see Snow White. She was included in the new, longer ride. Show scenes were updated and special effects were added. Outside in the new facade the Queen figure who opens closes curtains was introduced.
Pinocchio's Daring Journey
What? Pinocchio wasn't always there? Pinocchio's Daring Journey was the headliner new dark ride of the expansion. Was it Disney's first Pinocchio ride? Nope. Shortly before it's Disneyland debut, Pinocchio opened in Tokyo Disneyland. What was there before Disneyland's Pinocchio? The space was previously occupied by a theater.
Mickey Mouse Club Theater (Renamed Fantasyland Theatre in 1964)
The theater showed classic Disney cartoons back to back.
Photo credits: (Left) Jerrod Maruyama, (Right) Jerry and Lorraine Kotler
Dumbo Flying Elephants (Renamed Dumbo the Flying Elephant)
Originally located near the Skyway entrance where the outdoor patio of the Village Haus Restaurant is today. Originally the elephants were to be pink. This was to help preserve the fact that there's only one Dumbo. Much like there's only one Mickey. But Walt at some point decided that everyone should get to ride the real Dumbo instead of a pink elephant from Dumbo's drunken nightmare.
Photo sent by David Blakeslee
And get this. Early Dumbo ears were HINGED!! They were mechanized to flap up and down as the Dumbos flew. This didn't work so well so later vehicles didn't have hinges.
Both 1955 and 1983 versions hosted 10 elephants. A new spinner with 16 elephants was installed in 1990 after a few minor accidents occurred. This new build was intended for Euro Disneyland. A duplicate was created for Euro Disneyland in time for its 1992 opening. Fun fact: All Magic Kingdom-style parks today have a Dumbo spinner. All but Tokyo have 16 elephants. Tokyo still has 10.
For New Fantasyland Dumbo was moved to what used to be a small lagoon where a pirate ship stood for over 25 years.
Chicken of the Sea Pirate Ship and Restaurant (Renamed Captain Hook's Galley in 1969)
Tuna sandwiches, tuna burgers, tuna pies, and even tuna salad in a little boat were served aboard the wooden ship. This ship belonging to Captain Hook is arguably the most interesting setting of any quick service food counter anywhere.
After ordering you could sit at one of a few tables on the ship or eat under umbrellas just north of the ship.
The simple lagoon was enhanced with the addition of plant life and Skull Rock in 1960. Guest would exit the dining area on a path that led under the Skull Rock rock work. The ship was renamed when Chicken of the Sea ended its sponsorship in 1969.
Photo sent by David Blakeslee
The magnificent ship met its fate earlier than planned during the 1983 expansion. They say it was to be moved near today's Storybook Land queue but upon removal the thing fell apart. Speculations have surfaced in recent years that they could have moved it successfully if they had really wanted to.
An urban legend I ignorantly grew up believing claims that Steven Spielberg purchased the ship to become One-Eyed Willie's pirate ship in Spielberg's 1985 film The Goonies. This is simply not possible.
Skull Rock
Added in 1960, Skull Rock featured a waterfall (or several little waterfalls) and its eyes glowed green at night. It was based on Skull Rock in Disney's 1953 animated film Peter Pan. It was often photographed from above by guests riding in Skyway buckets.
Photo credit: Jerry and Lorraine Kotler
Today rock work and a waterfall stand where the rear portion of Skull Rock was. Do some of the original pieces remain? Probably. The plumbing perhaps?
Skyway to Tomorrowland
The Skyway changed its vehicle style from a round cylinder look to a more boxy look in 1965. The biggest change the Skyway saw in 1983 was a whole new set of views below.
You can still see the old Skyway tower hidden up in the trees.
Mr. Toad's Wild Ride
Toad's track and interior were removed. The track was made longer. A few new scenes were added. Part of the new queue featured and outdoor garden. The exterior was built to look like Toad Hall from Disney's 1949 animated film The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad.
Alice in Wonderland
The Alice dark ride was not a 1955 original. It opened in 1958. It was the only Fantasyland dark ride built after Disneyland opened and before New Fantasyland in 1983.
Mad Tea Party
The “tea cups” as they are most commonly referred to were originally located where King Arthur Carrousel is today. They were moved closer to Alice in Wonderland which of course makes sense, both being based on the same film. A tented snack bar stood near its new location where The Mad Hatter hat shop stands today. Tables and chairs covered the area now occupied by Mad Tea Party. Each version of the ride has hosted three groups of six spinning tea cups.
Photo sent by Eric Chu
Next time you are strolling through Fantasyland be sure to compare what was then with what is now! Your friends will be oh so impressed.
Related posts:
Disneyland 1955 Model Close-ups
Disneyland in 1955
Not Having Fun at Disneyland
EYE CANDY: National Geographic Aug '63
EYE CANDY: National Geographic Aug '63 [Part 2]
CERN Announces Nearly All High-Energy Physics Articles Will Switch To Open Access -- The Largest-Ever OA Initiative
from the well,-flip dept
One of the key insights driving open access is that if all the money currently paid by libraries and other institutions for subscriptions to academic journals was instead used to pay processing charges -- effectively, the cost of publishing -- all articles could be made freely available online to everyone. Unfortunately, getting from one system to the other has proved hard, since it requires many libraries to drop subscriptions and pool their resources so that enough top-quality journals can be published on an open-access basis. That's what makes this news from CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, such a milestone: After intense preparations and consensus building, CERN has today confirmed that the SCOAP3 Open Access publishing initiative will start on 1 January 2014. With the support of partners in 24 countries, a vast fraction of scientific articles in the field of High-Energy Physics will become Open Access at no cost for any author: everyone will be able to read them; authors will retain copyright; and generous licenses will enable wide re-use of this information. Making the transition from conventional subscriptions to open access was possible because of CERN's clout in the high-energy physics community, which meant that it was able to persuade a large number of funders to pool their money: Convened at CERN this is the largest scale global Open Access initiative ever built, involving an international collaboration of over one thousand libraries, library consortia and research organizations. SCOAP3 enjoys the support of funding agencies and has been established in co-operation with leading publishers. That, in its turn, meant that all the top publishers were willing to participate -- even Elsevier: Eleven publishers of high quality international journals are participating in SCOAP3. Elsevier, IOP Publishing and Springer, together with their publishing partners, have been working with the network of SCOAP3 national contact points. Reductions in subscription fees for thousands of participating libraries worldwide have been arranged, making funds available for libraries to support SCOAP3. The importance of this move is not only that practically all high-energy physics papers will soon be available in their final, edited form -- not preprints -- to everyone for no cost, and under a liberal CC-BY licence that allows all kinds of re-use as well as text and data mining, but also that CERN has demonstrated that the flip from old to new academic publishing models is no mere theoretical possibility, but can actually be achieved. Now we need funders in other disciplines to follow suit by banding together and getting publishers to sign up to similar large-scale projects.
Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca, and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: cern, open access, physics
NCAA revenue pays for among other things, the NCAA tournament, including new courts at every site. (Photo11: Jeff Hanisch Jeff Hanisch-USA TODAY Sports)
The NCAA recorded a nearly $61 million surplus for its 2013 fiscal year, according to an audited financial statement the association released Thursday.
While the surplus is smaller than those the association had in each of its two previous years, this is third consecutive year in which the annual surplus has exceeded $60 million. This increased the NCAA's year-end net assets to more than $627 million, just less than double where they stood at the end of its 2007 fiscal year.
Among the NCAA's more than $589 million in unrestricted assets is an endowment fund that had grown to more than $326 million as of the end of its 2013 fiscal year, Aug. 31. The fund grew by more than $44 million in 2013, its greatest one-year increase since it was established in 2004.
The NCAA had nearly $913 million in total revenue in fiscal 2013, according to the statement. It had a little more than $852 million in total expenses, including a record $527.4 million distributed to Division I schools and conferences.
Of the NCAA's 2013 revenue, $681 million came from the multimedia and marketing rights agreement with CBS and Turner Broadcasting that primarily is connected to the Division I men's basketball tournament, the statement said.
In 2012, the NCAA had nearly $872 million in total revenue and nearly $801 million in total expenses, including $503.8 million distributed to Division I members.
Salary data base: See what the football coaches earn
The new financial statement – dated Dec. 4, 2013 – continued to include a statement of the NCAA's confidence in its ability to prevail in, or settle, various lawsuits without a major impact on its assets. The statement's notes about the NCAA's commitments and contingencies say, in part: "The NCAA and its legal counsel are defending against lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of its day-to-day activities. The NCAA does not believe the ultimate resolution of these matters will result in material losses or have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, change in net assets, or cash flows of the NCAA."
Finances: Breaking it down by school
This is relatively routine language, but as of the statement's date, the NCAA was facing an series of lawsuits pertaining to the use of college athletes' names and likenesses to concussions athletes suffered while playing college sports and to restrictions on the length and number of scholarships schools can offer.
Men's tournament: Live updates and analysis
Subsequent to the statement date, the NCAA has been named as a defendant in two lawsuits aimed specifically at the limits on compensation that athletes can receive in exchange for playing college sports.
In addition to the distribution to Division I members, the NCAA's 2013 expenses included:
--More than $122 million in association-wide programs, up from a little more than $115 million in 2012.
--Nearly $41.8 million in management and general spending, up from a little more than $38.3 million in 2012. That means management and general spending grew by 9% while the distribution to Division I members grew by 4.7%. In 2012 management and general spending grew by 7.3% over the 2011 level while distribution to Division I grew by 5%.
The endowment fund has been designated as a quasi-endowment, which means the money is intended to be retained and invested, but unlike a permanent endowment, its principal can be spent. It was established in 2004 by the NCAA Executive Committee, a group of college presidents that oversees association-wide matters, primarily to protect against an event that could impact what is overwhelmingly the NCAA's greatest revenue source: the Division I men's basketball tournament.
The fund began with $45 million, and the original goal for its growth was $500 million. The goal had been lowered to $380 million in recent years.
The fund has retained any investment earnings and been augmented with a portion of the NCAA's annual operating surpluses. In fiscal 2010, however, the NCAA began putting more of its annual operating surpluses toward supplemental distributions to the membership and less toward the quasi-endowment.
Well, hello, Dolly! "Who's that sweet thing in the pretty dress? Look at you! Thanks for comin' all this way!" It is such a pleasure to meet you! "Well aren't you sweet? Let's have a seat and rest our bones."
This is exactly the conversation Dolly Parton and I have as she walks into her rehearsal room in Nashville on a sweltering summer's day. But I could have written that exchange without ever meeting her, and so could you. Parton in the flesh is so exactly how one imagines her to be that as she sits opposite me, bandying about such Dolly-esque phrases as "You just need some good ol' horse sense!", "God gives us all a special talent" and, of course, "I'm just a simple country girl", it's hard not to wonder whether this is a Dolly impersonator. How can someone adhere so closely in person to their public image?
"This is just who I am!" she says, those wide eyes getting even wider, hanks of blond hair bobbing atop her head like leaves on a palm tree. "It's like what I always say: I may look fake but I'm real where it counts. Ha ha ha!" And with that she clutches a bejewelled hand to what is famously the most unreal part of her anatomy.
Now, you say that, Dolly, but it looks like a lot of effort goes into being who you are. How long does it take you to get ready in the morning?
"Not long, because I'm so programmed for it. First thing I do in the morning, after I have my breakfast and do my spiritual work, is put on my makeup and fix my hair, and I can do my makeup in 15 minutes," she says with a snap of pride. And that is pretty impressive considering it would take most women 15 minutes just to put on the amount of eyeliner she is currently sporting.
So do you look like this when it's just you and your husband Carl at home? "Well, of course! I don't want to look good for everyone else and like a slouch for him! So even if we're just driving around in our RV camper and hitting all the local fast-food joints I'll tease my hair and put it up in a little scrunchie."
I don't believe you eat fast food. Your waist is the size of my wrist. "I do have to watch it because I'm only about 5ft and you can't hold on to too much weight when you're so short," she says, suddenly terribly solemn. "So I stay on a low-carb diet pretty much through the week and eat what I want on weekends. And of course, nothing matters on Thanksgiving and Christmas! Ha ha ha!"
I hear you wear heels in the shower. "Oh that's horseshit! Ha ha ha! But I do wear high heels in the house – otherwise I can't reach the cabinets! I don't wear my heels in the shower or when I sleep – and I wear my little tennis shoes when I do my treadmill – but when I go out, of course I will. That's my look and that's how I'm always gonna be."
Today, Parton's look includes a stretchy purple cardigan, a swishy above-the-knee black skirt, cropped leggings and Perspex heels. It's an outfit that is strangely reminiscent of the ones worn by cool teenagers in 80s films. Parton, by the way, is 65. "I'm not trying to be fashionable. Never was! I got some clothes that I've had for 25 years. People say, oh, that's Dolly, Dolly does what Dolly does – and Dolly does! Ha ha ha!"
Or, as she puts it to a honky tonk beat in Country is as Country Does on her new album, Better Day: "'Cause I'm quite content with who I am/And if you ain't, well, kiss my ham."
Really, who could fail to love Dolly Parton? Well, aside from the Ku Klux Klan who, as if to confirm that it had a combined IQ in the single digits, has held demonstrations at Parton's theme park, the inevitably named Dollywood, because of her annual Gay Day. ("God tells us not to judge one another, no matter what anyone's sexual preferences are or if they're black, brown or purple. And if someone doesn't believe what I believe, tough shit.")
She's had 41 Top 10 country albums, she has written some of the best loved songs of all time (I Will Always Love You, Jolene), starred in two of the best loved women's movies of all time (9 to 5, Steel Magnolias) and her oeuvre is the backbone of karaoke bars around the world (Jolene for the soloists, Islands in the Stream for the duets). She's the self-dubbed Backwoods Barbie with a penchant for dropping self-mocking aperçus such as: "If I have one more facelift I'll have a beard!" Parton even taught me how to count when I was a child thanks to her Muppet persona, Polly Darton, on Sesame Street, whose signature song was, of course, Counting One to Five.
But while her embonpoint ("Let's say 40DD – at least!") and plastic surgery ("If something is bagging, sagging or dragging, I'll tuck it, suck it or pluck it") are as much a part of pop culture legend as Elizabeth Taylor's multiple marriages, the superhuman quality for which Parton is the best known is just how gosh darn nice she is. Film critic Roger Ebert once wrote that meeting Parton made him feel "as if I were being mesmerised by a benevolent power. I left the room in a cloud of good feeling."
"I'm not happy all the time, and I wouldn't want to be because that would make me a shallow person. But I do try to find the good in everybody," Parton says perkily, and later proves it by describing Sylvester Stallone – her co-star in the deservedly little-seen 1984 film Rhinestone – as "just a nut, but so witty!".
Come on, Dolly. You've been so famous and – apologies for crassness – so rich for so long, you must have encountered a lot of venal people with less than good-hearted intentions. How can you still be so sunny and uncynical?
"Oh, I can spot a phoney a mile away," she replies before I finish the question, perkiness instantly replaced with no-messin' toughness. "If people work for me over the years I expect them to be paid what they're owed but I don't expect them to be paid more than they earn."
This sharper tone returns when she talks about the harsh treatment "my little friend Miley Cyrus" has been getting from the press: "We're punishing her for growing up, just like we did to Shirley Temple," she announces sternly. It can be stated with some certainty that this is the first time Miley Cyrus has been compared to Shirley Temple.
But in the main, Parton is as reliably sparkly and hilarious as any of her stage costumes. Her jokes about her bust and her looks are as well-worn yet effective as, say, I Will Always Love You. But it's hard not to suspect that these quips, and the breasts, are distracting, um, fronts – her means of keeping prying eyes away from the private woman within.
Dolly Parton with Lily Tomlin, Jane Fonda and Dabney Coleman in 9 to 5 (1980). Photograph: c.20thC.Fox/Everett / Rex Featur
Parton famously modelled her appearance on a prostitute in the town where she grew up, but she really looks more like a child beauty queen, a girlish fantasy of prettiness. It is as if she settled on her look when she was 10 years old and stuck with it for the next 50 years, knowing that constancy is the safest shield against curiosity. As she herself says when I ask if she minds people always asking about her breasts, "How can people not? They're all you can see!"
One aspect of Parton's life that has not been seen for some time is her husband, Carl Dean. She has been married for 45 years, yet many of her fans have no idea what her husband looks like, or whether he actually exists. The few photos of him in the public domain show a handsome, rather shy-looking man.
"Carl's never wanted to be in the limelight, so I didn't put him there. He wants to be left alone and be a homebody and then hear about what I've been up to when I get back. He's my anchor and I'm his excitement," she says.
But Parton is a master of deflecting one-liners, slaking people's curiosity by leaving them laughing. In her very funny 1994 autobiography, My Life and Other Unfinished Business, she recounts meeting Dean in Nashville at the beginning of her music career and proffers what is surely the 20th century's version of "Reader, I married him" as she explains why she was so keen to marry Dean: "I was getting pretty horny."
Dean's absence from the public eye has led to suspicion among some of her fans that Parton's real partner is her childhood friend and constant tour companion, Judy Ogle.
"Judy and I laugh and laugh when people say such things," she says, not breaking eye contact for a second. "It keeps me humble, having someone around who I know loves me for who I am and not what I've done. Judy and I have known each other since we were itty-bitty girls and we're like Siamese twins because we've grown together and if something happened to her, it would just kill me." Her voice cracks ever so slightly at the end.
In this regard and many others Parton can be compared to Oprah Winfrey, another woman who worked her way out of a deprived childhood in America's south to become a no-surname-necessary superstar, and whose close friendship with her female best friend has led to similar speculation, despite frequent denials.
"Oprah and I have talked about that a lot," Parton agrees. "We share many very special bonds and we have often spoken about how people try to make out that she and Gayle [King] are gay and Judy and I are gay. But we understand that very few people are lucky enough to have a very best friend and keep that best friend all your life."
And like Winfrey, Parton has built an empire out of seeming to wear "my heart and emotions on my sleeve", while simultaneously being supremely professional and self-protective. But just occasionally, that mask slips. At the end of the interview I ask if she is spending the rest of the day doing interviews with other journalists. "Yes," she replies and permits herself the tiniest of eye-rolls before she quickly stops herself and asks if I'd like her PR to take a photo of us together. Obviously, the answer is an enthusiastic yes. A diverting trick it may be, but that trick is irresistible. Her millions didn't come from nothing.
Speaking of those millions, a huge part of Parton's legend is her poverty-stricken backstory and she makes as many references to what she calls her "hillbilly ways" in conversation as she does in her songs. "I'm just a simple silly country girl!" she says more than once. It should perhaps be interjected here that this simple silly country girl owns 15 properties spread out between Tennessee and California. Her management takes great pains to tell me later that Parton prefers to travel by bus than plane when she tours, as though this proves her simplicity. But it transpires that shipping the Dolly buses to Australia for her upcoming tour will cost $1m each. As Parton has said of herself many times, it costs a lot to look that cheap.
Parton was born and raised in the Smokey Mountains in Tennessee, the fourth of 11 surviving children. Her father, a sharecropper, couldn't afford to pay the doctor who delivered her and so gave him a sack of cornmeal, leading to Parton's oft-repeated joke about how she's been "making dough ever since". She began singing on the radio as a child and went to Nashville to start recording and singing songs as soon as she graduated from high school.
"Back in those days people said it was hard for women to get into the business but I always felt being a woman served me well. I had all these brothers and uncles so I understood the nature of men and I didn't go in there feeling all intimidated. I just went in there and said: 'Hey! I have a good product here and we can all make some money here if y'all wanna get involved with it.'"
This self-confidence was to come in handy over the years, such as when she refused to let Elvis Presley sing I Will Always Love You, because his manager Tom Parker was insisting that he got half of the publishing rights. When Jane Fonda approached Parton, who had never acted before, to appear in 9 to 5, Parton agreed – on condition she could write the theme song.
"I was gonna be rich no matter how much it cost/I was gonna win no matter how much I lost," Parton sings in Sacrifice, one of the best songs on her new album.
So what has it cost her? "I gave up time with family and friends, I can't ever plan too far ahead, I didn't have children … " she reels off.
Parton underwent a partial hysterectomy when she was 36 and suffered from serious depression, both before and after the operation: "It lasted about 18 or 20 months. I wasn't doing too well." She credits her recovery to God, work and Sylvester Stallone, and not necessarily in that order: "We were making Rhinestone then and, oh, Stallone was so healthy for me to be around ... "
Time is up and I can have one last question. Tell me one thing about yourself that would surprise your fans, I say.
"Oh lordy, I think they know pretty much everything!" she replies merrily, beginning to get up.
I think they barely know anything.
She looks a little taken aback and sits back down.
"Well actually, that's probably right. They think they know so much but I am very protective and private about my very personal stuff. So yes, they would be surprised by how little they really know me. Ha ha ha!"
• Dolly Parton's new album Better Day is out now; she is touring the UK until 15 September
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau offered his "deepest condolences" to the Cuban people Saturday after the death of Fidel Castro, who's brutal communist regime is accused of killing tens of thousands.
"It is with deep sorrow that I learned today of the death of Cuba's longest serving President," Trudeau wrote in a statement Saturday shortly after Cuban state television announced the death of the dictator.
The most prominent Marxist-Leninist in the Western Hemisphere, Castro died at 90 after ruling over Cuba for nearly five decades. He's succeeded by his younger brother, Raúl Castro, who has and is expected to continue the communist regime.
Dismissing decades of protests from Cuban dissidents and exiles, Trudeau admitted that Castro was "a controversial figure" but insisted he was "a remarkable leader."
"Fidel Castro was a larger than life leader who served his people for almost half a century," Trudeau wrote in a statement. "A legendary revolutionary and orator, Mr. Castro made significant improvements to the education and healthcare of his island nation."
After a violent revolution in 1959, Castro quickly consolidated power in the island nation just 90 miles from the United States. When relations cooled with the capitalist U.S. in the early 1960s, Castro's Cuba warmed up to the Soviet Union.
Since the Castro regime began, the Cuban economy has stagnated and more than a million Cubans have fled the country in search of asylum. Human rights organizations accuse Castro of systemic political violence and the murder of thousands.
Canada's prime minister counts the dictator as a family friend. His father and former prime minister, Pierre Trudeau, became the first NATO leader to visit Cuba in 1976. Trudeau followed up and made his own visit earlier this month.
"I know my father was very proud to call him a friend and I had the opportunity to meet Fidel when my father passed away," Trudeau wrote. "It was also a real honour [sic] to meet his three sons and his brother President Raúl Castro during my recent visit to Cuba."
Dorian Lee Harper, left, and Wanda Sue Larson are charged with child abuse in North Carolina after an 11-year-old boy was found handcuffed to a porch with a dead chicken draped around his neck. (Photo: Union County (N.C.) Sheriff's Office)
A social services supervisor and a nurse face child abuse charges after an 11-year-old North Carolina boy was found handcuffed to a porch, shivering, with a dead chicken around his neck, Union County authorities say.
Sheriff Eddie Cathey told USA TODAY the child was discovered Friday in frigid temperatures after neighbors complained about animals running loose at the home outside Monroe. Cathey said a deputy began interviewing Dorian Lee Harper, an emergency room nurse and the boy's foster parent, about the boy when another child opened the door and released several dogs that chased the deputy away.
More deputies arrived and searched the home, finding five children, ages 14, 13, 11, 9 and 8. Harper and Wanda Sue Larson, both 57, had adopted four of the children and had been fostering the fifth, the child handcuffed to the porch, Cathey said.
Larson is a supervisor with the Union County Department of Social Services. Cathey said his deputies had a good working relationship with Larson — and that both suspects were well-respected in their professions.
"It's shocking to see how they lived," Cathey said. "The conditions were horrible. Trash, filth, animals and animal waste inside and outside the home. You could barely breath inside that house."
All the children were taken into custody by a social services department from a neighboring county, Cathey said. Both parents are charged with intentional child abuse, inflicting serious injury, false imprisonment and cruelty to animals. Larson also is charged with willful failure to discharge her duty as a public official.
Harper's bail was set to $500,000, Larson's at $525,000. Both face hearings Monday.
"This investigation has only just begun," Cathey said. "We are fortunate that we were called. Sooner or later this situation could have ended in a child's death."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1bQTNee
Every minute of every day, eyes in the sky lofted into orbit by the world's space agencies study our planet and its atmosphere. They provide a constant stream of data on everything from air and ground temperatures to moisture content, cloud systems, pollution effects, fires, ice and snow cover, the extent of the polar ice caps, changes in vegetation, ocean changes and even the extent of oil and gas spills on both land and sea.
Their combined data gets used in many ways. We're all familiar with the daily weather reports, which are based in part on satellite imagery and data. Who among us hasn't checked the weather before heading out to work at the office or the farm? That's a very good example of the kind of "news you can use" from such satellites.
Weather Satellites: Tools of Science
There are many ways these orbiting Earth observatories help humans. If you're a farmer, you've likely used some of that data to help time your planting and harvesting. Transportation companies rely on weather data to route their vehicles (planes, trains, trucks, and barges). Shipping companies, cruise liners, and military vessels are incredibly dependent on weather satellite data for their safe operations. Most people on Earth rely on weather and environmental satellites for their safety, security, and livelihoods. Everything from daily weather to long-term climate trends are the bread and butter of these orbital monitors. These days, they're an important tool in tracking the effects of climate change that scientists have been predicting as levels of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) gas rise in our atmosphere. Increasingly, satellite data is giving everybody a head's-up on long-term trends in the climate, and where to expect the worst effects (floods, blizzards, longer tornado seasons, stronger hurricanes, and likely drought areas).
Seeing the Effects of Climate Change from Orbit
As our planet's climate changes in response to ever-greater amounts of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases being pumped into the atmosphere (which is causing it to warm up), satellites are rapidly becoming the front-line witnesses to what's happening. They provide stark evidence of the effects climate change have on the planet. Images, like the one shown here of the gradual loss of glaciers in Glacier National Park in Montana and Canada are the most compelling data. They tell us at a glance what is happening in various places on Earth. NASA's Earth Observing System has many images of the planet that show evidence of the effects of climate change.
For example, deforestation is visible to satellites. They can chart the of the die-out of plant species, the spread of insects (such as the pine beetle populations devastating parts of western North America), the effects of pollution, the devastation of flooding and fires, and drought-ridden regions where those events do a lot of damage. It's often said that pictures tell a thousand words; in this case, the ability of weather and environmental satellites to provide such detailed visuals is an important part of the toolbox scientists use to tell the story of climate change as its happening.
In addition to the imagery, satellites use infrared instruments to take the planet's temperature. They can take "thermal" images to show which parts of the planet are warmer than others, including the rise in sea ocean temperatures. Global warming appears to be changing our winters, and this can be seen from space in the form of reduced snow cover and thinning sea ice.
Recent satellites have been equipped with instruments that allow them to measure global ammonia hotspots, for example, Others, such as the Atmospheric Infrared Sounder (AIRS) and Orbiting Carbon Observatory (OCO-2) are focused direction on measuring the amount of carbon dioxide in our atmosphere.
Implications of Studying our Planet
NASA, as one example, has a number of weathersats that study our planet, in addition to the orbiters it (and other countries) maintain at Mars, Venus, Jupiter, and Saturn. Studying planets is part of the agency's mission, as it is for the European Space Agency, the China National Space Administration, Japan's National Aerospace Exploration Agency, Roscosmos in Russia, and other agencies. Most countries have oceanic and atmospheric institutions — in the U.S., the National Atmospheric and Oceanic Administration works closely with NASA to supply real-time and long-term data about the oceans and atmosphere. NOAA's clients include many sectors of the economy, plus the military, which depends heavily on that agency as it works to protect American shores and skies. So, in a sense, weather and environmental satellites around the world not only help people in the commercial and personal sectors, but they, the data they provide, and the scientists to analyze and report the data, are front-line tools in the national security of many countries, including the U.S.
Studying and Understanding Earth is Part of Planetary Science
Caitlin – January 16th, 2013
We really should be posting about how our white wine is doing outside. But our white wine isn't outside. Because it hasn't been cold enough yet. Of course it's the mildest winter on record. I wonder how tartaric acid crystals taste. I'm probably going to find out.
In the meantime, let me entertain you with a post about wine storage. I mentioned in my last post that a fair average for cellar-worthy whites is about five to seven years (some might go 10). I also mentioned that some reds can easily be kept for 30 years and longer, assuming that your aging conditions are appropriate. But I didn't dive into the details. By appropriate aging conditions, I mean that controls have been put in place to moderate three things:
Light Humidity Temperature
Each deserves its own blog post, so each will get its own blog post. Let's start with numero uno.
Last January, we renovated our master bedroom. Our house was built in 1900. When we bought it, the closer you got from the earth to the sky, the worse the conditions were. The living room (close to the earth) was totally renovated by the previous owners. We just needed to paint. The master bedroom and master bath on the third floor (close to the sky) were abhorrent. If I ever cornered you at a cocktail party to tell you, in excruciating detail, just how much I hated that bedroom, I really apologize.
What I am trying to say is, it was a major undertaking to renovate. The floors had pulled away from two of the walls. There was no insulation. There was still a Victorian-era pulley system in place for all of the windows. And horsehair-insulated wiring (it exists). Most of our time, effort, and heartache went into major construction. So, when it came time to purchase the finishing touches, we were looking for a screaming deal. We found one. The northwest Baltimore neighborhood of Hampden is a great part of town to visit if you are in the market for relatively inexpensive antiques. Denova on West 36th Street is one of our merchants of choice. When we went in to search for lamps for our master bedroom, we weren't disappointed by the selection.
We were only disappointed by ourselves.
We spied fantastic orange, glazed table lamps that day. It was love at first sight. We stood around the store for 45 minutes, trying to convince ourselves that something, anything in our house was orange. Nothing was. We shook our fists at the sky and cursed our past selves at being so short-sighted. We walked out with two black iron lamps instead. We buckled them up in the car for safety, took them home, and enjoyed them, and our renovated room, every day for eight months until the fire.
The black lamps are gone now, but you'll never guess what. The orange lamps were still at the antique store! Robert got them for me for my birthday. When we move back into the house, our *new* new master bedroom will feature orange. All orange, all the time.
Why am I telling you all of this? Because the light giveth and light taketh away. Light and sunshine is so important for winemaking. We need it for photosynthesis to occur. We need it because excessive cloudiness becomes problematic if rain begins to fall, especially during fertilization or harvest. We need it for color development, especially for red varietals. Growers even remove leaves from around grape clusters during the growing season because sun exposure deepens color. We really need light. We really need light all the way up until we don't need it anymore and never want to see it again – pretty much immediately following harvest.
Light control is critical to ensuring successful long-term wine storage and light comes from the sun and from lamps. That's right. It's not just direct sunlight that can ruin your wine, it's incandescent light from lamps too. I love my new orange lamps, but they will stay far, far away from my 2006 Velvet Glove Shiraz.
Light impacts wines because it adversely reacts with the phenolic compounds. Phenolic compound is a technical term for any one of several hundred chemical compounds that impact the taste, color, and mouthfeel of wine. This is one answer to a question you may have asked yourself, which is “why is wine in darkly tinted bottles*?” Wine is in darkly tinted bottles because they offer some protection from the light. Let's call it the first line of defense.
If the bottle is the first line of defense, what's the second? You. There are special wine refrigerators and even storage units available, but you can successfully store your wine without investing in either of these. Keep wine out of light from the time you purchase it until the time you serve it. If you haven't been blessed with a cool, dry basement, like most of us in the northeastern United States, you can improvise by using inexpensive wine racks in a safe and secure area. High-traffic areas are not safe. Rooms with windows are not safe. A closet is probably your best bet, or inside a cupboard. Just not a cupboard inside your kitchen. Your wine will not like the wild temperature variations.
If you are lucky enough to have a wine cellar, put your cellar lights on a timer. If you forget to turn off the lights, the timer will do it for you. To the extent that you can, utilize low-wattage, non-heat emitting lights rather than fluorescent lighting.
*Some wines are bottled in clear, light green, and blue colored bottles. These are more vulnerable to light. Extra precautions should be taken for storage. You might also want to try to deduce what the winemaker's motivation was in using a lighter bottle. If the answer is “marketing”, pass.
The High Court has found that alleged internet pirate Kim Dotcom and his associates are eligible to be extradited to the US.
However, the long-running legal battle between Dotcom and the US government is far from over, with his lawyer promising to take the case to the Court of Appeal - and predicting that he will win in the end.
The United States claims that Dotcom, Mathias Ortmann, Bram van der Kolk and Finn Batato were members of a worldwide criminal organisation that engaged in criminal copyright infringement and money laundering with estimated loss to copyright holders of more than US$500 million.
In a ruling released on Monday - more than five years after authorities launched a Swat-style raid to arrest him at his Auckland mansion - the court found that the evidence was sufficient to establish a prima facie case on all counts. However, it also ruled in favour of one of Dotcom's key legal arguments.
* READ MORE: From piracy-accused mogul to household name: the (lengthy) Kim Dotcom legal saga explained
High Court Judgement: New Zealand Parliament wasted years and millions of taxpayer money on a Copyright Act that is now no longer relevant. — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) February 20, 2017 Judgement: I'm no longer getting extradited for Copyright. We won on that. I'm now getting extradited for a law that doesn't even apply. — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) February 20, 2017
The decision was in response to an appeal by Dotcom and his associates against an earlier district court ruling that they should be surrendered to the US.
The case has been touted as one of the largest criminal copyright cases ever brought by the United States.
In December 2015 in the North Shore District Court, Judge Dawson found that Dotcom and his associates were eligible for extradition. They appealed that to the High Court, claiming that the Judge made errors of law in virtually every aspect of his eligibility finding. The United States also appealed against several aspects of the judgment.
Dotcom's lawyer, Ron Mansfield, said on Monday that the matter will now have to go the Court of Appeal.
A best-case scenario was a hearing at the end of the year, but it was more likely the case would be pushed out until 2018.
He was confident that what he called a "complex and unprecedented legal case" would be resolved in Dotcom's favour.
"There's no doubt we'll be going to the Court of Appeal - we're disappointed but we're one step closer to achieving the right outcome for Kim
"It's a long battle but long battles are often successful battles so we have to keep going.
"Whilst many have struggled to get beyond the United States' hype in this politically charged and misunderstood case, an objective observer will now realise that there is much more to this case than they were previously informed of from the District Court judgment," Mansfield said.
In his 363-page ruling, Justice Murray Gilbert said he accepted one of the main planks of Dotcom's argument: that online communication of copyright protected works to the public is not a criminal offence in New Zealand.
"Accordingly, I have found, contrary to the view taken in the District Court, that this section does not provide an extradition pathway in this case.
"However, I have concluded that the appellants are not correct in asserting that the general criminal law fraud provisions in the Crimes Act cannot apply in cases of copyright infringement and that such cases can only be prosecuted under the Copyright Act.
"In short, these Crimes Act provisions, in combination with s 101B of the Extradition Act, provide other extradition pathways. I agree with the District Court Judge that the evidence summarised in the record of the case is sufficient to establish a prima facie case on all counts. I also agree with his ultimate conclusion that the appellants are eligible for extradition on all counts for which their surrender is sought."
Mansfield said that the decision showed Dotcom had not committed an offence under New Zealand copyright law. "Whether our law should still permit him to be extradited to the United States under an Act that has no interest in copyright, is the question that remains now to be answered by our Courts. We say no and we are confident that this must be right.
"Whether you are a supporter of Kim's or not, these are important principles of law for us all and the very issues that we need our justice system to grapple with if we want a credible and safe process for extradition to any requesting country, including those with whom we have a close commercial and political relationship."
Dotcom said in a tweet: "I'm no longer getting extradited for copyright. We won on that. I'm now getting extradited for a law that doesn't even apply.
"New Zealand Parliament wasted years and millions of taxpayer money on a Copyright Act that is now no longer relevant," Dotcom said.
Dotcom said he expected the case would be before New Zealand courts for at least two more years.
Dotcom said he would approach the Court of Appeal to "make clear" he was not facing fraud charges.
"We're going to make clear that this is not a fraud charge, the indictment is not for fraud, it is for copyright infringement," he told RNZ.
"The appeal can show general fraud status cannot be applied."
The plans, which will see 30 million euros ($33.6 million) set aside to compensate homosexuals convicted under an old law for their sexual preferences, were revealed by the German daily "Süddeutsche Zeitung" (SZ) on Saturday.
Germany's Justice Minister Heiko Maas of the Social Democrats (SPD) told the paper that compensation would "depend on concrete individual cases," taking sentence duration into consideration.
A draft law, set to be formally announced this month, will provide for "relatively uncomplicated" individual claims, Maas said.
It also allows for collective compensation. Convicted homosexuals would also have their names cleared.
The minister told "SZ" that he expects more than 5,000 men to have a personal claim.
Thousands of victims
The infamous Paragraph 175, which was part of Germany's criminal code from 1871 to 1994, made homosexual acts between men a crime.
Over 140,000 men were convicted in total, with around 50,000 of them having been prosecuted since the end of World War II.
The anti-gay code was tightened during the Nazi era, which saw thousands of gay and bisexual men rounded up and taken to concentration camps.
After the war, gay men were often arrested again. As well as being jailed, they often lost their jobs and homes and suffered social exclusion.
Repealed but no recompense
In 1968, the former East Germany stopped applying the law, a year before the West, and the code was eventually abolished altogether in 1994.
Nazi-era convictions of homosexuals were lifted in 2002, but there has been no pardon for those sentenced over the past 70 years.
Germany's Green and Left parties have often demanded compensation for those affected by the legislation; the Green's spokeswoman Katja Keul described the lack of willingness to make amends before now "a monstrous disgrace."
Watch video 01:16 Share German court orders gay tax equality Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/18lHe German court orders gay tax equality
mm/rc (EPD, dpa)
Clearance rates at auctions across Australia are in decline compared with previous years, despite the busy spring selling season.
In the two biggest markets, Sydney and Melbourne properties sold at auction were down a combined 15 per cent and 5.4 per cent respectively at the weekend in comparison with 2016 figures.
Across the capital cities, there were 2490 auctions held this week, up from 2258 last week, making it the busiest week for auctions since early June.
However, buyer turnout dipped sharply. Preliminary results from CoreLogic showed a national clearance rate of 70.3 per cent – 7.75 per cent lower compared with the corresponding date last year (76.2 per cent).
Sydney fared slightly worse than the national figure with a preliminary clearance rate of 69.4 per cent from 897 auctions, compared with 81.6 per cent of 815 properties sold at auction in the same week in 2016.
That marked a 15 per cent decrease compared with 12 months prior, but was actually better than the previous week, when the city recorded a clearance rate of 65.8 per cent from 826 auctions.
Independent buyers advocate Cate Bakos said the drop in clearance rates was not even across the board.
“I think Sydney's overall drop is more pronounced than Melbourne's but what is interesting is the reference to segmented regions,” Ms Bakos said. “City clearance rates assume an averaging model but when we segment areas it becomes obvious that not all suburbs, dwelling types and streets are equal.
“I think it's very unfair to suggest that Melbourne is experiencing a ‘clear drop' when there is limited evidence to suggest this. Melbourne's recent weekend's clearance rate compared to last year's was only slight – and this is compounded by the fact that stock numbers were higher this weekend than the corresponding 2016 weekend.
“Melbourne has different drivers to Sydney, and again I like to refocus on the regions, suburbs, sub-markets and dwelling types. Aside from strong inner-ring performance exhibited, Melbourne and Geelong are also experiencing a surge in first home buyer activity as a result of the state government's stamp duty increased concession.
“Generalising markets in capital cities is often a confusing and somewhat fruitless exercise. Sub-markets perform in accordance with their various growth drivers and not all are in synch.”
Real Estate Institute of NSW deputy president Leanne Pilkington said it was clear rates similar to a year ago were unattainable.
“Last year was crazy with that 80 per cent-plus clearance rate, and [the] prices, every week there were new records being set,” Ms Pilkington told The New Daily.
“Clearance rates don't get much higher than 82 per cent in reality, you're going from an absolute high and an unusually strong market, so that's not sustainable. You're never going to get clearance rates at that level sustained for a long period of time.”
And despite Sydney's poor results, Ms Pilkington said the drop in clearance rates was not a cause for concern as the property market softens.
“It seems to be building towards a reasonable spring season [but] I don't think we are going to see that kind of demand,” she said.
“It's almost 70 per cent of auctions sold under the hammer, it's still reasonable, we are happy with a 70 per cent clearance rate.
“It's not something the industry is concerned about, we like to see that because it means it's not too hot, but it's also not the other way. It's a stable market. it's a good, solid market.”
Melbourne outperformed most capital cities with a clearance rate of 73.6 per cent from a considerable 1268 auctions.
However, that figure was down from a clearance rate of 77.8 per cent from 815 auctions in the same week last year – a drop of 5.4 per cent compared with 2016.
“While it's been a relatively slow start to the spring selling season, auction volumes rose this past weekend,” Real Estate Institute of Victoria chief executive Gil King told The New Daily.
“The clearance rate has softened in the past few weeks but we are still seeing strong demand for quality properties, particularly in highly sought-after inner suburbs.
“We anticipate the spring selling season will really get underway in October and given the level of buyer demand, vendors are likely to experience strong results under the hammer in the remainder of the year.”
Of Melbourne suburbs, Doreen. 26 kilometres north-east of the CBD, was the surprise packet with 100 per cent of its 30 properties selling at auction at the weekend, while Mill Park (90.5 per cent from 21) and South Yarra (88 per cent from 25) recorded the next best returns.
Adelaide saw the highest clearance rate over the weekend with 75 per cent of 98 properties, while in Brisbane, just 49 per cent of its 132 auctions sold under the hammer.
Washington (CNN) Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah, the longest serving Republican senator and a Senate traditionalist, told CNN Monday he will vote for the "nuclear option" if it's needed to break a Democratic filibuster of Judge Neil Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court.
Hatch said the controversial procedural move, which would be instituted by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, would be "a very bad thing" for the Senate -- but would be acceptable if it gets Gorsuch installed on the high court.
Many Senate institutionalists worry that changing the filibuster rules would diminish the chamber's role of finding bipartisan solutions to the nation's problems and acting as the "cooling saucer" to the sometimes emotionally-charged actions of the House, where rules allow the majority to dominate the minority.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer announced Thursday that Democrats would filibuster Gorsuch , meaning Republicans, who hold a 52-48 advantage, would have to pick up the support of eight Democrats to overcome the blocking procedure.
"I can't believe that the Democrats would do that," said Hatch, a former chairman of the Judiciary Committee. "I know there are a few radicals that might do that but I would think the vast majority would say this is a very good man."
Only two Democrats -- Sens. Joe Manchin of West Virginia and Heidi Heitkamp of North Dakota -- have signaled they might vote against a filibuster. Democratic leadership aides have said they expect most Democrats to support a filibuster, and many have already expressed their plans to do so. Meanwhile, some Democrats have said they oppose Gorsuch but haven't spoken directly to whether they will filibuster him.
"I will vote no on cloture," said Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse, a Democrat from the blue state of Rhode Island and a vocal Gorsuch critic, speaking of the procedural motion involved.
But for senators from red and purple states, the calculus on Gorsuch is trickier.
"I'm not going to talk about Gorsuch," said Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri as she blew past reporters on the way to vote.
McCaskill is under intense pressure by Republicans to vote to break a Gorsuch filibuster, and she's up for re-election in a state won by President Donald Trump.
Sen. Joe Donnelly of Indiana declined to answer reporters' questions Monday on Gorsuch, directing them to call his office instead.
Sen. Jon Tester of Montana, who is also up for re-election, was less guarded.
"Probably (we'll) have an announcement sometime either later this week or next week," he said calmly. "Filibuster and the vote on him are the same in my book. It's always been that way since I've been here."
One senior Democratic senator, Patrick Leahy of Vermont, tweeted that he is not supporting Gorsuch's confirmation, but at the same time he's "never inclined" to filibuster a Supreme Court nominee.
"I need to see how Judge Gorsuch answers my written Qs, under oath, before deciding," Leahy said on whether he'll filibuster.
The second-ranking Senate Republican, John Cornyn of Texas, alled Leahy's comments "hopeful" and said Republicans were trying to talk to some Democrats about preventing a filibuster.
"There are a number of conversations taking place. I don't think we're where we hope to be but they, I think, are putting off decisions until they know they have to vote," Cornyn said.
Hatch's comments came the same day Republicans began a major push to get Gorsuch confirmed. The Senate was supposed to be focused on passing the repeal and replace bill for the Affordable Care Act, but after it was surprisingly defeated in the House Friday , senators turned in earnest to Gorsuch a week earlier than anticipated.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to clear Gorsuch next Monday, and GOP leaders have vowed to have him confirmed by the end of that week, before leaving town for a two-week recess.
"Look, we know that our Democratic friends are under an enormous amount of pressure from some on the far left who want them to resist. It's clear that many radical special interest groups simply refuse to accept the results of the election and would like nothing more than to obstruct the serious work before the Senate," McConnell said on the floor. "This much is clear: If our Democratic colleagues choose to hold up this nominee, then they're acknowledging that they'll go to any length to block any Supreme Court nominee of a Republican president. This isn't about the nominee at all."
Sen. Lindsey Graham, who has negotiated resolutions during past Senate eruptions over judicial nominations, said he is prepared to vote for the nuclear option even though he would prefer not to.
"I think it would be bad for the Senate," he acknowledged.
But asked if he would try to head off the crisis as he has done before, Graham said: "I don't think so."
Another long-serving Republican senator, Richard Shelby of Alabama, defended the use of the nuclear option.
"We have an outstanding nominee," Shelby said. "If the Democrats want to filibuster I think we ought to make sure that he's confirmed. Period."
Asked if he was worried the changes to the filibuster rules would alter the Senate's DNA, Shelby said no and blamed Democrats for using the nuclear option first.
"If you asked me that 10 years ago, I might have had a different opinion. But majorities rule. Majorities traditionally always rule. And remember the filibuster is not in the Constitution. It's not in any statute. It's not the law. It's a rule," he said. "Democrats have already broken the rule."
Headed to votes Monday evening, Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tennessee, another veteran senator with a reputation for working across the aisle, was not interested in talking about the nuclear option after reporters peppered him with questions about the failed health care bill.
"Let's do one thing at a time," a slightly flustered Alexander said, before he walked away from reporters.
LRTimelapse 5 provides the most comprehensive solution for time lapse editing, keyframing, grading and rendering. No matter if on Windows or Mac, or which camera you use: LRTimelapse will take your time lapse results to the next level.
Check out, what's new in LRTimelapse 5!
If you have never used LRTimelapse, watch my Video Tutorial!
LRTimelapse is being used by most known time lapse producers and many amateurs. It allows keyframing and grading of time lapse sequences in an all-raw-file-based workflow, utilizing the Adobe Camera RAW develop engine implemented in Lightroom (CC Classic (7), 6, 5 and 4) and Adobe Camera Raw.
Creating Day-to-Night and Night-to-Day time lapse transitions is easily and perfectly done with the “Holy-Grail-Wizard”. Rendering of the final sequences can be done in professional video formats like Prores 4:4:4 and 4:2:2 and resolutions up to 8K and beyond – of course consumer formats like MP4/H.264/H.265/HEVC, MJpeg are supported as well.
Time lapse movies are getting more and more popular these days. Still-photographers, filmmakers and multimedia artists are discovering this new and exciting facet of photography.
LRTimelapse is being used by those people (see some outstanding work by LRTimelapse users on the demo page), because it enables them to use their favorite photographic tools (Lightroom Classic or Adobe Camera RAW) to produce time lapses with all the advantages and power that those tools offer for image editing. It allows them to easily deal with time lapse specifics, like getting rid of the tedious flicker-effect and even helps them to achieve the so-called “holy grail of time lapse photography”: smooth day-to-night transitions.
By Chris Wright
Borussia Dortmund workhorse Kevin Grosskreutz has publicly apologised after shutting-up a gobby Cologne fan on a night out by ramming his kebab into the chap's face.
It would appear that the Cologne fan was part of a group who were chanting vaguely insulting things at Grosskreutz right up until the point that the Dortmund midfielder snapped and launched his doner kebab at the 34-year-old man.
“I perceived the situation as insulting and it offended my privacy,” Grosskreutz is quoted as saying by Goal.com (we know, we know).
“Of course, it would have been better if I hadn't thrown the doner in public. There is no doubt that this situation isn't ideal. I'm sorry.”
According to reports, the incident left the Cologne fan with “burning eyes” (that'll be the chilli sauce!) with the police later confirming that a complaint was filed against Grosskreutz.
“It is true that a complaint was filed against Mr Grosskreutz,” the police spokesman said. “We have started a criminal case for wilful injury.”
Fun, fun, fun!
Thanks to @WolfmansNephew for the following WWE SmackDown spoilers from tonight's taping in Albany, NY:
* Stardust and Goldust retained the WWE Tag Team Titles over The Usos in a steel cage match, which was said to be a very good match. Stardust pinned one of The Usos.
* Ryback defeated Cesaro with Shellshocked.
* R-Truth defeated Adam Rose with a roll-up after The Bunny distracted Rose, possibly accidentally. Rose attacked The Bunny after the match. Rose and the Rosebuds left without The Bunny.
* Christian returns to host his Peep Show segment. The special guest is Dean Ambrose. Bray Wyatt interrupts and chaos ensues with Wyatt and Ambrose going at it.
* Summer Rae defeated Natalya with a roll up when Tyson Kidd, who was on commentary, left and distracted Natalya.
* They did a segment in the ring with Soldier Socks and Military veteran Dan Rose, about a new exoskeleton that has been developed for paraplegics. WWE is partnering with Soldier Socks to help disabled US veterans.
* Kane vs. Dolph Ziggler in a steel cage match is next. Ziggler ends up escaping the cage to get the win and end SmackDown.
As many of you are aware, we have been showing custom versions of X-Plane with support for the Oculus Rift at different shows and conferences. Naturally you want to get your hands on it as quickly as possible, and some of you have engaged in lively discussions on the forums and in the Steam community, which is why I'd like to give you a quick update on the current state of development.
First of all a big “thank you” to Bob from RC Simulations, who provided us with a DK2. His order was in the first batch, and he generously lent it to us until ours got delivered a few days ago.
The good news is that my DK2 now sort-of works with X-Plane on my Mac and PC. Now hold your breath, because the “sort-of” is an important part of the story. The bad news is that Oculus recently introduced some fundamental changes into the way the display of the Rift is exposed to the operating system. The changes were quite disruptive and haven't even made it to Mac and Linux yet.
The latest SDK from Oculus comes with a proprietary display driver for Windows, to allow for a smoother display with less motion blur because it runs at 75Hz (instead of the 60Hz of virtually every computer monitor nowadays). This driver apparently works okay for Direct-X based games, but doesn't work at all with openGL applications like X-Plane. For Mac and Linux, not even an unstable driver is available as of now.
On Windows, if we try to use the low-latency “Direct-to-Rift” mode, we get a Blue Screen of Death. It is a well-known problem of the latest Oculus SDK, that it doesn't work with openGL. Any title with native DK2 support you find out there runs on DirectX, which also means it is a Windows-only title.
A user on the org forum posted this Star Trek quote:
“The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few” (or “the one”).
suggesting we should't wait for Oculus to provide Mac and Linux support and instead release a Windows beta RIGHT NOW.
In case it's not entirely clear from I wrote above, the platform availability is not the problem! Even if we were to release Windows-only, we'd still need working openGL support in the Oculus display driver.
Using the DK2 in “Extended Desktop” mode like the DK1 is not really an option. Due to the DK2 running at 75Hz, and your primary monitor at 60Hz (unless you still have one of those heavy CRT monitors) you will get terrible vsync. It is dropping frames left and right (regardless of your actual frame rate!) causing what people on the Oculus forums refer to as “DK2 judder”. In fact, DK1 looks better than DK2 right now, given we can only use the “Extended” mode, and that is just lame.
I am heading out to Oculus Connect later this week, where I hope to get some insight into the what and when of openGL support, the roadmap for their drivers and if we are ever going to see native DK2 support on Mac and Linux.
As of now, I have to tell you that for anything but DirectX-based games, the Oculus SDK is so beta that it is not even alpha. We will have to wait for future versions of the Oculus SDK to fix those issues.
The forthcoming “Ghostbusters” reboot, whose main cast was announced Tuesday night, will almost certainly pass “The Bechdel Test,” a basic way to estimate the involvement of, and priority given to, female characters on-screen (barring some crazy reimagining of the original film's concept). Four women — Kristen Wiig, Melissa McCarthy, Kate McKinnon and Leslie Jones — will be donning the proton packs.
That may be good news for troubled Sony Pictures, because — as I found last year — a movie that passes the test and integrates women tends to have a better return on investment given its budget and gross:
It's also not surprising that this win takes place in comedy, where women tend to be better represented — at least in recent years — than in other genres, according to the Media Diversity & Social Change Initiative at the University of Southern California's Annenberg School.
Most of all, a big-ticket tentpole franchise film helmed entirely by women in a science-fiction comedy is relatively new ground. And it could spur a bump in the rate of films that feature women in meaningful roles — a rate that has unfortunately been relatively stagnant, as the chart at the top of this piece shows.
In the morning hours of July 31, 2014, a former Syrian military police photographer with the code name “Caesar,” sneaked into the U.S. Capitol Complex. Caesar had escaped from Syria with more than 50,000 photos showing mass torture and murder of some 11,000 detainees by Bashar al-Assad's regime—and was preparing to expose it to the world.
Armed with the photos, Caesar was set to lay bare Syria's grim reality before the House Foreign Affairs Committee. A congressional staffer who was a former member of the CIA's clandestine service oversaw the hearing's security procedures.
GALLERY: Photos of Assad's Killing Machine (PHOTOS)
But the State Department objected to Caesar, one of the primary witnesses of the Syrian regime's torture and human rights abuses, speaking publicly before Congress, according to six congressional, State Department, and Syrian opposition sources, as well as contemporaneous documentation.
The State Department said the reason it wanted to downplay the publicity of this hearing was over security concerns, despite elaborate security procedures taken to ensure Caesar's safety. But several sources familiar with the matter told The Daily Beast that the hesitancy went beyond ordinary security considerations.
“They fought the Caesar hearing tooth and nail. I've never seen them fight anything vis-a-vis the committee like that,” said one congressional aide.
A Syrian opposition activist added, “They freaked out.”
This weekend marks the fourth anniversary of an uprising against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, which sparked the Syrian revolution. Upwards of 220,000 people have been killed in the intervening period.
Caesar's documentary evidence was, and still is, the most vivid testimony of the human rights abuses that the Assad regime is committing against detainees. In scenes reminiscent of a genocide, Caesar's photos showed detainees who were killed in a horrific manner: by strangulation, burning, bruising, starvation, and even disembowelment.
Congress is seen as a secure site for many public hearings, featuring high-profile American diplomatic, intelligence and national security officials in open settings on a regular basis. Even the president visits on occasion. Visitors go through magnetometers to access the Capitol Complex for high-profile events, as was the case with Caesar.
The precautions surrounding Caesar's hearing went even further.
Caesar stayed in an off-the-beaten-path hotel in northeast Washington, D.C. Two nights before the public hearing, they brought him into the hearing room to get him comfortable with the set-up. Late at night, they entered the U.S. Capitol Complex, using a network of underground tunnels to reach the Rayburn House Office Building. They walked through the room and got Caesar comfortable even with the chair he would sit in, before sneaking out of the building after midnight.
On the morning of the hearing, congressional staffers arrived to pick Caesar up from his hotel. En route to his giving his testimony, the staffers employed counter-surveillance techniques to ensure they were not being followed. After these measures were deployed, they drove into a Capitol parking garage.
The former Syrian military police photographer arrived in the Capitol Complex several hours before the hearing, waiting in a well-appointed room in the Rayburn House Office Building, sitting in a plush chair while two men stood guard at the door.
The hearing itself went off without a hitch, but an unusually large number of armed U.S. Capitol policemen were in the room to provide security. And if anyone moved toward Caesar, two Syrian opposition advocates had been tasked with tackling them.
During Caesar's testimony, he whispered into a translator's ear with the microphone off, so that that no one could ever hear his voice. And while photographers were allowed access to the meeting at the start, they were asked to leave shortly before the testimony occurred.
Photographers took an iconic photo of Caesar from behind, wrapped in a Blue Patagonia hooded jacket from Hudson Trail Outfitters, talking to members of Congress. To ensure no one could see him, he was also wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses.
After the hearing, Caesar was whisked out of the room by Congressional staff, with the public and media prevented from approaching him. As a further security precaution, a decoy dressed like Caesar left the Capitol—the real Caesar exited in a different disguise several hours later to attend other meetings in Washington, D.C.
These security procedures, in the views of State Department officials at the time, were not sufficient. When Congressional staff laid out the procedures for State Department officials, they simply objected based on vague security concerns. Asked by The Daily Beast, a State Department spokesman declined to elaborate.
Obama administration officials had also tried to dictate to Caesar's handlers the conditions surrounding his trip to the United States last year. The State Department acknowledges that it wanted “a low-profile press posture for the entire thing, just for his safety.”
The agency insisted that Caesar not be allowed any interviews with news outlets, nor any lawmakers be permitted to issue press releases following meetings with Caesar until he left the country.
A fierce State Department lobbying effort to cancel or at least close the hearing to the public persisted until the night before the committee meeting was to begin. For two days before the hearing, State Department officials called Caesar's handlers, committee staff, and House leadership nonstop.
The State Department had given special dispensation for Caesar to be allowed into the United States, a process which took months and required extraordinary measures. But the trip had originally thought to include only private, closed-door meetings—and the agency strongly opposed public meetings or press attention.
So, just days before the hearing, the House Foreign Affairs Committee had dropped a bombshell: a hearing with Caesar, open to all.
There was enough mistrust between Congress and the State Department that the House Foreign Affairs Committee's plans for a hearing were not revealed to the agency until around the time it was announced to the public.
Obama administration officials were taken off guard when they found out, only after Caesar had arrived in the United States, that he would be a witness at an open congressional hearing.
Despite elaborate security precautions that were put in place, the State Department cited security issues: that Caesar's identity could be inadvertently revealed, or even that he could be assassinated.
“I reject any suggestion that we were less than fully supportive of his visit, his briefings or his meetings,” said a State Department spokesman. “We initiated the process to bring him here so that U.S. government officials who were analyzing some of the evidence he provided, members of Congress and others could hear directly from him about some of the abuses the [Syrian] regime committed.”
Yet the visit also raised uncomfortable questions. Despite the Obama administration's stated policy of opposing the Assad government, the U.S. hadn't done much to force him out. In some instances—like the removal of chemical weapons—Washington and Damascus even worked together.
At the time, the Obama administration was sensitive about critiques of its Syria policy. Shortly after the hearing, a bipartisan group of lawmakers met with President Obama at the White House. Responding to the suggestion that he should have armed the Syrian rebels earlier, the president said that criticism was “horseshit.”
Some in Congress believed that this attitude spilled over to Foggy Bottom, and that it made the State Department less than eager to highlight Assad's atrocities.
“The point was not to hide it under a bush. We were trying to tell the world that this terrible atrocity was happening,” a congressional aide said. “[The Obama administration] didn't want to answer the question—‘Well, what are you going to do about it?' It's a tough question, and they didn't want that.”
That accusation is a point that prompted aggressive pushback from the State Department.
“The reasons that we urged a closed briefing,” a spokesman said, “was for security reasons only.”
Ray Parlour has revealed the full extent of the once-notorious drinking culture at Arsenal and told how Steve Bould, who is now the club's assistant manager, once ordered a mammoth 35-pint round for five team-mates during Arsène Wenger's first summer as manager in 1997.
“I'll always remember the first pre-season tour with Arsène Wenger,” Parlour said. “New French lads had come into the team like Patrick Vieira, Emmanuel Petit and Gilles Grimandi. We worked our socks off and at the end of the trip Wenger said we could all go out. You know what we were like, we went straight down to the pub and the French lads went to the coffee shop.
“I'll always remember the moment Steve Bould went up to the bar and ordered 35 pints for five of us. After we left the bar we spotted all the French lads in the coffee shop and they were sitting around smoking.
“I thought, 'How are we going to win the league this year? We're all drunk and they're all smoking'. We ended up winning the double that year.”
During an appearance on Thursday on online sports chat show Sportlobster TV, Parlour and former team-mate Nigel Winterburn also described the antics of the old ‘Tuesday Club' and how Wenger ended the drinking culture.
“On a Monday, Wednesday and Thursday people were dressed in tracksuits,” Parlour said. “On a Tuesday everyone turned up with their suits on. George [Graham] was trying to work out what was going on – but we were obviously going out on the town.”
Winterburn added: “It all stopped really when Arsène Wenger put a ban on drink being served in the lounge, and then Tony [Adams, the former captain] gave up drinking.”
Parlour defended Jack Wilshere following the Arsenal midfielder's apology earlier this season for being photographed out smoking.
“Ten or 15 years ago that would never have happened,” Parlour said. “He probably didn't even drink that night, he's only had an odd cigarette and it won't do him that much damage. I used to go down the pub with all the supporters when we won a game at Highbury. I loved it and it wasn't a problem.”
Wenger is credited with revolutionising the preparation of players and their diet, not just at Arsenal, which are considered crucial as squads face increasingly demanding fixture schedules.
Arsenal travel to Manchester City tomorrow just three days after a tough Champions League fixture away to Napoli and Mikel Arteta, the Gunners midfielder, claims that he is baffled by the limited preparation time for a match that could conceivably decide the Premier League title.
Wenger's team returned from Italy at 4am on Thursday morning and must now travel to Manchester on Friday ahead of the 12.45pm kick-off on Saturday for a match that is being screened live on BT Sport.
City, by contrast, had the advantage of playing on Tuesday against Bayern Munich and were also able to rotate seven of their first-team regulars, including Vincent Kompany, Yaya Touré, Sergio Agüero, Samir Nasri and Álvaro Negredo.
While those players have had a full week to rest and focus on the chance to cut Arsenal's five-point lead at the top of the table, the preparations for Wenger's team will simple revolve around trying to recover physically, although he will at least be boosted by the possible return from injury of Bacary Sagna.
“The mood is fine, the recovery time is very tight,” Arteta said. “I don't understand why we play Sunday afternoon [against Everton], Wednesday evening, get back at 4am and then play again on Saturday morning in Manchester. It will just be about recovery. It's not ideal.”
Wenger has complained regularly about the influence of television on kick-off times and argued for the Premier League to introduce an “ethics committee” that would oversee the schedule to ensure that no team receive an obvious advantage.
So, we're back!
With conquest of Bangkok and promotion of dat bailiff our financial situation improves dramatically. Montly income doubles, not to mention Census Tax. We actually have something to work with, not only that, our most dangerous rival is erased forever.
Let's talk about money! Taxes is based on your basetax and multiplied by stability - at +3 you get 120% tax money. Goods are money from goods produced, and (17%) is our current Infra Efficiency, which is affected by DP, Infra tech and, wait for it, manufactory (goods manu in this case). Same with Trade below, there's Trade Efficiency, which is affected(...) Trade(...)(refinery manu in this case). Same with(...).
Stop it. Early game trade is useless, and I have a good idea how to rectify it via moddings. But for now, let us stick to old strategy. Infra 3 unlocks Refinery manufactory.
Each Manufactory adds 0.6 monthly income to the province it's built in. It adds another 0.6 if province is producing special bonus goodies. For Refineries, it's Wine and Sugar. For Military Complex it's iron and copper. Goods - cloth, cotton, tobacco. Naval Complex - fish and naval supplies. There's also Fine Arts Academy, you unlock it at Infra 2. It gives you full bonus (1.2) only in capital. All manus add monthly +5 to their respective technology. Refinery/Goods Manu boost Trade/Infra Efficiency by 1%. Academy lowers stability cost by 1%. There's some other minor boons I've forgotten atm.
Manufactories have two great benefits - they have terrific impact on your research and economy, and also, they look so pretty! They have their own little icons and I can never get enough of them. It's almost like collecting postal stamps or something.
Manus really meant something back in EU2/FtG. I was really disappointed by their EU4 version :(
Random Events are the bane of any player. They are always here to kick you in your very privates. Shitty, unbalanced, with barely any triggers...one of my modding goals is to rework the system entirely, but that's work for weeks. Nevertheless, legendary Unhappiness among Peasants...sod off cunts, we have noice stab, Serfdom DP isn't all that bad, the hell you complain about?
While rebels consume Hanoi once again, we reach Infra 2. Some more Infra Efficiency, which ups your Goods income (see first screenshot).
You know only now I've realized I always play at political mapmode. In EU2, it was literally impossible - you couldn't see or command military units on political mapmode :D Had to use default terrain mapmode.
Have I told you terrain mapmode is UNGODLY HOT? Because it is.
And I've said nothing about province view. Why was it purged from newer Paradox games? EU2 and CK1 province views are...breath-taking, especially Crusader Kings 1. It just makes you realize how much your country has grown, with bigger buildings and improvements. Paradox why do you remove good stuff!
Shame I actually don't have any screenshots of those two thingies on me. Currently I'm in the 1560s, so you'll have to wait for some of that sweet sweet imagery until then :)
1439 comes and we get to move our DP once again. We push towards Centralization. It's absolutely mandatory.
Still, there are plenty of other DP changes awaiting in the future. Definitely gotta move towards Quality and Free Trade. Naval/Land undecided because we might end up with some colonial possesions. Others are fine for now.
Mere decade after Ayutthaya's demise, cracks have already started appearing in relations between members of Mon League of Anti-Thainess. Mon and Khmers keep bickering about ownership of Bangkok. It causes tension and hands out free Casus Bellis to spark more nasty wars...
I don't mind it at all. :D
Okay so let's talk about Infamy...AE...no, here it's called Badboy (BB). Whatchagonnadowhentheycomeforyou? Anyway, it's the number (2.0) under our Stability (+1) on the top bar. How does it work? Basically there's max BB limit, it starts at 36 or 38, whatever. If you start being too noisy (over 50% BB Limit) you might suffer from that thing called Badboy Wars. Basically all your AI neighbours just suddenly want to have a go at you and DoW you without remorse :D Unless you're massively stronger they'll have a go at you. All of them. And when you breach BB Limit completely, it's basically neverending war against everyone who borders you.
It's all a bit crazy but I don't mind :D Early on I try to not cross 50% of BB Limit simply because it also has an effect of doubling your stability cost, which is terrible. And anyway, why am I talking about BB?
Because we just no CB DoW'd Champa. Look at the history log (bottom of the screen) - you lose two stability points for noCB wars. You can lose additional 1 if you have the same religion as defender, another -1 if you have royal marriage, -5 for truce...
Also we get 2BB for no-CB DoW. Since stab is cheap and we have no other options but to expand fast, that's the only option. For Christian and Muslim religions, annexing countries of your religion group is really costly - 5BB. But in Asia, for some reason, you can annex your religion countries for mere 2BB. We can annex everyone around us for very little BB and it's a great thing.
Champa has no defences and submits quickly. And would you look at that - Anti-Thainess League is about to dissolve. How sad...
What we have to do is be fast about it - ally one of former allies (for now) and destroy others. Lan Xang has all our claimprovinces, so it needs to go. Malacca has one of our claims (free CB) and also Center of Trade. Center of Trade, even if we don't do actual trade, means some top-level cash flow.
Arakan can just go. Away. No one needs them.
Alliance automatically expires after ten years since its creation OR last peace signed. We quickly grab Mon, just so they won't trouble us. Then, we turn our eyes north. Lan Xang is our next target.
I looked at my morale again, and screamed in despair, knowing this would be the shitshow of all times...
So, we declare war - Mon is not needed. Lan Xang attacks us in Bangkok, which is swamp, which THEORETICALLY means we should bury them alive. But, with those conditions, it's The Dice which will decide it all.
While we fight Laotians, pay attention to Vietnam, China, together with their Korean lapdogs are invading Dai Viet once again. It's gonna be good I promise!
Lan Xang arrives, of course they roll 9. Every. Single. Time. According to EU2Wiki, there seem to be suspicions that morale might somehow affect dice rolls. Whether it's true, no idea. But sometimes I have the shittiest luck, while other times, thanks to the dice, I steamroll everyone without any trouble.
Well, let's continue.
Having suffered the loss I decide to go over support limit. We need to stop Lan Xang from recruiting more people, at any cost.
While their siege of Bangkok sees no progress, we use 1k stacks to block their provinces. It means they can't recruit anyone - which is nice. Also, we get some benefit from looting their provinces - which is, guess what, nice.
We try to expel Laotians from Bangkok, and oh my goodness is the dice kind again. 8 to 3 and we score a really good W here.
That's not good! If Cambodia falls, Fall of Khmer Empire triggers and while we can survive it, avoiding it would be highly desirable.
I decide to siege Laos for now and see what happens.
Soon enough - and I was probably panicking too much - I decide to reassemble my army again and face Laotians at the gates of our capital. While military movement happened we get one of the best random events in the game. Conversion of Heretics can trigger when your Innovative DP is 4 or below (which is where I like to keep it), and it converts our only Hindu province, Da Lat. This is great! Let me explain.
In EU2/FtG, you have tolerance sliders for each religion (gonna show it to you one day). Thing is, you'll never be able to tolerate all religions equally. You can usually fully tolerate one (100%), somewhat tolerate another (50%) and despise the last one (0%). In our case it's 100% for Buddhist, 50% for Hindu (because we have one province) and 0% for Muslim (Sunni and Shia).
We don't have to bother with Hindu, so I can afford to tolerate Muslims, which means we can expand to the South and actually not fight endless rebels. Nice!
Tolerance affects revoltrisk, depeding on how much will you tolerate it. Above 50% revoltrisk is gradually reduced, below 50% - gradually increased. That's why having three religions in your country is dangerous - it means some areas will require constant military presence to squash neverending rebels until you convert that province.
It's really hard to explain it without a screenshot. I'll get you one someday I swear!
Back on the frontlines, Khmers arrive to Cambodia - battle starts out really good, we've got this!
Attrition in Laos reduces our blocking stack there below 1000, which is 1/5th of fortress size, which means blockade is broken and now Lan Xang started recruiting units there. Dammit!
Actually no, fuck you, I mean, fuck me...not literally, well...it's complicated. Whatever!
Dice, I hate you so much.
We devise a new plan to siege Mekong asap and block Laos again, but guess what?! DICE.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Thankfully Laotians are content with watching their countryside being burninated by Khmer invaders. Mekong stack goes to Sarakham.
Somehow dice favours us in Laos again. We siege Sarakham and Laos, and LXers are routed to Mekong.
Our strategy goes like this: hopefully we'll siege remaining provinces before they take their capital back.
Sun Tzu ain't got shit on my strategies!
Reinforcements arrive, and so we can advance both sieges while attempting daring attack through river in mountains - it's all up to dice anyway and that square bitch favours us again, somehow.
Meanwhile Korea seizes Da Nang, while southern China is set ablaze by rebellions. Glorious!
Routed Lan Xang armies arrive to Laos and....destroy us...
RRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
This takes way too much time! Oh goddamit I swear to the Godder himself what is this madness!
More recrutations in the capital while Sarakham slowly succumbs to us.
Back to the old plan - we've seized Sarakham, although Laotians are making dangerous progress with their siege.
Guess what decides sieges? Artillery, leader's siege stat (which can be 1 if your Offensive DP is 2 or lower?), and...RANDOM NUMBER GENERATED DICE.
I can't even...
New plan! We charge them blindly in Mekong to hold off their siege before our siege completes so we get 100% WS and thus are able to take 2 of their 3 provinces.
Call me Jomini von Clausewitz, God of Warfare.
Random Number Generation OP pls nerf.
Also, war in Vietnam ends. Korea(!!!) gets Tahn Noah and China gets nothing but REBELS, REBELS, REBELS.
Good job, Joseon m80boy!
So, we've lost again...but somehow, AI abandons their siege and tries to save Laos now.
What the hell...
NOW YOU FUCKED UP.
YOU FUCKED UP NOW.
NNNNOOWWWW YOOUU FUCKED UP!
Yeah AI does stuff like this. Maybe they just felt sorry for me, who knows. But we seize Laos six days later, before LX even gets there. And we have 100% WS. We strongly demand whatever financial monies and valuables they have, along with two of their provinces.
Victory by AI Mercy Achieved!
And Hainan rebels defect to Korea, thus creating South Korea in Indochina. China itself has massive troubles defeating rebels across the country. Crazy stuff. They get a lot of revoltrisk because of historical troubles with Emperors (one of them getting captured by Oirats or something), that's what happened I believe.
Having won the shitshow war, we relocate our forces to Bangkok, we need to rest and consider our next moves...
Perhaps insolent ruler of Lan Na could become our next target? Find out in the next episde of Green Khmers, First For The Glory AAR Around Here! :D
Huge thanks for adding For the Glory category, I shall fill it with joyful AARs, consisting of screenshots, screaming and pure angery.
To hell with the dice! It's terrible :(
Also I wish I could show you more stuff (religious tolerance, terrain mapmode etc) but I have played up until 1560s, so when we get there I'll show you all the other beautiful pictures of the best looking Paradox game ever.
That's it for today! Please let me know, via Reddit means, what do you think about stuff like text and amount of screeneshotters. I really want to know!
See you!
~SirAnjin
In the past, I jokingly said that broccoli might someday be banned as soon as the public begins to learn about the potent anti-cancer chemicals found in the vegetable. Thats because, as I jested, the FDA wouldnt want people treating their own cancer with the anti-cancer medicines found in cruciferous vegetables. But it seems that my joke wasnt so funny after all, because the FDA is now threatening cherry growers with raids to confiscate their cherries, haul them into court, and put them out of business for doing one simple thing that the FDA cannot stand to allow: The distribution of scientific information describing the health benefits of cherries.
On October 17, 2005, the FDA sent warning letters to 29 companies that market cherries. In these letters, the FDA threatened these companies with legal action and told them they had to remove the scientific information on their websites that described the health benefits of the natural medicines found in cherries, such as the anthocyanins that reduce inflammation for arthritis sufferers. According to the warped FDA logic that now seems to be standard, when cherry growers post scientific information about the health benefits of their cherries, they magically transform their cherries into drugs and therefore, as drugs, they must have FDA approval in order to sell them in the United States.
The FDA says a cherry is a drug
Now, any normal, sane person would look at a cherry and say, Its just a cherry. Its a natural fruit that people have been eating for as long as anyone can remember. But the FDA , in light of the fact that people are now discovering that cherries are actually good medicine, looks at a cherry and says (paraphrasing), No, its a drug, and you have to have our permission to market it, and if you continue to talk about the health benefits of cherries, we will use our power to put you out of business.
Ive often talked about the tyranny of the FDA and its campaign to censor the scientific truth about the healing benefits of natural foods, including cherries and many other items. This event demonstrates perfectly well the sinister nature of the FDA, which clearly intends to restrict the spread of knowledge about cherries and thereby protect the profits of anti-inflammatory drugs that treat joint pain. If Americans knew the true power of cherries to reduce inflammation, you see, the sales of anti-inflammatory drugs might plummet, and the criminal drug pushers who run organized medicine today can't allow that to happen. Hence, censorship and oppression of scientific information are the tactics used to keep the American people ignorant and, therefore, controlled.
Because it's not just cherries that contain powerful medicine, you see. It's blueberries, garlic, cabbage, onions, ginger, turmeric, cinnamon, aloe vera, almonds and a thousand other natural foods and medicinal herbs. If the public understood the true healing power of these foods -- and the powerful medicines they contain -- conventional medicine and all its drug-pushing participants would suddenly be irrelevant and bankrupt.
That's what the drug pushers absolutely cannot allow happening, and that's why the American people must be kept ignorant at all costs, even if it means engaging in book burning, armed raids on alternative medicine clinics, and jackbooted censorship of simple truths that might empower people to take charge of their own health. It is the most insidious use of power by any federal agency because its aim is ignorance, not education. It seeks to isolate people from information that might save them in order to control them, and it is the same tactic used by every evil regime in world history, including Nazi Germany. It also makes the FDA the single greatest threat to the health and safety of the American people, far outweighing the threat of terrorism in terms of the number of people harmed or killed. (See "Statistics prove prescription drugs are 16,400% more deadly than terrorists")
So Im just curious; are cherry growers who distribute scientific information now going to be arrested as cherry traffickers? Will people start smuggling cherries across borders so that their customers can benefit from the healing effects of these natural foods? Will the FDA raid cherry orchards with guns drawn like it did Dr. Jonathan Wrights clinic in Seattle many years ago? Will cherry growers be arrested and tried on crimes of making health claims or illegally marketing unapproved drugs?
These things were once thought of as being ridiculous. The very idea that a natural food could be outlawed was once considered a joke. Now it is one step closer to reality as this tyrannical organization, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, is censoring scientific information on the health benefits of cherries and using its power to threaten cherry growers into silence.
More nonsense from the FDA
Amazingly, the FDA doesnt claim to disagree with the scientific information about cherries. Instead, it says that cherries have not been recognized as safe and effective when used as labeled. And as the Life Extension Foundation explains, the FDAs interpretation of the law means that cherry growers are engaged in criminal conduct by relaying findings that have been published in peer reviewed scientific journals.
So now publishing information makes you a criminal even if that information is scientifically sound and widely known to be absolutely true. If this isn't a blatant violation of the First Amendment, I don't know what is. Where's the Electronic Freedom Foundation on this issue? Isn't this a clear case where the tyranny of the FDA should be openly challenged by champions of Free Speech?
Cherries are now, according to the FDA, not recognized as safe and effective when used "as labeled." Im just curious, what does the label of cherries says about using it? Does it say, Eat me? Because that's what we should all be saying to the FDA right now, as it is an agency immersed in such absolute nonsense that even fools can see the emperor has no clothes. To say a cherry is a drug and then threaten cherry growers with drug crimes is something ripped right out of the pages of 1984 and its Ministry of Truth. (See Wikipedia to learn more.)
In terms of genuine authority, the FDA is nothing short of an utter joke and an embarrassment to the American people. Unfortunately, it still has power, and it is exploiting that power to threaten cherry growers with criminal prosecution for doing what people have done for countless generations on this earth, which is to grow their own fruits and eat those fruits while enjoying their many benefits.
Do not tolerate unjust authority
Gandhi once initiated the Salt March to Dandi (the "Salt Satyagraha") in defiance of the tyrannical salt taxation rules of the occupying British government, and there he and his followers intentionally violated the law by harvesting salt from the waters. It was a practice that had been carried out for centuries by the people there, and one that provides essential minerals for human health. Gandhis defiance may teach us something very important about modern times, and that is that when a law is so unjust as to stand in violation of fundamental human rights,
The FDA operates today much like the occupying British in 20th century India, oppressing the people, outlawing natural traditions like salt harvesting in order to control a monopoly market, silencing dissent, and threatening any organization or individual that challenges its power. The FDA, as it exists today, is an organization of tyranny and injustice that simply has no place in a free society.
Thats why I believe it is time for growers of cherries, fruits, vegetables and other healing foods to take a stand against the FDA. Stand firm against oppression and censorship, and stand up for your right to tell the truth about the healing benefits of your natural products. The FDAs reclassification of cherry growers as criminals is a violation of every system of law and ethics that weve known on this planet. It is a violation of natural law, it is a violation of Gods law, and it is a violation of basic human rights, which include the right to grow and eat food and share that food with your neighbors along with information about what those foods can do to nourish them.
The FDA would like to imagine that it is the ultimate authority over all things health related and that only it can approve what words we might use to describe the fruits and vegetables we share with our neighbors. And as such, the FDA is an entity of ignorance and evil that actually seeks to de-educate the American people, and the day of outing the criminals who currently operate the FDA is long overdue. This is an agency whose decision makers need to be immediately arrested and tried for their crimes against humanity. It is an agency that demands wholesale reform from top to bottom and that must eliminate its obvious conflicts of interest and its desire to protect the pharmaceutical industry. It must be reformed with a new mission that it should have been following all along: To protect the health of the people it is supposed to serve.
End the tyranny of the FDA
If you're an American voter, one of the best ways to protect your health freedom, which is clearly under assault by the Food and Drug Administration as well as other disease-promoting interest groups, is to support the(HR4282). It is a bill that will allow organizations like cherry growers to tell the truth about their products, as long as that truth is based on sound science. It would allow cherry growers, for example, to reference the published scientific studies that report on the healing benefits of the phytochemicals found in cherries.
It is a shame that in this country we even need such a bill, but we do need it, because the level of censorship, oppression, and tyranny now practiced by the FDA has reached its apex, and we must fight back with legislation that ends the tyranny of the Food and Drug Administration and reinforces our right to access information that can help us live happier, healthier and longer lives. Support the Health Freedom Protection Act (HR4282) by writing your representatives in Congress and voicing your opinion. Also visit the Life Extension Foundation, publishers of Life Extension Magazine, which contributed to this report.
Finally, refuse to live as a slave of conventional medicine and the FDA for another day. Demand health freedom and settle for nothing less than the ending of this age of medical tyranny that seeks to turn us all -- you, your parents, your children and preschoolers -- into ignorant, drug-induced consumers who will never know true freedom, nor true health. Perhaps the greatest legacy that we can pass on to our children is the ending of this medical McCarthyism and the unfolding of a new golden age of health freedom. Stay active and informed, and do not let ignorance and oppression prevail.
Action items
If you know a cherry grower or cherry marketing company, forward this article to them.
If you are a cherry grower or marketing company, link to this article.
If you'd like to take a stand against the FDA and challenge this censorship, Truth Publishing will gladly provide global coverage to your story through articles, phone interviews and even video interviews distributed to over half a million readers around the world. If you're fed up with FDA oppression, and you'd like to take part in a David vs. Goliath free speech battle that could prove pivotal to the ending of FDA tyranny, contact us through our feedback form. Anonymity is 100% assured. We won't share details about your story without your permission.
Getty Images
The NFL's PED policy is sufficiently effective to ensnare players who use supplements that contain banned substances. However, the PED policy has yet to catch many (if any) actual cheaters.
Those observations hinge on the honesty of the stream of PED offenders who claim they used a supplement that, unbeknownst to them, included one of the many chemicals and compounds on the long list of forbidden fruits.
Colts defensive tackle Arthur Jones, suspended four games for a PED violation, is the latest cheater-who-isn't-a-cheater. Via Bob Kravitz of WTHR.com, Jones said, “I did a piss poor job of double-checking my supplements to make sure nothing was banned.”
The pun probably wasn't intended; the “I am not a crook” message surely was. Either no one is deliberately using PEDs or they aren't getting caught or, when they get caught, they're claiming that they merely took a substance that they didn't know included a banned substance.
Maybe Jones is telling the truth. The fact that his truth matches the terms of what so many times is used as an excuse makes it harder for folks to accept that his violation occurred inadvertently.
Airline passengers on a flight from Zhengzhou to Hainan in south China, were moved when they noticed one of the flight attendants feeding a man with disabilities, bringing him to tears.
The moment was captured on December 8, Fan Xuesong knelt down and fed the 71-year-old named Mr Niu, who recently suffered from a stroke and is unable to grip a spoon to eat, reports The People's Daily Online.
Speaking to reporters after the photos of the touching moment moved millions in China, flight attendant Fan said: 'When I started to feed him dinner, the old man suddenly began to cry.'
An air hostess from China's Hainan airlines was pictured feeding a disabled elderly passenger on December 8
Deeply touched: After the hostess, named Fan Xuesong, started to feed man, he was brought to tears
Miss Fan is being praised in China for her good deed on the HU7302 flight from Zhengzhou to Haikou city.
Two years ago Mr Niu, who is a retired professor of medicine, had a stroke that left him partially paralysed and wheelchair bound, his wife and child are now his sole carers.
Mr Niu was said to be travelling with his wife at the time.
Miss Fan said she had him transferred to the front seat where there is more space and it is more convenient for him to go to the bathroom, but mainly so she could properly care for him.
Mr Niu's wife, however, was not given a priority seat, which resulted in the couple sitting apart.
Miss Fan noticed Mr Niu was struggling when he was given his food to eat, so she helped him by carefully feeding him.
'When I said I wanted to feed him, he suddenly felt touched and started to cry,' she said.
Miss Fan fed him rice which he found too hard to chew, so she grabbed a box of noodles, he chocked several times but she was patient.
Clearly emotional: The flight attendant wipes away the man's tears after she helped him eat his dinner
This made Mr Niu cry even more, so she had to grab some tissues to wipe his tears away.
A passenger who saw the event unfold took a photo then uploaded it to Weibo - Chinese social media similar to Twitter - where it was shared by millions who also felt touched by the story.
One person replied to the images: 'Real service does not depend on the training and requirements, it is heartfelt feelings.'
The set of pictures were also shared by the official Weibo account of Hainan Airlines, which has more than 1.6 million followers.
Mr Niu told local reporters: 'Someone tried to take her photo and she asked them not to. I couldn't help but cry as she helped me eat, blew my nose and wiped away my tears.
'I do not know the girls name but given the chance I would thank her again.'
The pictures have moved millions of Chinese web users after they appeared on social media this week
Fan Xuesong became a flight attendant in 2004, she has worked hard for eleven years and is yet to find a husband.
She didn't think twice about helping him. 'Mr Niu worked hard all his life and contributed to society, we should be kind to him,' she said.
Though some people online did question the images saying if he was sitting in first class then the flight attendants will naturally be given special treatment.
But the People's Daily reporter learned that the location of Mr Niu was first row of the cabin, not first class.
Does it really matter what we eat? Well, the good news is, we have tremendous power over our health destiny and longevity. The majority of premature death and disability is preventable, with a healthy enough diet. It's…the…food.
Most deaths in the United States are preventable, and related to nutrition. According to the most rigorous analysis of risk factors ever published—the Global Burden of Disease Study, funded by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation—the number one cause of death in the United States, and the number one cause of disability, is our diet, which has bumped tobacco smoking to number two. Smoking now only kills a half million Americans every year, whereas our diet kills hundreds of thousands more.
What we eat is the number one determinant of how long we live. What we eat is what determines most whether we'll die prematurely. What we eat is what determines most whether we become disabled or not.
So, if our diet is the number one cause of death and disability, if most deaths in the United States are preventable, and related to nutrition, then, obviously, nutrition is the number one thing taught in medical school. Right? Obviously, it's the number one thing your doctor talks to you about at every visit. Right?
Unfortunately, doctors suffer from a severe nutrition deficiency—in education. Most doctors are just never taught about the impact healthy nutrition can have on the course of illness, and so, they graduate without this powerful tool in their medical toolbox.
Now, there are also institutional barriers—such as time constraints, and lack of reimbursement. In general, doctors aren't paid for counseling people on how to take better care of themselves. Of course, the drug companies also play a role in influencing medical education and practice. Ask your doctor when's the last time they were taken out to dinner by Big Broccoli—it's probably been a while.
That's why I started NutritionFacts.org. It's the tool I wish I had in medical training. NutritionFacts.org is a free, nonprofit, science-based public service, providing daily updates on the latest in nutrition research via bite-sized videos. There are videos on more than 2,000 health and nutrition topics—all free—with new videos and articles uploaded every day on the latest in evidence-based nutrition. What a concept.
To see any graphs, charts, graphics, images, and quotes to which Dr. Greger may be referring, watch the above video. This is just an approximation of the audio contributed by Katie Schloer.
Please consider volunteering to help out on the site.
Not many people have heard of the globular star cluster Terzan 5. It's a big ball of stars resembling spilled sugar like so many other globular clusters. A very few globulars are bright enough to see with the naked eye; Terzan 5 is faint because it lies far away in the direction of the center of Milky Way galaxy inside its central bulge. Here, the stars that formed at the galaxy's birth are packed together in great numbers. They are the “old ones” of the Milky Way.
Today, a team of astronomers revealed that Terzan 5 is unlike any globular cluster known. Most Milky Way globulars contain stars of just one age, about 11-12 billion years. They formed around the same time as the Milky Way itself, used up all their available gas early to build stars and then spent the remaining billions of years aging. Most orbit the galaxy's center in a vast halo like moths whirring around a bright light. Oddball Terzan 5 has two populations aged 12 billion and 4.5 billion years old and it's located inside the galactic bulge.
The team used the cameras on the Hubble Space Telescope as well as a host of ground-based telescopes to find compelling evidence for the two distinct kinds of stars. Not only do they show a large gap in age, but to differ in the elements they contain. Terzan 5's dual populations point to a star formation process that wasn't continuous but dominated by two distinct bursts of star formation.
“This requires the Terzan 5 ancestor to have large amounts of gas for a second generation of stars and to be quite massive. At least 100 million times the mass of the Sun,” explains Davide Massari, co-author of the study.
Its unusual properties make Terzan 5 the ideal candidate for the title of “living fossil” from the early days of the Milky Way. Current theories on galaxy formation assume that vast clumps of gas and stars interacted to form the primordial bulge of the Milky Way, merging and dissolving in the process.
While the properties of Terzan 5 are uncommon for a globular cluster, they're very similar to the stars found in the galactic bulge. Remnants of those gaseous clumps appear to have stuck around intact since the days of our galaxy's birth, one of them evolving into the present day Terzan 5. That makes it a relic from the Milky Way's infant days and one of the earliest galactic building blocks. Later, the cluster, which held onto some of its remaining gas, experienced a second burst of star formation.
“Some characteristics of Terzan 5 resemble those detected in the giant clumps we see in star-forming galaxies at high-redshift (galaxies just beginning to form in the remote universe in the far distant past), suggesting that similar assembling processes occurred in the local and in the distant universe at the epoch of galaxy formation,” said Dr. Francesco Ferraro from the University of Bologna, Italy, who headed up the team.
Terzan 5's chandelier-like presence is helping astronomers understand how our galaxy was assembled. Reconstructing the past is one of the key occupations of astronomy. The present is continually departing with every passing moment. Soon enough, every piece of information slips into the past tense. In the near-past, which records humanity's comings and goings, details are often forgotten or lost. The deep past is even worse. With no one around and only scattered clues, astronomers continually look for fragmental remains that when woven into the fabric of a theory, reveal patterns and processes before we came to be.
Judge James E. Horton
James Horton's father was an Alabama probate judge, planter, and former slaveholder; his mother was the daughter of a confederate general. Horton gave up pursuit of a medical degree for a law degree, which he received from Cumberland University in Lebanon, Tennessee in 1899. He entered private practice, but left it in 1910 for a six-year career in the Alabama legislature. In 1922, he was elected circuit judge. When the Scottsboro cases were transferred to his Decatur courtroom in 1933, Horton was in the fifth year of his second six-year term.
The announcement that the gracious and easygoing Horton would take on the controversial Scottsboro case was generally greeted with enthusiasm. Alabama papers praised the judge's "unusually equable nature, great legal ability, and fairness." Prosecutor Thomas Knight said that he thought Horton "would make an excellent judge."
During the course of the contentious trial of Haywood Patterson, Horton rarely raised his soft, conversational voice. Although his rulings neither consistently favored the prosecution nor the defense, Horton made it abundantly clear thate he stood on the side of fair process and fair treatment for all, regardless of color. That alone made Horton a liberal by Alabama standards. Horton raised many local eyebrows when he warmly shook the hands of two black reporters who he had helped secure seats in his courtroom. His full anger only showed once in the trial. On the third day of the trial, after hearing reports of plans for a lynching, the judge raised his voice to a near shout and denounced would-be lynchers as "cowardly murderers." Horton, saying that he had "absolutely no patience with the mob spirit," announced that he had ordered police guards to shoot to kill if necessary in defense of the black prisoners.
Horton, along with virtually every other white person in Alabama, initially assumed that the Scottsboro defendants were probably guilty, but began to have doubts after listening to Price's contradiction-riddled testimony. His doubts grew to a conviction that the defendants were innocent after hearing the medical testimony of one examining physician, Dr. Bridges, and meeting privately with a second, Dr. John Lynch. Dr. Lynch, initially on the state's witness list, was dropped at the last moment because, the prosecution said, his testimony would only be redundant. Lynch approached Horton shortly thereafter, and the two talked in the men's room of the Decatur courthouse, with a bailiff guarding the door. Lynch told Horton that he was convinced the girls were lying, and when he told them that directly, they merely laughed at him. Horton urged Lynch to testify, but did not order him to do so, respectful of the young doctor's concern that testimony in favor of the defense would end any chance he might have to build a successful medical career in northern Alabama.
On June 22, 1933, when Horton convened court in his hometown of Athens, Alabama, there was little optimism in the defense camp that their motion to set aside Patterson's guilty verdict would be granted. Horton, however, shocked those assembled by announcing that he would grant the motion on the ground that the jury's verdict was not supported by substantial evidence. In a careful, point-by-point review of the medical testimony and that offered by other prosecution witnesses, Horton found Price's testimony to be "not only uncorroborated, but it also bears on its face indications of improbabilty and is contradicted by other evidence."
In May of 1934, Horton, who had been unopposed in his previous election to the bench, faced two primary opponents. He finished second in the primary, then ran hard in the general election, but lost 9,416 to 6,856. No one doubted but that his defeat was attributable entirely to his decision in the Scottsboro case. Horton retired from politics, and devoted his remaining years to private practice and his plantation. When asked about his decision in a 1966 interview, Horton quoted what he said was a phrase often-repeated in the Horton family, "fiat justicia ruat colelum" -- let justice be done though the heavens may fall. Horton died in 1973 at the age of ninety-five.
What has two thumbs and a homophobic, racist, misogynistic, classist worldview? Pax Dickinson. We just noticed this vile Twitter account from Business Insider's chief technology officer today. But he's been at it for awhile.
In The Passion Of The Christ 2, Jesus gets raped by a pack of niggers. It's his own fault for dressing like a whore though. — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) July 14, 2010
aw, you can't feed your family on minimum wage? well who told you to start a fucking family when your skills are only worth minimum wage? — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) August 29, 2013
feminism in tech remains the champion topic for my block list. my finger is getting tired. — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) September 9, 2013
Aviators: on. Collar: popped. Smirk: engaged. A brogrammer at home in its native habitat. http://twitpic.com/5zii0g — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) August 1, 2011
so he's a woman, but he still has Y chromosomes? now who doesn't understand how biology works? — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) August 22, 2013
at least if we end up getting into a nuclear standoff with Russia over gay rights we'll know this universe is just a satirical simulation — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) July 31, 2013
IMO if gay activists protest the Olympics in Russia it's going to get VERY ugly. They think its just a game but Putin knows the real stakes. — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) July 30, 2013
Who has more dedication, ambition, and drive? Kobe only raped one girl, Lebron raped an entire city. +1 for Lebron. — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) July 13, 2010
We've contacted Business Insider founder, editor, and CEO Henry Blodget, who recently received a $5 million funding round led by Jeff Bezos to see how he feels about Dickinson representing his brand.
Meanwhile, can we get in on this?
@anildash really, dude? You know we work in the same building right? Would you like to come call me an asshole to my face tomorrow? — Pax Dickinson (@paxdickinson) September 9, 2013
Update: In a statement from Business Insider, Blodget says Pax Dickinson "has left the company, effective immediately."
As I've said many times before, I'm an audio book addict. Listening to a book has become my standard entertainment while driving or working on some simple task that would prevent normal reading or watching something. Audio books are the fastest growing market and frequently I'm asked which ones I'd recommend. So here's a list of my most regularly recommended audio books and why.
World War Z
Written by: Max Brooks
Performed by: Full Cast
I was fortunate enough to have read this book right when it was released and I instantly fell in love with it. After hearing about the audio version, I gave it a shot and it did not disappoint. It features a spectacular cast including Alan Alda, Mark Hamill, Henry Rollins, and many, many more. It's absolutely wonderful.
The only gripe I have about the book is that it is abridged. The version that I originally listened to (many times) was made in the time just before streaming and MP3 downloads made abridged audio books a thing of the past. When the movie came out, it was decided that they would release a full-length version with all of the missing stories (this is the only positive thing I will ever state about the movie). It's a dramatic improvement, however, while the additional stories are unabridged, the small abridgments that were made to the stories that were in the original recording are still there. This does disappoint me, but the audio book is still amazing and it's often the first one I recommend to anyone wanting a great listen. Mark Hamill's performance is my favorite.
The Hellbound Heart
Written by: Clive Barker
Performed by: Jeffrey Kafer
This is another one that I had read years before I tried out the audio book. After a Hellraiser marathon, I decided to revisit the original story and picked up the audio edition. Jeffrey Kafer nails the performance and I especially loved the effect they added to the cenobites' voices. It's an extremely short listen, but really packs a punch. Because it's so short, it has also become one of those old stand-by books I save for when I need something to hold me over for just a couple hours.
The Silence of the Lambs
Written by: Thomas Harris
Performed by: Frank Muller
I'd seen the film version of this story countless times and was interested in checking out the original book. When I saw that Frank Muller (my absolute favorite narrator) had performed it, it was instantly in my Audible shopping cart. This audio book is amazing. I can never ever praise Muller enough for his voice and timing, and the novel itself is brilliant. One fun feature to the audio book is an introduction read by Thomas Harris where he tells a story of meeting the doctor that inspired Hannibal Lecter. Great stuff.
The Lies of Locke Lamora
Written by: Scott Lynch
Performed by: Michael Page
First, I have no idea what's up with that cover. Lies of Locke Lamora has had some beautiful covers, but the audio edition looks like it was designed by Timmy over in Accounting. Bad covers aside, I love this book. I wrote an entire blog post about how much I love this book. It's amazing and Michael Page does a fantastic job performing all the characters and accents.
Ready Player One
Written by: Ernest Cline
Performed by: Wil Wheaton
This is one of those cases where a narrator took a great book and made it even better. Ready Player One is brilliant and funny. It's the ultimate ode to nerd and 80's pop-culture. And who did they get to perform it? Wil “Nerd Lord” Wheaton. He was the perfect choice for this book and Wheaton nails this performance so well that I could never imagine anyone doing a finer job than he did.
The Lesser Dead
Written by: Christopher Buehlman
Performed by: Christopher Buehlman
Set in the 1970's New York, The Lesser Dead is a beautifully written vampire novel. It's scary, dark, and incredibly entertaining. The audio book was performed by the author. Now, normally I'm not a big fan of author-read books. Authors might be able to craft a brilliant story, but an audio book requires a brilliant performer. Christopher Buehlman is both. His character voices and accents were masterfully done and The Lesser Dead has been my absolute favorite book I've read in 2016 so-far. Horror fans should definitely give it a listen.
The Martian
Written by: Andy Weir
Performed by: R.C. Bray
There isn't much that can be said about this book that hasn't been said already. It's earned stacks of accolades. It's fun and highly entertaining. R.C. Bray deserves every single bit of praise that he's received for it. I honestly prefer his version of stranded astronaut Mark Watney over Matt Damon's movie performance. Damon did a fine job, but to me he felt like Matt Damon surviving on Mars. Bray's performance made Watney feel like a real guy. I will confess I may have a teeny-tiny bit of bias because Bray performs my own books, but that still doesn't change a damned thing when it comes to how great this audio book is. Listen to it.
The Girl With All The Gifts
Written by: M.R. Carey
Performed by: Finty Williams
This novel beat Dämoren for Best Paranormal Audie Award, so it had one strike against it when I began it. It quickly won me over. Finty Williams' performance is wonderful. She gives the perfect amount of whimsy to Melanie's voice and just the right sinister edge to what happens as the story progresses. The movie version will be coming out soon, so I recommend you check out the audio book before it does.
Super Bonus Audio Book
Virtual Light
Written by: William Gibson
Performed by: Frank Muller
This book gets the Super Bonus Category because it's no longer being made. I scored my copy years ago and I've listened to it more times than I care to admit (Hint: It's over 10). It was my first exposure to Frank Muller and his performance of this novel is what propelled it from “Pretty Good” to “Holy Crap This Was Amazing!”. While a brilliant storyteller, Gibson's writing style is sometimes difficult for me to follow. Muller grabbed onto the dreamy prose and ran with them. While a decent cyberpunk novel in near-future San Francisco, Muller's performance is why I always recommend this book and why I've listened to it as often as I have(Hint: It's over 15 times). If you can find the Frank Muller version of Virtual Light you should do yourself a favor and jump on it.
