Has Warren Buffett joined the Bernie Sanders bandwagon? The billionaire investor and Berkshire Hathaway chief executive Tuesday praised the U.S. senator from Vermont who is running for president against Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.
"I think Bernie Sanders has been a terrific campaigner. He campaigns exactly as I would campaign if I were a candidate," Buffett said in an interview on CNBC. Buffett pointed to Sanders' refusal to criticize Clinton and his opposition to political spending by corporations and unions.
"He's not going around saying things about other people. He's just saying, 'Here's my program,' " Buffett said. "I think he's run a model campaign. He's not going to get elected, but I admire him."
Buffett previously pledged to vote for Clinton and donated to the "Ready for Hillary" group in 2014. He chided Clinton Tuesday for dismissing critics who have raised questions about her use of a personal email address and private server while she was secretary of state.
"I don't think it was the best way to handle it," Buffett said.
Buffett also said he was keeping his eye on Republican front-runner Donald Trump, who has made headlines for a series of provocative and comical comments, including reassuring voters that his hair is not fake. "How can you not watch him?" Buffett asked, laughing.
A Monmouth University poll released Tuesday indicates 42 percent of Democrats back Clinton while 20 percent favor Sanders. Clinton's favorability rating has held strong at 71 percent favorable, 17 percent unfavorable.
Sanders has remarked on Buffett's support for Clinton in the past. “Is Hillary Clinton -- are other candidates -- prepared to take on the billionaire class?” he asked during a meeting with Bloomberg editors and reporters in April. “Based on her record, I don't” believe she is, he said at the time, pointing to Clinton's relationship with Buffett. He also called Buffett's wealth “obscene” when compared with the average U.S. household.
We've learned of a pretty ambitious PC MMO game called simply Crossout, from both Russian studio Gaijin Entertainment and Targem Games.
The game is currently in pre-alpha, and puts various players from around the world into a post apocalyptic world akin to Mad Max, where having a tough and mobile death machine is the key to ruling the wastelands. However, the apocalypse wasn't brought on by a nuclear holocaust / struggle for oil resources, it was an alien invasion.
Oh, and human genetic experimentation went horribly wrong, leading to lots of exciting potential history to shoehorn into the game. Gaijin is promising that car customization is a crucial part of the experience, as no two cars will be the same.
There are reportedly “thousands of possibilities,” according to Gaijin Entertainment, each of which affecting your vehicle's performance.
You can build a fast and agile buggy-styled car, or a heavy and unstoppable vehicle meant to plow through dangerous off-road terrain. You'll be able to gather new parts and upgrades for your vehicles, via both completing tasks in game, or through merchants.
You'll be able to step into your virtual garage and completely modify your vehicle to whatever means fits your preferred wasteland lifestyle. This includes customizing the car's support systems, weapons, shape, cosmetics, and armor.
The weapons you can expect in game are reminiscent of Twisted Metal, and they include machine guns, rocket launchers, chainsaws, and even power drills. There's even an in-game auction system, although Gaijin is mum on sharing details on how this works for right now.
The full gameplay reveal for Crossout is coming at this year's E3. A beta is coming later, and if you want to get a spot – you better head over to their official website to sign up.
Hank Sullivant (born 3 February 1983) is an American rock musician and producer who is known for his early work with Athens-based pop rock band The Whigs, his stint as touring guitarist for MGMT, and currently as leader of the rock band Kuroma. He is also co-founder of Georgia-based blues-rock band Blue Blood, alongside Hunter Morris.
Since 2009 Sullivant has produced albums for bands including Gift Horse, Wages[1], and Colour Revolt.
Memphis & Accidental Mersh [ edit ]
Sullivant was raised in Memphis and attended high school at Memphis University School. He is listed as ‘notable alumni' of MUS alongside Big Star's Chris Bell and FedEx CEO Fred Smith.[2] Sullivant played in a band called Accidental Mersh with Andrew VanWyngarden, Nick Robbins, and Charlie Gerber. The band wrote funky pop songs that were inspired by elder Memphis rock band Big Ass Truck. The group packed Memphis clubs like the New Daisy Theater on Beale Street.[3][4] The group dispersed to different colleges in 2001.
Athens & The Whigs [ edit ]
During his first year at The University of Georgia, Sullivant met Atlantans Parker Gispert and Julian Dorio with whom he formed The Whigs. Sullivant, a guitarist, picked up bass to round out the band. Sullivant and Gispert co-wrote the songs with additional creative input from Dorio. During their time at UGA, the band rose to popularity in Athens and Atlanta.
After delays and a “demoralizing development deal with RCA,” The Whigs self-recorded their debut album Give ‘Em All a Big Fat Lip in an abandoned fraternity house with engineer Billy Bennett in the summer of 2005.[5] In addition to bass, Sullivant played organ, piano, slide guitar, and acoustic guitar on the album. “Half The World Away” features a guitar solo by Sullivant. This solo was a noted climactic point in the Whigs' live set.[6]
Energized by the production of G'EAaBFL, Sullivant experienced a period of creativity before the album's release that resulted in most of the songs found on Kuroma's 2007 debut, Paris.[7] The Whigs self-released their album in November of 2005. Rolling Stone Magazine named them one of the ‘Ten Bands To Watch In 2006.'[8] The Whigs signed to ATO Records in July 2006 & toured through November. Sullivant then left the band to work solely on his own music.
Paris [ edit ]
The recording of Kuroma's debut album Paris began shortly after Sullivant quit the Whigs. Sullivant asked childhood friend multi-instrumentalist James Richardson to collaborate on most of the sessions. In March 2007 Sullivant and Richardson, with Billy Bennett engineering and co-producing, tracked the bulk of Paris at Chase Park Transduction in Athens. The final product was mastered in April 2007. Sullivant came up with the name Kuroma during this time. Nick Robbins, Kyle Spence, and John Mills also appear on the album.
MGMT [ edit ]
Following the recording of Paris, Andrew VanWyngarden asked Sullivant to play guitar in MGMT's live band. MGMT had signed to Columbia Records, and they were recording Oracular Spectacular when they contacted Sullivant. Sullivant moved to New York for rehearsals in May 2007 but planned to return to Kuroma.[9] Sullivant stayed through the official release of Oracular Spectacular and returned to Athens after the South by Southwest festival in March 2008. Sullivant performed on the Late Show with David Letterman and the BBC's Later... with Jools Holland with MGMT. He played on tours with Of Montreal, Fiery Furnaces, and Yeasayer, and played MGMT's first overseas dates in the UK and Europe. He left the band in 2008 and was replaced by guitarist James Richardson and Will Berman who plays drums.
Kuroma [ edit ]
Upon returning to Kuroma in 2008, Sullivant originally opted to have no personalized web presence, (MySpace, Facebook, or band website) but managed to get Kuroma reviewed in print and Internet magazines. His initial reticence stemmed from a sense of revulsion at the marketing of music and bands.[10] Sullivant says that Paris's sound was primarily influenced by the Love, Peace, and Poetry compilation series of obscure international 60s psychedelic music.[11] Paris received good reviews, and the live band was praised early on by NME and Spin Magazine.[12][13] In 2008/2009, the band opened for Jarvis Cocker, Primal Scream, MGMT, and The Walkmen, and performed at the 2009 Bonnaroo festival.
“Transmutilation” and Performance Art [ edit ]
In February 2009 Sullivant and fellow UGA graduate Alejandro Crawford put on a performance art show at Athens Cine entitled “Homeopathic Grafting: This Awakening Dream of Communication.”[14] The title is a direct quote from Jean Baudrillard's Simulacra and Simulation.[15] Crawford, a poet and visual artist, identifies “Transmutilation” as the technique behind his long-form poem Morpheau.[16] In a video interview in 2009 Sullivant describes Kuroma's music as “transmutilation.”[17]
In November 2008 Kuroma put on a two-part performance at The Georgia Theatre. Part One featured a 15+ minute cover of Spacemen 3's “Big City;” the intermission was a screening of the late 1960s psychedelic art film The Invasion of the Thunderbolt Pagoda; and Part Two was a set of Kuroma songs. Formal playbills were passed at the door.[18]
Single/Video Releases [ edit ]
Green Label Sound, a one-off video/single label funded by Pepsi/Mountain Dew, approached Kuroma in early 2009. Sullivant submitted “In New York Everything Is Tropical,” a song he describes as “soulless.”[19] Sullivant elaborates, “There's a celebratory part of the song, but also a cynicism, and when you combine both of them, you're left with nothing.”[20] In contrast to the quiet release of Paris, GLS heavily promoted the single, and the video itself shows a barrage of graphics on top of rapid-fire shots of Sullivant walking overconfidently through famous sections of New York, including the Marcy Projects and the financial district. During the publicity run, Sullivant hosted MTV2's Subterranean, and MTV2 routinely played the video for two months.
Sullivant identifies Kuroma's following video/single, “Get The Gunz,” as a companion to “In New York Everything Is Tropical.”[21] Directed collaboratively with Ash Sechler, the video features Sullivant dancing in rollerblades, stabbing water, suggestively being “curbed,” and killing his bandmates and himself with cartoon-like liquid after-effects as blood.
Psychopomp [ edit ]
Sullivant, Joaquin Cotler, Alfredo Lapuz, and Nick Robbins tracked songs for Kuroma's second album Psychopomp at Chase Park Transduction in December 2009. Eric Gorman, a mixing engineer from New York, co-produced with Sullivant. The songs were mixed at Echo Mountain Studios in Asheville, NC, in February 2010. Psychopomp was released on iTunes in October 2010 before Kuroma's fall tours with MGMT and Tame Impala. The 8-minute track “Get Quick Got It” was licensed for a Cinemax upcoming movies advertisement in February 2011. The lineup was Sullivant on guitar, Lapuz on keyboards and synth bass, Robbins on drums, and Stan Walker on synths.
2013 [ edit ]
As of 2013, Kuroma's lineup was Sullivant, Simon O'Connor, James Richardson and Will Berman. The band made its third album, Kuromarama, produced by Ben Goldwasser of MGMT, and opened for MGMT on its North America tour in the spring of 2013.[22] Sullivant was scheduled to fill in on guitar at several summer festivals for MGMT's Andrew VanWyngarden, who was recovering from shoulder surgery.[23]
The QRS PelviCenter for transpelvic magnetic stimulation TPM, has arisen in several years of intensive development performed by the quantum medicine institute " Prof. Dr. Fischer AG" on behalft of the Quanten-Medizin AG. It is a therapy system that improve the treatment of urinary and fecal incontinence- criticals.
The QRS-PelviCenter works with an advanced technology (patent pending) that we know already from the basic principle of the method of the magnetic resonance imaging ("nuclear spin") or the transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the effective treatment of depressions.
By using magnetic fields, the musculature of the pelvic floor is brought to a strong contraction (M. levator ani) which lies well over the possibilities of an active pelvic floor muscle training.
At the same time, specific nerve tracts, which adjust the bladder closure, are stimulated. In most cases result high Healing and improvement rates which are often achieved after only 4 to 6 weeks of treatment.
Unless you use an ad blocker, you probably notice ads for penny auction sites from time to time. They usually advertise with sketchy messages like “iPhone sold for $14.21.” They can sell iPhones such low prices because of their unusual auction system where each bid increases the auction price by only one cent. This works because unlike eBay each bid costs money (e.g., $0.40) no matter if you end up winning the auction or not. You have to be the highest bidder when the clock runs out to win the auction. The problem is that each bid adds ten seconds to the countdown which gives other bidders the time to counter your bid.
Penny auction sites are not something new and have been criticized a lot, which makes you wonder how they are still in business. Even though there are many news articles about online penny auctions, I did not find any numbers or statistics which would support the criticism. So I started to collect information on my own, to get a better understanding how these auctions work in reality. What I found exceeded all my expectations.
On beezid.com, one of the bigger penny auction sites, a single $180 tablet generated 18,160 bids, worth of over $7,200, from 56 users. Shockingly nearly half of those bids came from just one person who lost approximately lost $3,500 in just two hours (see graph below). The winner of this auction only spent 80 cents on his or her two bids. In the second half of this blog post, I will outline the data collection process. To protect the users' privacy, I replaced the real usernames with chemical elements.
Why are penny auctions even popular?
The big ‘achievement' of penny auction sites is that they successfully turned an unappealing type of all-pay auction into an online game which makes people believe that they could make a profit. The way beezid.com does this is actually quite clever. First, they give their users many different options how they can make a bid. Users can, for example, use automatic bidding bots, take advantage of price limits above which the auction price will not rise, and purchase a wide variety of other supposedly useful add-ons. Second, they try to hide all information that could reveal how many people are participating in the auction and how much they already spent in total.
One way they do this is by their default 10% price limit, which means the auction price will never rise above 10% of the retail price, no matter how many people bid on it. Another strange rule is that bids do not always increase the auction price by one cent but can also lower it by some amount. These modifications of the system make the auction price more or less meaningless because you can no longer assume that, for example, a price of $1.10 is a result of 110 unique bids. Many articles about penny auction (e.g., consumerreports.org) do not account for these rules and falsely assume a fixed price increase. The graph below shows the development of the auction price of the $180 tablet over time. If we assume, that each bid would have increased the price by always one cent, the final auction price would have been $181.60.
This lack of transparency combined with the many different bidding options creates a system which gives users the illusion that they could make a profit with the right strategies.
How to monitor penny auctions?
Despite the site's efforts to keep their users in the dark, it is possible to archive the complete bidding history of an auction, if you monitor it from its start. To collect the data for this blog post, I wrote a simple script in Python which automatically saves the all bidding information of a beezid.com auction. If you want to try it out yourself, you only have to change the auction id and update the request header. You can easily get this information with the Chrome DevTools. In case, you have a slow or unstable internet connection I highly recommend running the script on a server (e.g., Digital Ocean). It should be noted that the script behaves like a regular browser and does not bypass any server-side security or content protection mechanisms.
Aren't penny auctions unregulated gambling?
One of the most important parts of the business models of penny auction sites is that what they are doing is not considered gambling. I am not a lawyer, so I will not attempt to question the legality of their operations. Their central argument is that penny auctions require skill and are therefore exempt from the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act, which is the same legal loophole daily fantasy sports sites like FanDuel or DraftKings use. Personally, I cannot see how any skill could increase your chances of winning an auction. The data clearly shows that you are bidding against an unknown number of users who sometimes act extremely irrational. Even if you had a comprehensive database of previous auctions, you probably would not be able to predict how far a specific user will go. If someone has already spent over $3,000 on a $180 tablet, what could stop them aside from his or her credit card limit? It would be really interesting to hear an official explanation of how skill is even a factor in this game.
If you have any questions about this blog post, feel free to contact me by email.
The Boston Region MPO is in charge of the funding for the Route 16 Station. Please tell them that you continue to support the Route 16 Station. They need to hear from us by July 24, 2015, that we continue to support the Route 16 Station for the Green Line Extension.
Please send them the letter below.
You'll be cc'ed on your email from this form. If you get a bounce message (we have seen this happen with yahoo email addresses, for example), please send your email directly to publicinformation [at] ctps.org.
Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO)
c/o Central Transportation Planning Staff (CTPS)
State Transportation Building
10 Park Plaza, Suite 2150
Boston, MA 02116-3968
Dear Boston Region MPO:
I am writing to comment on the Draft Transportation Improvement Program and Air Quality Conformity Determination: Federal Fiscal Years 2016-20. I strongly support extending the Green Line all the way to Route 16, so I am grateful to see that the Boston Region MPO has continued to program funding for Green Line Extension Project (Phase II), College Avenue to Mystic Valley Parkway/Route 16.
The Route 16 Station will serve Medford Hillside, West Medford, West Somerville, and East Arlington. The Route 16 Station will provide thousands of residents with better access to jobs, to education, and to health care. Thank you for your continued support. You certainly have mine.
Your name:
Your e-mail address:
Your mailing address:
If you have questions about this page, please send e-mail to greenlineroute16 [at] gmail.com.
Above: A recently retired Calgary man not only kept his $40-million lottery win a secret, he's now giving it all to charity. Francis Silvaggio explains why.
CALGARY – The Calgary man who plans to donate his entire $40-million lottery jackpot to charity is apparently the best man to tell a secret to.
Tom Crist was on a golf course in Palm Springs, Calif. when he got a call from the Western Canada Lottery Corporation confirming he won the May 3 Lotto Max Jackpot.
“I just excused myself to take the call… I was speechless obviously. I didn't know what to say… it was a very short conversation,” he told Global News on Tuesday, the day after the news broke about his huge win and even bigger act of kindness.
“The only people that knew was myself and Western Canada Lottery (WCLC) in Winnipeg, that was it,” he said. “None of my kids knew, none of my friends knew, nobody. Absolutely nobody on earth knew other than myself and Western Canada Lottery.”
He said he planned on keeping the win quiet, but WCLC has rules that he had to abide by. So he held off until Christmas, because he thought that would be a good time to fly under the radar.
That didn't happen.
In the past day he has been inundated with calls, including from his four children who found out about the win when the rest Canada did.
“I was the last one to talk to pops,” his 33-year-old son Dallas Crist told Global News on Tuesday. “I called him about a hundred times, but I had so many calls coming in my way [and] everyone was trying to get a hold of dad.”
Dallas said his father is the type of man to do “anything for anyone.”
“The second he got that phone call he already knew what he was doing. It was predisposed,” he said.
WATCH: Calgary charities hope lottery win leads to payoff. Mia Sosiak reports.
Crist, who retired in September after 44 years as an electrical wholesaler, plans to set up a foundation and donate the money to various charities. But, there's one in particular he wants to help — one that is “dear to [his] heart.”
His wife Jan passed away from cancer in January 2012.
Before she died, she received care from Calgary's Tom Baker Cancer Centre.
Crist's family is “100 per cent” behind their father's decision.
“We don't need his money. We just need pops. If we could give it all back for mom we would do that in a heartbeat. We don't care — money is material, family is everything,” Dallas Crist said.
The news was welcomed by cancer survivor Sheila Foster, who credits the centre with saving her life and she thinks the Crist's donation will help save many more.
“We've got a great centre there, up at Tom Baker,” she said. “But it's quite ancient and it's very pressured. So, we need this very badly.”
The Alberta Cancer Foundation is looking forward to discussing plans with Crist as well.
“There are some real opportunities to make a big, big difference,” said Myka Osinchuk, the foundation's chief executive officer. She said “there are great things that are happening over at the Tom Baker Cancer Centre.”
According to its website, the Tom Baker Cancer Centre is “a lead centre for the province-wide prevention, research and treatment program.”
Crist went to the Tom Baker Cancer Center Tuesday afternoon to personally set up what he called a “sizeable” donation — reportedly $1.2 million. He said it's one of many to come.
Crist said he doesn't need the money.
“I've been very fortunate [financially] prior to this $40 million dollars with the company I was with, so I'm very lucky, very fortunate, so I can look after myself and that's why I started [the trust].”
Dallas Crist calls his dad “superhuman,” saying it's not a cliche to say his father would give the shirt of his back to help someone else.
“[I'm] not gonna lie, he's twice the man I could be,” he said. “I'd probably keep a couple of bucks myself.
It's his decision. We're going to support him no matter what he does. ”
Crist plays both Lotto Max and Lotto 6-49 by subscription, meaning players can pay for their selections for up to a year at a time.
Subscribers' numbers are checked for them by the Western Canada Lottery Corp. after each draw and they are automatically paid any prizes won.
“Sometimes I'd get a cheque for $10 or $20, but I never expected this,” Crist told The Canadian Press following the announcement of his win.
His jackpot is also the largest won on a lottery subscription within the Prairie-North lotteries region.
With files from The Canadian Press and Global's Francis Silvaggio and Tamara Elliott
Susan B. Glasser is POLITICO's chief international affairs columnist. Her new podcast, The Global Politico, comes out Mondays. Subscribe here. Follow her on Twitter @sbg1.
When President Donald Trump hosted Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the Oval Office on Wednesday just hours after firing the FBI director who was overseeing an investigation into whether Trump's team colluded with the Russians, he was breaking with recent precedent at the specific request of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The chummy White House visit—photos of the president yukking it up with Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak were released by the Russian Foreign Ministry since no U.S. press was allowed to cover the visit—had been one of Putin's asks in his recent phone call with Trump, and indeed the White House acknowledged this to me later Wednesday. “He chose to receive him because Putin asked him to,” a White House spokesman said of Trump's Lavrov meeting. “Putin did specifically ask on the call when they last talked.”
Story Continued Below
The meeting was Lavrov's first in the White House since 2013—and came after several years of the Obama administration's flat-out refusal to grant him an Oval Office audience, two former senior White House officials told me. “The Russians were begging us for years to do that,” one of the former officials said. “They were constantly pushing for it and we were constantly saying no.”
The images of Trump putting his arm genially on Lavrov's back—and a later White House official readout of the meeting that said Trump “emphasized his desire to build a better relationship between the United States and Russia”—couldn't have come at a more fraught political moment for Trump, amid a barrage of bipartisan criticism of his firing of FBI Director James Comey. On Wednesday morning before meeting with Trump, Lavrov even cracked a joke about his hosts' political predicament, laughingly claiming not to have heard of the Comey firing while standing alongside Trump's secretary of state, Rex Tillerson.
In other words, Lavrov was right where he has always wanted to be Wednesday: mocking the United States while being welcomed in the Oval Office by the president himself.
Russia's longest-serving foreign minister of the post-Cold War era, Lavrov has worked alongside Putin since 2004 with a single-minded goal: to make Russia great again—and all the better if he could do so at America's expense. So, for Lavrov and Putin, the scene was more than just a bizarre moment of Washington political theater in which they played walk-on roles. It was vindication, proof that their tilt toward Trump after years of tense dealings with two successive American presidents could yet pay off.
In some key respects, this already is a down payment on the Russian reset Trump promised on the campaign trail. Or at least an appearance-laden first step toward the renewed relations and potential grand bargain with Putin that Trump has never disavowed even as the politics of doing a deal with Russia have gotten dicier amid the political furor here in Washington over the Russiagate investigation of team Trump that Comey was overseeing. “The fact of the matter is the president and secretary of state have said relations are at a low ebb and it's important to get them back up from the floor, and to do that we've got to talk,” Michael Anton, head of strategic communications at the National Security Council, told me about the “warm” session between Trump and the Russians. “Maybe we can see some semblance of cooperation in Syria. Some semblance in Ukraine. We certainly don't have much prospect of progress if we don't talk.”
“For Lavrov, just having this meeting and the photo-op itself is a big demonstration to the world and to the Russian people that Russia is back, and that isolation has failed, irrespective of whether anything gets agreed,” said Alexander Vershbow, who served as ambassador to Russia under President George W. Bush and as a top Pentagon and NATO official with the Russia portfolio during Barack Obama's presidency.
***
Like Henry Kissinger, the former secretary of state and Republican foreign policy grandee whom Trump also unexpectedly hosted in the Oval Office on Wednesday, Sergey Lavrov fashions himself a realist in the cold-eyed world of international politics. He has long preached the idea that meddling American presidents like Bush and Obama should just give up on noble-sounding, naïve ventures like bringing democracy to the Middle East and concentrate on more hard-headed goals like fighting Islamic jihadist terrorism or making new, great power deals on European spheres of influence.
That sounds a lot like Trumpism, and indeed, it may be the key even more than his realpolitik ideology for understanding why the Lavrov meeting was such a big win for Russia. Lavrov defines himself as the ultimate “pragmatist,” as he told me in a 2013 interview for a Foreign Policy magazine profile, and his goal is to advance the Russian state however he can; clearly, the views that Lavrov has long touted on things like fighting terrorism suggest a basis for common ground with America's similarly unsentimental new president.
I've spent dozens of hours in recent years debriefing American officials about Lavrov, and they are united—Democrats and Republicans alike—in believing that the Russian foreign minister is both a) an ideologically flexible nationalist who is happy to engage in America-bashing when it suits his purposes and equally happy praising someone like Trump if necessary because b) his great value to Putin has been his world-class skills as a propagandist and purveyor of “fake news” on a par with Trump himself.
This is what John Negroponte, a Republican who served as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations when Lavrov was his Russian counterpart and then as Bush's director of national intelligence, told me back in 2013: “His two objectives were always the same: Veto things for the greater glory of Russia and to take the Americans down wherever possible.”
But being against America, Negroponte added, was a tactic, not the end in itself. “If he has a moral compass, my Geiger counter hasn't clicked into it,” he told me. “His morality is the Russian state.” These views were almost exactly what I heard when I checked with four former top Obama officials on Wednesday about more recent dealings with Lavrov.
On a personal level, Lavrov is universally disliked among U.S. diplomats. “He's a complete asshole,” a top Bush official told me for that Foreign Policy profile. Added a top Obama official in a conversation Wednesday: “He's a nasty SOB. He would be relentlessly berating and browbeating and sarcastic and nasty. His job was to berate and beat and harass us and Secretary Kerry into conceding the Russian view. It wasn't defeating America; it was that Russia can't win if it has to compromise at all.”
These are unbelievably striking comments—and not at all what former senior officials have to say about foreign ministers from other countries in the world, even those with whom the United States is at odds.
And many of these same officials believe that gives Lavrov—who went out of his way at a news conference Wednesday to praise Trump as a “businessman” who wants to get deals done—an advantage in negotiating with Trump at a time when there is little clear about his foreign policy except that he wants to cut deals that are proving frustratingly elusive on other fronts.
“I don't see him as zero-sum and suspicious of and averse to the West as Putin is,” said another former Obama official who sat in many meetings in recent years with Lavrov. “He believes more in at least tactical cooperation, at least in a broader context of strategic nonalignment. I think he did actually look for opportunities. I also think he plays to his bosses. So the extent to which he's acerbic and nasty—that's partly his personality and partly what he believes Putin and actual powers that be want to hear.”
***
A number of Russia policy experts with whom I spoke on Wednesday worry, too, that Trump is allowing Lavrov—and Putin—to define the terms of his dealings with them on key issues such as Ukraine and Syria.
Trump may be politically constrained—at least temporarily—from pursuing more publicly his hoped-for Russia reconciliation, but that also means that no one here has a clear sense of what his new Russia policy actually is.
“There is no Russia policy,” said one career expert flatly.
Indeed, even though the ouster of Trump's first national security adviser, the compromised and Russia-friendly Michael Flynn, in favor of the widely respected H.R. McMaster, happened nearly three months ago, those who follow the issue closely say there has been little clarification about Trump's Russia stance beyond vague reassurances that Trump would not execute a sharp turn toward Putin and that no high-level NSC principals or deputies meetings have yet been held on Russia policy. Both Tillerson and McMaster were present for Trump's meeting with Lavrov.
“Everyone had been hopeful that adult supervision would mean that Trump's foreign policy would become more predictable and rational,” said another longtime Russia hand. “We thought he would be constrained from making stupid decisions on Russia policy because of all this furor. But look at this mad-tweeting and the Comey decision: Anything can change at any moment.”
And if Trump does not have a Russia policy, Putin certainly has a U.S. policy, these experts believe, with priorities that include getting Trump to go along with Putin's plan for some sort of settlement to the long-running Syria civil war that leaves Russia and its client the Assad regime with control over at least a significant chunk of Syria's territory. On Ukraine, given that lifting the sanctions against Russia imposed after its takeover of Crimea appears to be a nonstarter on Capitol Hill, Putin seems to be willing to play for time.
Inside Trump's fledgling administration, all this comes as there are still few top officials who have been appointed to take charge of the Russia portfolio. Longtime Russia hand Fiona Hill, author of a critical book on Putin, is the National Security Council's senior director for the region, but there is no assistant secretary at the State Department named to take on the issue and the U.S. sent a career official to observe recent Russia-led talks on Syria in Astana, Kazakhstan, rather than participating; Tom Shannon, a career official who is undersecretary of state for political affairs, has been charged with resolving bilateral problems, but few see that process—similar to one under way during the Obama administration—as likely to produce major results.
The Trump team has discussed a Russia approach that would include a possible special U.S. envoy to talk with Moscow directly on Ukraine, but an aide said Trump did not specifically suggest the idea in the meeting Wednesday though the White House readout did note that Trump “raised Ukraine and stressed his administration's commitment to remain engaged in resolving the conflict.”
All of which is to say that if there is a Trump Russia policy, at the moment it's probably coming from the president himself and not his executive branch—which makes Wednesday's meeting all the more significant. Soon, Trump is expected to have his first face-to-face meeting with Putin, on the sidelines of a G-20 meeting in July.
Both Trump and Putin, as one of the Russia hands told me, are experts at spinning alternate realities. But will they try to spin each other? How can you get along and really forge a working partnership, he wondered, when for each, “their attachment to the truth is so tenuous”?
The 14,000-square-foot MLG.tv Columbus Arena - slightly larger than the typical CVS store - will be established in an existing space near Easton Town Center. The specific location was not available yesterday.
Video-game tournament organization Major League Gaming has chosen Columbus for its first arena outside the company�s New York studios.
The 14,000-square-foot MLG.tv Columbus Arena � slightly larger than the typical CVS store � will be established in an existing space near Easton Town Center. The specific location was not available yesterday.
The arena will be the organization�s �flagship venue,� said Sundance DiGiovanni, Major League Gaming�s co-founder and CEO.
It will join MLG Studio in New York City and the forthcoming MLG Stadium in China, set to open in 2017, as host locations for Major League Gaming�s ongoing championship series.
The local arena will have bleacher seats for spectators, soundproof booths for players and teams, a broadcast platform for live reports, video screens broadcasting the competition and warm-up areas for players, a spokeswoman said.
The new arena will be the site of tournaments and other live events, beginning with the third-season playoffs of Major League Gaming�s Call of Duty: Ghosts Pro League, set to begin on Oct. 24.
After the playoffs, the arena will be the site of other events and serve as the backdrop for MLG.tv programming.
Major League Gaming chose Columbus for its first arena after successfully presenting tournaments here for more than a decade, said Adam Apicella, executive vice president of MLG Properties, in a statement.
�Columbus has hosted some of our most successful events,� Apicella said. The thousands of college and high-school students in the 11-county area have formed a �passionate� video-gaming community, he said, and the proximity to the organization�s East Coast headquarters makes the city � a great location for our MLG.tv Arena.�
Video games have become a multibillion-dollar industry in the past few years, and video gaming � also known as eSports � has grown vastly more popular as well.
In 2013, more than 71 million people worldwide watched competitive gaming at events or through online streaming via sites such as MLG.tv.
A few weeks ago, Activision�s new video-game franchise Destinylogged $500 million in sales in its first week on the market. Although that was impressive, the biggest video-game launch in history was a year ago for Rockstar�s Grand Theft Auto V, which posted $1 billion in sales in its first three days on the market.
Such sales have made video-game companies increasingly valuable. Last week, Microsoft paid $2.5 billion for Mojang, the privately held Swedish company that makes the popular game Minecraft.
tferan@dispatch.com
0
Steven Spielberg's adaptation of Ernest Cline's novel Ready Player One is primed to go into production this summer, but there's still a chance for you to join the cast. Sure, you're probably not Tye Sheridan or Olivia Cooke, but if you have some experience in computer design and 3D modeling, you might just have a shot at getting on the big screen yet!
A new contest over at Talenthouse Artworks, one that comes with the blessing of Cline and Warner Bros., invites creative types to design and model a 3D avatar that could very well end up appearing in Ready Player One's virtual world. The coolest part about this contest–other than getting to star on-screen in a Spielberg movie, of course–is that, like the book, the limit of your imagination is the only thing holding you back. (Well, that and a working knowledge of the computer software and know-how to pull off this kind of thing.)
Check out Cline's video message below explaining how you and your design can win their way into Ready Player One:
Digital artists worldwide are invited to create a 3D avatar for the upcoming Steven Spielberg film “Ready Player One.” Check out the Creative Invite here: http://tlnt.at/1U2XstE
Here are the basics for the contest, followed by the film's synopsis:
THE OPPORTUNITY A minimum of five selected artists will each: Have their avatar design potentially appear in Ready Player One
Potentially receive exposure across the Ready Player One' s marketing materials and social media channels
s marketing materials and social media channels Receive $1,000 in exchange for an Assignment of All Rights Other artists may also be chosen and have their avatars possibly appear as background graffiti art in the film. These artists will receive $250 in exchange for an Assignment of All Rights.
Official synopsis:
By
Daniel McAdams
Ron Paul Institute
Recently, we had a look at the ways President Trump's Ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, is making her predecessor, “humanitarian bomber” Samantha Power, look like a model diplomat by comparison. It turns out Haley's ghastly performance at the UN thus far is no fluke. Each time she opens her mouth she spews not the kind of foreign policy that President Trump campaigned on, but rather the boot-in-the-face know-nothingness that we have grown accustomed to in recent years.
In the latest “Haley Alert,” the Ambassador is furious over a Russia-threatened veto of a UN Security Council resolution offered by the US, UK, and France to impose new sanctions on the Syrian government over unproven allegations that Syria used chemical weapons against its own population.
Yes, under Ambassador Haley we have entered a time machine back to 2013, where the US is ready to deploy its entire diplomatic (and perhaps military) arsenal against the one government in the Middle East actually fighting President Trump's sworn enemies: ISIS and al-Qaeda.
President Trump, in one of his first interviews after the November election, starkly contrasted his position with those both of the outgoing Obama Administration and his defeated opponent, Hillary Clinton:
“I've had an opposite view of many people regarding Syria. …My attitude was you're fighting Syria, Syria is fighting ISIS, and you have to get rid of ISIS. Russia is now totally aligned with Syria, and now you have Iran, which is becoming powerful, because of us, is aligned with Syria… Now we're backing rebels against Syria, and we have no idea who these people are.”
His employee, the US Ambassador to the UN, clearly does not share her boss's “opposite view” on Syria. And she is not afraid to contradict her boss's position on a regular basis. Today the US Mission to the UN released Ambassador Haley's remarks condemning the threatened Russian veto of new sanctions against Syria, and her comments do not in any way suggest a diplomat remotely well-informed about the complex matters at hand:
“I think what we saw in there was pretty amazing, because you had unity in the fact that we needed to be concerned about chemical weapons being used in Syria. You had an overwhelming vote to say we need an investigative mechanism that would prove that these chemical weapons were being done by the Syrian regime. Now you've got the results that have come out, and people don't like what the results are. It is ridiculous. How much longer is Russia going to continue to babysit and make excuses for the Syrian regime? People have died by being suffocated to death. That's barbaric.
So what we're going to do is – we were given all these reasons on why we shouldn't propose the resolution. We were given all these reasons on why the timing was wrong. That is exactly why the timing is right. That is exactly why this resolution needs to happen. Whether people are going to veto it or not, you are either for chemical weapons or you're against it. People died because of this, and the United States isn't going to be quiet. Thank you.”
Let's unpack this head-scratcher of a statement. First off, “we need an investigative mechanism that would prove that these chemical weapons were being done by the Syrian regime.” So she is stating that there must be an investigation to prove what she has pre-determined to be true before the investigation took place? Does that sound like “innocent until proven guilty”? Or does it sound like Hoxha-era revolutionary justice? “We must have a trial to prove comrade X guilty so we can execute him!”
And this from Haley: “How much longer is Russia going to continue to babysit and make excuses for the Syrian regime?”
Ms. Ambassador: Do you mean the regime that just liberated Aleppo from its murderous occupation by al-Qaeda? You know, those guys who attacked the US on 9/11?
If Assad is using chemical weapons against his own people (Why? Presumably for fun?) then why once Aleppo was cleansed of the al-Qaeda occupiers have former residents flocked to return to an Aleppo under Assad's control? Do they enjoy being gassed?
US Ambassador to the UN Nikki Haley is an absolute train wreck. She embodies the worst traits of her predecessors with a much lower level of understanding of foreign affairs or diplomacy. Will President Trump recognize his mistake in appointing her to represent the US at the UN and replace her with someone who will actually carry out his foreign policy? Or was he simply lying when he said he had an “opposite view” from the conventional Washington wisdom on Syria (and Russia as well)?
***
READ MORE NEWS ON SYRIA AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files
SUPPORT 21WIRE – SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A [email protected]21WIRE.TV
Library Associations Defend Right to Lend Books Printed Abroad in Supreme Court Filing
The Library Copyright Alliance (LCA) today filed a friend of the court brief in the case of John Wiley & Sons v. Supap Kirtsaeng, which raises the issue of whether the first sale doctrine applies to books printed overseas and imported into the U.S. The LCA argues that, if the Supreme Court were to confirm that the first sale doctrine does not apply to books printed overseas, it would prevent libraries from lending major parts of their collections.
This article has been updated to include comment from Jonathan Band, LCA's counsel on the brief. The Library Copyright Alliance (LCA) today filed a friend of the court brief in the case of John Wiley & Sons v. Supap Kirtsaeng , which raises the issue of whether the first sale doctrine applies to books printed overseas and imported into the U.S. (The first sale doctrine allows the purchaser of a legal copy of a book or other copyrighted work to sell or lend that copy.) The Supreme Court agreed to hear the case in April, after the district and appeals courts had both found for Wiley . The LCA, which is composed of the American Library Association (ALA), The Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL), and Association of Research Libraries (ARL); argues in its brief that, if the Supreme Court were to confirm that the first sale doctrine does not apply to books printed overseas, it would prevent libraries from lending major parts of their collections. According to the LCA, more than 200 million books in U.S. libraries have foreign publishers. And that does not include the books with U.S. publishers which were printed elsewhere—more than a third of books sold in the U.S. are imported. WorldCat only has data on where 3 percent of books are printed, so libraries would not know whether a given, already collected book could be circulated. (Even knowing the printing company doesn't help, since many U.S. printers own foreign facilities or subcontract to foreign companies.) Tracking down all those rights holders retroactively would be cost and time prohibitive, and, the LCA argues, libraries won't assume that they won't get sued and just go ahead with lending, due to constrained legal budgets, avoiding the appearance of impropriety so as to keep the public trust, and the fact that because they collect so many titles, even if only a very small percentage of rights holders chose to take action, libraries would still be vulnerable to a large number of infringement claims. Future acquisitions, too, would be made much more burdensome because libraries would have to acquire a lending license as well as a physical copy, and maintain records of where every book in the collection was made. There's no guarantee publishers would choose to make such a license available at any price, the LCA points out, “on the assumption that library lending diverts sales. Current practice regarding electronic books suggests this is likely.” There's even a question of whether publishers would be able to license lending rights if they wanted to, or whether authors would. And individuals wanting to give bequests and donations of books to the library would of course not have the lending rights to give with them. If the Fourth Circuit's holding in Hotaling v. The Church of Jesus Christ and Later Day Saints is correct and using materials in the library counts as distribution, something the LCA disputes, this case would even have a chilling effect on use of foreign-made materials without checking them out. The LCA therefore asked the court to overrule the Second Circuit's decision and side with Judge Murtha's dissent, which defined “lawfully made under this title” as “copies manufactured with the lawful authorization of the holder of a work's U.S. reproduction and distribution rights” rather than “in the United States.” However, if the court decides not to do this, the LCA says the Court could lessen the harm to libraries by holding that parties can raise the first sale defense in cases involving foreign-manufactured copies so long as a lawful domestic sale had occurred (which the Ninth Circuit outlined in Denbicare U.S.A. Inc. v. Toys “R” Us Inc .), that the library exception applies to lending as well as importing, and that library lending constitutes a fair use . “Libraries are standing up for common sense as well as their own rights and the rights of their patrons,” said Winston Tabb, President of ARL. “It simply makes no sense that the law would treat lawful owners of legitimate copies differently depending on where their copies were printed. Why would Congress impose this arbitrary limit on the fundamental rights of libraries and our patrons—to reward publishers who send printing jobs overseas?” Jonathan Band, who acted as LCA's counsel on the brief, told LJ, "In the event of an adverse Supreme Court decision that is silent about libraries, libraries would still assert fair use in support of circulation. But fair use is less certain than an explicit exception," and that an adverse Supreme Court decision is likely to trigger a broad legislative effort to reverse the Court's ruling, since it would promote the export of U.S. manufacturing jobs. In answer to how the case might affect that mainstay of local library fundraising, the sale of deaccessioned and donated books, Band said, "An adverse holding by the Supreme Court could call library sale of foreign printed books into question. The fair use fallback might be harder to assert because a court might view the sale of used books as a commercial activity, even though it is supporting a noncommercial institution." This isn't the first time in recent memory that the Court has considered whether the first sale doctrine applies to overseas purchases imported to the U.S. for resale . In the 2010's Omega S.A. v. Costco Wholesale Corp ., the court held that it didn't. However, that was a 4-4 ruling because Justice Elena Kagan was recused from the case because she'd worked on it as solicitor general. Without a majority, the ruling didn't set a precedent. (The LCA filed an amicus brief in that case as well.) Kagan will participate in the Kirtsaeng decision.
DOCSIS 3.1 or BULLSHIS 2.0?
You may have heard of Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS) 3.1 as a fiber-rivaling technology that will bring gigabit speeds to homes already equipped with copper cable.
You may also have heard Internet Service Providers (ISPs) in your area advertising “gigabit speed” without having built fiber infrastructure.
For what it's worth, DOCSIS 3.1 is an impressive hack that could satisfy a lot of people. Copper networks are more prevalent than fiber networks, there's no denying that.
The real trouble comes when DOCSIS 3.1 is treated as a mitigation strategy and as a shortcut to gigabit, rather than investing in the upgrading of telecommunications networks to full fiber to the home (FTTH) Internet. AKA, the kind of work Ting does.
Our Internet needs have changed and old copper networks are struggling and breaking under the load. That's why copper is the past and fiber is the future.
The political world is aflutter with the talk of Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump's incriminating “hot mic” moment. With the clear division in the Republican party apparent as ever, Republican leaders have been forced to make a decision to either stand up and speak out against the disgusting behavior or justify it.
Ted Cruz made his decision Friday night. Here is what he said:
Every wife, mother, daughter — every person — deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. https://t.co/AVSEBastVc — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) October 8, 2016
These comments are disturbing and inappropriate, there is simply no excuse for them. — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) October 8, 2016
It is unclear if he will reverse his previous endorsement of Donald Trump, but Cruz clearly condemns the behavior with no excuses. Maybe he hasn't completely lost his morals after all.
The Dáil's spending watchdog is to investigate an "anomalous" €160m cash mountain in Irish universities which is growing by €30m a year, the Irish Independent can reveal.
The Dáil's spending watchdog is to investigate an "anomalous" €160m cash mountain in Irish universities which is growing by €30m a year, the Irish Independent can reveal.
The substantial cash reserves have arisen since 2009 when pension schemes in five universities were transferred into the central State fund.
However, the Higher Education Authority (HEA) has continued to pay €30m a year into the universities as if their schemes were still operating, and TDs are now demanding answers as to what is going on.
The universities at the centre of the new investigation by the Dáil's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) are: University College Dublin, University College Cork, NUI Galway, NUI Maynooth and Trinity College Dublin.
The figures emerged as more than 56,000 Leaving Certificate students await the release of their results on Wednesday.
This will be followed next Monday with the CAO Round One offers, in what is a record year for applications for college entry at more than 79,000.
An ongoing increase in Leaving Certificate candidates -linked to the birth rate and a drop in early school-leaving, combined with growing demand for higher qualifications - is driving the rise in college applications.
Liabilities
Meanwhile, it is understood that the money being paid by the HEA is to meet long-standing pension liabilities from the five colleges, but concerns have been raised as to why and how this is being done.
The HEA has denied the payments amount to a "bail out" of the schemes which were hugely in deficit, insisting it is simply ensuring that retired employees receive their legal entitlements agreed with their employers at the time.
However, at the time of the transfer of the scheme in 2009, the Department of Finance and others were unhappy at the loose controls of the schemes in the sector, particularly in relation to the awarding of pension top-ups to academics.
According to the State's auditor, the Comptroller and Auditor General, the HEA "had accumulated funds in five universities of €159m at September 30, 2014. On September 30, 2013, the figure was €125m".
The C&AG, Seamus McCarthy, said: "Essentially, it arises from a change in the pension arrangements in respect of those five universities as a result of the 2009 Act where an existing pension fund into which the universities were contributing was transferred to the National Pensions Reserve Fund."
"However, the Higher Educational Authority, HEA, continued to fund them as if they were still contributing and they were instructed to pay the surplus funds into individual pension fund accounts.
"They are recorded in the individual universities but they will be there in the future to meet liabilities that otherwise would fall on the HEA. It is an anomalous situation, and the fund is growing by about €30m a year," he said.
Chairman of the PAC John McGuinness has told the Irish Independent that the heads of the universities, as well as the HEA, are being called in before it to explain the cash mountain.
"They have been warned by the C&AG to bring this in through their mainstream accounts and show it and that is what they should be doing. Putting money to one side and treating it differently is not acceptable in the context of public transparency and accountability," Mr McGuinness said.
The HEA has said that previously the cost of meeting the pension liabilities in each of the colleges used to be covered by the normal block grant given to them every year.
The universities must now put all of the model pension scheme funds into a separate pension control account, it said.
"These combined pension control accounts totalled €159m gross at September 30, 2014," the HEA said.
It says however, that there is a substantial deficit accumulating in the closed scheme to the value of €156m at that date due to the age profile of the members.
"This €156m needs to be offset against the cumulative surplus on the model scheme," a HEA spokesman said.
Irish Independent
Every once in a while, I run into a situation where I need dummy data to test my code against. If you need to do tests on a new database or table, you will run into the need for dummy data often. I recently came across an interesting package called Faker. Faker's sole purpose is to create semi-random fake data. Faker can create fake names, addresses, browser user agents, domains, paragraphs and much more. We will spend a few moments in this article demonstrating some of Faker's capabilities.
Getting Started
First of all, you will need to install Faker. If you have pip (and why wouldn't you?), all you need to do is this:
pip install fake-factory
Now that you have the package installed, we can start using it!
Creating Fake Data
Creating fake data with Faker is really easy to do. Let's look at a few examples. We will start with a couple of examples that create fake names:
from faker import Factory #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def create_names ( fake ) : "" "" "" for i in range ( 10 ) : print fake. name ( ) if __name__ == "__main__" : fake = Factory. create ( ) create_names ( fake )
If you run the code above, you will see 10 different names printed to stdout. This is what I got when I ran it:
Mrs. Terese Walter MD
Jess Mayert
Ms. Katerina Fisher PhD
Mrs. Senora Purdy PhD
Gretchen Tromp
Winnie Goodwin
Yuridia McGlynn MD
Betty Kub
Nolen Koelpin
Adilene Jerde
You will likely receive something different. Every time I've run the script, the results were never the same. Most of the time, I don't want the name to have a prefix or a suffix, so I created another script that only produces a first and last name:
from faker import Factory #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def create_names2 ( fake ) : "" "" "" for i in range ( 10 ) : name = "%s %s" % ( fake. first_name ( ) , fake. last_name ( ) ) print name if __name__ == "__main__" : fake = Factory. create ( ) create_names2 ( fake )
If you run this second script, the names you see should not contain a prefix (i.e. Ms., Mr., etc) or a suffix (i.e. PhD, Jr., etc). Let's take a look at some of the other types of fake data that we can generate with this package.
Creating Other Fake Stuff
Now we'll spend a few moments learning about some of the other fake data that Faker can generate. The following piece of code will create six pieces of fake data. Let's take a look:
from faker import Factory #---------------------------------------------------------------------- def create_fake_stuff ( fake ) : "" "" "" stuff = [ "email" , "bs" , "address" , "city" , "state" , "paragraph" ] for item in stuff: print "%s = %s" % ( item, getattr ( fake, item ) ( ) ) if __name__ == "__main__" : fake = Factory. create ( ) create_fake_stuff ( fake )
Here we use Python's built-in getattr function to call some of Faker's methods. When I ran this script, I received the following for output:
email = pacocha. aria @kris. com bs = reinvent collaborative systems address = 57188 Leuschke Mission Lake Jaceystad, KY 46291 city = West Luvinialand state = Oregon paragraph = Possimus nostrum exercitationem harum eum in . Dicta aut officiis qui deserunt voluptas ullam ut. Laborum molestias voluptatem consequatur laboriosam. Omnis est cumque culpa quo illum.
Wasn't that fun?
Wrapping Up
The Faker package has many other methods that are not covered here. You should check out their full documentation to see what else you can do with this package. With a little work, you can use this package to populate a database or a report quite easily.
Video by PBS NewsHour
The U.S. decided to launch a surprise attack Thursday evening on a government-controlled air base in Syria. President Donald Trump said he ordered the attack in response to Syria President Bashar Assad's alleged involvement in a chemical attack that led to more than 80 deaths in the country earlier this week. The missiles hit the Shayrat air base at 8:45 p.m. EST — early Friday morning in Syria.
Below are the president's full statement on his decision to order the assault:
My fellow Americans:
On Tuesday, Syrian President Bashar al-Assad launched a horrible chemical attack on innocent civilians using a deadly nerve agent. Assad choked out the lives of helpless men, women and children. It was a slow and brutal death for so many. Even beautiful babies were cruelly murdered at this very barbaric attack. No child of God should ever suffer such horror.
Tonight, I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched. It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons. There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention and ignored the urging of the UN Security Council.
Numerous previous attempts at changing Assad's behavior have all found and failed very dramatically. As a result, the refugee crisis continues to deepen and the region continues to destabilize, threatening the United States and its allies.
Tonight I call on all civilized nations to join us in seeking to end the slaughter and bloodshed in Syrian and also to end terrorism of all kinds and all types. We asked for God's wisdom as we face the challenge of our very troubled world. We pray for the lives of the wounded and for the souls of those who passed. And we hope as long as America stands for justice and peace and harmony will in the end prevail.
Good night and God Bless America and the entire world.
I was on KOMO TV, an ABC affiliate recently! How did this come to pass? Well, I posted a pocture that was sent to me by Samyu Group, a noodle company over in Malaysia. They have a wall of clocks for important timezones like London, Tokyo, New York, etc. Well, They'd done one for Kenmore, WA for where I live! The PR person contacted their PR agency who contacted KOMO TV and in a few weeks, I had a few people over and a big light pointed at me and a huge video camera in here! I want to thank Leslie Harris from the City Of Kenmore, Eric Schudiske from Gallatin Public Affairs, and Leslie Cohen and Eric Jensen from KOMO TV Seattle! Here are some videos and the story on their website.
Here's the finished bowl (click to enlarge) – with tofu puff, mung bean sprouts, Dodo fishball and hard boiled egg.
April 1984: Pete Rose does his classic slide to second base after walking. He was safe. (Photo: Enquirer file)
The question was simple, if Pete Rose is going to have a statue at Great American Ball Park, what will it look like?
“I sure in hell don't want to be standing at Turfway (Park) in the $2 window,” Rose joked Tuesday at the press conference announcing his selection to the Reds Hall of Fame, as well as the announcement that his No. 14 will be retired this year and a statue will be commissioned for Great American Ball Park. “I can say that now, there's nobody looking over my shoulder.”
Rose, of course, has been on baseball's permanently ineligible list since 1989 after an investigation found he bet on baseball.
In December, Major League baseball commissioner Rob Manfred denied Rose's latest request for reinstatement, one that many saw as Rose's last chance at enshrinement in the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum in Cooperstown, N.Y.
But that finality also opened up the doors for the Reds to honor him, which they will do in June with a weekend in his honor.
It's unlikely a statue will be ready by then, but a design could be. Artist Tom Tsuchiya has been commissioned to do the statue. Tsuchiya has done all seven statues at Great American Ball Park, as well as the statue of Chuck Harmon at the Reds' Urban Youth Academy in Roselawn.
“I've been thinking about this Pete Rose for 12 years and working on different ideas,” Tsuchiya said on Tuesday.
Tsuchiya said there's been no final decision, and that he will work with the Reds and Rose to get the statue just right.
Like the rest of us, Tsuchiya is asking just what should a Pete Rose statue look like?
It could be him standing at first base, pointing his index finger to the stands after hit No. 4,192.
Or it could be him in his familiar low batting crouch (from either the left side or the right side).
How about lowering his shoulder, ready to crash into Ray Fosse in the All-Star Game?
If anything, really, Rose said he'd probably like to see a statue of himself diving head-first.
CLOSE Pete Rose talks about his induction into the Reds Hall of Fame in June. Out of respect for MLB, the team had held off on Pete's induction until after Commissioner Rob Manfred ruled. The Enquirer/Carrie Cochran
There are plenty of photos to choose from, a simple Google image search will show you plenty, including those in the 1975 World Series, the 1976 World Series and even perhaps the most famous picture, the one of him sliding head-first into third at Chicago's Wrigley Field. There are even others at home and some in Phillies uniforms, although that would never fly.
But Rose, helmet off and '70s mane flowing, caught forever in mid-air trying to reach the next base safely is what most would find fitting – including Rose himself.
“Probably a head-first statue would be more up my alley than down like this (in a batting crouch), because I was known for that,” Rose said.
That sounds like a tough task for Tsuchiya, considering physics and the such. But he has thought about it – even going as far as doing research on using magnets for a floating sculpture. “I'd thought about using magnetic levitation, but discarded that idea for all sorts of safety and liability issue,” he said.
That doesn't mean he hasn't given up on the pose.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Bengals Beat newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Bengals Beat Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“The head-first slide is one I'm considering very seriously,” Tsuchiya said. “Technically it's feasible, I've been working with some engineers that can solve these kinds of problems. We don't know that that's going to be the pose, but I know how to solve it. I've been working on it for some time.”
Rose said any statue is an incredible honor, and in the end, he's excited just to have one, once again joining Big Red Machine teammates Johnny Bench, Joe Morgan and Tony Perez.
“(I'm happy for) any statue,” Rose said, “as long as it has that ‘C' on it.”
The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has ruled the policy requiring students at Roy Gomm Elementary School in Reno to wear uniforms unconstitutional.
The policy required students to wear shirts or sweatshirts emblazoned with a logo bearing the school name, a picture of the school mascot and the motto "Tomorrow's Leaders."
Mary and Jon Frudden challenged the policy saying their two children shouldn't be required to wear the uniforms. They specifically objected to the motto.
The appellate court agreed and also ruled against the exemption allowing students in recognized organizations such as the Cub Scouts to wear their uniforms instead of the school shirts.
"We hold that the uniform policy — both the motto requirement and the exemption — violate the First Amendment," the opinion states.
The case has been back and forth through the courts since it was filed in 2011. The Fruddens' two children are no longer in elementary school.
The sun unleashed a powerful storm early Tuesday morning (Aug. 20), sending an enormous cloud of superheated particles rocketing toward Earth.
The solar eruption, known as a coronal mass ejection (CME), occurred at 4:24 a.m. EDT (0824 GMT) Tuesday and blasted billions of tons of solar particles toward Earth at a mind-boggling speed of 2 million mph (3.3 million km/h).
"Experimental NASA research models, based on observations from NASA's Solar Terrestrial Relations Observatory, show that the CME left the sun at speeds of around 570 miles per second, which is a fairly typical speed for CMEs," NASA officials wrote in an update today. NASA's twin Stereo spacecraft and the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory, operated by NASA and the European Space Agency, captured photos of the solar storm from space.
The particles ejected by Earth-directed CMEs typically take two or three days to reach our planet, at which point they can trigger geomagnetic storms that can disrupt radio communications, GPS signals and power grids.
However, Tuesday's blast doesn't appear to have too much disruptive potential.
"In the past, geomagnetic storms caused by CMEs of this strength have usually been mild," NASA officials wrote.
CMEs that hit Earth can also ramp up the auroras, also known as the northern and southern lights. In fact, an enhanced auroral display may be on tap tonight and tomorrow for some skywatchers, thanks to a CME that erupted on Saturday (Aug. 17).
The cloud from this CME is not expected to slam directly into Earth, but our planet will likely cruise through the cloud's wake after it passes by, experts said.
"This could trigger polar geomagnetic storms despite the CME being off-target," the website SpaceWeather.com reported today. "High-latitude sky watchers should be alert for auroras on August 20-21."
The sun is reaching the peak activity phase of its current 11-year cycle, which is known as Solar Cycle 24. Solar Cycle 24's maximum is shaping up to be the weakest of the last 100 years or so, scientists say, with relatively few powerful solar flares, CMEs and other big space weather events.
Editor's note: If you snap an amazing picture of the northern lights or any other night sky sight that you'd like to share for a possible story or image gallery, send photos, comments and your name and location to Managing Editor Tariq Malik at spacephotos@space.com.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on SPACE.com.
Related on Space.com and MNN:
This story was originally written for Space.com and is republished with permission here. Copyright 2012 SPACE.com , a TechMediaNetwork company.
Sun fires solar storm directly at Earth
The solar eruption, known as a coronal mass ejection, blasted billions of tons of solar particles toward Earth at a of 2 million mph.
BellaOnline 42508
This article is temporarily unavailable, but this site has more content to browse through. To access, go to Archive in the right hand column and scroll down the list. At the foot of the page you will see more pages to scroll through. Another way to view content is to sign up for a BellaOnline newsletter. That way when a new article is posted on a topic that interests you, you will receive notification in your email box. You can sign up for as many newsletters as you wish. BellaOnline does not sell or give your email address to anyone else. We respect your privacy.
To sign up for a newsletter copy this URL into your browser address bar:
http://www.bellaonline.com/misc/newsletters.asp
BellaOnline is set up for you to easily move around the site, much as hands on the clock move in a clockwise direction, with articles right in the center. Using that model let us look at noon: by clicking on the large BellaOnline logo you are taken to the front page of the entire site. Here you will see the latest articles listed as they appear. Those at the top of the list are the newest.
Moving over to 1 o'clock you will find the thin bar with Forums to click on which will take you to all the site forums. Come join in with more than 30,000 users participating in discussions on many of the site topics. Our forums are moderated and abuse, scam and spam are removed as found. We aim to have safe forums for family viewing. Moving around to 2 and 3 o'clock you will see a list of the 3 most recent articles or featured articles on the site you are looking at. Then the Archive button and Newsletter signups.
At 4 o'clock you will see the box titled Members Area. Here are more opportunities to check into the site offerings. Click on Member Login to set up a free BellaOnline account.
Going across the page to 7 to 9 o'clock, you will see the box listing new editors. Check out what sites are being rejuvenated here. And the Daily Click box for some fun activities if you are bored.
At last but not least at 10 to 11 o'clock you will find the Channel Listings of all our BellaOnline sites. If you click on a listing you will find the sites dedicated to that heading. And the most recent articles for the channel come through here at the same time. It is another way to keep up to date with the ever-changing face and growing content on BellaOnline.com!
The “Sons of Anarchy” universe expansion will indeed continue. The pilot for FX's “Mayans MC,” focusing on the Mayans motorcycle club, will begin shooting in March, directed by “Sons” creator Kurt Sutter from a script from Sutter and Elgin James. Sutter will serve as executive producer, with James as co-executive producer.
“Mayans” will follow EZ Reyes, a “prospect” — potential member — for the club's charter on the California-Mexico border. EZ will struggle with his desire for vengeance against the local cartel and his need for the women in his life to respect him. “Sons” fans will recognize the Mayans from “Sons of Anarchy,” where they were sometimes allies, sometimes adversaries to the Sons of Anarchy Motorcycle Club's northern California charter.
“Mayans MC” hasn't officially been ordered to series, but the odds of it ending up among FX's busted pilots — a small group in and of itself — are small. “Sons of Anarchy” was FX's highest-rated ongoing series over its seven-season run, a show that routinely beat out its broadcast competition in the 10 p.m. hour. Sutter's last show for FX, the non-“SoA”-related “The Bastard Executioner,” didn't fare quite as well, and Sutter and FX agreed to end the series after a season.
“Mayans MC” comes from Fox 21 TV Studios and FX Productions. Sutter is represented by WME. James is represented by WME, Electric City, and Gang, Tyre, Ramer & Brown.
It is said that when Ireland received its independence from Britain in 1921 it handed it over to the Catholic Church. For the next seven decades the Church dominated Irish life and shaped it to suit its teachings. While Ireland never became a theocracy, it came pretty close. Irish politicians of all parties declared their loyalty to the Church and gave the hierarchy unquestioned influence over policy. Politicians declared themselves Catholics first and Irishmen second. And what was the result of this influence? A stagnant society dominated by narrow mindedness sectarian pettiness. A socially suffocating society where all common sense and flexibility was abandoned in place of rigid dogma. An authoritarian atmosphere where all signs of modernity were repressed. Where brutality was condoned and ignored and unimaginable cruelty was shown to women and children, the extent of which is only coming to light now. This is the legacy of the church.
Soon after independence, the Catholic hierarchy successfully pushed to have divorce outlawed. Concerns over what this would mean for the Protestant minority was ignored, frankly nobody cared about them. The ban was imposed on non-Catholics as well as believers in 1925. It was relatively uncontroversial and accepted by all parties that the hierarchy had a right to decide what was and was not acceptable. The Church decided that divorce was immoral and therefore couples must stay married no matter how unhappy and miserable they were together. The “sanctity” of marriage was such that women had no escape from alcoholic or useless or abusive husbands. The Church made it clear that dogma was more important than people (particularly women's lives) and that it was better to be pious than compassionate. The idea that two consenting adults should be free to decide how to live their lives was rejected. The ban on divorce was added to the 1937 Constitution and not removed until a referendum in 1996 (only by 50.5% to 49.5% and after a defeated referendum in 1986).
The Church quickly gave itself the position of protector of the nation's morals. It assumed the right to decide what people could read and watch. It enforced this through mass censorship beginning in 1929. Thousands of books and films were banned or edited to remove sections that didn't agree with Catholic ethos. Many of the reasons given were absurd such as simply describing characters engaging in such immoral acts as kissing and dancing (even hinting at abortion would guarantee censorship). Pretty much every Irish author of note (including Samuel Beckett, James Joyce, Brendan Behan, John B. Keane, Sean O'Casey, Frank O'Connor and George Bernard Shaw) found their work censored or banned and couldn't read their work in their own country. Famous authors such as Graham Greene, Dylan Thomas, Ernest Hemingway, Sinclair Lewis, Kingsley Amis, John Steinbeck, Tennessee Williams, J.D. Salinger, Sigmund Freud, George Orwell and Bertrand Russell all had works censored. Films such as the Life of Brian and Groucho Marx movies were banned (even Gone With The Wind had 14 cuts made) as was the famous pub song Seven Drunken Nights. The Church believed it had a right to control not only what people did, but also what they thought. All signs of creativity and innovation were looked upon with suspicion by the Church and its censors who would rather have a nation of devout idiots than a nation of freethinking skeptics.
The Church's grip included the total prohibition of contraceptives and abortion. In their eyes decisions regarding a women's body were to be made by the parish priest. Women were too prone to sin (Eve was their model) to be trusted to make decisions. No the Church must be a bulwark against such modern and immoral notions as family planning and choice. The right to choose only applied to the Church, everyone else had an obligation to obey. Never mind that most Irish parents had to raise more children than they could possible afford or that women were forced to be little more than baby makers. The Church had decided and women had to obey. Contraceptives had to be smuggled in from abroad and it wasn't until 1979 that they could be legally purchased (and only then by married couples with a prescription from a doctor). Full liberalisation had to wait until the 1990s.
The Church showed similar disregard for women's health and wishes during pregnancy. Abortion was forbidden no matter how much danger the mother's life was in, no matter if she had been raped, no matter whether or not she could raise the child or afford to provide it with a decent life. Abortion was forbidden and no opposition was to be tolerated (though it fairness little has changed since then). This narrowed mindedness had tragic consequences. In 1984, four months after voters choose to add an anti-abortion amendment to the constitution, a 14 year old girl died while giving birth beneath a shrine to the Virgin Mary. Ann Lovett was a victim of the strict Catholic values of the time which put little value on a women's life. She had to hide her pregnancy and could confide in no one for fear of how they would judge her. She was neglected by a society dominated by a creeping Jesus mentality. This mealy pious indifference was on display when a 14 old rape victim was physically prevented by police from receiving an abortion abroad. The thought of being forced to raise the child of her rapist while still a child herself made the girl suicidal, but no mercy was shown. It was better than a girl should suffer needlessly than Catholic doctrine be violated. Only the intervention of the Supreme Court (in the famous X case) saved the day.
All that was different was shunned. You were either a good Catholic or a bad person; those who didn't follow the rules of the Church were frowned upon. This extended to homosexuality which was illegal until 1993. That's right; during my lifetime (most of those who are rewarding this) a Western European country was so ignorant as to keep homosexuality illegal. Unmarried mothers and women who didn't meet the Church's standards of what was acceptable were dumped into Magdalene Laundries. Here they were kept against their will, forced to work without pay and treated horrendously by nuns. It is a great irony that people capable of such cruelty often carried such lovely names as the Sister of Mercy or the sisters of Charity. The Laundries were monuments to cruelty and the last one only closed in 1996.
Words cannot describe the most horrific legacy of the Church. I cannot impart the full meaning of its greatest atrocity. The decades long abuse by priests of children in industrial schools is the greatest crime committed in 20th century Ireland. Thousands of children were placed in industrial schools as punishment for petty crimes, as orphans or because their parents could not look after them. The Church directly ran these schools which were hellholes. Children were beaten, humiliated, abused both physically and mentally and even raped. Emotional abuse and degradation was constant and sexual abuse was endemic. Children failed to receive an education and instead grew up in a climate of fear and neglect. Nor was this only an isolated incident, it was truly systematic. The ritualised beating of corporal punishment was routine. Roughly 170,000 children passed through the industrial schools by the time the last one closed in 1974. The Ryan Report detailed how they experienced a system based on cruelty, violence and abuse all run by men claiming their lives were based on love and forgiveness.
The Murphy Report detailed the fact that the hierarchy's main concern was to cover up the abuse and to block victim compensation for as long as possible. It found that “maintenance of secrecy, the avoidance of scandal, the protection of the reputation of the church and the preservation of its assets” were the main priorities of the Church, not the victims.
It is too horrific to describe in detail. I enjoy blogging, but this post as proven too depressing for me to go into full detail and I will end it here. I will spare you the details, all you need to know is that Church completely abused its power and committed acts of great evil. We can never forget what it did. The Church will always be a discredited institution.
So whenever someone talks about how the Church is full of love and forgiveness, I ignore these empty words and look at its actions. I remember how it acted when it was powerful, when it was in control. I remember the crimes of the past, the horrific abuse it committed and tolerated. I remember the backward and ignorant culture they promoted where modernity and progress was scorned. I remember the guilt it imposed upon Catholics for every minor infraction and made their lives unnecessarily miserable. I remember the wealth and power it accumulated while inflicting suffering on others. I remember all the other scandals I have not discussed here such as the Mayo librarian, the Fethard-on-Sea boycott, the Mother and Child scheme, the subjugation of women and their confinement to the home or the Ferns Report because compiling a complete list of the crimes of the Church is a mammoth task. The legacy of the Catholic Church is misery. I do not hate religion, but I despise the Church.
Advertisements
Microsoft has touted the Xbox One's cloud-computing capabilities, promising that the system's hardware resources can be freed up by accessing remote servers that handle AI and physics calculations. Those remote computations, Microsoft says, will allow the Xbox One, unlike the Xbox 360, to become more powerful over time.
Sony Computer Entertainment's Shuhei Yoshida says that the PlayStation 4 can tap into similar technology, offloading processes that are typically handled locally to the cloud.
Yoshida said that "of course" PS4 developers will be able to take advantage of cloud-based computing for their titles.
"Linking, matchmaking... there are already many computations being done on the cloud side," Yoshida said, adding that there are limitations to what processes can be offloaded to a remote computer, due to latency and bandwidth.
Asked whether cloud-based computing technology would face issues of adoption, since Sony does not require an online connection for PS4, Yoshida said, "No."
"We don't believe every title needs that," he said. "But if your title needs [an] online connection to provide some online features: Go for it."
When Sony unveiled the PlayStation 4, it focused on using cloud-based technology for the delivery of streaming games, instant-play demos and the ability to let a friend on the internet take over gameplay on your PlayStation 4. Microsoft's implementation of cloud-based computing emphasized tapping into "variable number of transistors in the cloud."
Gaikai's cloud service is coming to PlayStation 4 sometime in 2014 after the console's initial launch.
Reenactment of a second century Roman legionary wearing an incorrectly constructed manica over his right arm. The plates should overlap upwards, not downwards as shown here, or on a lorica segmentata.
Tropeum Traiani Metope XX Legionary with manica laminata and sword, facing a Dacian falxman
As early as Achaemenid times, there were references to "cheires" which consisted of hoops of metal that would be worn on the rein arm of a cavalryman. Hooped armour became extremely popular in the Saka, Parthian, and Kushan kingdoms and was used on both arms and legs. They can be seen at Khalchayan and on many pieces of Parthian artwork. In addition, two pieces were excavated at Taxila, dating to the 1st Century.
Roman troops fought crupellarii in the revolt of Florus and Sacrovir of AD 21 .[2] From Trajan's Dacian Wars come the only representational evidence for the use of the manica, and we do not know if its use in that campaign was widespread or rare.[3] Manicae (along with metal greaves) are attested as a supplement to metal body armour on several reliefs depicting that campaign, including the Tropaeum Traiani at Adamclisi and Trajan's Column.
These extra pieces of armour may have been used as a protection against the Dacian falcēs, which were two-handed weapons which could hit with great force. Trajan's column in Rome seems to suggest that the lorica segmentata and the manica were only issued to Roman-born legionaries and not to auxiliaries. However, the Tropaeum Traiani, which is considered a better guide to the reality of field equipment, portrays Roman legionaries and heavy infantry auxiliaries equipped in the same fashion—both wearing scale body armour with manica arm guards.
China's Xiaomi outed its latest smartphone, the Mi Note, yesterday, and we briefly managed to get our mitts on the 5.7-inch screen device.
As the first phablet in Xiaomi's flagship Mi family, it is pretty easy to make a comparison with the iPhone 6+. Indeed, CEO Lei Jun did compare the specs of the two phones during the launch event, but there are plenty of differences between the two.
The Mi Note uses curved glass to give it graceful edges, the phone actually has glass fronts on both sides, and its camera — which sports an OIC — doesn't stick out as it does on the Apple device. There's also a whopping 3,000 mAh battery to help the phone last as long as possible, though we haven't had a chance to do a takeaway review of its capacity at this point.
The Mi Note feels great in the hand. This phone is seriously wafer thin at just 6.95mm thick and 161g in weight, but yet the build quality is sturdy.
At 2,299 CNY ($370) for a 16GB model and 2,799 (circa $450) for the 64GB version, the device adheres to Xiaomi's super-competitive approach to price — even the specc'ed up Mi Note Pro will retail for 3,299 CNY ($535), that's roughly half the cost of a top of the range iPhone 6+ unlocked.
[gallery ids="1106195,1106196,1106197,1106191,1106192,1106193,1106194,1106198,1106199,1106200,1106201,1106202,1106203,1106204,1106205,1106206,1106209"]
There's no word on when the new devices will appear in overseas markets at this point. Xiaomi sells its phones in seven countries, but it has plans to expand that number in 2015, most likely to Brazil, Turkey, Russia and other parts of Southeast Asia. If you're not living in those places, you're limited to marveling at these phones from afar, unfortunately.
Bonus photos: Xiaomi also revealed a new set of $80 headphones. Don't expect to see them sold outside of China soon/perhaps ever though.
[gallery ids="1106177,1106176,1106156,1106178,1106174"]
It's a tale of two Arendelle-based sisters, Elsa and Anna, left orphaned and forced to take care for themselves after their parents died at sea.
Each sister makes deeply personal sacrifices in order to maintain their inner circle as they deal with the coldest winter to ever hit their kingdom. And then there's Olaf, the snowman who likes warm hugs.
By now, most people recognize the plot details of Disney's box-office blockbuster "Frozen," which raked in nearly $1.3 billion, making it the fifth all-time-highest grossing movie worldwide and the highest grossing animated feature ever. The movie was release in 2013 and, less than a year later, "Frozen" isn't done yet.
The smash hit is still breaking records, but in a cooler way—both literally and metaphorically.
"'Frozen on Ice' was the ultimate no brainer and its success has just steamrolled," said Nicole Feld in an interview. She is the executive vice-president of Feld Entertainment, the three-generation family business responsible for bringing the animated movie "Frozen" from on-screen to a live entertainment feature on ice.
"Kids know every single piece of music and dialogue," she said. "Our goal was to stay true to the heart and soul of the movie but in live space and not animation."
Read MoreQueen Elsa dethrones Barbie as top toy
Are you worried about the future? It's hard not to be. If you watch the news, you mostly see violence, disasters, danger. Some in my business call it "fear porn" or "pessimism porn." People like the stuff; it makes them feel alive and informed.
Of course, it's our job to tell you about problems. If a plane crashes—or disappears—that's news. The fact that millions of planes arrive safely is a miracle, but it's not news.
So we soak in disasters—and warnings about the next one: bird flu, global warming, potential terrorism. I won Emmys hyping risks but stopped winning them when I wised up and started reporting on the overhyping of risks. My colleagues didn't like that as much.
In England, science journalist Matt Ridley also realized he had focused on the wrong things. That realization led to the more positive outlook in his book The Rational Optimist. Now Ridley gives lectures about why he's an optimist. It's not just an attitude; it's an accurate assessment of how well the human race has fared over the past several hundred years.
"I discovered that almost everything is getting better, even the things that people thought were getting worse," says Ridley.
He was taught to think the future was bleak. "The population explosion was unstoppable. Famine was inevitable. Pesticides were going to shorten our lives. The Ice Age was coming back. Acid rain was killing forests ... All these things were going to go wrong."
Yet time and again, humanity survived doomsday. Not just survived, we flourish. Population increases, yet famine becomes rarer. More energy is used, yet the environment gets cleaner. Innovation and trade keep improving our lives.
But the media win by selling pessimism porn. "People are much more interested in hearing about something that's gone wrong," says Ridley. "It sounds wiser to talk about what might go wrong than to talk about what might go right."
Or what already went right. Over the past 40 years, murder dropped by 40 percent, rape by 80 percent, and, outside of war zones, Islamic terrorism claims fewer than 400 lives a year. The last decade saw the fewest lives claimed in war since record keeping began.
One unnecessary death is tragic, but the big picture is good news.
Our brains just aren't very good at keeping track of the good news. Evolution programmed us to pay attention to problems. Good news often happens slowly. The media miss it.
There is, however, one big problem that threatens our future: the political class. Politicians offer us unsustainable debt and incomprehensible regulations. So far the economy has survived that because of what the Mercatus Center's Adam Thierer calls "permission-less innovation."
No one got approval from Washington to do Google searches, create Facebook profiles, or invent apps for Apple. If we did, they probably would never have happened. It's fortunate entrepreneurs keep making things faster than worried, control-freak government can smother them.
Google now informs us about most anything within seconds for free. Today people in the poorest countries have access to more information than the rich used to have. Email is free. So are Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and Skype.
The new "sharing economy" improves our lives. Companies like Roomorama and Airbnb let us share homes. Uber, Sidecar and Lyft let us share cars. EatWith.com lets us share a home-cooked meal.
Government regulators reflexively move to crush or control every such development, fearing that rooms rented online will be disruptive to neighbors, rides from Lyft too dangerous, and meals found through EatWith unhealthy. There's always some reason to worry—even though these same politicians don't worry too much about the risks of excessive government and its $17 trillion in debt.
Progress now depends on innovators finding customers faster than sleepy politicians can regulate. Better to beg forgiveness later than ask permission now. By the time bureaucrats wake up, entrepreneurs have lots of happy customers who lobby for the survival of those businesses.
You might call it "entrepreneurial civil disobedience." It's what it takes to win in today's hyper-regulated America. It's a good thing—and our best hope of having more good things in the future.
SINGAPORE owes its existence, and its prosperity, to its place at the heart of intra-Asian trade. In more than 50 years of independence, the city-state has striven mightily to attract investment from all over the world. Such has been its success, indeed, that others hope to imitate its open, low-tax model. In Britain, for example, there has been talk of the country turning into a “European Singapore” once withdrawal from the EU is complete. (It would be a nice start if London's Tube operated with anything like the same efficiency as Singapore's subway network.)
The current mood in Singapore, however, is far less buoyant than you might imagine. Singapore has survived and thrived by steering a middle course between America and China. It has been alarmed both by the isolationist rhetoric of President Donald Trump and by recent, highly unusual, public spats with China.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Global trade growth has slowed in recent years. Despite signs of a pickup, this has had a big effect in a city that has the world's second-busiest port and that (according to Barclays, a bank) is the country most exposed to the global value chains created by multinational companies. Annual GDP growth in 2016 was just 1.8%, the slowest rate since 2009. Even in this famously open economy, the government has been allowing in fewer foreign workers in the face of pressure from the voters.
The city still has enormous potential as a regional financial centre. Thanks to its political stability and strong legal and regulatory systems, Singapore looks like a natural haven—an Asian Switzerland. In particular, Indian offshore wealth is being attracted to the city, which hopes to be a hub for the budding market in masala bonds (rupee-denominated debt issued outside India).
Singapore has a rare AAA credit rating. The IMF last year described its banks as “well capitalised”, with adequate provisions for bad loans, despite worries about their exposure to oil-and-gas firms. Singapore is now the third-biggest trading centre for foreign exchange in the world (having overtaken Tokyo in 2013). It also has a growing derivatives market with daily over-the-counter volume of $400bn, as of October 2015. Finance comprises 13% of the country's GDP, considerably more than the 8% share it contributes to Britain's.
But Singapore faces a strong challenge as a regional finance hub from Hong Kong, which benefits from far stronger links to the Chinese economy. Hong Kong has the upper hand over Singapore in terms of investment banking, particularly in corporate-finance businesses such as mergers and acquisitions. Hong Kong's capital markets are much deeper; the local economy in Singapore is simply not large enough to generate the same volume of business. Many of South-East Asia's businesses are family-owned and rely on banks (or reinvested profits) rather than the markets for finance. Singapore's daily stockmarket turnover in 2016 was around S$1.1bn ($797m), down by 19% on 2013 and less than a tenth of the Hong Kong stock exchange's daily volume.
Indeed, the magnetic pull of China may only increase if America under Mr Trump retreats from its Asian role. Multinationals may feel that they simply have to locate more resources in Hong Kong than Singapore for the sake of proximity to the regional superpower.
Singapore's long-term prospects may depend on how two trends resolve themselves. Asians are becoming wealthier and are looking for other ways to invest their money aside from bank deposits and property. As Asian economies become more important to the world economy, so banks, insurance companies and fund managers will look to increase their operations in the region. As the thief Willie Sutton said when asked why he robbed banks: “That's where the money is.”
At the same time, however, technology means that investors can manage their money with the click of a mouse or the swipe of an app. And they can do so at very low cost. Vanguard, an index-tracking fund manager, attracted more global mutual-fund inflows last year than its ten largest rivals combined. Index-tracking managers don't need to have a regional base in a gleaming office tower in Singapore or Hong Kong.
This city is trying to ride this trend by becoming known as a hub for “fintech”, whereby new, technology-driven groups take aim at established, high-cost finance firms. But this is a tricky tightrope to walk. Fintech may cannibalise existing financial businesses without generating many additional jobs. The next 50 years may present Singapore with even greater challenges than its first half-century.
Foucault on the Arts and Letters: Perspectives for the Twentyfirst Century, edited by Catherine M. Soussloff, explores the oft-neglected intersection between the arts and Foucauldian political theory: namely, Michel Foucault's claim that aesthetic concerns were too frequently withdrawn from the political sphere and his determination to expose the relation between the two. The collection contributes to understanding Foucault's positions on various artistic domains as a way of generating insight into future cultural interpretation at a time when it has never been more expedient to do so, writes Joshua Sharman.
Foucault on the Arts and Letters: Perspectives for the Twentyfirst Century. Catherine M. Soussloff (ed.). Rowman and Littlefield. 2016.
Find this book:
The central claim and task of Foucault on the Arts and Letters: Perspectives for the Twentyfirst Century is to reveal how Michel Foucault ‘drew extensively from methods found in art and literary criticism' (xiii) as a way of ‘thinking the self through the work of art' (xiv). It aims to achieve this through a diverse range of essays analysing Foucault's oeuvre within the context of different artistic and literary paradigms. The book is divided into four sections, each centred on a broad thematic area of analysis. The first is devoted to the visual; the second to the body; the third to heroic and tragic subjectivity; and the fourth to the aesthetics of transformation. A brief sketch of the first two will suffice, as the more developed chapters in the collection seem, to this reader at least, to be found in the second half of the book.
The first section begins with Dana Arnold's essay, which underlines ‘the importance of locating invisibilities and silences in Foucault's overall project of the articulation of existence' (xiv). She locates within Foucault's critique of madness a conception of ‘unreason' and ‘the archaeology of silence' (xiv). This is followed up by Anton Lee, who draws out a ‘post-Cartesian photography' in Foucault's single essay on photography and his final published text, an essay on US photographer Duane Michals. The key point here is how to understand the issue of subjectivity within the context of ‘photographic visualisations of a shifting identity' (xv). The section is completed by a chapter looking at the work of French artist Jean-Luc Molène and how we might comprehend Foucault's revised concept of the archive in relation to critiques of art as an institution. It recommends a ‘refusal to accept the evidence of photography and its appeal to reality' (xv), remaining sceptical of visual practices that depend on a transparent conception of the archive for their functioning.
The second section introduces us to the concept of the body in relation to dance and music under a Foucauldian interpretation. Body and experience are portrayed throughout Foucault's writings, and his rendering of them is inspiration for two essays. The first deals with the relationship between dance and Foucault's notion of ‘lived experience', showing the latter to be exemplified in choreographed dance techniques. The second demonstrates how there is a triadic relation between the piano étude, the disciplinary techniques imposed upon the body and the self-conscious production of the self in relation to the aesthetics of existence. These initial sections, whilst interesting and plausibly compelling to some degree, are in the final analysis tenuous in relating Foucault's concerns to those working further afield. It is not entirely clear, for example, that Foucault has much, if anything, to add to discussions on dance choreography.
Turning to the more convincing elements of the collection and perhaps the most important in developing some of Foucault's central thematic concerns, Marisa C. Sanchez analyses the use that Foucault makes of Samuel Beckett's characters in his lectures and writings. She notes that both had the same question of subject formation grounding their work and that for Foucault, Beckett provides the means to ‘explore the function of the author and discourse formation' (121). The key point that Foucault makes in interpreting Beckett is the conception of a ‘break with a certain past, of a new starting point for a fundamentally different kind of discourse', which allows literary texts to operate as ‘ways of exiting from philosophy' by collapsing the distinction between the philosophical and its negation.
For both writers, the way discourse operates is important for dissolving this division. They envisage language as a ‘permeable surface through which new possibilities could be created beyond existing or perceived limits' (123). In this way, Foucault imagines that ‘the author is a process of interpretive practice' (124), and embarks on an analysis of the ‘network of external and internal systems that exercise control over discourse' (124). Sanchez remarks that in doing so, Foucault stakes his claim to an interdisciplinary approach within the university: one that aims to overcome the ‘limitations imposed on discourse by the very formation of discrete disciplines' (124). There is more to say on the relationship between Beckett and Foucault, but Sanchez succeeds in clarifying initial points of contact between the two arranged around three issues: a love of ambiguity, scepticism of ideology and concern for figures lacking visibility within modern societies. The possibility remains for these intersections to be developed along wider philosophical lines.
In ‘Aesthetics Transformed', Catherine M. Soussloff, the collection's editor, analyses Gilles Deleuze's Foucault by focusing on the ‘primary significance of vision and “visibilities”' in Foucault's thinking as a whole (149). In Foucault, Deleuze presents the former's ‘theory of visibility' as providing crucial evidence of a distinctive philosophical method. Soussloff focuses on the importance of the role of paintings within Deleuze's argument. She achieves this by highlighting the significance of the actual paintings and painters named by Deleuze and described by Foucault in his writings, as well as the role of ‘paintings as bearers of meanings intrinsic to a particular artistic practice with a distinctive historical and conceptual apparatus' (149).
Soussloff notes that Foucault's contribution in his writings to visual arts is perspicuously lacking. Instead, what is crucial is his interest in ‘vision, visibility, and the visual' (150). For example, in his analysis of the painting ‘The Temptation of St. Anthony', Foucault contrasts ‘the painting's approach to the subject of madness with the written discourse of the same historical period' (150). This disjunction between painting and writing is useful in showing that painting offers ‘a particular kind of visibility not available in language', whilst art history offers ‘methods of classification of significance to “the world”' (151). Deleuze claims Foucault to be therefore ‘a new archivist' who, using a unique method, refused the traditional techniques of ‘formalisation' and ‘interpretation' (something Deleuze himself focuses on explicitly in his earlier works: Proust and Signs, for instance). What Soussloff succeeds in offering is an important insight into an obvious similarity in the kinds of representational accounts of meaning that Deleuze and Foucault were trying to oppose.
Overall, the collection of essays is valuable for emphasising the method by which Foucault's work can dissolve the standard opposition between philosophy and topics usually viewed as being outside its remit. Although some of the earlier essays may fall short in demonstrating a convincing link between the political and the aesthetic in Foucault's work, the collection nonetheless reinforces the need to develop political concerns alongside aesthetic ones and does this, for the most part, successfully.
Joshua Sharman is an MA candidate in Philosophy at the University of Warwick. His research interests are Nietzsche and the continental tradition, specifically the issues of value and meaning.
Note: This review gives the views of the author, and not the position of the LSE Review of Books blog, or of the London School of Economics.
Bethenny Frankel is no stranger to television. After appearing on the Real Housewives of New York, her spin-off show Bethenny Ever After and her talk show Bethenny, rumors are swirling that she may be returning to her roots.
A source told Radar Online that Bethenny is currently in talks with Bravo TV to appear on RHONY next season.
“Bethenny has been in formal talks with Bravo to return to RHONY . . . Bravo has told Bethenny she could return as a special guest star, which wouldn't require as much filming, which is appealing to her.”
Who else may be returning to RHONY? According to the source, former housewife Jill Zarin may also be popping up on the show next season.
“Producers need to shake up the cast because the ratings have just plummeted. They are also exploring the prospect of bringing Bethenny's frenemy, Jill Zarin back,” the source said. “Recently Jill appeared on ABC‘s Wife Swap, and fans on social media have been asking for her to return.”
I would love to see both of these ladies return since they were strong personalities on the show.
Would you want to see either Bethenny or Jill return to RHONY next season?
Follow Us On Twitter Here
And Like Us On Facebook Here
What do the different voting systems look like? The following explanation is adapted from What We Talk About When We Talk About Electoral Reform, by Samara Canada with Stewart Prest.
Related
FIRST PAST THE POST
OVERVIEW: First Past the Post (FPTP) is Canada's current electoral system. Voters in each riding vote for one candidate in that riding. Whoever has the most votes is elected the MP for that riding.
WHAT FAMILY DOES IT BELONG TO? Non-proportional.
WHERE IS IT USED TODAY? It is used in 58 countries, including the United Kingdom, the United States and India.
HOW DOES THE SYSTEM WORK FOR VOTERS? People vote for one candidate to become the MP in their riding. These candidates are normally associated with a party, and the name of the party appears on the ballot along with the name of the candidate.
HOW ARE THE BALLOTS COUNTED? Whoever wins the most votes (a plurality) – even if he or she doesn't receive more than 50 per cent of those votes (a majority) – becomes the MP for that riding, and represents it in the House of Commons.
WHAT DO RIDINGS LOOK LIKE? There are 338 ridings across the country, with an average of about 100,000 Canadians in each. (Some riding populations deviate greatly due to the distribution of Canada's population in places such as the North.)
UNDER THIS SYSTEM, HOW ARE PARLIAMENT AND GOVERNMENT FORMED? HOW IS THE PRIME MINISTER SELECTED? The party that wins a majority of seats normally forms the government, with the party leader as prime minister. If no party wins a majority, the person who was the prime minister at the dissolution of Parliament may try to form a minority or coalition government that has the support (also called “confidence”) of a majority of MPs. If this attempt is unsuccessful, the Governor General invites the leader with the largest number of seats in Parliament to try.
OTHER NAMES FOR THIS SYSTEM: FPTP; single-member plurality; plurality system.
ALTERNATIVE VOTE
OVERVIEW: Under alternative vote (AV), each riding elects one MP. Voters rank the candidates in order of preference. The winning candidate must have the support of a majority of voters in the riding – if necessary via a transfer of votes from eliminated candidates.
WHAT FAMILY DOES IT BELONG TO? Non-proportional.
WHERE IS IT USED TODAY? It is used for national legislative elections in two countries: Australia and Papua New Guinea.
HOW DOES THE SYSTEM WORK FOR VOTERS? Voters rank the candidates running in their riding (i.e., first choice, second choice and so on). Some versions of this system may require that the voter rank some or all candidates, or may allow the voter to choose only their top candidate.
HOW ARE THE BALLOTS COUNTED? If a candidate obtains a majority of first-choice votes in a riding, the candidate is declared the winner. If no one has a majority, the last-place candidate is eliminated, and his or her votes are reallocated to the voters' next choice on the ballot. This process continues until one candidate has a majority of votes.
WHAT DO RIDINGS LOOK LIKE? Ridings would look the same as they do now, with one MP elected in each of Canada's 338 electoral districts.
HOW ARE PARLIAMENT AND GOVERNMENT FORMED? HOW IS THE PRIME MINISTER SELECTED? If one party wins a majority of seats, it forms the government, with its party leader as prime minister. If no party wins a majority, the person who was the prime minister at dissolution may try to form either a minority or coalition government. If he or she cannot, the Governor General will invite the leader of the party with the largest number of seats in the House of Commons to try.
With AV, parties can win a majority of seats in Parliament with less than 50 per cent of the popular national vote, even though individual MPs must receive 50 per cent of votes in their riding to win. This is because of the winner-take-all nature of the riding-level contests. The victorious party can win a large number of seats by a narrow margin while being defeated in many others by a large margin.
ALSO KNOWN AS: AV; supplementary vote; instant run-off; preferential voting; ranked-choice voting.
LIST PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION
OVERVIEW: List Proportional Representation (PR) systems are designed to match parties' proportion of seats in the legislature to their share of votes cast nationally, provincially or regionally – depending on the design of the system. Ridings are typically large (the average internationally is about 10 MPs per district), and each Canadian would thus have many MPs. Voters generally cast a ballot for a political party or a specific candidate on a list prepared by the party.
WHAT FAMILY DOES IT BELONG TO? Proportional.
WHERE IS IT USED TODAY? List PR is used in 83 countries around the world, including Denmark, Norway and Spain.
HOW DOES THE SYSTEM WORK FOR VOTERS? There are two major variants of list PR: “closed list” and “open list”; both employ multi-member districts. In closed-list PR, voters cast a single vote for their preferred party rather than voting for a person from that party. Before the election, parties set a list of candidates who are elected in the order in which they were placed on the list. It is typically left to parties' internal processes to set their candidate list. In this system, voters choose which party wins, but have little control over who their specific representatives are.
In open-list PR, voters express a preference for their party, as well as for one or more candidates on their party's list of candidates. The vote for a specific individual influences the order in which candidates are elected by a given party, effectively nudging voters' preferred candidate(s) up the party list. In some systems, voters may even support candidates from more than one party.
HOW ARE THE BALLOTS COUNTED? The proportion of votes cast for each party determines the number of seats it receives on the basis of an electoral formula. Different forms of List PR use different formulas to translate votes into seats, but generally, a party that receives 20 per cent of the votes cast will win roughly 20 per cent of the seats. However, parties that receive a share of votes below a minimum threshold (usually anywhere from under one to five per cent) do not receive any seats.
WHAT DO RIDINGS LOOK LIKE? List PR elects multiple candidates from large geographic regions. Depending on the way the system is implemented, votes may be counted at a district, regional, provincial or national level. For instance, if the system operated at the provincial level, each party would assemble a list of candidates for each province. It would then elect MPs from each geographic region in proportion to each party's share of the vote in that province. Alternatively, major cities and rural regions might constitute separate districts, each with its own list of candidates.
HOW ARE PARLIAMENT AND GOVERNMENT FORMED? HOW IS THE PRIME MINISTER SELECTED? Following an election, if a party receives more than half the seats, the Governor General would invite its leader to form a government. However, under List PR, it is less likely a single party would have a majority, requiring a minority government or a coalition of two or more parties to come together to form a government. The prime minister would usually be the leader of the largest party in the coalition. This would involve negotiation between the parties.
ALSO KNOWN AS: PR; party-list proportional representation; pure PR.
MIXED MEMBER PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION
OVERVIEW: Mixed-member proportional representation (MMP) is a mixed or “hybrid” system because it combines elements of proportional and single-member plurality systems. With MMP, voters have a single MP who represents their riding, while other seats are distributed proportionately to total votes cast in the election.
WHAT FAMILY DOES IT BELONG TO? Proportional.
WHERE IS IT USED TODAY? MMP is used in nine countries, including Germany and New Zealand. The Scottish Parliament and Welsh Assembly use a version of the system as well.
HOW DOES THE SYSTEM WORK FOR VOTERS? Voters have two votes, one for a candidate running in their riding, and a second for a party list. The riding candidates can be affiliated with a party or can run as independents.
HOW ARE THE BALLOTS COUNTED? The system produces two kinds of MPs, the first elected directly in constituency races, and the second elected via List PR. In most cases, the victors in the constituency races win their seats in the legislature using first-past-the-post. The overall share of seats in the House of Commons is determined by the party vote, however. An electoral formula is used to translate the party vote into the specific number of seats. After the total number of constituency seats won by each party is known, parties are assigned list seats equal to the number of proportional seats they are entitled to in order to “top up” the number of constituency seats won in each geographical region. Simply put, the party vote determines the total number of seats each party receives, and list MPs make up the difference between that total and the number of constituency seats won.
(Parties' internal rules typically determine the process used to establish the list candidates and the order in which they will be elected. In advance of the election, each party will make a list of candidates to fill out the proportional seats won. )
MMP systems often use a minimum vote threshold requiring parties to win a certain share of the vote and/or a certain number of seats. Parties that fail to reach the threshold do not get any seats.
WHAT DO RIDINGS LOOK LIKE? MMP provides ridings with individual representatives for part of the seats in the House. The rest of the candidates are elected from a list that each party prepares before the election. Depending on the total number of MPs and the ratio of list-to-constituency MPs, ridings could be anywhere from the same size to twice as big as they are now.
List MPs are then elected at the regional, provincial or national level, depending on the system design.
HOW ARE PARLIAMENT AND GOVERNMENT FORMED? HOW IS THE PRIME MINISTER SELECTED? The Governor General invites any party that receives more than half the seats to form a government. However, it is unlikely a single party would have a majority. More likely, the largest party will lead a minority government, or a coalition of two or more parties would come together to form a government. The prime minister is generally the leader of the largest party in the coalition.
ALSO KNOWN AS: MMP, additional member system.
SINGLE TRANSFERABLE VOTE
OVERVIEW: The single transferable vote (STV) combines elements of different systems to both achieve a relatively proportional result and to elect MPs from specific constituencies. It features ranked ballots and large ridings, each with multiple elected MPs.
WHAT FAMILY DOES IT BELONG TO? Semi-proportional.
WHERE IS IT USED TODAY? Two countries use STV to elect their lower houses of government: Ireland and Malta.
HOW DOES THE SYSTEM WORK FOR VOTERS? Voters rank candidates in order of preference. They can vote for candidates from a variety of parties or from a single party. Some forms of STV require voters to rank all candidates, while others make it optional. By the time all seats from the riding are assigned, nearly all electors' votes will have counted towards the election of a candidate, producing a relatively proportional result. The result tends to grow more proportional with larger ridings that have more MPs.
WHAT DO RIDINGS LOOK LIKE? STV features multiple member constituencies, with the number of MPs in each riding decided when the system is introduced (in many cases, this would likely be between three and seven MPs). Accordingly, ridings are bigger than they are in systems that elect only one MP per riding.
HOW ARE THE BALLOTS COUNTED? To be elected, a candidate must receive a certain quota: the number of votes required to win is calculated using the number of votes cast in the riding and the number of seats to be won there. Candidates who reach the quota are elected and become MPs. Excess votes beyond that quota are transferred to the next choice on voters' ballots. If no candidate has reached the quota, the last-place candidate is eliminated, and his or her votes are transferred to remaining candidates. Counting continues in this way through subsequent rounds until each seat is filled. This process can take many rounds to complete and cannot begin until all votes are counted. Therefore the results may not be known for some time after voting closes.
HOW ARE PARLIAMENT AND GOVERNMENT FORMED? HOW IS THE PRIME MINISTER SELECTED? The combination of multi-member districts and a quota-based electoral formula ensures the results are broadly proportional across the entire country. If any party receives more than half the seats, the Governor General invites its leader to form a government. More often, no single party has a majority, and two or more parties come together to form a coalition. The prime minister is usually the leader of the largest party in the coalition.
ALSO KNOWN AS: STV.
Excerpted courtesy of: What We Talk About When We Talk About Electoral Reform – Q&As on Five Possible Electoral Systems for Canada. By Samara Canada with Stewart Prest, PhD. Prest is a postdoctoral fellow at Carleton University. Read the entire report at: http://www.samaracanada.com/home
For more coverage of electoral reform, please go to: ottawacitizen.com/tag/electoral-reform
On this Memorial Day, our nation honors the generations of patriots who were willing to give their lives to defend this country. While we may come from different places, cherish different traditions, and have different political beliefs, all Americans hold in reverence those who've given this country the full measure of their devotion. They are a shining example of what's best about America.
Today is also a reminder of our obligation as Americans to serve our fallen heroes as well as they served us; as well as the wounded warriors I've had the honor of meeting at Walter Reed have served us; as well as the troops in Iraq, Afghanistan, and around the world are serving us. That means giving the same priority to building a 21st century VA as to building a 21st century military. It means having zero tolerance for veterans sleeping on our streets. It means bringing home our POWs and MIAs. And it means treating the graves of veterans like the hallowed ground it is and banning protests near funerals.
So on this day, of all days, let's memorialize our fallen heroes by honoring all who wear our country's uniform; and by completing their work to make America more secure and our world more free.
PETE HEGSETH (CO-HOST): We know Hollywood has got left-wing bias. The media has got left-wing bias. Higher education, universities, and colleges. But what we're looking at today is not even just that. It's high schools, it's junior highs, and parents need to be engaged and aware. What's your advice for them?
JULIE GUNLOCK: Well, you're right. More and more now these schools, elementary schools, middle schools are taking on the role -- are really supplanting parents. You look at schools today. Kids can be dropped off at 6:30 in the morning. They get three meals a day. There's after care. There's even health care services at some schools. So, really schools have tried more and more to take on the role of parenting, and now we're seeing it in political issues. They're telling children this is how you should think about certain issues. This is how you should believe. This is the correct way to think on these issues. It's very disturbing, and parental rights are absolutely left out of the picture.
HEGSETH: We see it more and more every year. California's being criticized for allowing transgender issues to be taught in the classroom.
GUNLOCK: Right.
HEGSETH: A New York school board wants to include climate change in what they're instructing their students.
GUNLOCK: Right.
HEGSETH: You say parents need to be actively and aggressively involved. What does that mean?
GUNLOCK: I really do. I think particularly conservatives tend to be very polite and quiet, and they don't like to sort of cause a stir. But you've got to do that. You've got to go to your school. Meet with your principal. Meet with your teachers. Ask for the curriculum. Review it, and if there is something that you don't like, opt out. Now, some states don't allow people to opt out, and that's very unfortunate. But that is why it's important at the beginning of the year that you meet with the officials at the school and say I don't want this happening. I don't want politics in the classroom. And there are certain subjects that I believe, as a parent, I need to talk to my child, not the teacher.
HEGSETH: That's a great recommendation. And run for school boards so that you can be a part of changing it if you want to. But too many parents, you're right, are disengaged. They don't understand that even our public schools today so many of which have an agenda.
A couple walk their dogs on Bayshore Boulevard in Tampa, Florida, on Sunday.
Jim Watson/AFP/Getty Images
A sheriff in Florida seems to have found it necessary to warn people not to shoot their guns into Hurricane Irma. “To clarify, DO NOT shoot weapons @ #Irma. You won't make it turn around & it will have very dangerous side effects,” the Pasco County Sheriff's Office, located north of Tampa, wrote on Twitter Saturday.
To clarify, DO NOT shoot weapons @ #Irma. You won't make it turn around & it will have very dangerous side effectshttps://t.co/CV4Y9OJknv — Pasco Sheriff (@PascoSheriff) September 10, 2017
The warning came as more than 27,000 people on Facebook said they would attend an event called “Shoot at Hurricane Irma,” while 54,000 expressed interest. “LETS SHOW IRMA THAT WE SHOOT FIRST,” reads the description of the group that was started by a 22-year-old.
“The response is a complete and total surprise to me,” Ryon Edwards, who founded the group, told the BBC. “I never envisioned this event becoming some kind of crazy idea larger than myself. It has become something a little out of my control.” He also told Time he was “amazed that anyone coud see it as anything else than a joke.”
I was so excited when I got home and the wife told me I had a package! I have been watching the tracking and my hope was that it would be delivered today.
I quickly changed then came back upstairs to open it up. I cut it open, pulled out the packing, and looked into the box. Wifey had to remind me to take a picture before I pulled it out of the packing to take a look.
I honestly didn't even know this was a thing but it looks freaking awesome! I just need to get some film at the store tomorrow and start taking pictures.
This is an awesome gift and I cannot wait to start using it! I have been flipping through the book in between writing this and am so excited I can hardly contain myself!! Thanks you so much SS!! I hope you get something as awesome as what you got me!!!
And P.S, no I do not have one. My main camera is a Digital Rebel T1i that now has a few years (and a lot of pictures) on it.
Charles Krauthmammer on Friday said if Godzilla appeared on the National Mall in Washington, D.C., Al Gore would blame it on global warming.
Such marvelously happened when the discussion on PBS's "Inside Washington" turned to the nation's crazy weather (video follows with transcript and commentary):
GORDON PETERSON, HOST: It's been a terrible winter. If global warming is the problem, why are we having such a tough winter? Well Al Gore told Gail Collins of the New York Times there's about a four percent more water vapor in the air now in the atmosphere than there was in the '70s because of warmer oceans and warmer air, and it returns to earth as heavy rain and heavy snow. That's what Al Gore says.
CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER: Look, if Godzilla appeared on the Mall this afternoon, Al Gore would say it's global warming…
[Laughter]
…because the spores in the South Atlantic Ocean, you know, were. Look, everything is, it's a religion. In a religion, everything is explicable. In science, you can actually deny or falsify a proposition with evidence. You find me a single piece of evidence that Al Gore would ever admit would contradict global warming and I'll be surprised.
Krauthammer as usual was spot on.
Consider that last Sunday, climate alarmist extraordinaire Joe Romm blamed the Egypt crisis on global warming.
There's absolutely nothing these zealots won't blame on climate change, and there's nothing they will ever admit refutes it.
Bravo, Charles. Bravo!
By JUDITH NAMUTOWE -
THE Zambezi River Authority (ZRA) has said the feasibility study on the Batoka Hydropower Station has been reviewed.
ZRA chief executive officer Munyaradzi Munodawafa said in an interview yesterday that the review on the demo structure, power house and capacity output on the project had been completed.
Mr Munodawafa said the authority was currently waiting for the second phase of the Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA).
‘‘We have reviewed the Batoka Hydropower Station feasibility study. The study on the demo structure, power house structure and the capacity output on the project has been completed,'' Mr Munodawafa said.
He said the finalisation of the study and the EIA was expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2015.
Mr Munodawfa said consultants were currently working on other processes and thereafter the project committee which include senior Government officials , utilities and ZRA would visit the project this month.
He said once all these processes were completed, ZRA would then be able to select the developer for the project, after which the authority would be able to come up with the actual value of the project.
Zambia and Zimbabwe signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to team up and start the Batoka hydropower project which is estimated to cost about US$4 billion.
The agreement was signed during the council of ministers held at Kariba in Siavonga recently.
Photo via hippyshopper
Some good news 'mongst all these ongoing recession woes: progress continues to be made on the alternative energy front. For the first time, renewable energy sources accounted for the biggest share in the increase of US's electrical capacity. This means that, thanks mostly to the burgeoning wind power industry, more renewable energy sources sprung up in 2007 than environmental ne'er do wells like coal-burning plants. So why is this significant?It means we're witnessing a paradigm shift—one that's been a long time coming, in the words of the great Sam Cooke—and that a change gon' come in the attitudes and ambitions of energy developers. Sure, some really good news would be that renewable energy sources accounted for the largest share in the US electrical capacity PERIOD. But this is a genuinely encouraging figure.
The numbers come from a newly released report called Electrical Power Annual 2007, and they speak volumes:
In 2007, general electrical capacity increased by 2.3%, from 4,065 million megawatt-hours in 2006 to 4,157 MWh in 2007. The total net summer capacity saw total increase of 8,673 MW. And out of that, wind power alone accounted for 5,186 MW: the largest portion of the energy increase pie graph.
We've still got a ways to go: renewable energy only accounts for a total of 2.5 % of total electrical capacity, with 105 million MWh of total net generation.
More on Renewable Energy
Important U.S. Renewable Energy Incentive Package Still Stalled
Google Earth Layer Maps Renewable Energy Potential of US
US Electric Grid Not Keeping Up With Renewable Energy Growth
Jake Arrieta made the most of his spot start tonight against the Pirates.
The 26-year-old right-hander held Pittsburgh to one run on seven hits over seven innings, tying a career-high with nine strikeouts.
Arrieta, who was demoted to the bullpen following his last start Friday, has lost eight of his last nine decisions heading into the day, but was given the start Wednesday after left-hander Brian Matusz bunted a ball off his nose Tuesday during pitchers batting practice.
That puts Arrieta in line for his first win since May 2, when he threw eight shutout innings at Yankee Stadium.
Against a starting lineup that had just two batters hitting over .248, Arrieta held the Pirates scoreless for his first six innings of work. Pittsburgh scored their only run off him with a two-out RBI ground-out in the seventh to make the score 5-1.
The Orioles scored two or fewer runs in nine of Arrieta's 13 starts this season, but the the Orioles currently lead 7-1 in the top of the ninth. Chris Davis and Wilson Betemit have both homered and have three RBIs apiece.
On a recent drive through Detroit's Brush Park, Melissa Dittmer paused to consider the expectations of a city whose spirit had been beaten down by decades of decay and abandonment.
"Many Detroiters for so long have not seen progress, so they just want to see something," said Dittmer, the director of architecture and design for Bedrock, the real estate company owned by billionaire Dan Gilbert. "What we have tried to do is say something is not enough. We need to do something spectacular."
Dittmer was talking about plans to transform an 8.4-acre section of Brush Park, once home to the city's elite before being all but abandoned in Detroit's decline, into a new neighborhood with a fresh mix of architecture. But she might as well have been summarizing the challenge facing Gilbert, her boss, who has been alternately referred to as Detroit's downtown savior and as a con artist who got rich issuing bad mortgages.
While bureaucracy slows residential development in many other cities, Detroit is moving at historic hyperspeed to increase available housing in a downtown where 100,000 people work but less than 6,000 people live.
Detroit has been through a lot: The Great Depression, the decline of the U.S. auto industry, white flight, and bankruptcy have all humbled the city. Today the downtown still feels hollowed out, and it is fairly desolate on weekdays. Many of the thickly built towers designed in Art Deco and Beaux Arts style by Louis Kamper, Donaldson and Meier, and Albert Kahn sit vacant like an early 20th century architectural graveyard.
A lack of downtown housing is part of what's holding the area back. Residential occupancy is at 98 percent. One study showed that Detroit should be able to absorb 5,000 units in the first five years after the 2013 bankruptcy. Bedrock has challenged that estimate, believing the city could absorb closer to 7,000 units. (From 1999 to 2009, Detroit added no residential units. Since the beginning of 2015, the city has added more than 1,000.)
Two billionaire families have carried Detroit into a construction and real estate development spree. Mike Ilitch, owner of the Little Caesars Pizza chain and two of the city's sports franchises, and Gilbert, a 54-year-old Detroit native, are making multi-billion-dollar investments in a two-square-mile swath of the city's downtown.
After re-locating his umbrella company Rock Ventures, which includes Quicken Loans, to downtown Detroit in 2010, Gilbert went on a buying spree, scooping up more than 90 buildings and parking structures, most of them in the central business district. He is using some of the structures to expand his corporate campus (Quicken Loans and Rock Ventures have more than 15,000 employees), while hatching plans for others to be converted into mixed-use buildings with plenty of housing units.
On a drive through the central business district, Dittmer pointed out several of Gilbert's acquisitions. There was the Book Tower, a 38-story structure built in 1926 and designed by the architect Louis Kamper. Adjoining it are two stories of what would have been an 81-story companion tower. That project was abandoned when the Depression hit and remains unfinished. Book Tower is currently vacant, but restoration work began earlier this month.
Then we passed the 35-story David Stott building, an Art Deco structure opened in 1929 with curved windows on the third floor. It's also abandoned. Bedrock is looking to convert it to a mixed-use residential and commercial development.
"A lot of our buildings' history have that similar narrative," Dittmer said. "Everything opened in the grandeur and opulence of the time and then we hit the Great Depression."
That Gilbert, who made his fortune by creating the Internet mortgage lender Quicken Loans, is doing so much in real estate development, so quickly, has given long-time developers "a lot of pauses," said Eric Larson, chief executive of the Downtown Detroit Partnership. "Gilbert is not from the development world," Larson said. "Dan is a quick study. But one of the challenges with a quick study is you are learning as opposed to having learned. Detroit has become a bit of a blank canvas for this personal exploration of his."
Some in the community have also chafed at the power Gilbert is amassing, questioning whether his investments so far are unduly favoring corporations and new downtown residents. And Gilbert's extensive downtown surveillance system has made some civil liberties groups nervous.
As Larson sees it, Gilbert "first and foremost wants his legacy to be about how he has helped transform the city. Secondary are the real estate fundamentals."
To buoy his point, Larson pointed to the "artificial" rise in downtown commercial rates, which have climbed from $8 to $12 per square foot to as high as the low thirties per square foot. Part of the increase, Larson argued, was because Gilbert has bought a lot of real estate, put his own entities in the structures and then charged a rate that "is necessary to support the level of investment he has made."
Larson, who co-managed Bedrock for Gilbert for a year before leaving in 2014, said the rental-price boost reflected Gilbert's "ability to take money out of one pocket and put it in the other pocket."
Gilbert declined to be interviewed for this column. In response, Dan Mullen, executive vice president for Bedrock Detroit, said 66 percent of the office space of Gilbert-owned buildings in Detroit are being occupied by companies unrelated to Gilbert. Mullen said the strong interest from companies wanting to locate downtown "has caused a natural progression" in the commercial rates, but that "the rates are consistent across the downtown market."
While warning signs loom, Gilbert's bulldog approach to Detroit is getting things done. When Google decided to pass over Detroit for deployment of high-speed Google fiber, a group of Gilbert's software engineers came to him with the idea of developing their own high-speed internet connection. The new company, Rocket Fiber, now has 32 employees and operates out of one of Gilbert's buildings.
Gilbert's plans are not confined to conversions of older towers. Earlier this month Bedrock broke ground on a 13-story building at 28 West Grand River that will house 218 micro-units ranging from 190 square feet to 400 square feet. The development, which is expected to be completed by mid-2017, will target millennials, but also "transient workers," said Steve Rosenthal, president of Rock Companies, Gilbert's real estate development arm. "We have people who work in many of our companies that live 60-plus miles away," he said. "This would certainly be a better place for them."
Then there is Brush Park. The 150-acre neighborhood, nestled between the central business district and midtown, was home to hundreds of Victorian-style mansions in the late 1800s before falling prey to abandonment and vacancy. Eventually, 90 percent of the homes were demolished, leaving large swaths of vacant land where people park their cars during sporting events.
In Brush Park, Bedrock is converting four historic mansions, each close to 5,000 square feet, into duplexes half that size. I visited one three-bedroom duplex, already renovated for HGTV's show The Rehab Addict, where Bedrock modernized the kitchen while retaining the original, sometimes uneven, look of the bricks.
Gilbert also plans to build 405 residential units and 20,000 square feet of retail. About 300 of the units will be rentals, the rest for-sale units; they will range from studios to three-bedrooms. There are also plans to put in a series of carriage houses along the alleys to create a "European street feel," Dittmer said.
"We wanted to create a community where people could age in place," she said, with a variety of options for residents to size up or down as they grow older.
Bedrock is looking to expand its Brush Park project and already submitted a bid for another 20 acres of vacant land the city is opening to development. Brush Park happens to be across from a new hockey arena, currently under construction, which is part of District Detroit, a 385-acre development that will be larger than Boston's Back Bay. The Ilitch family controls most of it. The estimated $1.2 billion public-private investment will include three buildings spanning 200,000 square feet of residential and office space. The project's first phase—800 to 1,100 housing units, a potential mix of micro-units, condos, and town homes—is planned to be finished with the arena in 2017, said Doug Kuiper, a spokesman for Ilitch Holdings.
It all adds up to a stunning turnaround for a city where downtown living had become a a faded dream. For the immediate future, at least, Gilbert and the Ilitch family will be driving the train. While that may be scary to some, without their ambition and massive investment Detroit would still be a city of abandoned mansions and skyscrapers.
"We became the nation's underdog," Larson said. "And we had a couple of individuals that were willing to take a huge bet. That has made all the difference."
·Vacant Strip Club Gets Demolished for New Micro-Apartments [Curbed]
·Ransom Gillis Tour: 2,000 Visitors, Two Brand New Duplex Spaces [Curbed]
·Property Lines archives [Curbed]
New Haven, CT — Today's Potter Cup matches were filled with excitement and unexpected results.
Defending champions Trinity faced Rochester in one semifinal. Historically, Rochester has two all-time victories against the Bantams, a win in 1973 and a 5-4 victory in 2015. When the two squads faced each other in Hartford in January, Trinity had the edge in a 5-4 match.
Rochester roared out of the gates, with Xiaomin Meng winning in three at number 9 and Neil Cordell winning 11-9 in the fourth at number 3. Trinity stayed close with a three-game win from Afeeq Ismail at number 6. The Yellowjackets led 2-1 at the end of the first round.
The momentum shifted in the second round. Trinity posted two more wins, catching and passing the Yellowjackets. Nku Patrick won in four at number 8, and James Evans also won in four at number 5. The Yellowjacket's Ryosei Kobayashi won in four at number 2 to tie the score once again. Trinity and Rochester were locked at 3-all going into the final round of matches.
Omar Allaudin gave Trinity a 4-3 lead with a three-game win at number 7. Trinity won the first game of both the number 1 and number 4 matches, but in both contests, Rochester came back to take games 2 and 3.
Rochester's Mario Yanez rallied from a blowout 1-11 loss in the first game to win the number 1 match in four, tying up the match.
Trinity's Tom De Mulder and Rochester's Tomotaka Endo were locked in battle, tied 9-all, then 10-all, in the fifth. Endo pulled away in the final points, winning 12-10 in the fifth. The final score was Rochester 5, Trinity 4. For the first time in 19 years, Trinity will not be in the national championship final; for the first time ever, Rochester will be.
The other semifinal match-up was Yale versus St. Lawrence. During the regular season, the Bulldogs made the trip to Canton and came home 6-3 victors. Now Yale had the home court advantage.
All three first-round matches went past three games. Yale posted the first win, as Arjun Kochhar won in four at number 9. Yale's Sam Fenwick forced a fifth game at number 3, and St. Lawrence's George Willis forced a fifth at number 6. It was Fenwick's and Willis's opponents, however, who prevailed. Ahmed Bayoumy of St. Lawrence won at number 3, and Max Martin of Yale won at number 6. Yale had a 2-1 lead.
Liam McClintock of Yale didn't waste much time in his second round match, winning in three at number 8 to widen the Bulldog's lead. Thomas Kingshott of Yale and Hussien Elrayes of St. Lawrences traded games in the number 5 match, all the way through the fifth. Kingshott won 11-6 in the fifth to bring Yale within one match of the final.
Like his teammate Kingshott, Pierson Broadwater also traded games with his St. Lawrence opponent, Lockie Munro. Broadwater hung on to win 11-9 in the fifth. Yale was going to compete for the Potter Cup on their home courts.
Yale won the match, 6-3.
Tomorrow's Potter Cup and national championship match will be contested between Yale and Rochester. The match starts at 3 PM.
In the consolation semifinals, Penn defeated Columbia, 5-4, and Harvard defeated Dartmouth, 6-3. Harvard and Penn will meet in the consolation final tomorrow morning.
Minneapolis City Council Member Jacob Frey has a strategy to get more renters voting on Election Day: require landlords to provide voter registration information each time they rent to a new tenant.
Frey is still formalizing his plan, but he said the idea is to reach out to people who move frequently and often don't keep their voter registration up to date -- or don't register at all. He expects such a move would have a big impact on registration among young people, students, the elderly and people of color.
"Between the ages of 19 and 25, you're moving practically every year sometimes," he said. "Even the most civically engaged people can easily forget to register."
Frey said the city could provide landlords with voter registration forms and information each time they renew their rental license. They'd then be required to pass it along to new tenants when they move in. The information would be there and waiting, Frey said, like a mint left on a hotel pillow for when guests check in.
Minneapolis would not be the first city to experiment with such a strategy. Madison, Wisconsin, approved a similar requirement in 2012, but it was repealed two years later when state lawmakers approved a bill banning such measures in any city.
In suburban Denver, the city of Westminster weighed a proposal that received mixed reviews, with some negative feedback from landlords. The city ultimately decided to scrap the plan and instead send out direct mailings with voter registration information to all rental tenants in the city.
Italy on the verge of the stupidest censorship law in European history
After a string of high-profile cyberbullying and revenge-porn incidents, the Italian Chamber of Deputies has put forward a bill that will do nothing to prevent these abuses, and everything to allow for rampant, unaccountable censorship of the Italian internet, without rule of law or penalty for abuse.
Under the proposed law, the "site manager" of Italian media, including bloggers, newspapers and social networks would be obliged to censor "mockery" based on "the personal and social condition" of the victim -- that is, anything the recipient felt was personally insulting. The penalty for failing to take action is a fine of €100,000. Truthfulness is not a defense in suits under this law -- the standard is personal insult, not falsehood.
Let's start with what this won't do: it won't stop bullying, harassment or revenge porn in Italy. The majority of services on which Italians express themselves are not based in Italy, and those with Italian sales-offices, etc, can and will simply move offices rather than face a €100,000 fine every time someone insults someone else online.
But what it will do is create a tool for easy censorship without due process or penalty for misuse. The standard proposed in the bill is merely that the person on the receiving end of the argument feel aggrieved. Think of the abuse of copyright takedowns: online hosts already receive millions of these, more than they could possibly evaluate, and so we have a robo-takedown regime that lets the rich and powerful routinely remove material that puts them in an unflattering light.
As bad as that is, at least it makes censorship contingent on something specific and objective: copyright infringement, which has a wealth of caselaw defining its contours. Indeed, so much that you need to be a trained expert to adjudicate a claim of infringement. But at least you can objectively assess whether a copyright infringement has taken place.
The standard set by the proposed Italian law allows for purely subjective claims to be made, and for enormous penalties to be imposed on those who question them before undertaking sweeping acts of censorship.
Like any civil law, the proposed Italian law favours the rich and powerful, who have been better able to afford civil litigation -- think of the notorious abuses of Britain's old libel laws, that shielded powerful, corrupt people for decades while they sexually abused children with impunity, an open secret that no one dared report upon.
What's more, the online outlets most likely to be in Italian jurisdiction are those that discuss Italian politics and civil society, meaning that this law will disproportionately affect speech of local, political interest, giving the rich and the powerful, the criminal and the corrupt, the unchecked power to simply remove material that offends them -- without regard to whether the material is true or false.
Internet-savvy Italian deputy Stefano Quintarelli has proposed an amendment that makes the law marginally saner: under his amendment, failure to act on a censorship notice wouldn't automatically give rise to a fine; rather, it would make the person who ignored the complaint a party to any eventual civil penalty imposed by a court of law.
That is a step in the right direction, but it is really just a plaster over a gaping chasm of bad, reactionary lawmaking. The people who are genuinely aggrieved will continue to struggle for justice; the genuine bad actors (like revenge-porn sites) will continue with impunity out of Italian jurisdiction, and the rich and the powerful will get a force-multiplier for silencing their critics without meaningful penalties for abuse.
The Berlusconi years gave Italy a reputation for political chaos. In the post-Berlusconi era, we'd hoped for better. By seriously considering ideas as bad as this one, the Italian chamber of deputies continues to make Italian politics into a global joke.
PROPOSTA DI LEGGE
n. 3139 [SENATO DELLA REPUBBLICA]
SEDUTA DI GIOVEDÌ 15 SETTEMBRE 2016
PRESIDENZA DEL VICEPRESIDENTE LUIGI DI MAIO
INDI
DEL VICEPRESIDENTE SIMONE BALDELLI [Camera dei Deputati]
Bob Beckwith (born September 21, 1933) is a former member of the New York City Fire Department. He became well known to the United States' public after he stood next to President George W. Bush as the president gave a speech at the ruins of the World Trade Center after the attacks of September 11, 2001. Photos of Beckwith and the president appeared on the front page of the New York Daily News and the cover of Time magazine. This exposure launched him into the national spotlight and led to press attention and interviews. Beckwith has met several times with President Bush since then, spoken extensively in public, and acted as a fundraiser for charities.
Personal life [ edit ]
Beckwith has lived for more than 50 years with his wife Barbara in the same house in Baldwin, Nassau County, New York. The couple has six adult children.[1]
Career [ edit ]
Beckwith is a veteran of the New York City Fire Department with 30 years of service.[2]
Actions at Ground Zero [ edit ]
On the morning of September 11, 2001, Beckwith was tending to his grandson, who had been hit by a car while biking to school. Before he arrived at the hospital with his grandson, Beckwith was aware that a plane had struck the World Trade Center. When the boy appeared to be in stable condition, Beckwith left the hospital and went to World Trade Center site after he saw the South Tower collapse via television. Even though he had been retired for seven years from the New York City Fire Department, he grabbed his old gear and bluffed his way past the blockades and barricades that had been set up and began helping with bucket brigades and missing person searches.[1]
On September 14, after Beckwith and some men had unearthed a fire engine buried in rubble from the fallen buildings, they tested its stability as a stand from which to speak, and a Secret Service agent ordered him to help President Bush onto the platform.[1] Beckwith handed Bush a bullhorn with which to address the crowd of responders and workers[3] and was told to climb down by the Secret Service[1] and Karl Rove,[3] but Bush insisted that Beckwith stay with him.[1][3][4] An image of Bush with Beckwith was featured the next day on the front page of the New York Daily News.[1]
National fame and activities since 9/11 [ edit ]
A photo of Bush with Beckwith standing together was published two weeks later on the cover of Time magazine, catapulting Beckwith to the national spotlight. Rejecting his new-found fame, he initially refused to speak to various news personalities and shows—Diane Sawyer, the Today Show, and Rosie O'Donnell—though he eventually appeared on MSNBC and other news channels and programs.[1]
Beckwith continues to be bashful about his fame,[2] though an enlarged version of the Time magazine cover that made him famous hangs in his den.[1][2] Regarding the cover, Beckwith said that "[a]ll these guys that come over to interview me, they all have to have a picture of it." Beckwith also has a first edition print of the cover, which is encased in a display box together with a flag that waved at Ground Zero, given to him by President Bush. Beckwith has volunteered to have the items in his possession go to the 9/11 Memorial after he dies. He has already donated the clothes and helmet that he was wearing that day to the memorial.[1]
Beckwith has visited 11 times with President Bush, traveled and spoken extensively,[1] and dedicated much of his activity to fundraising for the New York Firefighters Burn Center Foundation.[1][2]
On February 25, 2002, in a White House ceremony together with Governor George Pataki of New York state, Beckwith presented to Bush the bullhorn the president had used to address workers at the World Trade Center site just days after the attacks.[3]
In the wake of the killing of Osama bin Laden by a team of U.S. Navy SEALs, Beckwith was asked his opinion. He stated: "I would have liked it to be on George Bush's watch, but it wasn't, so OK".[2] He also said: "But I'm glad we got him. He's burning in hell and he's going to rot there."[4]
References [ edit ]
Over the past couple of decades, Final Fantasy has done many things very well: stories, characters, art direction, chocobos, all that jazz. But one thing has always made Final Fantasy stand out among its peers: the music.
Most of the credit for that music goes to Nobuo Uematsu, the tremendously talented composer responsible for the beeps and bloops behind Square Enix's ubiquitous RPG series.
Uematsu turns 55 today, and on this Very Special Edition of Random Encounters, we're celebrating all he's done for RPGs by posting a bunch of his finest work. Below are some of the best tracks in Final Fantasy, presented in no particular order. (Feel free to post your own favorites in the comments, too.)
Final Fantasy - Prelude
Classic. The track that started it all.
Final Fantasy VII - Aeris's Theme
I'M NOT CRYING THERE'S JUST SOMETHING IN MY EYE.
Final Fantasy IV - Troian Beauty
One of my favorites. Way underappreciated.
Final Fantasy IV - Boss Battle
This track is really good at pumping you up.
Final Fantasy VI - Epitaph
:( Poor Daryl.
Final Fantasy IX - Crossing Those Hills
Almost makes up for the crazy random encounter rate on the FFIX world map.
Final Fantasy V - Battle with Gilgamesh
Man, Gilgamesh is such a ridiculous series staple. I hope he shows up in FFXV.
Final Fantasy VI - Aria Di Mezzo Carattere
The Opera House scene is up there for Best RPG Scene Ever.
Final Fantasy VII - Cid's Theme
Regal, grand, wonderful.
Post your own favorites—and other Uematsu thoughts—below.
Random Encounters is a weekly column dedicated to all things JRPG. It runs every Friday at 3pm ET. You can reach Jason at jason@kotaku.com or on Twitter at @jasonschreier.
One month ago I decided to disable Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) support on my site. This is a quick follow up on my experience so far and some metrics. In summary, I like it.
Proof that it's gone
The following image captured in Google Webmaster's Search Console indicates that the total count of AMP pages on my site went from about 60 to 0.
Count of AMP Pages
The following image indicate that AMP impressions went down from 7K to less than 150, when compared to a similar time period a month ago. The 150 count likely indicates that it took some time from AMP results for my site to clear out from Google search.
AMP Impressions
Effect on Search Traffic
It seems that Google in fact does NOT penalize websites for NOT having AMP support.
Here is my traffic according to Google Analytics, filtered to only show results that came from Google Search. The results are displayed for the past month and compared to a similar time period in the prior month.
Traffic rate appears to stay roughly the same and all metrics appear to improve. To be fair, I did publish four new articles since I disabled AMP, so my numbers could have had a nice bump from the new content.
Google Analytics Traffic
Last but not least, here are the stats that I have from Google Webmaster's Search Console.
Webmaster's Search Console Traffic
My Click Through Rate (number of clicks / number of impressions) actually went DOWN from 4.74% to 3.15%. My average position also went down from 26.5 to 44.4. But my number of impressions went UP from 166K to 252K.
As I mentioned earlier, that shift could be due to new content that I published, including Reverse Engineering One Line of JavaScript, which showed up in Google more, but at a much lower position, skewing the numbers. I am not sure if these numbers co-relate directly with the removal of AMP, especially considering that AMP traffic accounted for only 7K visits, as can be seen at the top of this post.
To further confirm that my existing search rankings were not penalized, I filtered metrics for the top three search terms from the previous month.
Git Tips – Average position declined from 2.4 to 2.9
Angular Performance – Average position improved from 2.4 to 2.3
Node JS Memory Leak – Average position improved from 3.4 to 2.9
All in all, these numbers appears to show a “regular” fluctuation due to whatever magic Google's search algorithm is doing. I feel confident that removing AMP did not affect my search result rankings.
Effect on Me
Believe it or not, but I feel happier. I enabled AMP on my site because I felt that it would make Google happy and would help my search rankings. At the same time I did not like my (default for WordPress) implementation of AMP. I knew there were a lot of issues with it, which I didn't have time to fix. So every time I would see an AMP result in Google Search on my mobile, I would cringe, because it would remind me of all the troubles that I had with AMP.
Now AMP does not upset me nearly as much. I even found myself liking an AMP version of a site that otherwise had a lot of ads on it. Knowing that I don't have to support AMP as a publisher, makes me hate it less than a user.
Another benefit of not having AMP serve as an excuse for my site being “mobile friendly”, is that I began to care more about my site ACTUALLY being mobile friendly. I was able to identify a number of performance bottlenecks, which I am now addressing.
Conclusion
AMP is not for everyone. I will repeat. AMP IS NOT FOR EVERYONE.
If you are going to implement AMP, make sure to implement it right. You can read my other article on the subject for practical advice and some pitfalls to avoid.
Ironically, the only sites that can benefit from AMP are the sites that have the resources needed to implement a highly optimized mobile version. For example, BBC has a great AMP page that feels almost like a native site. At the same time BBC's mobile site is so great, that I don't really need the AMP version to have a good experience.
Unless you run a News site that HAS to compete for a spot in Google Carousel enabling AMP is not worth the effort. AMP is an alternative publishing format and most small site can't afford to maintain two (quality) versions of itself.
Since not having AMP support does not result in a Google Search penalty, why bother?
UPDATE 23RD JAN: I had a message from South Korea on Twitter this morning, from the National D. Va Association. Those flags and stickers you see in the images below, those belong to it.
Staff member Nine, as she's known online, had seen our story and wanted to help me understand the National D. Va Association's cause.
"We are a group of feminist gamers in Korea," she told me. "As you know, D. Va is a Korean woman character who thrives in the gaming world. But in a sexist country like ours, it is impossible for a person like her to arise."
Nine recalled the story from last year, when a Korean teenager was forced to prove her Overwatch skills live on air after being accused of hacking. Her accusers simply didn't believe she could be that good.
The National D. Va Association numbers around 140, including 10 staff members, and coordinates on Twitter, under the account name, for_diva_. That's how Nine found it; it's only been around since last November. The group meets around Seoul every couple of weeks for book readings, which sounds civilised.
The National D. Va Association was at the resignation protests for suspended South Korean president Park Geun Hye as well.
Good work!
ORIGINAL STORY 22ND JAN: Overwatch hero D. Va appears to be something of an icon in South Korea. Flags and stickers bearing her iconic bunny logo were spotted at the Seoul instance of the huge global Women's March this weekend.
The official Seoul Women's March Twitter account retweeted an image of a pink bunny flag at the protest. On the flag it apparently says National D. Va Association, according to the Overwatch subreddit.
Kotaku also found images of D. Va bunny logo stickers worn during the event, printed alongside the words, "The Rise Of The Woman = The Rise Of The Nation."
D. Va is a South Korean character in the Overwatch game. She, Hana Song, was a former StarCraft pro before the government recruited her to fly the MEKA robot she uses in the game.
It's unclear exactly why D. Va is being championed at the Women's March, beyond being an example of a cool, strong, female character. Apparently flags for phony organisations, such as the National D. Va Association, have been known to appear at protests like these before.
Obama is picked up by Scott Van Duzer during a visit to Big Apple Pizza and Pasta Italian Restaurant in Fort Pierce, Florida. Photo by SAUL LOEB/AFP/GettyImages
So voters finally seem to be moving, part of what's being called an Obama convention bounce. But who exactly is doing the moving?
I recently wrote about one of the “PocketTrial” lab experiments run by Adam Schaeffer of the Republican opinion-research firm Evolving Strategies. Schaeffer randomly assigned an online sample of voters to watch either a Romney or an Obama campaign video, and then attributed change in each candidate's support to the video's influence.
The most interesting finding from the experiment was that male viewers were more easily susceptible to persuasion than female ones, shifting their opinion in response to both ads while women remained relatively stable. “A larger portion of men are decided, but the proportion that are conflicted are more variable,” Schaeffer says.
Schaeffer then looked at another dataset to see if it showed the same gender split. He looked at the last eight samples from the Cooperative Campaign Analysis Project, for which the pollster YouGov surveys 1,000 respondents in weekly wave, stretching back from early July to just before the conventions. Each time, between 200 and 400 voters in the sample did not identify strongly with a party.
Schaeffer split that sub-sample by gender, and calculated the average share of undecided voters—in YouGov's polls they're categorized “not sure”—across the eight-week period. He then looked at how much the number of undecided fluctuated week to week, by comparing the average to the wave in which it was highest and the wave it was lowest. Among women, the mean “not sure” was 26 percent, an average between a minimum of 22 percent one week and 32 percent another. Fewer of the men were undecided, but they swung more, from a minimum of 8 percent to a maximum of 22 percent around a mean of 15 percent. (In statistical terms, that means the number of standard deviations from the mean is 46 percent higher among men than women.)
The findings that the independent male vote is more volatile raises few possibilities. Men could be moving more in this election, as Schaeffer's lab experiment suggested: they're more susceptible to persuasive messages for and against candidates. But there could be a behavioral explanation, as well: what if men are more ready to commit to attach themselves to a new opinion after forming it—like, say, if inspired by by a welll-executed convention—and women are more tentative about making such a commitment?
djjn Member
Join Date: Dec 2009 Location: UK Posts: 38 Likes: 0 (0 Posts)
Subliminal Messages on Comedy Central?
My girlfriend and I were watching Comedy Central earlier tonight and we noticed at the beginning and end of each advert break a message would quickly flash up. She wanted to know what it said and I jokingly said it's probably a subliminal message. Anyway we paused it on the message and it said some sort of joke about fridges but highlighted in red throughout the message were the words FRIDGE ROTTEN WARM FOOD STINK. We thought it was a bit weird so we paused the next message that flashed up and it said something about bus drivers driving carelessly but the red highlighted words this time said BREED WITH CAUTION. TIME TO PANIC. That seemed even weirder. We found two more messages that were flashing up. One was about mind control with the words MIND BRAINWASHING SUBLIMINAL CONTROL PARANOID highlighted, and the other said something about congratulating you for reading it with ELITE FLESH EMPOWERED TRUTH NOTHING highlighted.
With my knowledge of the 'agenda' and NWO etc and the sort of techniques the elite use I couldn't help but think that this may have some sort of purpose behind it, whether it's a message of some sort. It may just be some sort of marketing technique used by the network but the choice of highlighted words is definitely weird however you look at it.
Has anyone else seen this or done some sort of analysis of it? What are your thoughts on it? Hi people,My girlfriend and I were watching Comedy Central earlier tonight and we noticed at the beginning and end of each advert break a message would quickly flash up. She wanted to know what it said and I jokingly said it's probably a subliminal message. Anyway we paused it on the message and it said some sort of joke about fridges but highlighted in red throughout the message were the words FRIDGE ROTTEN WARM FOOD STINK. We thought it was a bit weird so we paused the next message that flashed up and it said something about bus drivers driving carelessly but the red highlighted words this time said BREED WITH CAUTION. TIME TO PANIC. That seemed even weirder. We found two more messages that were flashing up. One was about mind control with the words MIND BRAINWASHING SUBLIMINAL CONTROL PARANOID highlighted, and the other said something about congratulating you for reading it with ELITE FLESH EMPOWERED TRUTH NOTHING highlighted.With my knowledge of the 'agenda' and NWO etc and the sort of techniques the elite use I couldn't help but think that this may have some sort of purpose behind it, whether it's a message of some sort. It may just be some sort of marketing technique used by the network but the choice of highlighted words is definitely weird however you look at it.Has anyone else seen this or done some sort of analysis of it? What are your thoughts on it?
Mike Trout once drove 2.5 hours to watch a storm, might get job with Weather Channel
Mike Trout -- largely revered as the greatest baseball player on the planet -- is one of many professional athletes who have a profound fascination in the weather. And, to be honest, "profound fascination" might be an understatement in the case of Trout.
A new piece over on Yahoo details the time that Trout slid into the DMs of Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore.
"All of a sudden, I get this direct message from Mike Trout," said Cantore, the Weather Channel's voluble on-camera meteorologist and among the most trusted voices in forecasting today. "He's asking me about the storm. Not like, 'Hey, Jim, it's Mike.' He just went right into the details. He was genuinely curious about what the models said."
And the time that Trout hopped in the car (maybe one of the two he's won as the back-to-back All-Star Game MVP) and drove two and a half hours to watch a storm.
Once during spring training, Trout noticed on a model that Flagstaff, Ariz., was going to get blanketed with snow. The Angels had a day off, so Trout drove the 2½ hours north to watch the storm.
The Weather Channel and Trout have even entered into talks to have Trout moonlight as a field correspondent during the offseason, should a major storm head toward his hometown of Millville, N.J. Cantore even went on to say that he sees Trout chasing tornadoes one day and hopes to be able to work alongside him.
Basically, Mike Trout sees your "two-sport star" and raises you "best player in the game AND a professional scientist." He's so good at baseball that he's been able to leverage it to building a promising career in meteorology.
Your move, Bo Jackson.
[h/t Yahoo]
It delivers up to 44W per channel into 8ohms and was tuned in the UK, although there are slightly different versions of the A-9010 for the US and European markets. The US and European models have an onboard DAC (digital-to-analogue converter) which the UK model does not. They also cost more, with the A-9010 likely to sell in the US for around $349.
The amp features audiophile-grade components and a "carefully considered" circuit design, created to deliver "class-leading pace, timing and rhythm".
Conscious of the increasing popularity of vinyl, Onkyo has fitted an MM phono stage, phono inputs and a grounding terminal for connecting a turntable.
As for hooking up other sources, there are five analogue inputs and a single line output if required.
MORE: Read all our Onkyo reviews and news
Additional features include a built-in headphone amp, gold-plated banana plug speaker terminals and "chunky knobs" for volume, tone and input selection to give the unit "a touch of vintage charm".
Under the lid, you'll find Onkyo's high current WRAT (Wide Range Amp technology) system, which is based on a low impedance architecture for accurate control of the speaker drivers - even when impedance fluctuates and the load on the amp increases. An extruded aluminium heat sink keeps everything cool when the amp is running.
The Onkyo A-9010(UK) will be available in black only from February and joins two mid-range models, the A-9030 and A-9050 stereo amps, the high-end A-9070 and three flagship Reference Series products in Onkyo's 2015 hi-fi range.
MORE: Onkyo introduces new direct-drive CP-1050 turntable
The last time I heard my mom's voice, she was cussing me out on my voicemail. I hadn't heard it for a few months prior at that point — I was in the middle of my third or fourth attempt to stop talking to my mother, and I'd made a practice of not listening to her hurtful voice messages, reading her emails, or opening her letters. Just overhearing the muffled sound of her agitated voice, as my boyfriend listened to the voicemail for me, was enough to ruin my day. But it also helped me confirm that not talking to my mother was still the right decision for me.
If you're reading this, then know that not talking to a parent or other family member might be the right choice for you, too. Maybe you're an old hand at not talking (or going "no contact," as it is sometimes called). Maybe you just stopped talking to a toxic parent yesterday. Or maybe you're just beginning to consider the idea that limiting your contact with a family member who manipulates, guilts, or otherwise emotionally harms you might make life better. No matter what phase you're in, you've likely received a lot of pushbacks, both from your parent and the world at large, about your decisions. Friends might be confused, or even tell you that you're selfish ( a sentiment that the toxic family member whom you've disconnected from has almost definitely seconded).
And the judgment doesn't stop with people you know. If you Google the phrase "not talking to my parents," you'll primarily find resources aimed at soothing parents who have been cut off — or, at the very least, aimed at shaming children who did the cutting off. Most major articles about kids who are estranged from their parents, like this 2012 article from AARP, take the parent's side, accepting their confusion about why their child cut off contact at face value, and judging the child for being self-absorbed.
To use some extremely serious journalistic terminology right now: uh, no. If you've stopped talking to a parent, it's probably a struggle every day to keep doing it. But you shouldn't feel guilty or bad about the decision, should you make it. Here are five reasons why.
1. You're Doing What's Right For You
Odds are that you didn't come to this decision lightly. Despite what many "experts" would have you believe, we actually live in a world that makes it as difficult as possible to cut off communication with a family member, especially a parent. So actually taking this step probably means that your relationship with your parent was so toxic that you felt like you had no other option.
Of course, some people will be unable to believe this. They legitimately can't imagine anything "bad enough" to cause someone to stop speaking to a family member.
But that's OK. Your life is not limited by what your friends, co-workers, or other family members can imagine. Your choices don't have to be relatable to your roommate or best friend in order to be right for you. You're the one who knows exactly how interacting with this family member hurts you. You're the only one who has to live with the aftershocks of maintaining this relationship, and so you're the only one whose experience matters when deciding what to do.
2. You're Not Alone
While you may feel like you're the only person on earth who's had to deal with something like this, you're not. And while a quick Google may primarily reveal materials aimed at parents who have been cut off, the Internet is actually chock-full of support communities for folks with toxic parents, including those who have broken contact with them.
I've personally found Reddit's raisedbynarcissists community to be a godsend — just reading posts by people who have had the kind of experiences that were once a part of my daily life with my mother (but are beyond the wildest reaches of most of my friends' imaginations) really helps me, and reminds me that I've made the right choice.
There are great books out there on this subject, too — the recent Mothers Who Can't Love by Susan Forward (who also wrote the classic self-help volume Toxic Parents) was immensely helpful for me.
There are also tons of great personal essays out there about being estranged from parents, which can help you feel comforted and understood. I recently read an excellent one by Katja Bak on Medium; the takeaway beautifully distilled the struggle of the estranged child: "It's okay to let go of your family. Society tells us that family is number one in your life — they come first ... They would do anything for you, and you would do anything for them. It's not always the case. The truth is, they are just people. They are not infallible. They are not perfect. They can be bad, and cruel, and toxic — despite being your blood. And it's okay to walk away. It's okay. It is okay."
3. You're The Best Judge Of What Happened (Or Is Happening) To You
Emotionally abusive or manipulative parents often make a practice of constantly questioning their child's reality and experiences. Our childhoods were full of moments of being told that problematic parental behavior "never happened," that a problem our parent created doesn't matter because they "did the best they could," or that an event that traumatized us "didn't happen like that."
Telling someone that the things they remember didn't happen is a tool of emotional control called "gaslighting" — and a lot of people who cut off contact with their parents have been gaslighted so hard and for so long that they barely have a handle on reality sometimes. In my own life, my mother and I were the only people in our home, and thus, all our conflicts were her word against mine. When my word conflicted with hers, she went to great efforts to proclaim that my memory was cloudy or that I was a liar — to the point where today, at 33, I barely trust my own memory of where I left my keys, let alone my memories of interacting with other human beings.
As you can imagine, trusting my memory of my mother's hurtful behavior was pretty difficult. But I got there eventually. Not all children who have toxic parents were gaslighted, but many were. Your parents may have done it on purpose, or they may have done it simply because they had mental health issues or other problems that kept them from being able to empathize with you or see any perspective besides their own.
But your experiences are real. Just because your parents claim that they "did the best they could" doesn't mean that they actually did — and even if they did, the fact that they did their best doesn't mean that you are obligated to be emotionally wounded by them for the rest of their life. You know best how your relationship with your parents impacts your life.
4. You Can Find Your Own Support System
The idea that pushing away your family means that no one will ever love or support you are a common threat used against children who are trying to cut off contact, but it is very, very untrue. If anything, ending a relationship with a toxic parent (and the toxic love that they provide) may give you an opening in your life to accept genuine love and support for the first time.
In my own life, my mother's love had a stranglehold on me; she regularly made sure to do everything she could to sabotage my friendships, romances, and professional relationships. Despite her threats that no one would ever care about me besides her, I found that building a life apart from her allowed me to find a real network of friends, and a truly loving boyfriend, for the first time.
Your new support system can be anyone — a "chosen family" of friends, a partner, members of an online or real-life support group, a sympathetic and understanding therapist — as long as they get it. And you will find someone who gets it. A good therapist, in particular, is trained to understand things about human relationships and families that might be hard for other people to hear, so they can be a great place to start when building your support network. But remember: You're not crazy for feeling this way, and someone else is going to understand.
5. You May Talk Again Some Day
This may be a good thing — your parents are willing to try to develop a healthy relationship! Hooray! Or it may be a bad thing (i.e. you initiate contact because you miss them, and end up opening every wound you've healed in your time of no contact). But not talking to a parent does not often last forever.
You can use this to soothe yourself if you feel bad about it, but you should also keep it in mind if you initiate contact and end up regretting it. Wanting to be in contact with a parent is a very natural urge, and you shouldn't blame yourself if this urge motivates you to do something that is ultimately bad for you.
Though I've been actively putting distance between my mother and myself for nearly a decade, I've also re-initiated contact with her a number of times — because I was worried about her health, because I felt lonely, because I wanted to see our aging family dog. Yes, things got out of control almost immediately every time, and I regretted reaching out, but we need to be easy on ourselves when stuff like this happens. It's not your fault for hoping or wanting — and it's also not a mark against you if it doesn't work out.
So remember, no matter what, that you're not nuts and you're not alone. No one — not even the people who birthed you — are automatically entitled to your time or energy if they hurt you.
Images: Andrea Guerra/Flickr; Giphy (5)
The crash in the Chinese stockmarket - a 30 percent fall in as many days - is yet another opportunity for India. This is because the resultant global fall in commodity prices will benefit us. We need to remember a simple law: as a huge net importer of goods and exporter of services, when global commodity prices fall, our gains exceed our losses.
Let's look at the loses first - and weigh the gains. As global stocks fall, so will Indian indices. But our market decline will be shallower than that of the others, for we are fundamentally a domestic demand-driven consumption economy. The psychological impact of a global stock decline will wear off.
Secondly, as global commodities fall, our steel and ore companies will suffer. But we will gain hugely from oil prices - as we are doing from last September. Oil is our biggest import, and we import 80 percent of our oil. A drop in oil prices also improves our public finances - as we saw last year.
Theoretically, when Chinese stocks fall, investing in China should be more attractive than investing in India. But two differences make India a better hold if not buy. First, India is far better regulated than China, where the role of the government is simply too strong. This means fair prices of stocks in China are tougher to determine than in India.
Second, ownership of stocks is significantly different. In China, individual investors apparently own 80 percent of stocks. In India, individual stock ownership is low and foreign and domestic institutional ownership is very high. This makes the wealth effect of a loss in stock values less important in India. In China, a stock market crash will dent purchasing power significantly as individual investors will bear the brunt of this loss. A stock crash has implications for consumption in China.
While a slowing China is bad news for global growth, it is not so bad news for India. Just as the one-eyed have an advantage in a land of the blind, Indian suffers less when the world is slowing down.
History tells us why.
In 2008, when the Lehman crisis sent the global economy - and commodities - crashing, after a brief blip, India recovered quickly. Inflation, which was rising towards 13 percent in 2008 crashed to a negative level a year later.
It required serious economic mismanagement by the UPA to ruin things again. This they did by letting oil subsidies run riot, ensuring a fiscal crisis that sent inflation soaring again, with the current account deficit hitting new highs. The rupee almost hit 70 to the US dollar in 2013.
Last year, too, as Europe went into a tailspin and global oil crashed, Indian inflation crashed. The consumer price index is at manageable levels around 5 percent, and the wholesale prices index has been in negative territory for seven months in a row.
The NDA is also managing the economy better by keeping minimum support price increases reasonable and by timely releases of food stocks whenever food inflation threatens to rise sharply. The future of Indian food inflation depends on how we manage protein inflation - the prices of milk, eggs and meat, pulses, and fruits and vegetables.
On oil, the NDA has already decontrolled diesel, but LPG decontrol needs to happen quickly - especially with the direct cash transfer scheme now in place. Kerosene should be the next target for subsidy reform and decontrol, but the Modi government has been dilly-dallying on LPG decontrol for too long. This is the best time for this reform, not after the Bihar elections, which now look very tough for the BJP after the Vyapam scam.
When the world slows, India can do better if it gets the domestic act right. This is the time to press the accelerator on public investment, recapitalise banks quickly, and speed up deregulation that does not need legislation. It is a pity that land and labour reforms are mired in politics, but even without these changes, the Modi government can improve growth by better management of the macroeconomy and boosting public investment. Lower interest rates will be a bonus, but not vital to set off the virtuous cycle of growth without inflation.
A stock market revival will happen as we head towards the festival season, making it easier for companies and the government to access capital and clean up their balance-sheets.
Modi must go for it. He has to forget the politics of gloom and step on the gas. The time is now.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
UPDATE at 9:35 p.m.: Police have identified the suspect in the woman's death as 28-year-old Robert L. West.
West is charged with murder. He will be arraigned Tuesday.
Southeast Alder Street has reopened, police said.
***
Portland police are investigating the death of a woman found at a Southeast Portland apartment complex after a stand-off Monday morning.
Officers went to Alderwood Court Apartments at 17225 Southeast Alder Street to check on a resident. A woman's family said her husband assaulted her and they had not heard from her, police spokesman Sgt. Chris Burley said.
The family told police her husband assaulted her late Sunday night or early Monday morning. Police responded to the apartment before 3 a.m. Monday.
Portland Police Bureau's Special Emergency Reaction Team and Crisis Negotiation Team responded after the man would not cooperate with officers, Burley said.
Several apartments in the complex were evacuated. Other residents were told to shelter in place. Alder Elementary School, which is across the street, was closed because of the police activity.
Police reported the man was taken into custody at about 8:30 a.m. When officers entered the apartment, they found the woman dead.
Police haven't publicly identified the man or woman.
The woman's cause of death is not known.
Alder will be closed closed between Southeast 170th Drive and Southeast 174th Avenue for the next two to three hours as police investigate.
Jim Ryan contributed to this report.
— Samantha Matsumoto
There is no reason to talk politics with anyone who disagrees with you. You can never really change anyone's mind.
Chances are you have heard that argument more times than you can count, and it is nonsense. While there is science to suggest people dig in their heels when presented with facts disputing their worldview and just became more convinced, it is also possible to help a person come to a new understanding. Minds can change, as evidenced by, for one, Megan Phelps-Roper.
Phelps-Roper grew up in the Westboro Baptist Church, holding “God Hates Fags” and “Thank God For Dead Soldiers” signs at their infamous pickets by the time she was just 5-years-old. In a recent TED Talk, she outlines her involvement with the controversial church and what caused her to leave: conversations with those she strongly disagreed.
“In my home, life was framed as an epic spiritual battle between good and evil.The good was my church and its members, and the evil was everyone else.My church's antics were such that we were constantly at odds with the world, and that reinforced our otherness on a daily basis,” she recalled.
The church is active on Twitter, as are its individual members. Phelps-Roper was no exception. She used social media to spread the messages she learned from her church and her family, but when people on Twitter challenged her beliefs, it made her begin to question.
“Someone would arrive at my profile with the usual rage and scorn. I would respond with a custom mix of Bible verses, pop culture references and smiley faces,” she said.They would be understandably confused and caught off guard, but then a conversation would ensue. And it was civil, full of genuine curiosity on both sides.How had the other come to such outrageous conclusions about the world?”
“It took time, but eventually these conversations planted seeds of doubt in me,” she continued. My friends on Twitter took the time to understand Westboro's doctrines, and in doing so, they were able to find inconsistencies I'd missed my entire life. Why did we advocate the death penalty for gays when Jesus said, ‘Let he who is without sin cast the first stone?'How could we claim to love our neighbor while at the same time praying for God to destroy them? The truth is that the care shown to me by these strangers on the internet was itself a contradiction. It was growing evidence that people on the other side were not the demons I'd been led to believe.”
She left the church in 2012, and she believes that her evolution is evidence that dialogue works, and that we need it now more than ever.
“We've broken the world into us and them, only emerging from our bunkers long enough to lob rhetorical grenades at the other camp. We write off half the country as out-of-touch liberal elites or racist misogynist bullies,” she continued. “No nuance, no complexity, no humanity. Even when someone does call for empathy and understanding for the other side, the conversation nearly always devolves into a debate about who deserves more empathy. And just as I learned to do, we routinely refuse to acknowledge the flaws in our positions or the merits in our opponent's. Compromise is anathema. We even target people on our own side when they dare to question the party line. This path has brought us cruel, sniping, deepening polarization, and even outbreaks of violence. I remember this path. It will not take us where we want to go.
“What gives me hope is that we can do something about this. The good news is that it's simple, and the bad news is that it's hard. We have to talk and listen to people we disagree with. It's hard because we often can't fathom how the other side came to their positions. It's hard because righteous indignation, that sense of certainty that ours is the right side, is so seductive. It's hard because it means extending empathy and compassion to people who show us hostility and contempt. The impulse to respond in kind is so tempting, but that isn't who we want to be. And I will always be inspired to do so by those people I encountered on Twitter, apparent enemies who became my beloved friends. And in the case of one particularly understanding and generous guy, my husband.”
Watch her TED Talk below.
This Story Filed Under
A "sold" sign lies on the ground in an undated file photo. An estate agent who took a prospective buyer to view a house in central England found the owner hanging dead in a closet, the agency said on Thursday. REUTERS/File
LONDON (Reuters) - An estate agent who took a prospective buyer to view a house in central England found the owner hanging dead in a closet, the agency said Thursday.
It was the first viewing of the 350,000-pound ($700,000) house which had been on the market for a week. The owner was hanging from a belt inside a walk-in closet in the main bedroom.
“It was quite a shock,” said a spokesman for estate agents Hartleys. “Our agent quickly ushered everyone out, locked the property and called the authorities.”
The owner, a single man in his 40s, is thought to have committed suicide. He inherited the house from his mother who died recently, the estate agents said.
I can only imagine the sheer volume of racists, hillbillies and crackpots festooning Ken Burns' Twitter feed and email inbox today. The award-winning documentary filmmaker appeared on CBS News' "Face the Nation" over the weekend and set the record straight, not only on the true reason for the Civil War, but also about how the "Lost Cause" mythology has informed the modern view of the Confederate flag. He also noted the real message behind Donald Trump's involvement in the Birther movement.
And, of course, Burns wasn't just predictably eloquent, but he was objectively correct about every last detail.
Advertisement:
CBS News's John Dickerson asked Burns about the age-old debate, whether the war was fought over states' rights or slavery. Among other things, Burns rightly noted,
"If you read South Carolina's articles of secession, the first state to secede, the birthplace of secession, home of the original fire-eaters -- they do not mention states' rights, they mention slavery, slavery, slavery."
Exactly. Slavery was empirically and indisputably the entire reason for the Civil War. As Burns described in the interview, it'd been gurgling just under the surface ever since the signing of the Declaration, and especially following the ratification of the Constitution. Speaking of which, whenever someone brings up the states' rights excuse for the war, the most effective response ought to be, States' rights to do what, specifically? Clearly, the answer is the right to own slaves. Full stop.
But the brutal realities of the Civil War, including what precipitated it, were aggressively subverted by what's known as the Lost Cause mythology. During the late 19th and early 20th centuries, historians, public figures, poets and authors formulated this mythology, which, in what would be one of America's most insidious misinformation campaigns, rewrote history and redefined the Confederacy and the South as noble victims, rather than the instigators of the Civil War and the subjugators of an entire race of people. In order to truly reunify the nation, the mythologists contended, Southern whites would have to be reevaluated and redefined as the ones who had been subjugated. The Lost Cause included, not insignificantly, casting African-Americans as a common enemy of both the North and the South, rather than the old confederates or the invading Yanks as the evil-doers.
This false impression -- this mythology -- continues to resonate from a time when Confederate generals were dutifully repackaged as reluctant, underdog heroes fighting against long odds, rather than the traitorous villains they actually were. From that, we get this ludicrous zombie fantasy that the Confederate flag is solely about Southern heritage. But, again, we have to ask for specifics: the Southern heritage of what? And, again, the answer has to be nothing short of slavery, secession, mass death and treason.
Burns also touched upon how the Lost Cause was amplified by early cinema, including "Birth of a Nation" and "Gone with the Wind." Naturally, these are the two most recognizable examples of Lost Cause filmmaking, but other titles were considerably more horrendous in portraying African-Americans and former slaves as rapists and layabouts. By the first decade of the 20th century there were 10,000 movie theaters in America, and many of the very short, very awful silent movies exhibited in those theaters make D.W. Griffith's "Birth of a Nation" seem tame. There was a series of shorts by the Pathé brothers, who created bastardized versions of minstrel shows. These shorts featured stereotyped black characters like Rastus, Mammy and Little Black Sambo. The Rastus films, in particular, sported racist titles like "How Rastus Got His Chicken" and "Rastus in Zululand" (the latter is described as a story about "a darky who needs warmth").
Filmmakers who carried on the Lost Cause reunification effort presumed that African-Americans didn't possess a cultural identity and therefore their identities could be entirely invented for them, without their consent. What emerged was wholesale cultural fiction for the purposes of reflecting preexisting white bigotry and fear: the manufacturing of the stereotype of the black man as a lazy, shiftless, unpredictable, sex-crazed thief. The mid-19th century legend of the aforementioned Sambo, for example, was that of a slow-witted, subservient "darky," who could at any moment transform into a frothing rapist.
Advertisement:
The synopsis for the film "Minstrels Battling in a Room" (1896) reads: "black minstrels beating up a white man with bottles." There was "Prize Fight in Coon Town," described in the distribution catalog as featuring "two bad coons." Again, these were all legitimate movies. There was "The Interrupted Crap Game," a movie about two black men who interrupt a round of dice in order to run after a chicken. The African-American characters in another film are described like so: "These darkies are of the 'Old Virginny' type," whatever the hell that means. Another movie is summarized as, "the catching, tarring and feathering and burning of a Negro for the assault of a white woman." Again, the Sambo rapist stereotype is carried on from one film to the next. (It's worth noting that there was a chain of "Sambo's" fast food restaurants in U.S. well into the 1980s.)
All of these unforgivably horrifying films, and many others, were produced in service of casting blacks as villains, and Southerners as forlorn heroes who -- whoops! -- bungled their way into a war.
Sadly, this attitude is alive and kicking in 2015. Indeed, it's being fed and exploited by the Republican Party frontrunner. It's no mistake that Ken Burns called out Donald Trump's involvement with the Birther movement as a clever form of saying the "n-word" -- as a means of demonizing a leader, President Obama, based solely on the color of his skin, just as the Lost Cause had done so many decades earlier.
And as if on cue, a Trump supporter at a rally over the weekend shouted "white power" during Trump's remarks. Why? Because Trump is encouraging and actively courting these kinds of people.
Advertisement:
Worse, a Trump spokesman appeared on CNN's "State of the Union" and refused to repudiate the supporter's words, saying: "I know there were 30-plus thousand people in that stadium. They were very receptive to the message of 'making America great again' because they want to be proud to be Americans again." Subtext anyone? During the same segment and in response to an attack on an Hispanic homeless man in Boston by two alleged Trump supporters, the spokesman replied, "We should be proud of our country, proud of our heritage, and continue to be the greatest country in the world." Yep, it's impossible to be more tone-deaf than that.
What's most astonishing about Trump and the modern GOP's continued embracing of Southern Strategy race-baiting (borrowed directly from the Lost Cause mythology, by the way) is that so many Republicans appear to be in complete denial of it, in spite of its obviousness. Hell, former chairman of the RNC, Michael Steele, apologized for the racial politics of the GOP's Southern Strategy -- which Trump is using liberally today. Yet, other than Steele, they refuse to own it. They refuse to take responsibility, even though they claim to be members of the party of personal responsibility. Thus, anyone who's screeching at Ken Burns today is merely delusional about their own racism, hatred and ignorance of history. And that goes double for Trump supporters.
(Source: The Reel Civil War: Mythmaking in American Film)
Are we ever going to get to the bottom of the Las Vegas shooting? A lot of hopes were pinned on getting access to his girlfriend, Marilou Danley, who has now returned from a trip to visit her family in the Philippines. She's been speaking to authorities and the information made public so far might be seen as clearing her from involvement but… well, let's just say more questions need to be answered. (Associated Press)
In an effort to try to crack Stephen Paddock's state of mind, the FBI spent hours on Wednesday interviewing his longtime girlfriend, who returned Tuesday from a weekslong overseas trip and said she had no inkling of the massacre he was plotting when he sent her to see family in her native Philippines. “He never said anything to me or took any action that I was aware of that I understood in any way to be a warning that something horrible like this was going to happen,” Marilou Danley, 62, said in a statement read by her lawyer outside FBI headquarters in Los Angeles… Danley, who was overseas for more than two weeks, said she was initially pleased when she was wired money from Paddock to buy a house for her family in the Philippines. But she later feared it was a way to break up with her. She said she loved Paddock as a “kind, caring, quiet man” and hoped they would have a future together. She said she was devastated by the carnage and would cooperate with authorities as they struggle to get inside Paddock's mind.
Is it possible that Danley really knew absolutely nothing about her boyfriend's plans and had no inkling that something bad was coming? I suppose so. But let's just break down a few of the scant details we've found out so far and see if they pass the smell test.
Danley and Paddock weren't just dating… they lived together. She was living in that house in the retirement community where authorities found dozens more weapons and explosives. It's really not a very big house judging by the pictures. If she was completely ignorant of his plans there seem to be only a few possible explanations.
First, she was in the Philippines for two or possibly three weeks. Is it even conceivable that Paddock collected all of those weapons in such a short period of time? Again… possible, but seriously unlikely. So if he had them for a while, did she not see them and begin to wonder? If he had been storing them somewhere else until she left on her trip and only then brought them into the home that would give her a good alibi, but how plausible is that?
Keep in mind that the window of opportunity might have been even shorter. We're now seeing reports that Paddock had been in another rental property overlooking a different concert the week before. Was he planning his attack then but got cold feet or was it just a test run? Either way, he likely had all the weapons ready prior to that time, so for her not to have seen them he would have needed to acquire or move them all in a single week.
So let's say they were in the home before Danley left. Might she have thought he was just a collector? If they were stored neatly in display cases with suitable safety precautions I suppose that's plausible. The guy had enough money for expensive hobbies and collecting rifles isn't all that uncommon. (Though fitting them with bump stocks would be, but if she's not knowledgeable about weaponry she might not have noticed or understood.) But if the guns were laying around on tables or up against walls with piles of ammunition stacked up everywhere it defies reason that she wouldn't have at least asked about it. It was her home too, after all. The FBI will hopefully begin releasing details such as this when they feel it's appropriate to do so.
And what about the money? Paddock wired her $100K in the Philippines. That sounds suspicious when put in context with the attack (was he saying goodbye in some fashion), but an explanation for this is also provided. It was supposedly sent so she could buy a home for her parents. Again, Paddock had the kind of money where he could afford that sort of generosity. But it also could have been a case of shipping off a bunch of liquid assets to her in a foreign country knowing that his own bank assets would likely be frozen and out of her reach once he carried out the attack. Was this a deal they agreed to in advance or just a nice gesture on his part which she had no inkling of?
As far as I'm concerned, we don't have enough to go on yet. It just has a bad smell to it, but all of it could be true if she was totally clueless about the inner workings of her boyfriend's mind. It doesn't sound right, though.
Edward Jenner/Globe staff Boston police detectives worked through the night on Sept. 3, 1962, days after Jane Sullivan, 67, was killed.
Donald Hayes was sitting at his desk in the Boston Police crime lab in the mid-1990s when the lieutenant running the cold case squad dropped a book in front of him: “The Boston Stranglers.”
Hayes had been a young boy north of Boston when a series of gruesome murders attributed to a serial killer terrified the region, and he knew only a little about the case. But he devoured the book — the latest to speculate that there were multiple killers — and soon shared Lieutenant Tim Murray's desire to delve into a mystery that officials had more or less abandoned, even as it remained one of crime's great enigmas.
Digging into the lab's archives, Hayes wondered if he might find any surviving scrap of evidence that could be tested using modern methods to either exonerate Albert DeSalvo or provide the first physical link to any of the killings the smooth-talking laborer claimed he committed — a blanket confession made while awaiting trial for other crimes. Long after DeSalvo was stabbed to death in prison in 1973 doubts on that confession remained.
Advertisement
At first, Hayes found nothing, poking around in between working on evidence from many of the 1,200 new cases and more recent cold cases handled by the lab each year. Several of the Boston Strangler murders had been committed beyond the city limits; some of those inside Boston seemed to lead nowhere. Then Hayes found a cache of 16 boxes, their contents musty and uncatalogued, all related to the last heinous act in the crime spree allegedly committed by DeSalvo — the Jan. 4, 1964, rape and murder of Mary Sullivan.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Inside one box, Hayes discovered forensic-science gold: a maroon blanket marred with crusted stains and a few cuts from primitive testing decades earlier. Scraping a little bit off the blanket, mixing and staining the evidence onto microscope slides, Hayes soon found himself looking at decades-old sperm cells — possibly from the killer, but perhaps from a boyfriend of one of Sullivan's roommates, or someone else.
He thought DNA testing might provide the answer. But the material proved to be too degraded and too old to extract a distinct DNA profile. More material would come his way, microscope slides from Sullivan's autopsy unearthed at the state medical examiner's office.
Hayes and his team tested some slides themselves and at a trusted outside lab, and tried again with material from the blanket. Still no luck. Eager to solve the puzzle but wary of using up the precious, microscopic supply, Hayes made a fateful decision: He locked the material away, believing that one day science would find a way to unlock their secrets. He could not know it would be more than a decade.
“I was confident as time progressed technology would progress to a point where we would be able to get information from these samples,” he said Thursday.
Years passed, but Hayes did not let the stored samples get far from his mind. In 2006, after Edward F. Davis was named police commissioner, Hayes told him about his dream of finding a distinct DNA profile in the Mary Sullivan evidence. Davis was hooked. “It was a long time ago, but nobody forgets it,” said Davis, who had devoured newspaper articles about the Boston Strangler as a grade school student in Lowell.
Advertisement
And whenever he spoke with Hayes about the sprawling work of the crime lab in the years that followed, talk often returned to the Sullivan evidence. Still, Hayes said each time, they needed to wait.
Meanwhile, Hayes — who with his short, pomaded hair and police-crest lapel pin could pass for a homicide detective but is a civilian employee — and his lab colleagues teamed with the cold case detectives to make breakthroughs on several more recent cases that had previously stumped police, harvesting DNA from evidence that dated back a decade or two.
Last year, he told Sergeant Detective William Doogan, the current head of the cold-case squad, it was time to try again with the Sullivan evidence. “He thought that the science had advanced to the point where we could take another shot at it,” Doogan recalled.
Meticulously, Hayes sent samples one at a time to independent outside labs and asked them to try different methods. The wait was excruciating, with police calling the laboratories daily. “Any word? Any word?” Doogan would ask.
Hayes contemplated safeguarding the last of the genetic material at police headquarters in case technology had still not advanced enough.
Advertisement
“If it comes up empty, we'll know to back off,” Doogan said. “But we didn't come up empty.”
Two labs, working separately, came back with a distinct profile for the same man, drawn from the blanket sample and from Sullivan's autopsy. Now they had a DNA identity for the rapist and murderer. They just lacked a name.
The national database of DNA profiles taken from crime suspects in recent years returned no matches. Because DeSalvo had confessed, he remained the likely place to start in collecting a new sample for comparison.
The State Police, the Department of Correction, and the Norfolk County District Attorney's Office, which investigated DeSalvo's own killing, all tried to help. But no DNA could be extracted from envelopes he had licked when writing to prison and parole officials, Suffolk District Attorney Daniel Conley said.
Two options remained, Hayes advised detectives: Exhume DeSalvo's body or obtain DNA from a male who shares his lineage, a living family member.
Rather than ask DeSalvo's relatives, police worked in secret, so as not to alarm a family that has had an understandably tense relationship with law enforcement over the years. Officials worried that the relatives might guard themselves or flee.
So they tapped Sergeant Detective Brian Albert, head of the fugitive unit, specializing in suspect surveillance.
Albert initially set his sights on DeSalvo's brother, according to Superintendent in Chief Daniel Linskey, but squad members watching his home never saw him exit and were unable to trail him.
They moved on to DeSalvo's nephews, tracking them to Cape Cod and hanging out in plainclothes at restaurants and along beaches. Dozens of hours were logged as they waited for one of them to leave behind something that could provide a DNA match.
Finally, in January, one of the nephews — working construction for a hotel renovation — quenched his thirst and discarded the water bottle in a public place. Police grabbed it.
“Ten years ago, that water bottle — we would probably have gotten nothing off that,” Doogan said.
But they had waited, and now it paid off.
Globe reporter Maria Cramer contributed to this report. Eric Moskowitz can be reached at emoskowitz@globe.com
Virunga Crisis – Saving Mountain Gorillas in Virunga National Park in Democratic Republic of Congo
Welcome to Virunga National Park a World Heritage Site in Central Africa and bordering with two East African countries (Uganda and Rwanda) where you find other Virunga mountains like Mgahinga Gorilla National Park and Volcanoes National Park respectively.
Virunga National Park is truly the crown jewel of Africa's national parks. The park contains over 50% of sub-Saharan Africa's biodiversity and is home to about 200 of the earth's last 720 critically endangered mountain gorillas. Virunga is the oldest national park in the Africa. Despite this, the forests and amazing animals of the park, most notably the mountain gorilla, are in a desperate fight for their survival.
Join us to Fight and Save the Mountain Gorillas
Virunga National Park may seem like a world away, but you can help save its last mountain gorillas and other amazing treasures right from where you are sitting. Without the help of people like you, the gentle mountain gorillas of the park will be lost forever, and that time is drawing near. This is your chance to help protect them – right here, right now. Join our team now by supporting some of the environmental conservation awareness that are done by the Virunga Foundation in the park and one of them is the Congo Hounds campaign where the trained breed dogs and rangers are deployed to hunt down the poachers!
The blog news on this site are written by the local tour operators promoting tourism in Virunga National Park, and by others who are active in running programs on the ground in the park. If you have followed the blog for long, you're probably familiar with many of the key contributors here. And so many international newspapers do help in written piece of articles and distributed online to entire world to know what is happening in this oldest park.
Therefore, if you want to get the latest Virunga news about the saving of the Virunga National Park and its mountain gorillas, mount Nyiragongo and other biodiversity species and you want to take part in this great campaign for the good of this park, we welcome you and with any assistance that you contribute the park will maintain it is vicinity resources.
Who We Are
The Virunga Crisis is a privately managed website by an Eco Tour and Travel Company in Africa with wide team of tourism professionals customizing Congo safari tours and at the same time advocating for biodiversity conservation in Virunga National Park and the entire country and other regions of Africa.
Be part of the Virunga Crisis community and our site brings together all the people committed to saving Virunga National Park and its critically endangered mountain gorillas and other fragile biodiversity. Here you find Eco Tour companies offering Congo safari tours in Virunga National Park in line with the protection of flora and fauna. More so several conservation organizations like World Wide Fund, Mountain Gorilla Conservation Programme, Gorilla Doctors among others do support the conservation work and needs of the rangers in Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
We are the individuals and the organizations from across the globe who support Virunga National Park and wish to preserve this vast area for the generations to come.
How You Can Join the Team
There are three ways that you can become part of Virunga Crisis and join the fight to protect the park:
CLOSE The Mississippi State women's basketball program will play for a national championship after its shocking upset of UConn on Friday. How did they do it? Clarion-Ledger sports editor Hugh Kellenberger and MSU beat writer Will Sammon try to explan what happened on a crazy night. Hugh Kellenberger and Will Sammon
Buy Photo Mississippi State's Morgan William (2) hits the game winning shot. Mississippi State played UConn in the semifinal game of the NCAA Women's Final Four in Dallas on Friday, March 31, 2017. Photo by Keith Warren(Mandatory photo credit) (Photo: Keith Warren, For The Clarion-Ledger)Buy Photo
DALLAS – With his mouth wide open, Vic Schaefer raised both his arms and started walking in circles near the bench. Morgan William turned her back to the basket, and with a wide smile, just started walking toward the scorer's table without saying a word. Perhaps she was unable to. She only stopped walking — as if she was suspended in disbelief like Schaefer — once she was mobbed by four teammates.
"I'm still in shock," William said.
Yes, it really happened. All of it. The historic win, the shot at the buzzer, the frenzied scene of maroon and white on the court at American Airlines Center — everything.
Mississippi State pulled off the biggest win in Mississippi sports history and one of the most significant upsets in women's college basketball history on Friday night. Typically, the words “arguably” or “perhaps,” should be inserted somewhere in the middle of that previous sentence.
Not here.
Not after Mississippi State 66, UConn 64.
UConn's 111-game winning streak is over.
Mississippi State's dream of a national championship is still alive.
"What an unbelievable, gutsy performance that no one in the country thought could happen," Schaefer said. "But we thought it could."
The Bulldogs (34-4), who have never won a national title, will play South Carolina (32-4) Sunday with a chance to do just that after beating UConn (36-1) in an overtime thriller in the Final Four.
William's buzzer-beating jumper from the elbow with a hand in the 5-foot-5 guard's face dropped jaws everywhere with a fitting ending to a classic.
For Schaefer, there was no one else but William, who scored 41 points against Baylor in the Elite Eight, who he wanted to take the final shot.
"He said, 'Mo, you're about to win the game,'" William said.
The scene was set for drama after a back-and-forth fourth quarter with a compelling final sequence of plays.
Teaira McCowan hit a layup after securing a pass from Morgan William to give MSU a 64-62 lead with 1:12 left in overtime. McCowan then tipped a pass into the hands of Breanna Richardson on UConn's ensuing possession, but Blair Schaefer missed a 3-pointer with 31 seconds left.
Dom Dillingham was then called for a flagrant foul, and Katie Lou Samuelson hit both free throws to tie it at 64 with 26 seconds left. UConn's Saniya Chong turned the ball over in the paint, setting up MSU's opportunity — and William cashed in.
The game was too close, too compelling and just too good to finish after four quarters. Victoria Vivians nailed a 3-pointer from the left wing to give MSU a 60-59 lead with 1:14 left in regulation. UConn's Napheesa Collier tied it at 60 after she made the second of two free throw attempts with 20.8 seconds left.
Mississippi State had a shot to win it in regulation, but William's shot was blocked in the paint during the final seconds.
Mississippi State pushed UConn throughout in a way no other team had before. The Bulldogs took 21 more shots, forced 17 turnovers and outrebounded UConn 37-31.
"Today, they deserve to win," Geno Auriemma said. "They beat us. They took us away from what we like to do ... We came up against a much better team tonight."
The opening plays — a steal by Breanna Richardson, three missed shots by UConn, a defensive rebound from Richardson and a 3-pointer by Victoria Vivians — stirred a belief that the Bulldogs came to play. No, this wouldn't be like last year in the Sweet 16, when UConn beat MSU by 60 points.
When the buzzer sounded for the end of the first quarter and Mississippi State led 22-13, people wearing maroon in the stands embraced one another, shaking in celebration. When the Bulldogs' lead grew to 29-13 with 7:36 left in the second quarter, the maroon and white delirium was so overwhelming that folks stopped looking at each other and second-guessing if what they were seeing was reality. Instead, dozens just raised their arms in jubilation.
The frenzy was appropriate; after all, what they were seeing was a scene no one had witnessed this season. UConn had not trailed by double-figures at any point in any game before playing Mississippi State. It was the Huskies' largest deficit since November 2014.
The Bulldogs never trailed in the first half and held a 36-28 lead at halftime.
UConn stormed back in the third quarter just like anyone who has ever seen UConn play likely figured it would. The Huskies, with their crisp ball movement on offense, took advantage of MSU's overreliance offensively on Victoria Vivians in the third quarter and took their first lead with six minutes left at 40-39. The quarter ended with the score knotted at 48, setting the grand stage for a climactic ending.
When it was over, and after Williams' shot went through the net, Auriemma stood with a sheepish grin while Mississippi State's bench stormed the court.
"Things happen for a reason," Auriemma said. "When it went it, it was like, 'Of course. Of course it was going to go in.'"
In the end, Schaefer said he wasn't too surprised his team was able to win this game. After all, the Bulldogs were ranked as high as No. 2 in the country at one point this season. But make no mistake: the significance of the victory was at the forefront of his mind.
"We beat the greatest team with the greatest streak in sports," Schaefer said. "These kids have a competitive spirit that many people don't know about it. You have to want to be in the moment and our kids did."
Sligo will be hoping to extend their lead at the top of the table tonight.
Sligo will be hoping to extend their lead at the top of the table tonight.
All games kick off at 7.45pm unless stated
Derry City v Bohemians, Brandywell
Derry will be hoping to end a poor run of form this evening, which has seen them fail to win their last three games.
Bohemians, meanwhile, will be looking to recover after an unlucky loss to Drogheda United last week.
Speaking ahead of the game, the hosts' manager, Declan Devine, said: “Bohemians have players who can hurt us and they are a physically big side, but we want to take some good form into our important FAI Cup game with UCD next week.”
In addition, Bohs boss Aaron Callaghan added: “They have been missing strong, experienced players through the middle of the team and they haven't had the continuity they needed. But they're always a strong side, and always a difficult side to play against in the Brandywell. They have beaten us twice this season but on both occasions they were close matches.”
Team news:
Stewart Greacen returns for Derry, though Stephen McLaughlin, Ruaidhri Higgins, Patrick McEleney and Rory Patterson remain absent. For Bohs, Dave Scully and Karl Moore are suspended although Dave Mulcahy is available again. New signing Ken Carr is in the squad, but Kevin Feely is doubtful with a knee injury.
Referee: Neil Doyle
St Patrick's Athletic v Bray Wanderers, Richmond Park
St Patrick's Athletics bid to keep their feint title hopes alive against Bray Wanderers tonight. Earlier in the season, the game between these two sides ended in a 3-3 draw, so mutual fans will be hoping for an equally entertaining game.
St Pat's boss Liam Buckley is hoping his side can prevail this time around.
“If the last game between the sides is anything to go by, the crowd are set for an exciting game. Hopefully this time though, it'll be a game we finish on the right side of. Bray always produce a performance in Inchicore so we know that it will be a tricky game.”
Meanwhile, Bray Wanderers Director of Football Pat Devlin is expecting a similarly entertaining game as it was the last time the two sides met.
“I'm hoping we can improve that aspect of our game against St Pat's who have had a great season so far. The games between us have always been entertaining and we are looking forward to it.”
Team news:
Jack Carroll is back from suspension for St Pat's, and John Russell faces a late fitness to ascertain whether he has sufficiently recovered from a knee injury, though Stephen O'Flynn (ribs) and Dean Kelly (groin) are still both out. Bray, on the other hand, have a full side to choose from.
Referee: Padraigh Sutton
UCD v Cork City, UCD Bowl
(Neal Horgan is a doubt for tonight's game – INPHO/James Crombie)
UCD will be hoping they can keep up the momentum gained from last week's surprise defeat of Shelbourne. It was UCD's first win in eight games, while their opponents have drawn eight of their last 11 fixtures.
UCD manager Martin Russell recognises Cork are likely to be tough opponents: “Cork are proving hard to beat to all, but we received a boost last week that we are determined to build on.”
Cork City boss Tommy Dunne acknowledges that his side need to pick up more wins than they have been registering of late.
“It is an important game for us and one we have to try to get a positive result from. As was proved on the opening day of the season, it is a difficult place to go, so we know it will be tough for us. Our performances in recent weeks have been quite good, but we have not been getting the results we need, so we will be going up there looking to get the three points.”
Team news
The Students have a lengthy injury list, with John Kelly, Graham Rusk, Chris Mulhall, Tom O'Halloran, Cillian Morrison and Samir Belhout all absent for tomorrow's game. In addition, Paul Corry is suspended, having received four yellow cards.
Cork also have their problems. Neal Horgan (knee) and Graham McCarthy (ankle) are rated as doubtful, while they will definitely be without Colin Healy (thigh), Cathal Lordan (knee), Eoghan Murphy (ankle) and Kevin Burns (ankle). Keigan Parker, however, is back from suspension.
Referee: Rob Rogers.
Drogheda United v Shamrock Rovers, Hunky Dorys Park (8.00pm)
Drogheda United will be hoping they can keep up their title challenge against Shamrock Rovers in tonight's game, which is live on Setanta.
The hosts have been in fine form, winning seven of their last eight matches. Shamrock Rovers' hopes of retaining the league title look effectively over, after they drew with Sligo, though Stephen Kenny's side will be keen to make the most of what has been a disappointing season.
Drogheda manager Mick Cooke is fully aware of the game's significance: “This is a must-win game for them, but it's crucial for us. If we lose we are still a few points ahead of them in the table. Rovers are another team we haven't beaten since 2007, like Bohemians last week, but this is something I won't be concentrating on.”
His opposite number, Stephen Kenny, says he is happy with his side's recent improvement. “Drogheda have done very well this year. I'd say Mick Cooke is definitely the manager of the year this season, things are going terrific for them. But from our point of view, we have been tight defensively lately and that is a good platform for us to win games from.”
Team news:
Drogheda could be without Philip Hand, and Conor McMahon is out through suspension. And Aaron Greene (knee), Graham Gartland (back), Stephen O'Donnell (hamstring) and Pat Sullivan (ankle) are all doubts for Rovers.
Referee: Damien Hancock.
Shelbourne v Sligo Rovers, Tolka Park (8.00pm)
League leaders Sligo will be hoping to capitalise on Shelbourne's poor recent form – the hosts have lost two of their last three league games, including a defeat against bottom-placed UCD.
Shelbourne will thus need to improve in order to secure a coveted UEFA Cup spot.
Sligo boss Ian Baraclough is taking nothing for granted ahead of the teams' meeting: “We are expecting a hard game in Tolka Park. Between now and the end of the season, everyone is going to raise their game. There are teams challenging for the top honour, European football and to avoid relegation so there will be no easy games. We've had a couple of days to recover from what was a big night in Tallaght and Shelbourne will be wounded after defeat to UCD last week.”
Team news:
Shelbourne have no injuries or suspensions to deal with, while Sligo welcome back David Cawley from suspension. Danny North is still out with a cruciate injury, Liam Buchanan is awaiting international clearance.
Referee: Paul Tuite
Airtricity League First Division (Friday, 7.45pm unless stated)
Last week, a well-known conservative think tank, Utah's Sutherland Institute, released a report that claimed state parks are more efficiently managed and more popular than national parks across the West. The report, which was co-written with the right-wing Property and Environment Research Center (PERC), relied almost entirely on state park attendance data to draw its conclusions. The report got major coverage from the Deseret News, complete with a headline claiming “States manage public lands for recreation better than feds.”
There's just one problem: Sutherland and PERC used erroneous numbers throughout their report.
The report cited statistics from the National Association of State Park Directors 2014 annual report (you can see the visitation data on page 19). When those numbers made it into the Sutherland report, however, they changed: PERC and Sutherland gave Oregon's visitation data to New Mexico, Utah's numbers to Oregon, and Washington's to Utah. Washington received visitation data from Wisconsin—a state which wasn't included in the Sutherland/PERC report.
The result of this four-state switcheroo gave Utah, which happens to be the focus of much of PERC's research, a ten-fold increase in annual park attendance—35 million instead of 3.5 million. (You can read PERC's original report, complete with bad data on page 35.)
PERC used that erroneous data to invent a metric, “state park visits per acre,” to bolster its claim that Utah state parks are wildly more popular than national parks or state parks in neighboring Western states (see page 26). By this invented metric, a small city park in just about any town in America would outcompete America's finest national treasures, like Arches and Grand Canyon National Park.
Had Sutherland and PERC used accurate park visitation data, their graphs would have painted a very different picture for the people of Utah:
The reality shows just how pointless the metric invented by Sutherland and PERC is. Visits per acre tells us nothing about the quality of a park or its management. When you use accurate numbers to do PERC's math, Oregon far and away leads the West in visits per acre—18 times more than Utah. If that was in any way relevant to a state's ability to manage land, then Oregon wouldn't be in the midst of selling off a state forest it can't afford to maintain.
We'll likely never know whether Sutherland and PERC falsified its numbers intentionally, or just happened to make a mistake that made Utah look ten times “better” than it is. We do know that the erroneous report shows how desperate the backers of the land seizure movement have become.
There is no objective data to back up their claims that states are better land managers. There is, however, plenty of data that show states would be on the hook for billions of dollars in firefighting and mine cleanup costs if they took over national land.
The Center for Western Priorities calls on the Sutherland Institute and PERC to fully retract its “Divided Access” reports. This attempt, witting or unwitting, to mislead the people of Utah should give reporters and the public pause the next time these groups try to justify their land seizure agenda.
1 Introduction
Since the Last Glacial Maximum (LGM) around 23–21 thousand years ago (ka), the Earth underwent a major transition into the current interglacial period, during which the North American and Eurasian continents deglaciated entirely, and the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, as well as glaciers worldwide, retreated. In total, this produced around 130 m of global mean sea level rise (GMSLR) [Lambeck et al., 2014], which was sometimes contributed to by major episodes of accelerated ice melt. Meltwater Pulse 1a (MWP1a) is the largest of these, identified as a 14–18 m of GMSLR in less than 340 years at 14.6 ka [Deschamps et al., 2012] in coral reef records from Tahiti and Barbados, as well as other sea level proxies around the world. This event also occurred around the time of an abrupt Northern Hemisphere warming of 4–5°C that took place within a few decades to centuries [Buizert et al., 2014; Deschamps et al., 2012]. However, the link between this intense ice melt and warming remains elusive. This is partly because of the imprecise chronology of events, and also because the origin of the MWP1a is uncertain. Ice melt can significantly disturb ocean circulation producing widespread changes in surface climate, but this impact is different (and can be opposite) depending on whether the ice melt goes into the Arctic, North Atlantic, or Southern Ocean [Clark, 2001; Ivanovic et al., 2016; Menviel et al., 2011; Peltier et al., 2006]. It is therefore important to know how much the respective ice sheets each contributed to the event.
The source of MWP1a has previously been assessed through fingerprinting the pattern of sea level rise/fall caused by the change in gravitational pull exerted by an ice mass on oceans. Although initial studies rejected a major North American ice sheet (NAIS) source, recent work overturned this finding and suggested it could actually have contributed up to 10 m to the total sea level change in 340 years [Gomez et al., 2015]. However, the large uncertainties in sea level reconstructions make it impossible to discriminate between a major NAIS contribution and a 100% contribution from the Antarctic ice sheet [Gomez et al., 2015; Liu et al., 2016].
For the Antarctic ice sheet, direct constraints on changes in thickness or extent around the time of MWP1a are limited and debated. Southern Ocean records of iceberg‐rafted debris [Weber et al., 2014] show that the largest iceberg fluxes occur around the time of MWP1a (14.6 ka). Moreover, numerical ice sheet modeling [Golledge et al., 2014] suggests that Southern Ocean overturning triggered up to 2 m sea level equivalent of ice loss in Antarctica in 340 years, a significant but relatively small contribution to the 14 m GMSLR at MWP1a [Deschamps et al., 2012]. In contrast, North American ice sheet reconstructions show major ice sheet changes around the time of MWP1a [Dyke, 2004; Gowan et al., 2016; Peltier et al., 2015; Tarasov et al., 2012]. Moreover, Gregoire et al. [2012, hereafter “G12”] provided a mechanistic explanation for a major NAIS contribution to this event, showing that the Cordilleran‐Laurentide ice sheet separation caused accelerated ice melt due to a height‐mass balance feedback triggered by gradual climate forcing. This “saddle collapse” mechanism in North America produced 7 m of GMSLR in 350 years (10 m in 500 years).
From geological constraints, exactly when the separation of the two ice sheets took place is uncertain [Dyke, 2004]. It is clear from the synthesis of these data that the separation of the Cordilleran and Laurentide ice sheet, which caused the saddle collapse and accelerated ice melt, could not have occurred after 14 ka and thus could not have corresponded to Meltwater Pulse 1b (11.3 ka) [Abdul et al., 2016]. The separation of the two ice sheets likely occurred between 16 ka and 14 ka [Dyke, 2004], overlapping with the timing of MWP1a (~14.6 ka). Thus, G12 suggested that the Cordilleran‐Laurentide saddle collapse could have contributed around half of MWP1a.
Given their close timing, it is compelling to think that at least part of MWP1a could also have been linked to the abrupt Bølling warming in the Northern Hemisphere, through accelerated ice melt in North America and Europe. Carlson et al. [2012] suggested that this abrupt warming would have caused a total of 6.9 m GMSLR in 500 years in North America, but their result did not account for dynamical or elevation‐melt feedbacks, which are likely to have intensified the melt rates. In short, it remains unclear how the Bølling warming and the saddle collapse are related.
Here we provide a mechanistically based statistical assessment of the possible range of North American ice sheet contribution to MWP1a from both the saddle collapse mechanism and the Bølling warming.
New EU sanctions target Russia's oil and defense companies
© AFP 2013/ Patrick Hertzog
11:47 12/09/2014
MOSCOW, September 12 (RAPSI) – The new EU sanctions aim to limit the Russian oil and defense companies' access to the European capital market. The companies include Oboronprom, United Aircraft Corporation, the Kalashnikov Concern, Uralvagonzavod, Rosneft, Transneft and Gazprom Neft, RIA Novosti announced, citing information published in the EU's Official Journal Friday.
Private and corporate EU investors will be unable to issue these companies loans of longer than 30 days' maturity or to trade in these companies' new securities, shares and other financial instruments with maturity of more than 30 days.
Previous sanctions limited loan and securities' maturity to 90 days.
Additional sanctions against Russian oil companies include a ban on the use of foreign exploration and production services in deep-water, Arctic and shale oil projects, the document says.
The sanctions also ban the export of certain dual use items to nine Russian defense companies, namely Kalashnikov, the Tula Arms Plant, Sirius (a Rostec company producing military and civilian optoelectronics), the association of mechanical engineering companies Stankoinstrument, RT-Chemcomposite (a Rostec producer of high-tech products for the aerospace, defense, transport, energy and chemical industries).
The other companies are Rostec's Machine Engineering Technologies Holding (TechMash, artillery ammunition and special chemicals) and High Precision Systems (high-precision weapons, parts and components), as well as state-owned Almaz-Antey (air defense systems) and Bazalt (ammunitions for the army, the navy and the air force).
MOSCOW -- The pressure ratcheted up slowly on Perm-36, the renowned Gulag museum chronicling Soviet repressions on the site of a preserved Stalin-era camp: First its state funding was cut, then its water and electricity.
A year after its troubles began, the museum has seen its director sacked by regional authorities and been forced to halt tours amid what many see as a coordinated campaign to undermine one of Russia's leading institutions educating the public about victims of the Soviet regime.
The museum's existence was “confirmation that federal and regional authorities had learned the lessons of the past and were ready to do everything to stop a repeat of the 20th century national tragedy,” Robert Latypov, regional chairman of the respected rights organization Memorial, wrote in an open letter to Perm Governor Viktor Basargin.
“The recent events are forcing us to doubt this,” added Latypov, who is now leading a drive in the region to raise awareness for the plight of the Gulag museum.
The letter has garnered more than 47,000 signatures since Latypov registered it as an online petition earlier this month and is to be sent to Basargin once it hits 50,000 signatures.
The pressure on the museum comes at a time of a creeping rehabilitation of the Soviet era in Russia as well as rising imperialist sentiment following the Kremlin's annexation of Crimea in March.
Earlier this year, the Communist Party posted a petition on its website accusing the museum of “propagandizing fascism.” The petition collected only several thousand signatures, but the charge was parroted this year by a Perm regional lawmaker who accused the museum of working to undermine the Russian state and demanded its financing be cut.
The museum's troubles went federal this month when the fiercely pro-Kremlin network NTV aired a television segment titled “Fifth Column” that denounced many of the Soviet dissidents who were held in the camp -- and later rehabilitated by Russia -- as "fascists" or adherents of Stepan Bandera, a 20th century Ukrainian nationalist regularly vilified in Russia during the Ukraine crisis.
Built Under Stalin
The museum was forced to abandon its calling-card international forum after regional officials made tweaks to its funding last year. This year, financing dried up altogether after the regional government scrapped an agreement with the museum.
By April, the museum was forced to stop working altogether after having its electricity and water cut off, followed by the regional culture ministry's decision to fire the museum's director in May.
“We believe that activity at the museum is being systematically constricted,” Latypov told RFE/RL by telephone.
Perm-36 was built in 1943 under Joseph Stalin as a Gulag labor camp. It continued to serve as a penal colony after his death, and in the 1970s and 1980s it was one of the country's harshest facilities for political dissidents. Sergei Kovalyov, a veteran Russian rights activist, was incarcerated in Perm-36 as a Soviet dissident.
After the collapse of the Soviet Union, activists salvaged the remains of the camp, transforming it into a unique museum that served as a vibrant and symbolic platform for international forums as well as the only originally preserved labor camp in Russia.
Now nearly two decades old, the Perm-36 museum is known as the site of the Pilorama international forum that assembles historians and thinkers from across the world to discuss modern and historical Russia. The forum stopped last year.
Latypov speculates that the museum is coming under pressure primarily because authorities see the museum either as an “opposition” structure or a “potential” platform for the opposition, and secondly because it is not controlled by the state.
He said he does not expect the authorities to close down the museum altogether, a move he said would deal a "reputational blow" to both local and federal authorities.
“They probably won't close it,” Latypov said. “But they could -- if they wish -- transform it into a completely ordinary little provincial museum.”
Police have charged a 33-year-old man with second-degree murder in the death of Kristin Johnston, a yoga instructor in Halifax who was found dead in her home two weeks ago.
Nicholas Butcher, of Halifax, was arrested on Monday at noon and is in police custody. He appeared briefly in Halifax provincial court on Tuesday afternoon and was arraigned.
He was represented in court by a legal aid lawyer who declined to comment. Butcher is due back in court on April 27.
Police said they believe Johnston and Butcher were in a relationship. At the time of her death, police said he was staying at her home. They are not releasing her cause of death.
"We feel we know what the motivation was, but it's not something that we're going to discuss through the media, it will come out through the court process," Supt. Jim Perrin​ said Tuesday at a press conference.
Kristin Johnston, 32, moved from Montreal to Halifax about five years ago. (Facebook)
Significant injuries
Butcher had been found with significant injuries at Johnston's Oceanview Drive home on March 26, the day her body was discovered. He was arrested but released from custody for medical treatment due to his injuries.
He spent the next two weeks in the QEII Health Sciences Centre. He was arrested again after he was discharged from hospital, police said.
"We made the decision to hold off on the swearing of an information to allow our investigators time to interview him upon his release from hospital," Perrin said.
Police said the nature of his injuries is private information and would not say how he was injured. During the court appearance, he appeared to have one arm bent under the hooded sweatshirt he was wearing.
Nicholas Butcher made a brief appearance at Halifax provincial court this afternoon. (CBC)
In the hours after Johnston's body was discovered, police also interviewed a second man who was at her home. They ruled him out as a suspect after interviewing him.
On Tuesday, Perrin said police would not release any information about the second man's identity.
Perrin would not say who called 911 from inside the home, but said it was someone officers interviewed.
Law school graduate
Police said Butcher did not have a criminal record. He graduated from Dalhousie University's Schulich School of Law last spring. The Nova Scotia Barristers' Society said they have no record of him obtaining an articling position in the province.
He previously did a master of arts in history at the University of New Brunswick and an undergraduate degree at McGill University in Montreal.
Friends say their relationship was not going well and she was looking forward to a life without him.
Johnston, 32, was originally from Montreal and moved to Halifax about five years ago.
Her family says she moved east after falling in love with the city and developing a close circle of friends in Nova Scotia. She owned and operated Bikram Yoga Halifax. It closed earlier this year.
Johnston's friends gathered to celebrate her life and the contributions she made to the community at a memorial on April 9.
Pokémon Go: Kings Park under siege from avid Perth players
Updated
Managers of Perth's much-loved tourist drawcard Kings Park are pleading with Pokémon players to look up from their phones after record numbers have damaged lawns and threatened spring wildflowers.
Key points: Lawns and gardens damaged at Kings Park from huge visitor increase linked to Pokémon
Thousands of visitors are coming to the iconic park to play the game
Authority is asking players to be careful, some have injured themselves walking into trees
Thousands of players have descended on the park during the day and night to try to capture virtual critters in the augmented reality game craze that has swept the world.
A Botanic Gardens & Parks Authority spokeswoman said while it was great to see more people, particularly young people, visiting the park, the increased traffic had already killed off large swathes of lawn and damaged garden beds.
"We've certainly noticed people's eyes are glued to their phones, a lot of the time so they're not necessarily aware of their surroundings, and we've unfortunately had a few instances where they've walked through garden beds," she said.
"If there's a Pokémon just waiting for them on the other side, they're tempted to go straight through it, or not quite aware of where they are."
She said the difference to previous high-traffic times of year was players were coming day and night, trying to trap the "nocturnal" Pokémon, which change in an area depending on the time of day.
The authority believes last Sunday may have been the highest-traffic day, outside of a major festival or event, the park had ever seen.
Traffic was backed up the whole length of Fraser Avenue to Crawley, and the park brought in extra security to try to manage the influx.
Sections of lawn will remain roped off until October, to allow them to regenerate, Ms Maddern said.
The authority has posted some "pointers for Pokémon" on their website, asking people to take public transport and take care of the fragile gardens and themselves.
"We have seen people walking into trees and onto roads without knowing because their eyes are glued to their screens," the note says.
"With the spring wildflower season only a few weeks away, we're preparing for our most spectacular time of the year.
"Tiny seedlings are vulnerable. Even if you can see there is a Pokémon just a few steps away, please do not walk into any garden beds."
The 400-hectare Kings Park, perched atop a hill overlooking the CBD, serves an important biodiversity function in the area.
There are 324 species of local native plants growing in the bushland, which represents about 15 per cent of the native flora of the Perth Region, according to the authority.
The bushland also acts as a corridor for local birds and animals, and is home to over seventy bird species, twenty reptile species and hundreds of different invertebrates.
Crowds a boon for local business
Some local businesses have welcomed the increased crowds.
Stickybeaks Cafe Proprieter Roy Ketjer said he had seen a small increase in trade as a result of players.
"I know up at the main entrance of Kings Park they are in their hundreds, blocking up Fraser Avenue and that, they're sort of parking and walking all over the place," he said.
"It's helped a little bit, it's made people a little bit more aware of where we are in the park, because we're a little bit hidden away."
He said while he had not played the game himself, some of his younger staff were getting on board.
"One of the girls has shown me, she got all excited because we had one in our kitchen," he said.
Perth woman Emily Ng was out playing the game with her boyfriend in the park on Thursday.
She said she found herself spending more and more of her free time on it.
"I'm just hooked on it, there's no way to get away from it," she said.
"Because it's part of our childhood, when you get something new about your childhood, you can't stop. There's no way to stop."
Topics: games, arts-and-entertainment, games---other, science-and-technology, lifestyle, perth-6000, wa
First posted
Lately, I've seen several announcements, presentations, and blog posts about “hacking like” Advanced Persistent Threat. This new wave of material focuses on mapping features in the Metasploit Framework to the steps shown in Mandiant's 2010 M-Trends Report: The Advanced Persistent Threat. While this is an interesting thought exercise, there are a few classic treatments of the adversary emulation topic that deserve your attention.
Here are my favorite presentations.
Information Operations (2008)
This video discusses “techniques to attack secure networks and successfully conduct long term penetrations into them. New Immunity technologies for large scale client-side attacks, application based backdoors will be demonstrated as will a methodology for high-value target attack. Design decisions for specialized trojans, attack techniques, and temporary access tools will be discussed and evaluated.”
MetaPhish (2009)
MetaPhish describes how to attack a network like a real adversary. This presentation covers the information gathering phase (targeting), it lays out the needs for a spear phishing and web drive-by framework, and it discusses covert communication using Tor. You should read the MetaPhish white paper as well.
Modern Network Attack (2011)
In 2011, I spoke at the TSA ISSO meeting about how I view the penetration testing process. This talk is a breakdown of how I saw threat emulation. You'll see hints of MetaPhish and Tactical Exploitation in here.
I wouldn't call this my favorite presentation–it's mine after all. But this is one of the first talks I gave when I was starting to participate in the open source security community. Adversary emulation is a topic near and dear to my heart. So much so, I built a product for it.
Adaptive Penetration Testing (2011)
This talk calls on the community to revisit the reasons we penetration test: We're trying to simulate an adversary and go after something meaningful to the organization we're testing. Included in this talk are a lot of stories, an argument for why social engineering should be in scope, and a lot of tactical things.
Tactical Exploitation (2007)
This is a classic talk by HD Moore and Val Smith on how to attack a network by leveraging functionality, not exploits. This talk is very reconnaissance heavy (go figure, so is threat emulation). I highly recommend reading the Tactical Exploitation white paper too.
Common Themes
If you're interested in providing adversary emulation in your pen tests, it helps to mimic their tactics, their tools, and attack similar goals. How do you do this? Here are the common themes from these sources:
By Sister Bonnie L. Oscarson Young Women general president
Think back to the day you were baptized. It is a significant day in your life because it is the day you set your feet on the pathway of discipleship. It is the day you promised your Heavenly Father that from that day forward you would stand as a witness of Jesus Christ, always remember Him, and keep His commandments. You have the opportunity each week as you partake of the sacrament to renew those covenants and be reminded of what it means to be a disciple of Jesus Christ.
Elder Robert D. Hales has said, “When we make and keep covenants, we are coming out of the world and into the kingdom of God” (Robert D. Hales, “Modesty: Reverence for the Lord,” Ensign, Aug. 2008, 36).
That means you are not going to look the same as the world, act the same as the world, dress like the world, speak like those in the world, or participate in many of the things that those who are around us are doing. You should be changed and different because you are bound to your Heavenly Father by covenants. If someone were to observe you, without you knowing it, for just an hour or two, would they be able to tell by your actions and words that you are a disciple of Jesus Christ?
Elder Jeffrey R. Holland once told of attending a basketball game with his wife in a predominantly LDS area where some of the fans engaged in very un-Christlike behavior. They subjected one of the players to what Elder Holland called “vitriolic abuse.”
“The day after the game, when there was some public reckoning and a call to repentance over the incident, one young man said, in effect: ‘Listen. We are talking about basketball here, not Sunday School. ... We can act the way we want. We check our religion at the door.'” Elder Holland asked incredulously, “We check our religion at the door? Lesson number one for the establishment of Zion in the 21st century: You never ‘check your religion at the door.' Not ever. My young friends, that kind of discipleship cannot be — it is not discipleship at all. ... We are ‘to stand as witnesses of God at all times and in all things, and in all places that ye may be in,' (Mosiah 18:9) not just some of the time, in a few places, or when our team has a big lead” (Jeffrey R. Holland, “Israel, Israel, God is Calling,” CES Devotional, 2012).
Are you ever guilty of “checking your religion at the door?” Are you ever guilty of dressing, and speaking, and acting like a faithful Latter-day Saint on Sunday when you are around your bishop and leaders, or at home around your family, but when you are at school or a social event and around your non-LDS friends you act and dress in a completely different way?
The prophet Alma had a son named Corianton who got caught up in the ways of the world and broke the law of chastity. Alma's reminder to Corianton is as true today as it was more than 2,000 years ago, “Wickedness never was happiness” (Alma 41:10). As you watch those around you who disregard the commandments and engage in behavior that is not Christlike, it may seem on the surface to have no ill effects. I testify there is one very significant effect and it is serious.
When you choose to deliberately act in a way you know is not right, you offend the Spirit of the Lord. Can any of us afford to lay ourselves wide open to the world with all of its temptations and misguided philosophies without that sacred gift to protect and guide us? I know I would not want to forfeit that source of divine strength and help for even one minute. When you cross the line into Satan's territory, it is sometimes hard to find your way back.
A few years ago I received a letter from a young woman named Cheyenne who understands what it means to be a disciple of Christ. She told of attending her first year of college in a school in Southern Utah. She met a young man in her English class her first semester who is a one day asked her, “Are you a Mormon?” to which she answered “yes.” He then asked her, “How Mormon are you?” She was very taken aback by the question because she wasn't aware that there were different levels of being Mormon. She asked, “What do you mean?” He then asked, “Do you follow all the rules or do you have fun?” Even with little time to think about her answer, I think the way she responded was brilliant, “I am very Mormon, I follow all the rules and I find it to be very fun!” I wanted to stand up and cheer for Cheyenne as I read her letter.
She is a Latter-day Saint youth who knows who she is, who understands who she represents, and who is proud to boldly proclaim it to the world. This is what a disciple of Jesus Christ looks and sounds like. She wrote, “We as followers of Christ who take His name upon us must always at all times be a good example and keep our standards high, it is sad to me that for some people there are varying levels of being Mormon.”
You and I have covenanted to stand as witnesses of the Savior every day of our lives and in every situation. We have promised to help build the kingdom of God. We renew that covenant each and every time we partake of the sacrament. There is joy, protection and safety in keeping the commandments. As we have the courage to be different from the world through the way we dress, in our actions, our language, and our service, the blessings and strength which the Lord has in store for each of us as covenant children are beyond our comprehension.
This article is adapted from a talk given at the Salt Lake City Multi-Stake Conference Broadcast in September 2016.
A 15-year-old Dalit girl was burnt alive allegedly by eight people in Sayla town of Gujarat's Surendranagar district, police said here today.
The victim, Chandrika Parmar, was burnt alive in the Ambedkar Nagar area of Sayla town in Surendranagar district by Motibhai Sunera and seven others, police said.
"The girl was busy cleaning drains when eight people led by Sunera rushed towards her and began abusing her after which they poured kerosene on her and set her ablaze," Sayla town police station's sub-inspector A B Gohil, who is investigating the case, said.
"Initially, the seriously injured girl was rushed to the Sayla Civil Hospital from where she was referred to Ahmedabad's V S Hospital," Gohil said.
A complaint has been registered against Sunera and seven others, the official said, adding that no arrests have been made so far.
Image caption Nicholas Courtney appeared opposite five different Doctors, including Sylvester McCoy (l)
Veteran Doctor Who is a actor Nicholas Courtney, best known for playing Brigadier Alastair Lethbridge-Stewart, has died in London at the age of 81.
The series regular passed away after a short illness, his agent told the BBC. He had been suffering from cancer.
The actor appeared on screen opposite many different Doctors and worked with some more on Doctor Who is a audio stories.
Former Doctor Tom Baker remembered him as "a wonderful companion" with "a marvellous resonant voice".
"Of all the characters in Doctor Who there is no doubt that he was the most loved by the fans," he wrote on his official website.
'Nick' Courtney had already appeared in such series as Escape and The Saint before making his first Doctor Who appearance in 1965, playing a character named Bret Vyon.
He returned to the show in 1968 to make his first appearance as the Brigadier opposite the second Doctor, Patrick Troughton.
The stalwart of the United Nations Intelligence Taskforce (UNIT) would periodically return over the next two decades before his final appearance in 1989.
In 2008 he reprised his Brigadier role in Doctor Who is a spin-off The Sarah Jane Adventures.
Image caption In 2008 he appeared in an episode of The Sarah Jane Adventures
Courtney appeared on other shows during his Doctor Who years, including The Avengers, Callan, The Champions and Minder.
Afterwards he had parts in such popular dramas as The Bill, Casualty and Doctors and was recently heard on BBC Radio 7 series The Scarifyers.
In 1997 he became honorary president of the Doctor Who Appreciation Society in recognition of the 107 episodes in which he appeared.
League of Gentlemen star and Doctor Who is a writer Mark Gatiss remembered the actor as "a childhood hero and the sweetest of gentlemen".
Impressionist Jon Culsaw said Courtney was "a brilliant actor and warm, charming man", while Shaun of the Dead director Edgar Wright paid tribute to "a true gent".
Here's what needs to happen to reenergize the playoffs and get the East back on its feet.
For as long as I can remember, the West has been the more exciting conference. From Shaq's Lakers and Steve Nash's Suns to Tim Duncan's Spurs and Kevin Durant's Thunder to the super-team Warriors, nowadays, great teams are more often out West.
That's not to say that the East doesn't have great teams. LeBron has always been in the East; the first big three in the 2000s was found in Boston; the new age Pistons Bad Boys were in Detroit.
The problem comes down to depth. Western teams get the best free agents, make the best trades and draft the best players, and, because of it, have better teams from top to bottom.
It kind of makes sense, too. When these star players hit the market, out West there are teams in bright cities like Los Angeles, Houston and San Francisco, while back East there are many cities that are—let's say not as prestigious, like Milwaukee, Detroit or Indianapolis.
The West is sexy; the East is cold.
But LeBron's out East—that counts for something, right?
LeBron's Cavs, the best team in the East by far for the past three seasons, won fifty-one games last season. Fifty-one wins is enough for the second seed in the East, but only the sixth seed in the West. It simply takes less to win in the Eastern Conference. But things can, and always do, go worse for the East.
This offseason, Eastern teams lost their stars to the West at an unprecedented rate. Chicago's Jimmy Butler was jettisoned to Minnesota, Indiana's Paul George landed in Oklahoma City and Atlanta's Paul Millsap signed with Denver as all three of those blue-blood franchises begin their descent into irrelevance.
The only star to move from West to East this offseason just allowed the rich to get richer, as number-one seeded Boston landed Utah star Gordon Heyward.
You might also like: The 8 Most Important Things That Have Happened in the NBA Playoffs So Far
As bad as the Eastern Conference playoffs were last year, expect things to look even worse next year.
Figuring Out Max Contracts
The last NBA Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) attempted to revive any parity in the NBA by allowing max contracts to encourage team loyalty. Under the new deal, the best players could earn “Super-Max” deals under the Designated Player Veteran (DPV) Exception. The DPV allows veterans of at least eight NBA seasons who have either made an All-NBA team, Defensive Player of the Year or won MVP in the past three seasons, and have never changed teams via free agency or trade, to receive the highest-paid contracts in basketball.
This provision was made not only to make sure that the best players are getting the most, so that a guy like Mike Conley (zero all-stars) won't be making more than LeBron James or Steph Curry, but also to make sure the best stay put in free agency. The hope was that star players wouldn't leave so much money on the table to abandon ship.
Kevin Durant threw a wrench in that plan.
In 2015, a year before the massive climb in the salary cap, KD hit free agency. If he had chosen to stay with OKC, he could have landed a $230 million six-year contract. The most he could make if he left was $114 million over four years. The cash incentive wasn't enough, as KD bounced to Golden State.
Instead, Durant signed a $54 million deal over two years with a player option after the first year with the Warriors. The assumption was that KD would opt out after his first season and make upwards of $36 million a year with the cap spike, but that didn't happen either.
KD opted out of his deal after winning a championship with the Warriors, but instead of taking the lucrative contract that he was owed, KD took a $20 million pay cut so the team could resign Andre Iguodala and Shaun Livingston, while allowing Steph to sign the largest contract in history with a $201 million deal.
KD leaving money on the table time and time again played a large part in furthering the inequity in the NBA.
Hayward left $44.55 million on the table to defect to Utah, Chris Paul left a $201 contract in LA, while George left $70 million on the table when he demanded out of Indiana.
The cash incentive for the max deals hasn't worked because most stars now care about winning more than money.
The solution: get rid of max contracts all together. If teams have restrictions on how much they can pay their star players, even loyalty bonuses won't be enough to prevent them from defecting to more exciting venues. Strip away the restrictions and teams will have a lot more leeway to throw absurd amounts of cash around to retain their cornerstones.
If George had a chance to make $100 million more, Heyward $70 million more and Paul $300 million, things get a little more interesting in free agency.
Making Big City Teams Good Again
If the NBA eliminated the max contracts, the biggest winner would be the largest franchise with the most money.
I know what you're thinking: Wouldn't that do further damage to NBA parity?
Good question, but no.
Outside of San Francisco, Boston and Houston, big-market NBA teams are in the toilet. The Brooklyn Nets, Los Angeles Lakers, New York Knicks, Philadelphia 76ers and Dallas Mavericks have been some of the worst teams in basketball the last few years, while Chicago, Indiana and Atlanta are about to join them.
But what if the NBA followed the MLB model?
If the biggest teams, like the Yankees in baseball, could shell out more cash than everyone else, they have the best opportunity to land the biggest free agents. It's worked for years with the Yankees, as they could afford to outbid everyone for the biggest free agents. That same model could allow New York, Philly and Chicago to become free agency destinations again.
Cleveland are undoubtedly the kings of the East, but that all changes when LeBron leaves. Then the champion Cavs just become Cleveland again—and no one wants to play in Cleveland.
The NBA needs its biggest and most historic Eastern Conference teams to find their footing, and quickly. If Chicago, Brooklyn, New York, Philadelphia and Miami aren't relevant in the next few years, more and more NBA talent will continue to scorn the East and join better teams in smaller Western markets, like Oklahoma City, San Antonio and Minnesota.
If the East is ever going to get back on its pedestal it needs success in its biggest markets to get it there.
Altering Playoff Structure
All that being said, for better or worse, the NBA is stuck in its current situation. The CBA agreement will last another six years, and until then, max-contracts are the law of the land. Without it, teams will have to work within the framework of a failed system.
In addition, Chicago, New York and Brooklyn are garbage teams; I don't see that changing any time soon. The only hope for big market teams in the East is the Sixers.
After using “The Process” to accumulate players with game-changing potential in Joel Embiid, Ben Simmons and Markelle Fultz, the Sixers have the most exciting young team in basketball. The problem is that's a lot of pressure on three injury-ridden kids, none of whom have ever played a full season of NBA basketball.
The best thing the NBA can do in the meantime is to completely alter the playoff structure.
While making the best eight has been an arduous task for Western Conference teams the last few years, the bottom of the East has been a joke. When bad teams are making the playoffs, like the 38-44 Brooklyn Nets in 2014, or the 38-44 Atlanta Hawks in 2013, or the 37-45 Indiana Pacers in 2011, many suggested that the East didn't deserve eight playoff teams.
Instead of the eight best in each conference, why not make it the best sixteen teams in the NBA, regardless of conference?
If you make it the best sixteen, the excitement over the playoffs would be reenergized, the regular season would matter again, good Western teams could finally make it into the playoffs and it would push the Eastern Conference to make significant progress.
To put it in perspective, if the NBA had the best-sixteen structure in the playoffs last year, the top three seeds would've been from the West, the East would only have had two teams in the top seven and the Eastern champs Cavs would've been a number-seven seed.
In a season with much more inequity, like 2014, the West would have had ten teams in the playoffs to the East's six.
Fans are dying for a respectable playoff season. After last season's debacle in the post-season, the time is now. If that means that the Cavs have to play a team like OKC in the first round, so be it.
No longer can the East continue to play mediocre basketball yet still sport eight teams in the playoffs. It's time for the East to shape up, even if it means giving them a good kick in the ass to get them there.
Study finds visitors to Bali, the Gambia and Goa use 16 times as much water as locals, causing conflict and disease
The disproportionate use of fresh water by tourists in developing world destinations is causing local conflict, exacerbating poverty and helping to spread disease, says a report to be published next week by the charity Tourism Concern.
The report examined five coastal destinations popular with international tourists – the Gambia, Bali in Indonesia, the islands of Zanzibar off the coast of Tanzania, and Goa and Kerala in India. Researchers claim to have uncovered huge inequalities in consumption and access to water supplies between tourists and the local populations.
"While hotels may have the money and resources to ensure their guests enjoy several showers a day, swimming pools, a round of golf, and lush landscaped gardens, neighbouring households, small businesses and agricultural producers can regularly endure severe water scarcity," says the report.
In the resort villages of Kiwengwa and Nungwi in Zanzibar, Tourism Concern's researchers found that, on average, tourists were using 16 times more fresh water a day per head than locals. The researchers found that locals used, on average, 93.2 litres of water per day, whereas in the five-star hotels the average daily consumption per room was 3,195 litres. In less luxurious tourist "guesthouses", the consumption rate fell to 686 litres per day.
The water crisis has led some Zanzibar hotels to employ security guards to protect the water pipes leading into their walled complexes following sabotage attempts by angry locals who claim they are facing extreme shortages as a result of the area's falling water table. "Hoteliers were taking much water and communities decided to demonstrate and destroy the water system to the hotels," one Nungwi villager told a Tourism Concern researcher.
In 2010, an outbreak of cholera in the Zanzibar resort village of Jambiani, which killed three locals, was blamed, in part, on sewage from hotels contaminating ground water.
Tourism Concern is calling on the international tourism industry, destination governments and tourists to urgently address this problem of "massive inequality".
"Governments need to provide and enforce clear regulatory frameworks for tourism and water management that puts the water rights of communities first," said Rachel Noble, Tourism Concern's head of policy and research. "If governments are serious about using tourism as a means to alleviate poverty and to support sustainable development, marginalised groups and communities, particularly women who usually bear the greatest burden of fetching water, must be empowered to participate in water and tourism decision-making processes." Noble added: "It's time for the tourism sector to take responsibility for its water use and address the wider impacts of its consumption beyond the hotel walls."
Sheela Gracias, a local activist and legal advocate in Goa, told Tourism Concern: "The hotels here all have lush lawns and boreholes. But there is contamination of groundwater and the huge consumption of water by hotels lowers the water table.
Wells in the neighbouring village have already become saline and unfit for human consumption. These hotels don't benefit us in any way."The report will be launched at an event at the Houses of Parliament on Monday.
John Robertson MP, secretary of the all-party parliamentary group on water and sanitation in developing countries, said: "It must be made clear that 2.5 billion people in the world do not have access to adequate sanitation and that almost 2,000 children a day die from diarrhoea caused by unsafe water and poor sanitation, so it is vital that this is put right for the future. The government's announcement of plans to double its targets on water and sanitation are one vital step. It is important then that Tourism Concern's report identifies that the basic right to water and sanitation should not be compromised by tourism. Governments, working with industry, should do whatever they can to protect the right to water and sanitation of citizens as a priority."
Nikki White, head of destinations and sustainability at the Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA), said: "The equitable use of water for both local people and the tourist industry is a key concern for ABTA and our members. We will consider carefully the recommendations made by Tourism Concern and where appropriate, how best to help progress their recommendations where action has not already been taken."
Businesses may not be able to vote, but that doesn't mean that they're not responsive to policies enacted by lawmakers that could hurt them. This usually revolves around tax policy and/or regulations. But other policies can have a similar effect. And Beretta, a gun manufacturer based in Prince George's County, Maryland, is a perfect example of that.
The Maryland legislature passed and, last week, Gov. Martin O'Malley (D-MD) signed several restrictive gun control measures into law, including a ban on high-capacity magazines and certain “assault weapons.” And, in response to these new laws, Beretta announced plans to move its operations to Tennessee:
The culture clash escalated after the 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., where Adam Lanza killed 27 people, including 20 first-graders. In the political furor that followed, Maryland banned 45 types of assault weapons and put in place tough fingerprint, photo identification and training requirements —restrictions viewed by Beretta as the legislative equivalent of a declaration of war on its operations. Last week the gunmaker fired back, announcing that it will move its manufacturing operations before the Free State tries to impose even more onerous restrictions. Instead, it will make its weapons in Tennessee, where an un-Maryland type of law went into effect this summer: Residents without carry permits can now keep loaded guns in their cars.
O'Malley may think that taking a hard, anti-gun line may help his 2016 Democratic presidential nomination chances. But these new laws aren't going to have much of an effect on gun violence, considering that so-called “assault weapons” aren't used in most mass shootings.
What's more, the availability of high-capacity magazines, as a January 2013 memo from the National Institute of Justice, the research arm of the Department of Justice, points out, makes such a ban almost pointless.
So, the relatively small town of Accokeek, where the gun manufacturer is currently based, is out 160 jobs. And Beretta joins a growing list of gunmakers that have either decided to uproot their operations or expanded in a friendlier climate.
(CNN) News broke Friday morning that preliminary conversations have begun about the possibility of Ohio Gov. John Kasich (R) and Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper (D) running as a unity ticket for president in 2020.
"The idea of a joint ticket has been discussed, but not at an organizational or planning level," a source familiar with the discussions told CNN's Mark Preston Friday . "What they are trying to show the country is that honorable people can disagree, but you can still problem solve together. It happens in businesses and it happens in families. Why can't it happen in Washington?"
On its face, the idea has obvious appeals. People are sick of the two-party system and desperate for an alternative option. Kasich and Hickenlooper are pragmatists more than they are ideologues. And they both happen to come from swing states in a presidential general election.
But like almost everything in life, the joint Kasich-Hickenlooper ticket looks better on paper than it likely would be in practice. Here are five reasons to be skeptical.
1. Most people are partisan
Yes, I know that the fastest-growing group of voters in recent years is independents or those with no party affiliation, and poll after poll suggests people believe now more than ever that the two-party system doesn't serve them well.
But the truth is that -- at heart -- most people are either a Democrat or a Republican. ( This study of independents by the Washington Post and the Kaiser Family Foundation is totally fascinating and makes that point well.) Lots and lots people identify as "independent" -- because they like the idea of being open-minded -- but always vote for one party or the other.
As The Washington Post's Philip Bump wrote in 2016 : "People may consistently vote for Republicans, but they would rather call themselves 'independents.' There's an appeal to being an outsider and to outsider politics that's reflected in how people see themselves."
2. The two-party system is deeply entrenched
There's a reason that the last third-party candidacy to have any real impact was Ross Perot in 1996. (And, if we're being honest, it was really Perot in 1992.) It's very, very hard to run for president outside the two-party system. For all the problems people have with the two major parties -- including partisans who identify with one side or the other -- the reality is that the parties do lots and lots of the dirty work that is incredibly time-consuming and expensive.
Ensuring that the party's presidential nominee gets on the ballot in every state -- each state has different rules for how you do so -- is a little-known but important part of party organizations. Ditto the painstaking and hugely costly process of identifying and contacting voters. And there are a thousand other small (and large) tasks that the two parties handle without the nominee ever knowing.
The only way you can hope to match that sort of organizational know-how is with lots of money. (See Perot, Ross.) Which brings me to...
3. The money problem
The post-Watergate public campaign financing system is dead. ( Barack Obama circa 2008 killed it. ) Which means that unless you are as famous and ubiquitous as Donald Trump -- neither Kasich nor Hickenlooper are -- you need, at a minimum, $1 billion to run a competitive race for president in 2020.
Unlike the two parties, which have dedicated major donors who have been conditioned over the years to cut big checks to the party committees and its candidates, there's no such structure for an independent bid. And it's not at all clear to me that major Democratic or Republican donors will abandon their party to donate big dollars to a bipartisan ticket.
Even if you assume that Kasich and Hickenlooper would get loads of free press if they ran as independents for president -- and they would -- the duo would still need to raise north of $500 million (and, really, north of $750 million) to stay within shouting distance of the two major party nominees. It's hard to see a path where they get to that number.
4. Democratic pressure on Hickenlooper
Potential 2020 Democrats are already lining up for the chance to run against Trump. He has the lowest approval ratings at this point in a presidency ever. He, on an almost daily basis, antagonizes a Republican member of Congress or a key constituency.
In short: The Democratic nomination in 2020 looks very much like a nomination worth having.
If Trump stays anywhere near as unpopular as he currently is, there will be huge pressure on Hickenlooper to stay away from any sort of unity ticket that could jeopardize Democrats' clear shot at Trump. The party leadership would lean on every major Democratic donor to keep money away from Kasich/Hickenlooper. And the Colorado governor would be made a pariah by the activist left.
5. A Trump second term
The one thing uniting everyone who might be a potential Kasich/Hickenlopper voter is their distaste for Trump and the desire to keep him from a second term. Which is a problem given that any back-of-the-envelope calculation makes clear that a serious third-party candidacy would make it more likely that Trump can win do just that.
Given Trump's current poll standing -- with the massive caveat that he isn't up for reelection for more than three years -- it's very hard to imagine him winning a two-way race for a second term. But, if there was a third-party ticket siphoning off, say 15 to 20% of the national vote, Trump's path to reelection becomes more plausible.
Unless and until Kasich/Hickenlooper could prove that they were going to be more than just a spoiler, it's hard to see a movement building behind them.
An Ottawa satirical magazine has replaced its website's banner with that of Charlie Hebdo, the French publication whose offices came under attack on Wednesday.
Frank Magazine posted a cartoon from Charlie Hebdo showing the Prophet Muhammad leading a camel across the desert. In what now looks like bone-chilling foreshadowing, the magazine's name is pock-marked with bullet holes in the picture.
Frank's editor, Michael Bate, told Global News the magazine is publishing the pictures out of solidarity with Charlie Hebdo, whose offices were attacked Wednesday, leaving at least 12 people dead, including four prominent cartoonists.
He said the magazine would publish more of Charlie Hebdo's cartoons, both online and in the print edition.
The magazine's decision came as other media outlets across Canada debated whether or not to show the satirical cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad that are believed to be linked to the attack in Paris.
A note from CBC journalistic standards director David Studer, published online Wednesday, made clear the broadcaster would not publish the cartoons.
Here are instructions from CBC Journalistic Standards & Practices director @DavidStuder1 to journos. #CharlieHebdo pic.twitter.com/96SGGs0IzY — Jesse Brown (@JesseBrown) January 7, 2015
“We wouldn't have published these images before today — not out of fear, but out of respect for the beliefs and sensibilities of the mass of Muslim believers,” the note read. “Why would the actions of a gang of violent thugs force us to change that position?”
But Frank magazine's Bate took a different view.
“We can't back down,” said Bate. “We've got to show solidarity with these guys.”
Bate noted that his controversial satirical magazine has itself been the target of threats — including, famously, from then-Prime Minister Brian Mulroney, who in 1991 threatened to “take a gun” to the magazine after it urged young Tories to “deflower” his daughter, Caroline, then 15.
There are in fact two satirical magazines named Frank published in Canada: One out of Halifax, launched in 1987, and the Ottawa magazine, published on and off since 1989. The two magazines are unaffiliated.
The Ottawa magazine went of business in 2008, and returned in 2013.
Andrew Douglas, editor of the Halifax magazine, told CBC his publication has received death threats in the past — "not all the time, but it happens."
For some, an attack like this is "terribly scary .. but the fact that some people get their nose out of joint over something as simple as cartoons? It makes it all the more important to run those cartoons,” Douglas said.
Also On HuffPost:
“I give God ten percent, why do you get 18,” Missouri pastor Alois Bell famously wrote on her Applebee's receipt in lieu of a tip for a party of 10.
Folks like Bell are why Tennessee Pastor Chad Roberts set up his website—Sundays Are The Worst— where wait staff can share horror stories about Christian 'Scrooges.'
“It's a way for our church to tell the serving community that we're sorry for what you have to go through on Sundays and that we really do appreciate you and what you do for our community,” Roberts told the Times-News.
RELATED: WAITRESS SHOCKED AFTER RECEIVING $1,075 FROM CHRISTIAN FAMILY
sundaysaretheworst.com
RELATED: GAY EX-MARINE STIFFED BY FAMILY OFFENDED BY 'LIFESTYLE'
After launching the website on March 2, Roberts worst fears were confirmed: It gets pretty ugly on the Lord's day.
One anonymous waitress wrote in about a Sunday experience that convinced her not to give Christianity a shot.
“For me, what made the experience so bad wasn't just the rude behavior from these adult women, or the cheapness of stiffing me on the tip, or the sneakiness of leaving fake money on the table, or the assumption that I was beneath them because I didn't discuss my beliefs with them, or any of the other things that added up into that experience,” she wrote. “What really got me was that I was in a place, that very day, where I was considering going to church. A friend of mine had just committed suicide, and that very church had been recommended to me for grief counseling. I never went, I worked through it on my own, but the point is, those rude, presumptuous, and honestly mean women were the ONLY thing standing between me and the church that it was so important to them that I attend.
“Now on Sunday mornings, I sleep in, and that works nicely for me.”
sundaysaretheworst.com
sundaysaretheworst.com
Roberts said that his church members are planning to write out apologies to every single poster. They will also send a server a Food City gift card that can be used for groceries or gas.
The campaign will last until Easter Sunday, when Roberts is asking his parishioners to double their tips.
“The two goals we have with this are number one, that Christians would begin to realize that their attitude really matters when they go to eat,” Roberts said. “The second goal is that particularly unchurched servers would understand that not all Christians are rude, impatient, lousy tippers. That's what we want to communicate."
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
The Iranian Air Force is bombing Islamic State (ISIS) targets inside Iraqi territory. It is an intensification of Iran's military involvement on the side of the Shia regime of its neighbor and most likely also a sign of its alleged coordination with the U.S. military which is leading the international coalition fighting ISIS.
The first footage of an Iranian aircraft bombing inside Iraq was broadcast by Al Jazeera a few days ago in a report on a joint operation by the Kurdish Peshmerga forces, Iraq's army and Shia militias to recapture two Kurdish towns in northeastern Iraq, near the Iranian border. The report mentions "Iraqi jet-fighters," but the plane seen bombing ISIS positions is a F-4 Phantom, which is not in Iraqi service.
The venerable Phantom which first entered service in 1960 (and was retired by the U.S. Air Force in the 1990s and Israel in 2004) still flies with two air-forces in the region, Turkey and Iran. The Phantom's markings are not visible in the Al Jazeera footage but since Turkey has so far refused to militarily aid the Kurds fighting across the border and the proximity to Iran, it is almost certainly an Iranian fighter.
In recent months Iran has increased its military assistance to the Iraqi army which is on the brink of collapsing in the face of ISIS advance and has also established and equipped Shia militias. In addition to the military advice and arms supplies, there have been multiple reports of active participation of members of Iran's Revolutionary Guards (IRGC) in the fighting and unconfirmed reports of the deployment of Iranian aircraft to airfields in Iraq, but the Al Jazeera footage is the first documented of Iranian air attacks on Iraqi territory.
The Obama administration has repeatedly denied that it is coordinating with Iran military action against ISIS, though U.S. officials have admitted that the issue of ISIS has come up during meetings with Iranian representatives regarding the talks on Iran's nuclear program. Last month, following the report in the Wall Street Journal on a personal letter sent by President Barack Obama to Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei, U.S. national security adviser Susan Rice said that "we are in no way engaged in any coordination - military coordination - with Iran on countering ISIL."
However it is highly unlikely that fighter-jets would be operating in the same area where dozens of American planes, along with those of other air-forces of the international coalition, are also carrying out attacks against ISIS, without significant coordination. Iran has only a limited number of antiquated combat aircraft, such as the F-4, purchased during the rule of the Shah, before the 1979 Islamic revolution, and still flying for nearly four decades thanks to a great deal of creative maintenance. They wouldn't be risking these in American-dominated airspace if they hadn't received assurances that they were liable to be shot down. The Phantom captured by an Al Jazeera camera crew is proof that coordination between the two sides is going at some level.
View & Vote Mother's Little Boy When the mischievous, sickly Phillip Black finally hits puberty his mother becomes increasingly deranged, resorting to bizarre and terrifying methods to keep her little Phillip from ever growing up.
View & Vote DEATHGASM A splatter horror/black comedy about two heavy metal-thrashing losers who have to find their inner strength to stop a malevolent force which they inadvertently unleashed.
View & Vote Collision At 2am, on a pitch-black country road, a car is involved in a violent full-speed head-on collision. As ambulance, police and firefighters work to free and save the couple in the car, it becomes clear that this is no regular accident. Soon the emergency workers themselves become victims of something hidden in the darkness, and the lives they must save are their own.
View & Vote Garage Sale of the Damned A seemingly ordinary garage sale is cursed to high Hell: five customers take home five pieces of kitsch kiwiana, triggering five horrific stories. An anthology film that's equal parts creepy, bloody and demented.
View & Vote Chicks vs Hicks Four friends celebrating a hen night accidentally kill a peeping tom and learn that the only thing more deadly than the victims chromosomally challenged murderous family is friendship.
View & Vote Mother's Milk An archaeologist investigating a mysterious group of missionary graves finds that a sinister history could be repeating itself. As her crew begin to succumb to vile illness and delirium she must fight a determined force to save her own body from a gruesome colonization.
View & Vote Penance A group of kidnappers who abduct the young daughter of a mysterious family find themselves battling supernatural forces and each other when the girl turns out to be the central cog in an evil plan.
View & Vote Mary Till Death With his marriage on the brink of collapse, a desperate husband creates an elaborate hoax to stop the woman he loves from walking out of his life.
View & Vote They All Come Running In the river town of Bastion, a series of grisly murders coincide with the arrival of an ice cream van and its enigmatic proprietor. When a young man witnesses a suspicious incident and his accusations fall on deaf ears, he alone must assume the responsibility of stopping a sociopathic predator.
View & Vote The Card Game A stranger joins a small town poker game and sets about winning everything from the players until they have nothing left to gamble but their children.
View & Vote Strangers have the best candy Forced to stay home for the spookiest night of the year, Halloween, Natalie finds herself on the receiving end of countless social media updates on her friend's night out. But when the images start to turn gruesome, Natalie must figure a way to find them before the uploads cease … but should she?
Albert Salazar cited mistakes he believes he made that curtailed his own running career when explaining why USA Indoor 1500-meter champion Mary Cain will not compete in the IAAF World Indoor Championship in Poland, in an email to Runner's World Newswire on Tuesday.
Cain said in a statement released by USA Track & Field on Monday: "Unfortunately I will not be able to travel to the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Sopot [Poland]. Over the past week, I developed a discomfort in my lower calf. I had an MRI scan on Saturday and it was all clear, but I still feel the pain when I wear spikes and have decided not to risk making it worse in Poland.”
Cain, who at 17 is now a professional runner though still attending high school, had a spectacular 2013 indoor season and became a world championships 1500-meter finalist outdoors in Moscow in the summer.
She continued her success this winter, setting an American junior record of 4:24.11 in the mile and a world junior 1000-meter record of 2:35.80. Cain also won the Wanamaker Mile at the Millrose Games in New York and then won USA 1500-meters at altitude in Albuquerque.
Salazar, her coach who is a three-time New York City Marathon champ and a 1982 Boston Marathon winner who also set American track records for 5000 and 10,000 meters, told Newswire, “I don't run athletes with sorenesses and [I] teach them to let me know when they're sore. I didn't do that with myself and it ruined my career.” In other words, he's not risking turning Cain's slight setback into a major one. He's indicated he believes she should be able to return to racing by the end of April.
Salazar, known for such extremely aggressive training and competing that he once collapsed after a road race, had his temperature soar to 107 degrees, and was administered the last rites, saw his own running career tail off dramatically after the early 1980s. He did make the 1984 U.S. Olympic team in the marathon, finishing 15th, and came back in 1994 to win the 56-mile Comrades Marathon in South Africa.
Cain, perhaps the most notable teenage American middle distance running talent since Mary Decker more than 30 years ago, could, if her career is well-handled and she avoids “burnout,” remain a world class runner for well over a decade.
Cain's withdrawal from the championships in Poland puts Heather Kampf of Team USA Minnesota, who finished third at the USA Indoor Championship, on the American team alongside Cain's Nike Oregon Project teammate Treniere Moser, who'd finished second to Cain in Albuquerque.
Olympic 10,000-meter silver medalist Galen Rupp and Shannon Rowbury, two other athletes coached by Salazar, will be in the men's and women's 3000-meter races, respectively, in Poland. Rupp has set American indoor records for two miles (8:07:41) and 5000 meters (13:01.26) this winter.
Related:
Mary Cain Injured, Withdraws from World Indoors
As an Elm developer, you're probably familiar with the forward function application operator (|>) . And you may have used the NoRedInk/elm-decode-pipeline package to create JSON decoders like so:
userDecoder : Decoder User userDecoder = decode User |> required "id" int |> required "email" ( nullable string ) |> optional "name" string "N/A"
But have you really taken the time to sit down and think about what the |> is really doing in this case?
In this post, I'll show you how to use the |> operator to create pipelines and to simplify your existing Elm code.
You'll end up with a technique to simplify the code in your update function. Here's a teaser:
update : Msg -> Model -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) update msg model = case msg of Increment -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> updateCounter 1 |> recordAnalyticsEvent "counterIncremented" |> addSuccessMessage "You incremented the counter!"
First, let's quickly review the forward function application operator. It takes the value on the left and applies it to the function on the right (follow along in elm-repl if you wish):
import String exposing (..) "Hello" |> isEmpty -- False "" |> isEmpty -- True
Pretty simple, right? Next, let's follow this pattern to manipulate a string:
"Hello everyone" |> left 5 |> toLower |> append "I say " -- "I say hello"
Now we're passing the value returned from each function to the next, starting with the base value of "Hello everyone" and ending with the final value of "I say hello" .
Let's examine what enables us to do this by looking at the type signatures of each of the functions we're using:
left : Int -> String -> String toLower : String -> String append : String -> String -> String
While all three type signatures differ, they have one important thing in common: they all end with String -> String .
To generalize this concept, we can say that if we have a function that returns a type a , then we can create pipeline functions for it where each pipeline function type signature ends with a -> a .
Let's take this knowledge and apply it to the update function in The Elm Architecture. We'll start by examining its signature:
update : Msg -> Model -> ( Model , Cmd Msg )
Since update returns (Model, Cmd Msg) we can create pipelines for it with functions that end with (Model, Cmd Msg) -> (Model, Cmd Msg) .
Here's a (really simple) example:
incrementCounter : ( Model , Cmd Msg ) -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) incrementCounter ( model , cmd ) = ({ model | counter = model . counter + 1 }, cmd )
And here's how to use it:
update : Msg -> Model -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) update msg model = case msg of Increment -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> incrementCounter
Unfortunately, incrementCounter is very brittle, as it can only do one thing: increment the counter field of the Model by exactly one. Since our app will also feature a decrement button, let's change incrementCounter to take a parameter and rename it:
updateCounter : Int -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) updateCounter delta ( model , cmd ) = ({ model | counter = model . counter + delta }, cmd )
Now we can add the Decrement action to our update function:
update : Msg -> Model -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) update msg model = case msg of Increment -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> updateCounter 1 Decrement -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> updateCounter - 1
While this example is quite trivial, you can apply it to a variety of use cases to create reusable building blocks.
Let's say you have an app that calls an external service to record analytics events and presents the user with a list of disappearing success and error messages. You might write something like:
recordAnalyticsEvent : String -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) recordAnalyticsEvent eventName ( model , cmd ) = let analyticsCmd = -- A bunch of code to call the analytics server in ( model , Cmd . batch [ cmd , analyticsCmd ]) addSuccessMessage : String -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) addSuccessMessage m ( model , cmd ) = let removeUserMessageCmd = -- Cmd to remove the message after 5 seconds in ({ model | userMessages = SuccessMessage m :: model . userMessages } , Cmd . batch [ cmd , removeUserMessageCmd ])
And then in your update function:
update : Msg -> Model -> ( Model , Cmd Msg ) update msg model = case msg of Increment -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> updateCounter 1 |> recordAnalyticsEvent "counterIncremented" |> addSuccessMessage "You incremented the counter!" Decrement -> ( model , Cmd . none ) |> updateCounter - 1 |> recordAnalyticsEvent "counterDecremented" |> addSuccessMessage "You decremented the counter!" ...
Great! Now we have a bunch of reusable functions that can be sequenced to build complex update logic in our Elm application! Any time we need to record another analytics event or add a success message, we simply just pipe our update return value to the functions we created above.
Bonus Round
Let's explore how we can create pipelines with the Maybe type in Elm using our string manipulation example above:
Just "Hello everyone" |> map ( left 5 ) |> map ( toLower ) |> map ( append "I say " )
Notice that the only difference is the map call before each function call. I'll leave the reasoning to the reader - but a good place to start is the Elm documentation for Maybe.
Source: Congressional Research Service analysis; see notes in table below
In response to Uwe Reinhardt's recent post on “rationing” doctors' salaries, a number of readers wrote in asking about physician compensation in other countries.
Doing a direct comparison of remuneration across different countries is tricky because the same salary may allow for different standards of living in different places.
But here are two possible ways to think about these comparisons, taken from a 2007 Congressional Research Service report entitled “U.S. Health Care Spending: Comparison with Other OECD Countries.”
One way to compare cross-country data is to adjust the salaries for purchasing-power parity — that is, adjusting the numbers so that $1,000 of salary buys the same amount of goods and services in every country, providing a general sense of a physician's standard of living in each nation.
These numbers are in the second, fourth and sixth columns of the chart below.
They show that American general practitioners and nurses earn more than their counterparts in other developed countries, and American specialists are close to the top of the pack.
Source: Congressional Research Service (CRS) analysis of Remuneration of Health Professions, OECD Health Data 2006 (October 2006), available at [//www.ecosante.fr/OCDEENG/70.html].
Another way is look at how a doctor's salary compares to the average national income in that doctor's country — that is, gross domestic product per capita. These numbers are in the third column, fifth and seventh columns of the chart.
As a country's wealth rises, so should doctor' pay. But even accounting for this trend, the United States pays doctors more than its wealth would predict:
Source: Congressional Research Service (CRS) analysis of Remuneration of Health Professions, OECD Health Data 2006 (October 2006), available at [//www.ecosante.fr/OCDEENG/70.html].
According to this model, the 2007 report says, “The U.S. position above the trendline indicates that specialists are paid approximately $50,000 more than would be predicted by the high U.S. GDP. General practitioners are paid roughly $30,000 more than the U.S. GDP would predict, and nurses are paid $8,000 more.”
But it's important to keep in mind, the report notes, that health care professionals in other O.E.C.D. countries pay much less (if anything) for their medical educations than do their American counterparts. In other words, doctors and nurses in the rest of the industrialized world start their medical careers with much less student loan debt compared to medical graduates in the United States.
For more data on health spending in O.E.C.D. countries, go here. For a recent American-only survey on the pay of physicians with various specialties, go here.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Doctors have expressed "huge concern" that super-gonorrhoea has spread widely across England and to gay men.
The new superbug prompted a national alert last year when it emerged in Leeds, as one of the main treatments had become useless against it.
Public Health England acknowledges measures to contain the outbreak have been of "limited success".
Doctors fear the sexually transmitted infection, which can cause infertility, could soon become untreatable.
Cases of super-gonorrhoea have now been detected in the West Midlands, London and southern England.
Only 34 cases have been officially confirmed in laboratory testing, but this is likely to be the tip of the iceberg of an infection that can be symptomless.
'Infections spread faster'
The outbreak started in straight couples, but is now being seen in gay men too.
"We've been worried it would spread to men who have sex with men," Peter Greenhouse, a consultant in sexual health based in Bristol, told BBC News.
"The problem is [they] tend to spread infections a lot faster simply as they change partners more quickly."
They are also more likely to have gonorrhoea in their throats. There further resistance is more likely to develop as antibiotics get to the throat in lower doses and the area is also teeming with other bacteria that can share the resistance to drugs.
The bacterium that causes gonorrhoea is extremely adept at shrugging off our best antibiotics.
So two drugs - azithromycin and ceftriaxone - are used in combination.
But now resistance to azithromycin is spreading, doctors fear it is only a matter of time before ceftriaxone fails too.
What is gonorrhoea?
Image copyright CAVALLINI JAMES/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY
The disease is caused by the bacterium called Neisseria gonorrhoeae.
The infection is spread by unprotected vaginal, oral and anal sex.
Of those infected, about one in 10 heterosexual men and more than three-quarters of women, and gay men, have no easily recognisable symptoms.
But symptoms can include a thick green or yellow discharge from sexual organs, pain when urinating and bleeding between periods.
Untreated infection can lead to infertility, pelvic inflammatory disease and can be passed on to a child during pregnancy.
Safe sex urged
England's most senior doctor has already warned gonorrhoea is on the cusp of becoming untreatable.
And Dr Gwenda Hughes, the head of the sexually transmitted infections unit at Public Health England, said: "We cannot afford to be complacent.
"If strains of gonorrhoea emerge that are resistant to both azithromycin and ceftriaxone, treatment options would be limited as there is currently no new antibiotic available to treat the infection."
She is encouraging people to practise safe sex to minimise the risk of sexually transmitted infections.
There is also a concerted campaign to find the sexual partners of people who have the superbug.
But a Public Health England report acknowledges this has been of "limited success" so far.
Of 50 sexual partners reported, only 22 were successfully followed up, but, worryingly, 94% of partners tested had the infection.
Image copyright Thinkstock
The British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said there needed to be a rapid response to the infection and has warned its members to be on the lookout.
Its president, Dr Elizabeth Carlin, said: "The spread of high level azithromycin-resistant gonorrhoea is a huge concern and it is essential that every effort is made to contain further spread.
"Failure to respond appropriately will jeopardise our ability to treat gonorrhoea effectively and will lead to poorer health outcomes for individuals and society as a whole."
But Mr Greenhouse warned that sexual health services were facing their "biggest restriction ever" due to funding cuts.
'Perfect storm'
The emergence of a dangerous superbug was creating a "perfect storm scenario", he said.
Meanwhile, the Department of Health has announced a new tool to help GPs cut the number of antibiotics they prescribe.
It will allow practices to see how their antibiotic prescribing habits compare with other practices.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said: "I want to see antibiotics being prescribed only when necessary and hope this will be a new weapon to help GPs cut the numbers of antibiotics needlessly being given out."
Follow James on Twitter.
“It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.”
Friedrich Nietzsche
Feminism promotes a neurotic vision of love. It takes its model directly from the Age of Feudalism which saw vassals bowing down and kissing the hands of Lords. In the 12th century that model served as the basis for a new kind of love in which men were to play the role of vassal to women who played the role of an idealized Lord.
Back in the middle of the 20th Century, C.S. Lewis referred to this historical revolution as “the feudalisation of love,” and stated that it has left no corner of our ethics, our imagination, or our daily life untouched. “Compared with this revolution,” states Lewis, “the Renaissance is a mere ripple on the surface of literature.” [1]
Not only has this feudalistic notion of love permeated every corner of the globe, it continues to be vigorously promoted by both feminists and traditionalists alike. The love we are referring to is what Hollywood, romance novels, and other media refer to as “romantic love,” the fantasy to which every modern man and woman pledges blind obeisance. Here are two descriptions of romantic love from modern scholars:
C.S. Lewis:
“Everyone has heard of courtly love, and everyone knows it appeared quite suddenly at the end of the eleventh century at Languedoc. The sentiment, of course, is love, but love of a highly specialized sort, whose characteristics may be enumerated as Humility, Courtesy, and the Religion of Love. The lover is always abject. Obedience to his lady's lightest wish, however whimsical, and silent acquiescence in her rebukes, however unjust, are the only virtues he dares to claim. Here is a service of love closely modelled on the service which a feudal vassal owes to his lord. The lover is the lady's ‘man'. He addresses her as midons, which etymologically represents not ‘my lady' but ‘my lord'. The whole attitude has been rightly described as ‘a feudalisation of love'. This solemn amatory ritual is felt to be part and parcel of the courtly life.”[2]
C.S. Lewis wrote that many decades ago; I'm not sure “everyone” knows it today. We ought to remember his words, because in the long sweep of human history, what we think has been with us forever is something people only a few generations ago knew to be mostly an artificial, idealized notion.
Slavoj Zizek:
“The knight's relationship to the Lady is thus the relationship of the subject-bondsman, the vassal, to his feudal Master-Sovereign who subjects him to senseless, outrageous, impossible, arbitrary, capricious ordeals. It is precisely in order to emphasize the non-spiritual nature of these ordeals that Lacan quotes a poem about a Lady who demanded that her servant literally lick her arse: the poem consists of the poet's complaints about the bad smells that await him down there (one knows the sad state of personal hygiene in the Middle Ages), and about the imminent danger that, as he is fulfilling his ‘duty', the Lady will urinate on his head.” [3]
Feminism's mission today is largely the promulgation of this “love,” and it is right that men and women learn to reject it – as Men Going Their Own Way (MGTOW), Women Against Feminism (WAF), and Men's Human Rights Advocates (MHRAs) are doing. It is a “love” that dehumanizes males by turning them into masochistic servants, while simultaneously dehumanizing women by idealizing them to the extent that their humanity is obliterated and replaced with an image of divinity. It's a recipe for disaster on both sides; the occasional lucky couple for whom this works is about as rare as a lightning strike, with no evidence that even that lucky few are really happier or more productive than anyone else.
When I consider this disastrous state of affairs that has lead men to boycott relationships, a few questions arise; are we being too rash in our rush from love, and if yes is there a better model, a new model, or perhaps an older model for relationships that we have forgot?
The field of attachment science concludes that an absence of close and consistent human attachment causes children to literally wither and die, refusing to thrive despite being provided with clothing, food and an adequate number of toys. Likewise adults literally commit suicide to escape feelings of isolation and loneliness, especially after a relationship separation. Even if we don't end up suiciding from loneliness we have to ask ourselves if the absence of an intimate relationship in our lives leaves us limping, or somehow unfulfilled? Some would suggest we can fill our intimacy void with friendships, but this leads to a further question of whether there is an adequate formulation of friendship that can satisfy our needs – a relationship that doesn't rely on the usual vassal and lord model at the core of romantic love.
In ancient cultures friendship was a more lofty aspiration than it is today. It was synonymous with love and it often involved sexual intimacy. In Ancient Greek, the same word was used for friend and lover. In our culture we have succeeded in separating friendship from the category we call love, and excised all trace of sex from friendships. Today when we say, “They are just good friends” or “she's only a friend” we are indicating the absence of both intimate love and sex.
To older classical cultures, friendship seemed the happiest and most fully human of the different kinds of loves, and for that reason I wonder whether it's worth reintroducing it here as a guide to relationships between red-pill men and women?
Suppose that rather than running from intimacy we were to demote our idea of “romantic” love from its pedestal, and elevate friendship-love in its place. Suppose also that we steal back sexual attraction and sexual intercourse from the neurotic clutches of “romantic” love, and allow it once again to be part and parcel of friendship if and when relationships call for it.
Before we consider elevating friendship as a replacement for romantic love we need first to detail precisely what it is and how it looks in lived experience, and to that end here are three salient points of definition.
Friendship is based on shared interests
Friendship is based entirely on things people have in common, like some shared insight, interest or taste. It might be cooking, sport, religion, politics, sex, or gardening, and in the best friendships there occurs a handsome combination of these. No friendship can arise without shared interests, because there would be nothing for the friendship to be about. Furthermore, that “something” is generally located outside oneself and one's relationship – at the football stadium, church, chess-board, or stamp collection. Friendship differs in this respect markedly from “romantic” love in which couples perpetually focus on each other and talk to each other about their love.
Friends hardly ever talk about their friendship. C.S. Lewis captures this with his remark that friends stand side-by-side rather than face-to-face:
“Friends are not primarily absorbed in each other. It is when we are doing things together that friendship springs up – painting, sailing ships, praying, philosophizing, fighting shoulder to shoulder. Friends look in the same direction. Lovers look at each other – that is, in opposite directions.”[1]
This kind of friendship, this love, is not something we can have with anyone we meet. We can no more choose in advance who we are going to be close friends with than we can choose what sort of skin colour we are going to be born with. Friendship arises organically when we discover that a previously casual acquaintance, or perhaps a new person we meet, shares significant interests with us; “What? You too? I thought I was the only one!” The pleasure derived from cooperation in that shared interest, and of getting to know them through that activity, provides an avenue for deep bonding and human attachment.
Friendship is based in personal authenticity
Friendship is based on true identities and interests, not on some narrow and dehumanising role we might play. Friendship invites you to speak out about your interests in order to find potential areas of commonality. This is not allowed in so-called “romantic” love lest your interests threaten the narrow feudalistic fantasy. In “romantic” love the main shared interest is that script which insists the man play the role of masochistic utility, and the woman an idealised goddess. It is an objectification of both parties.
Friendship is not based on the feudal model: not vassals and overlords, but partners in crime.
Friendship is highly compatible with sex
Sex does not belong to romantic love – it belongs anywhere you want it to belong. Modern culture has begrudgingly allowed for this possibility under the risqué concept of “friends with benefits,” but to the ancients it was not daring at all, it was perfectly normal. Friendship also allows for a kind of quasi-romance–or dare I say, a possibly more authentic romance? Have you not had a good friend give you a gift, take you out for a meal, or to the movies? Sex and romantic gestures need not remain colonised by feudalistic notions of romantic love alone.
Sexual attraction and desire also need to be put in their place. They may generate some chemistry and may be the first thing that attracts you to a person, but like the shiny trinket that catches your eye at the shopping mall, you will first stare at it in wonder, maybe have a feel, and then decide whether you really want to take that thing home and share your life with it. Friendship is much the same, and if a person you meet has little in common you will be inclined to leave them on the shelf and move on, despite their sexual attractiveness.
________
Romantic-love and friendship-love are clearly opposed relationships with opposing motives. A woman might say: “I don't want to be friends with my husband because it will take all the drama and intensity out of our marriage.” That is true enough, friendship does take some of the neurotic drama and intensity out of a relationship. But it also takes away the masochism and narcissism, and replaces that sickness with something human and real.
One of the worst-kept secrets about married couples is that they often treat their friends with more kindness, compassion and generosity than they ever do for each other. When best friends are together they are charming, engaging, helpful and courteous, but when they return home to their spouses they appear resentful, angry and uncooperative with each other. Hardly ever do we see this pattern reversed, where people are horrible to friends and at their best with their long term romantic love partners.
Friendship-love not only existed throughout the world before “romantic” love was invented, but it remains active in some pockets of culture today – for instance in China and India. Author Robert Johnson, for instance, writes about the presence of friendship between couples in India, recounting a Hindu marriage rite in which the bride and groom make the solemn but hopeful statement, “You will be my best friend.”
Johnson goes further, telling that “In a traditional Hindu marriage, a man's commitment to his wife does not depend on his staying ‘in love' with her. Since he was never ‘in love' in the first place, there is no way he can fall ‘out of love'. His relationship to his wife is based on loving her, not on being ‘in love' with the ideal he projects onto her. His relationship is not going to collapse because one day he falls ‘out of love,' or because he meets another woman who catches his projection. He is committed to a woman and a family, not to a projection.” [4]
Friendship-love appeared long before “romantic” love and it worked. The “romantic” version of love is full of narcissism, corruption, entitlement and despair, where dreams collapse and lives are shattered. On the other hand go ask the happily married octogenarian couple who their best friend is – they will look at each other and smile knowing the answer has been beside them for sixty years. Our lives, loves and families fare much better when we base them on this very human kind of love called friendship.
With freindship, men and women have an opportunity to truly go their own way while keeping the option of healthy intimate relationships with either sex alive. Having your cake and eating it too. That would be my suggestion of how we might cure the malaise.
I once again note that the breakdown in relations between men and women has been painful, and men have suffered the most in this I would think; in the current socio-political climate, marriage and even cohabitation is like jumping out of an aeroplane with a chute you're not even sure is going to open. And all change can't simply be political. Still, if we are ever to look forward to a cultural change that might make for a new era of improved relations between the sexes, ditching these feudalistic attitudes about “romantic love,” and restoring the ancient tradition of seeing intimate friendship being the highest ideal for a relationship, would probably by a major step in the right direction culturally. This will require a shift in the attitudes of men and women alike, but the evidence for this being possible is strong; we've done it before, and we still see it in some cultures today. It's not impossible for human beings to think and act this way. So can we return to a culture where that's the more normal way of thinking? I'd like to believe that possible for us today, or at least in the future.
References
[1] C.S. Lewis, Friendship, chapter in The Four Loves, HarperCollins, 1960
[2] C.S. Lewis, The Allegory of Love, Oxford University Press, 1936
[3] Slavoj Zizek, The Metastases of Enjoyment, Verso Press, 2005
[4] Robert A. Johnson, Understanding the Psychology of Romantic Love, HarperCollins, 1983
[5] Robert C. Solomon, Love: Emotion, Metaphor, Empathy, Prometheus Books, 1990
[6] Marcus Tullius Cicero, Cicero's Essays on Old Age and Friendship, Translation Publishers, 1926
[7] Lorraine S. Pangle, Aristotle and the Philosophy of Friendship, Cambridge University Press, 1986
[8] Irving Singer, The Nature of Love: Plato to Luther, University of Chicago Press, 1966
[9] Irving Singer, The Nature of Love: Courtly and Romantic, MIT Press, 2009
[10] Alan Soble, Eros, Agape and Philia: Readings in the Philosophy of Love, Paragon House, 1998
American democracy is in crisis. The election of Donald Trump feels like a state of emergency made normal.
Trump has threatened violence against his political enemies. He has made clear he does not believe in the norms and traditions of American democracy — unless they serve his interests. Trump and his advisers consider a free press to be enemies of his regime. Trump repeatedly lies and has a profoundly estranged relationship with empirical reality. He uses obvious and naked racism, nativism and bigotry to mobilize his voters and to disparage entire groups of people such as Latinos and Muslims.
Advertisement:
Trump is threatening to eliminate an independent judiciary and wants to punish judges who dare to stand against his illegal and unconstitutional mandates. In what appears to be a violation of the emoluments clause of the Constitution, Trump is using the office of the presidency to enrich himself, his family and his inner circle by peddling influence and access to corporations, foreign countries and wealthy individuals. Trump and his representatives also believe that he is above the law and cannot be prosecuted for any crimes while in office.
What can the American people do to resist Donald Trump? What lessons can history teach about the rise of authoritarianism and fascism and how democracies collapse? Are there ways that individuals can fight back on a daily basis and in their own personal lives against the political and cultural forces that gave rise to Trump's movement? How long does American democracy have before the poison that Donald Trump and the Republican Party injected into the country's body politic becomes lethal?
In an effort to answer these questions, I recently spoke with Timothy Snyder, a professor of history at Yale University. He is the award-winning author of numerous books including the recent "Black Earth: The Holocaust as History and Warning" and "Bloodlands: Europe Between Hitler and Stalin." Snyder's new book, "On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century," explores how the American people can fight back against Donald Trump's incipient authoritarian regime.
Our conversation has been edited for length and clarity. A longer version can be heard on my podcast, available on Salon's Featured Audio page.
The election of Donald Trump is a crisis for American democracy. How did this happen?
We asked for it by saying that history was over in 1989 [with the end of the Cold War]. By saying that nothing bad could [ever] happen again, we were basically inviting something bad to happen.
Advertisement:
Our story about how nothing could [ever] go wrong was a story about how human nature is the free market and the free market brings democracy, so everything is hunky-dory — and of course every part of that story is nonsense. The Greeks understood that democracy is likely to produce oligarchy because if you don't have some mechanism to get inequality under control then people with the most money will likely take full control.
With Trump, one sees the new variant of this where a candidate can run by saying, “Look, we all know — wink, wink, nudge, nudge — that this isn't really a democracy anymore." He doesn't use the words but basically says, “We all know this is really an oligarchy, so let me be your oligarch." Although it's nonsense and of course he's a con man and will betray everyone, it makes sense only in this climate of inequality.
In my writing and interviews, I have consistently referred to Donald Trump as a fascist. I have received a great deal of resistance to that claim. Do you think this description is correct? If not, then what language should we use to describe Donald Trump?
One of the problems with American discourse is that we just assume everybody is a friendly democratic parliamentarian pluralist until proven otherwise. And then even when it's proven otherwise we don't have any vocabulary for it. He's a "dictator." He's an "authoritarian." He's "Hitler." We just toss these words around.
Advertisement:
The pushback that you are talking about is 95 percent bad. Americans do not want to think that there is an alternative to what we have. Therefore, as soon as you say "fascism" or whatever it might be, then the American response is to say "no" because we lack the categories that allow us to think outside of the box that we are no longer in.
Is this a function of American exceptionalism?
Yes, it is. We made a move towards intellectual isolationism in a world where no kind of isolationism is possible. The fact that democracies usually fail is a rule which can't apply to us. If you examine American society, there are high points and low points. But there is certainly nothing which puts us in a different category than other people who have failed, whether it's historically or whether it's now.
Advertisement:
I don't want to dodge your question about whether Trump is a fascist or not. As I see it, there are certainly elements of his approach which are fascistic. The straight-on confrontation with the truth is at the center of the fascist worldview. The attempt to undo the Enlightenment as a way to undo institutions, that is fascism.
Whether he realizes it or not is a different question, but that's what fascists did. They said, “Don't worry about the facts; don't worry about logic. Think instead in terms of mystical unities and direct connections between the mystical leader and the people.” That's fascism. Whether we see it or not, whether we like it or not, whether we forget, that is fascism.
Another thing that's clearly fascist about Trump were the rallies. The way that he used the language, the blunt repetitions, the naming of the enemies, the physical removal of opponents from rallies, that was really, without exaggeration, just like the 1920s and the 1930s.
Advertisement:
And Mr. [Steve] Bannon's preoccupation with the 1930s and his kind of wishful reclamation of Italian and other fascists speaks for itself.
How did the news media and others get this so wrong? Why did they underestimate the threat posed by Donald Trump and his movement?
What we ended up with, from Bill Clinton onward, is a status quo party and an "undo the system" party, where the Democrats became the status quo party and the Republicans became the "undo the system" party. In that constellation it's very hard to think of change because one party is in favor of things being the way they are, just slightly better, and the other party has this big idea of undoing everything, although it's unclear what that really means in practice. So no one is actually articulating how you address the problems of the day, the greatest of which would be inequality. When neither party is creative, then it's hard for scholars to get their ideas into meaningful circulation.
Why is Trump not being held accountable for all of his failures, scandals and incompetence?
Advertisement:
Mr. Trump is primarily a television personality. As such, he is judged by that standard. This means that a scandal does not call forth a response; it calls forth the desire for a bigger scandal. It just whets the appetite for a bigger scandal because a television serial has to work on that logic. It's almost as though he has to produce these outrageous things because what else would he be doing?
I think another part of it has to do with attention span. It's not so much a lack of outrage; people are in fact outraged. But in order for a scandal to have political logic, the outrage has to be followed by the research. It has to be followed by the investigation. It has to be followed by an official finding.
In your book you discuss the idea that Donald Trump will have his own version of Hitler's Reichstag fire to expand his power and take full control of the government by declaring a state of emergency. How do you think that would play out?
Let me make just two points. The first is that I think it's pretty much inevitable that they will try. The reason I think that is that the conventional ways of being popular are not working out for them. The conventional way to be popular or to be legitimate in this country is to have some policies, to grow your popularity ratings and to win some elections. I don't think 2018 is looking very good for the Republicans along those conventional lines — not just because the president is historically unpopular. It's also because neither the White House nor Congress have any policies which the majority of the public like.
Advertisement:
This means they could be seduced by the notion of getting into a new rhythm of politics, one that does not depend upon popular policies and electoral cycles.
Whether it works or not depends upon whether when something terrible happens to this country, we are aware that the main significance of it is whether or not we are going to be more or less free citizens in the future.
My gut feeling is that Trump and his administration will try and that it won't work. Not so much because we are so great but because we have a little bit of time to prepare. I also think that there are enough people and enough agencies of the government who have also thought about this and would not necessarily go along.
What can citizens do? What would your call to action be?
Advertisement:
The whole point of my new book, "On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century," is that we have a century of wisdom and very smart people who confronted situations like our own — but usually more demanding — and that wisdom can be condensed.
What my book does is it goes across the arc of regime change, from the beginning to the end, and it provides things ranging from simpler to harder that people can literally do every day.
The thing that matters the most is to realize that in moments like this your actions really do matter. It is ironic but in an authoritarian regime-change situation, the individual matters more than [in] a democracy. In an authoritarian regime change, at the beginning the individual has a special kind of power because the authoritarian regime depends on a certain kind of consent. Which means that if you are conscious of the moment that you are in, you can find the ways not to express your consent and you can also find the little ways to be a barrier. If enough people do that, it really can make a difference — but again only at the beginning.
What are some of the more difficult and challenging things that people can do?
Advertisement:
The last lesson in "On Tyranny" is to be as courageous as you can. Do you actually care enough about freedom that you would take risks? Do individuals actually care about freedom? Think that through. I think if enough of us take the little risks at the beginning, which aren't really that significant, this will prevent us from having to take bigger risks down the line.
We are still at a stage where protest is not illegal. We're still at a stage where protest is not lethal. Those are the two big thresholds. We are still on the good side of both of those thresholds and so now is the time you want to pack in as much as you can because you could actually divert things. Once you get into a world where protest is illegal, then the things that I recommend like corporeal politics, getting out on the streets — they have to happen but they are much riskier. It's a much different kind of decision.
How much time does American democracy have left before this poison becomes lethal and there is no path of return?
You have to accept there is a time frame. Nobody can be sure how long this particular regime change with Trump will take, but there is a clock, and the clock really is ticking. It's three years on the outside, but in more likelihood something like a year. In January 2018 we will probably have a pretty good idea which way this thing is going. It's going to depend more on us than on them in the meantime. Once you get past a certain threshold, it starts to depend more on them than on us, and then things are much, much worse. It makes me sad to think how Americans would behave at that point.
Advertisement:
Then Trump and his forces have the momentum because again we the American people are up against the clock.
I hate to sound like a self-help person but I'm going to. Every day you don't do something, it makes it less likely that you will ever do something. So you've got to get started right away. "On Tyranny" is a suggestion of things that everyone can do. There are plenty of other great ideas from people coming from other traditions, but the basic thing is you have to change your protocol of daily behavior now.
Don't obey in advance because you have to start by orienting yourself against the general drift of things. If you can manage that, then the other lessons — such as supporting existing political and social institutions, supporting the truth and so on — those things will then come relatively easily if you can follow the first one, which is to get out of the drift, to recognize that this is the moment where you have to not behave as you did in October 2016. You have to set your own habits now.
[jwplayer file="http://media.salon.com/2017/05/bf274c60fb94b0c52254d10276681839.mp4" image="http://media.salon.com/2017/05/9419e1ff4084e50575d1ef23e993b16e-1280x720.png"][/jwplayer]
Pin +1 Share 0 Shares
Gamers from a totally different era will appreciate the R-Kaid-R from Swedish design company Love Hultén not only because it plays retro games from Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis and Atari 2600, but also for its unique good looks. Hidden inside of a handcrafted briefcase, this portable retro gaming system features its own custom OS and can even play games from PlayStation One and early PC games, in addition to more classic titles.
It's made from several varieties of solid, stained wood and brass, with gamine done on its 8″ LCD screen. It's built-in mono speaker provides just the right amount of sound to take you back to your early gaming days while playing your favorite old school games and when you've gotten your fill, the entire system folds nicely into a 3.5″ thick briefcase you can haul around with you. There's also a USB port and SD-card slot that allows you to add your own games to the mix. The limited-edition retro gaming console will only see 50 units made when it goes on sale this September for $3,400.
San Francisco Parks Officer Gilmore shows Chelsea Ducote the park ordinance prohibiting women from going topless at Dolores Park on Aug. 23, 2015. In Berkeley, a proposal would abolish part of the city nudity law that prohibits public displays of women's breasts. less San Francisco Parks Officer Gilmore shows Chelsea Ducote the park ordinance prohibiting women from going topless at Dolores Park on Aug. 23, 2015. In Berkeley, a proposal would abolish part of the city nudity ... more Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Buy photo Photo: Carlos Avila Gonzalez, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 37 Caption Close Nipple equality: Women could go topless in Berkeley under new proposal 1 / 37 Back to Gallery
A Berkeley law that makes public displays of the female breast illegal could be abolished this month if a city councilman gets his way.
The nudity ordinance as it stands makes it a misdemeanor or infraction for a woman to expose “any portion of the breast at or below the areola” — similar to municipal codes across the country. Under the new proposal, anyone could go topless in the city without regard to gender.
Kriss Worthington, the progressive councilman who has represented a student-heavy district near UC Berkeley for two decades, said the indecent exposure law is antiquated and sexist. He said it objectifies women and creates confusion for transgender individuals as well.
Worthington's proposal, which will be considered at the Sept. 12 City Council meeting, referenced an exception in the law for breastfeeding to make his point.
“If a woman's nipples are fit to be seen by the most innocent and impressionable portion of the population, babies and toddlers, then it stands to reason that nipples are not inherently sexual and are fit to be seen by the rest of the population, if that woman so chooses,” the proposed ordinance reads.
Despite a “free the nipple” equality campaign that gained traction in recent years, there are prohibitions against topless women just about everywhere in the Bay Area.
Oakland's “immoral dress” law says that women cannot wear “any type of clothing so that any portion of such part of the breast may be observed.” San Jose bars anything “less than completely and opaquely covered” female breasts. Women cannot be topless in San Francisco parks without advance permission from city authorities.
Worthington said that he has long thought that Berkeley's law is sexist, and that the current composition of the City Council, with a progressive majority and mayor, could finally do something about it.
“I don't think there's a rational public policy to justify having the double standard for men and women,” he said. “There's a lot of male fear of women and women's bodies, and we shouldn't be part of that.”
Adjusting the city's nudity law is “not a giant, major issue,” he added, but a simple step in the direction of gender equality.
If passed by City Council, the change could go into effect as early as October.
WATCH: One of the worst repeat drunk drivers in B.C. was sentenced today for yet another impaired driving charge. Kylie Stanton reports on her punishment this time.
A Victoria woman was in court today to be sentenced after pleading guilty to one count of impaired driving and one count of driving while prohibited following an incident last April.
Prior to the incident, Suzanne Gurnell had 19 prohibitions for impaired driving in the last seven years, including three drunk driving convictions.
Although the Crown argued her record was an aggravating factor, Gurnell will not face jail time.
Instead, she will have to obey strict conditions.
“She's got to maintain a curfew,” said defence lawyer Bradley Hickford following the sentencing. “She has got to continue on with the counselling and the rehabilitative efforts that she's clearly been making for last number of months. And she's also not to be found behind a driver's seat or in the possession of any car keys.”
Last April, the 49-year-old Gurnell was arrested around 4 a.m. after her car swerved into a police officers' lane before accelerating away.
“She was so drunk that our officers didn't need to use a roadside screening device,” said Graeme LeBlanc of Victoria Police's Road Safety Unit at the time.
Today we learned Gurnell was in an abusive relationship at the time and was taking herself to hospital for treatment. Gurnell told the judge she had extreme remorse for what she had done.
There is concern penalties in cases like this don't go far enough. While drinking and driving fatalities have dropped substantially since new rules took effect in 2010, those who are caught rarely face criminal code driving bans, let alone a jail sentence.
“It's not just her that she's placing in danger, it's innocent people whose lives she's threatening,” says NDP Justice Critic Mike Farnworth.
WATCH: Serial drunk driver back in court facing charges
-with files from Justin McElroy and Kylie Stanton
Welcome to the 2016 version of The Roster Builder.
With this tool that was developed by our very own Coty Saxman, you can whittle down the roster from 90 to 53 players, build a practice squad, change players' positions, try to get under the cap - and watch your dead money total for 2017 climb sky high.
For those of you who've used the Roster Builder before it will have a familiar look and feel to it.
For everybody else: Click the button below to launch the program (it will open in a new tab/window). To get started, click on 'Reset Everything' in the new window to load the most up-to-date roster into the tool. Also, you'll probably have to keep this window open for the Roster Builder to work in the other window.
[Last Update: 9/3]
Dallas Cowboys Interactive Roster Builder
Sorry, but your browser does not support JavaScript.
Note: This program was written in JavaScript. If your browser does not support JavaScript, you will be informed of that below. In general, Internet Explorer is non-compatible, while Chrome and Firefox are compatible.
Practice Squad: You can put up to 10 guys on the practice squad. Unfortunately, the tool will only show eight. Also, all players with two years experience are now marked as PS eligibile, even though only a maximum of four of those guys can be added to the PS – but I trust the BTB users to be able to make that distinction.
Hey Unkindled,
Our last couple posts showed you pictures of components with the promise of things to come, but they didn't give you much meat in the form of details and specifics. Today's update will pick up where we left off and shed some light on the last leg of this campaign.
A TALE OF TWO FACTORIES
Back in October, we posted an update after visiting our manufacturing partners in China. In that update, we outlined the what the production process looked like:
Models, Components and some Printed Products are produced in China
These items are then shipped to German Manufacturer & USA Manufacturer
Both these locations then complete the printing and assembling processes of the product
Once completed, these are then sent to [7] different distribution hubs around the world
Once at the hub, parcels are pick/packed and then sent to our customers [in more than 100 countries]
While this process is straightforward, each step builds in complexity. For point two, we had to map out (based on backer locations) how many components to send to each factory. And from there, how many copies needed to go to each hub. A lot of other details and decisions had a big impact on these numbers.
For example, the German Manufacturer and the US Manufacturer use different sized pallets. No big deal? Wrong. Very big deal. You see, the pallet size affects the number of games you can fit on each pallet. That impacts how many copies each manufacturer can fit on a truck.
And you know what else impacts how many copies you fit on a pallet? The size of the box. When we increased the height of our boxes (to make sure everything fit snug and sound), all these numbers had to be recalculated.
Speaking of boxes, here's what the final product looks like. That's 3.5 kilos of board game!
Back to logistics. Our German manufacturer can get about 2500 games in one full truck, which is a different count than our US partners. So each factory needed a different number of trucks to complete their orders. And those trucks have to be ordered as well.
With the size and scale of this project, nailing down these details were essential.
QUALITY CONTROL X 2
Look at that gorgeous box art.
With two factories producing copies, we invested extra time in quality control. We checked and double-checked thousands of components. Our partners also made sure the die cut sheets, player boards, and tiles were consistent across the board. With thousands of these sheets, this was no swift process.
Phone snapshot of the game's guts: punch outs, player boards, and tiles all ready to go.
Naturally, we caught problems, which brought delays. Like deep nicks in the punch outs for player boards (oh yes, these boards do have holes for those cubes!). To explain this in greater detail, we'll quote our German partners:
We had to make a few corrections to the tool [for the punch outs for the cubes in the player mats]. [They] were tilted a bit and each one had a slight "nick" where the steel ridges met. This is something [you've all likely] noticed before in several games: if you have a square token, sometimes you can see a small nick on one side, usually about the middle of one of the sides.
In order to punch the pieces out of the board, a steel ridge called the "die" is inserted into a wooden board. That is used—with a pressure of several hundred tons—to punch through the board. Now, this die is one piece of steel that is bent into shape. Of course, the sides of the steel have to meet somewhere. That is the weak part of the die. The pressure of constant punching can lead to a tiny gap or shift in the die, [which] has to be corrected occasionally by the operator of the punching machine.
Yesterday, that nick was too prominent and my colleagues have been adjusting the die. While we cannot always completely eliminate these nicks, we try to make them as small as possible.
So they stopped and fixed it. These things take time, but are absolutely worth it.
TODAY: THE GREAT ASSEMBLING
Now that everything is above board, the assembly process is well underway. For this process, each element of the game is assembled piece-by-piece in an assembly line. Guiding the process is the glorious “Master Copy.” This is a fully assembled game that shows everyone exactly how each box should be packed. Step-by-step they copy it exactly, down to the precise direction and order of the booklets.
Completing the assembly process will take two to three days, but shipping is done as they go. Why? Because 50,000 games take up a lot of space. So they have to get copies out the door as they are finished.
English copies will finish first and then the foreign languages are on track to start Monday. Our German partners estimate they can assemble 1000 to 1200 copies per hour right now.
Once assembled, the games are loaded onto pallets and into trucks. Now, as these trucks go out, any number of things could happen—engine troubles, an accident, alien abduction, mutant wolves, who knows. OK, maybe not those last two. But sometimes forklifts go rogue and kill boxes with misdirected rage and fury..
Boxes laid out on pallets as they are assembled. That's a lot of space...
While many of these factors are beyond our control, we do have a plan for that last one.
Each of the seven shipping hubs is getting an extra 5% of their assigned orders, so they can immediately replace damaged copies to keep the deliveries moving. From here, the trucks travel to their fulfillment center, where copies are boxed according to orders, slapped with shipping labels, and sent to you, our backers.
The shrink wrap machine is the best machine.
With more than 50,000 copies of the core game to deliver, that's a MASSIVE amount of Dark Souls™ to go out.
SHINYYYYY!
OUR PROMISE TO OUR BACKERS
Now that you've gotten a better picture of what's been going on behind the scenes, let's get to the big news. The first Kickstarter Backer copies have left the factory and have started their shipping journey!
To honor our pledge promise of a four-week advanced shipment to our Retail Kickstarter Backers, the April 21 street date is the intended go-live date for those who backed the Retailer Pledge.
We could not be more excited to have reached this milestone!
WHEN WILL I GET MY COPY
With a campaign of this massive scale—over 50,000 copies to deliver for just this first wave—we expect the full roll-out and delivery process to take up to 6 weeks for the core game fulfillment.
We are doing our absolute best to fulfill our promises and get the game into your hands and onto your table!
We'll be back with another update next week to keep you up to date on how the assembly lines & shipping progresses.
Praise the Sun! \[T]/
Adobe's Creative Cloud service has been down for a little over a day now and the company is hard at work on restoring the ability to log in and access to Creative Cloud. Stranded users have been reaching out to Adobe with pleas for help as well as venting their frustration on Twitter since the outage began yesterday.
According to Adobe, the issue is due to Creative Cloud being "impacted by [an] Adobe login issue."
Creative Cloud is a set of online tools that are available online when Adobe migrated its Creative Suite software online. As Creative Cloud is relied upon by creative professionals, including photographers and web designers, the issue means delays and missed deadlines, resulting in agitated users.
One user tweeted the @AdobeCare Twitter handle saying that they had "missed a huge deadline today because your products are not working... This makes me and my business look incompetent." Others are also asking Adobe to compensate them for lost wages, with Adobe responding by saying that it "cannot offer compensation for the outage" and apologizing for the frustration.
At this point, Adobe says that it is making progress on restoring log-in services.
"We are making progress on restoring Adobe login services, and will share more info as it becomes available," the company wrote on Twitter. The company also directed users to a support page as well in the interim.
Beyond the loss of access to apps like Photoshop, UK publication Mac User is reporting that fonts were also inaccessible.
"Users were also surprised by the loss of Typekit desktop fonts," the site wrote. "Although these fonts are effectively installed on the user's Mac or PC, and available offline to all Adobe apps, what users hadn't appreciated was that a failure to check in with the Adobe server could instantly render them inaccessible."
You can also follow the system status updates that Adobe is posting on its Creative Cloud portal as well for the latest news on the outage.
Via: Mac User; source: Adobe Care
Like a lot of other coaches, the Boston Celtics' Brad Stevens studies ways to improve at his craft. That desire has led him to pick Gregg Popovich's brain, to read books about psychology, and to stay ready to document a play whenever he watches a game. It has also led Stevens to search outside of basketball for different coaching alternatives.
While at Butler, he attended numerous Indianapolis Colts practices to learn from Tony Dungy and Peyton Manning. This offseason Stevens observed at least one other coach, Ohio State football coach Urban Meyer, to pick up whatever he could.
#Celtics coach Brad Stevens said recently attended Ohio State football practice so he could watch how Urban Meyer coaches 100 guys at once. — Scott Souza (@Scott_Souza) September 16, 2016
In the past, Stevens has described what he learns from non-basketball coaches.
"I think you can learn a ton from them," he once said. "Because it's not about the Xs and Os, it's about how they run their meetings, who's communicating, how they're communicating, how the players are responding, the activities of the players in those meetings. When you're at a practice and Peyton Manning's involved, it's unbelievable. It's like a clinic, it is like a clinic. So having that opportunity to be around those types of elite performers and athletes is something."
Now, I just hope the Celtics refrain from platooning quarterbacks this season.
(English page)
Frocessing
FrocessingはProcessingライクなドロー系AS3ライブラリです。あくまでライクです。
移植ではなくリファレンス実装なので本家と違う振る舞いをする部分もあります。
※PerlinNoise?,PFont等はほぼ移植になります。3D、Font、Image等は気持ち程度です。
また、現在テストが十分ではないのでバグが多いと思います。まとめると、遊ぶのがメインの酔狂なライブラリです。
Articles
gihyo.jpでFrocessingの連載をしています。よろしかったらどうぞ
FrocessingではじめるActionScriptドローイング
Adobe Developer Connection
FlashでSVG形式のベクターグラフィックを利用する
Note
3D系の実装をしている最中で、なかなかのコード荒れ気味につきご了承ください。(2008/6/30)
テキスト入りました。コードはまだ荒れていています。(2008/7/15)
3D系多少追加。バグ直しなど。(2008/10/11)
いろいろと統廃合で0．5に。前のバージョンはbranchへ。(2009/1/27)
wonderflに入っているのは0．5です。(2009/2/2)
SVGとか追加(2009/4/8)
0.5.8:バグ直しなど(2009/12/6)
0.5.9:バグ直しなど(2010/3/13). 0.5.9.1(2010/3/15)
内部API見直しで0.6に。0.5.9.1はbranchへ。(2010/6/6)
0.6.1:バグ直しなど(2010/7/8)
Source Code
Document
asdoc frocessing-0.6( current ) http://www.libspark.org/htdocs/as3/frocessing/
asdoc frocessing-0.5.9.1 http://nutsu.com/doc/frocessing-0.5.9.1/
asdoc frocessing-0.3 http://nutsu.com/doc/frocessing-0.3/
Processing的なメソッドに関しては本家で読む方がわかりやすいと思います。
http://processing.org/reference/index_ext.html
現在Processing的な実装をしているのは、主に以下のようなところです。
*付きは3Dの場合メソッドが異なります。
2D Primitives triangle() line() *line3d() arc() point() quad() ellipse() rect()
3D Primitives box() sphere() sphereDetail()
Curves bezierTangent() bezierDetail() curveTightness() bezierPoint() curveDetail() curvePoint() curve() *curve3d() bezier() *bezier3d()
Attributes strokeWeight() strokeJoin() strokeCap() ellipseMode() rectMode()
Vertex beginShape() endShape() texture() textureMode() vertex() *vertex3d() bezierVertex() *bezierVertex3d() curveVertex() *curveVertex3d()
Loading & Displaying loadShape() shape() shapeMode()
Transform pushMatrix() popMatrix() resetMatrix() scale() translate() rotate() rotateX() rotateY() rotateZ() printMatrix()
Camera camera() beginCamera() endCamera() printCamera() perspective() frustum() ortho() printProjection()
Coordinates modelX() modelY() modelZ() screenX() screenY() screenZ()
Color colorMode() fill() stroke() noFill() noStroke() background()
Creating & Reading red() green() blue() hue() saturation() brightness() alpha() *F5MovieClip系ではf5_alpha() color() blendColor() lerpColor()
Math dist() *dist3d() constrain() mag() *mag3d() lerp() sq() norm() map() degrees() radians()
Random noise() noiseDetail() noiseSeed() random() randomSeed()
Image imageMode() image() loadImage() tint() noTint()
Typographic text() textFont() textSize() textWidth() textAlign() textLeading() textAscent() textDescent() loadFont()
使い方
Processing気分でFlashで遊ぶ場合、frocessing.display.F5MovieClip2D、或いは、frocessing.display.F5MovieClip3DをDocumentClass?に指定してフレームスクリプトに色々書くと気分を味わえます。
このとき、function draw()がある場合、自動的にEnterFrame?のリスナに指定されます。setup()は、ADDED_TO_STAGEのときコールされます。
リポジトリの中に簡単なサンプルがありますので遊んでみてください。
普通に使う場合は、frocessing.core.F5Graphics2D、frocessing.core.F5Graphics3Dなどを使うのだと思う。
ライセンス
ProcessingにならってLGPLです。
つくってる人
nutsu
The US budget deal and the political conspiracy against the working class
13 December 2013
The bipartisan budget agreement reached between congressional Democrats and Republicans, with the support of the Obama administration, is the latest act in a political conspiracy against the working class, aimed at slashing social programs and effecting a further redistribution of wealth to the corporate and financial elite.
The agreement, adopted Thursday by the House of Representatives by an overwhelming margin of 332-94, makes permanent over a trillion dollars in “sequester” budget cuts, increases federal employee pension contributions, establishes new consumption fees, and makes nearly $30 billion in additional cuts in Medicare reimbursements. President Obama has already said he will sign the measure.
The regressive, anti-social character of the budget deal is most clearly expressed in the fact that it allows for the expiration of federal unemployment benefits, ending cash assistance for the long-term unemployed after Christmas.
A total of 1.3 million people are scheduled to lose their unemployment benefits on December 28, and an additional 3.6 million people will be cut off from income support next year. By the White House's own estimate, two additional family members are supported by each recipient of extended jobless aid, bringing to nearly 15 million the number of people potentially affected by the expiration of federal jobless benefits—nearly five percent of the population.
The class character of the entire political system is starkly revealed by this cruel act. It is being carried out even as the Federal Reserve continues to funnel $85 billion a month— more than three times the cost of extending benefits for an entire year—to fuel a record stock market boom and soaring corporate profits. The budget deal restores military spending approximately equal to the cost of the unemployment benefits, further feeding a military and intelligence machine that consumes close to $1 trillion every year.
How many people will be made homeless, or forced to choose between medical care and putting food on the table, as a result of the unemployment benefit cuts? How many will be thrown into poverty? These cuts are being implemented, despite the talk by the Obama administration and the media of “economic recovery,” as requests for food assistance are rising and the country remains plagued by mass unemployment.
The two big business parties posture as bitter opponents, but in reality they are united on all fundamental aspects of policy. The basic unity of the two parties was summed up by Democratic Senate Budget Committee Chair Patty Murray in announcing the deal on Tuesday. She and her Republican counterpart, Paul Ryan, “cheer for a different football team,” Murray said. “We catch different fish. We have some differences on policy, but we agree that our country needs some certainty and we need to show that we can work together.”
Ryan, the House Budget Committee chairman and Republican vice presidential candidate in 2012, has put forward budgets that would dismantle Social Security and Medicare. He is now presented by the media as the “moderate” face of the Republican Party.
The outcome of the budget talks was predictable. Against those who promoted the official narrative of the October government shutdown—peddled by both the mainstream press and various fake “left” organizations—that the main characteristic of US politics is the vast ideological chasm between the Democratic and Republican parties, the World Socialist Web Site wrote: “Behind the façade of partisan ‘gridlock,' there has never been greater consensus between the two parties on substantive matters of social policy. They completely agree on making the broad mass of the population pay for the crisis of American and world capitalism.”
As the WSWS predicted, the government shutdown was the prelude to a further shift to the right by the Obama administration and the Democratic Party. The aftermath of the government shutdown has brought a renewed drive to impoverish the population.
In November, food stamp benefits were slashed nationwide for the first time in US history, eliminating the equivalent of two days of food every month for 47.7 million people. Congress is scheduled to vote on a farm bill in the coming days that will slash billions more from the food stamp program.
Earlier this month, a federal judge approved the Detroit bankruptcy, with the support of the White House, setting the stage for massive cuts in Detroit city worker pensions and similar attacks on public employee pensions across the country.
This is only the latest stage in a series of measures, each aimed at furthering the transfer of wealth to the corporate and financial elite. While both parties initially claimed they favored doing away with the automatic sequester cuts, these claims were entirely for public consumption.
The bipartisan agreement keeps the sequester cuts in place to serve as a mechanism for slashing spending by a hundred billion dollars per year, year after year, and bring domestic spending down to the levels that existed in the 1950s. Since 2011, US domestic social spending has been slashed by 8.9 percent, a fact of which Obama speaks with pride.
For many years, and particularly since the financial collapse of 2008, the ruling class has been engaged in a restructuring of class relations. On the one hand, bank bailouts and “quantitative easing,” on the other, cuts in social programs and the utilization of mass unemployment to drive down wages and reduce living standards. Each of the manufactured budget crises since 2010 has shifted the political establishment further to the right.
More is to come. As Obama himself put it, the budget agreement is a “first step.” With the deal set, the ruling class turns its greedy eyes to the substantial funds contained in the Medicare and Social Security programs. A persistent theme in media and political commentary is that the budget deal creates the bipartisan framework to take on entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare in the face of overwhelming popular opposition to any cuts.
In all of this, the state emerges clearly not as a neutral arbiter, but as a ruthless instrument of class rule. The fight back by the working class requires a political and revolutionary mobilization, aimed at taking political power and instituting a program based on the interests of the vast majority of the population.
The defense of the social rights of working people is impossible within the framework of the capitalist system. In opposition to the two big business parties, the working class must build a mass political movement armed with a socialist program to reorganize society on the basis of social need, not private profit.
Andre Damon
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Analyzing Django requirement files on GitHub
Django is the most popular Python web framework. It is now almost 12 years old and is used on all kinds of different projects. From small to super large, from heavy content sites to pure API backends.
On pyup.io we really care about requirement files and dependencies. Thankfully, GitHubs data is available at BigQuery which allows us to run a query giving us access to all requirement files across public repos.*
Let's take a look at how Django is being used.
*The full dataset is available at pyupio/github-requirements. It contains all raw requirement files, a pre-processed index and the numbers for Django.
Django developers pin their requirements
Pinned or freezed requirements (Django==1.8.12) make builds predictable and deterministic. Since Django is mainly used to build end products and new major releases may contain breaking API changes, it makes sense to tell pip exactly what to install.
That's how most Django developers see it: 64% pin their requirements.
Ranged requirements (Django>=1.8,<1.9) with 24% is the second most used option. This prevents problems with new major releases but comes with a couple of problems. Builds are no longer deterministic and you can't tell which version is currently running on your servers from looking at the requirements file alone.
Unpinned requirements are unpopular, only 11% are
Django 1.8 is the most popular major release
Django 1.8 is the old LTS release and is the most widely used with 24%. A good choice for older projects, it still receives security updates until at least April 2018.
A bit worrisome are the 1.9 (14%), 1.7 (13%) and 1.6 (13%) releases on the second, third and fourth place. All of them are no longer receiving security updates, 1.7 and 1.6 went EOL over 2 years ago.
Only 2% of all Django projects are on a secure release
Among all projects, more than 60% use a Django release with one or more known security vulnerabilities. Only 2% are using a secure Django release.
On the remaining part of more than 30% it's unclear what exactly is going to be installed. That's because the Django release is either unpinned or has a range.
The Django core developers handle security issues exceptionally well. All of them have a CVE assigned and security patches are announced through multiple channels. If you are using Django in one of your projects, make sure to update regularly. If you don't want to use the latest features, stay on one of the LTS releases and keep an eye out for updates.
At pyup.io, we have multiple tools that can help you with that. The Safety command line tool warns you if you are using a dependency with known security vulnerabilities. If you are using GitHub, check out Safety CI or configure the pyup-bot to only send you security updates.
Dot Zero releases are popular
The top 10 of all Django releases contains three Dot zero releases: 1.8 on the first place, 1.7 on fourth and 1.9 on the tenth. The second most popular release is Django 1.6.5, closely followed by 1.8.4 on the third place.
The latest LTS release, 1.8.18, comes in at 49th. The latest stable release, 1.11.2, at 107th. The latest oldstable, 1.10.7, at 51th and finally the latest old-oldstable, 1.9.13, at 83rd.
Conclusion
All in all, it was pretty interesting to take a look at the raw numbers for a framework as mature as Django. The security chart is a bit shocking, but the chart isn't counting project activity in. It would be interesting to see how this would look like for projects segmented by a certain age and activity threshold. There are probably not so many active projects out there still using Django 1.4.
There are still some interesting questions left for a follow-up post on this. Anything I've missed? Contact me at jay@pyup.io.
"When your number is up, your number is up. I actually said that to someone before I went out in the water that day," Mr Johnston told Fairfax Media on Friday.
"For sure I'd do the same thing again. You can't run away from them [sharks]. I just thought about what some divers had told me over the years and kept calm and didn't move.
"I saw some Go Pro footage about a week after it happened. But I didn't see these photos until last night. It wasn't until I saw the photos that I saw how big the shark was - it was in my blind spot when I was in the water, so I couldn't really tell."
The photos were taken by Frits de Bruyn, whom Mr Johnston has not met and believes to have been a Tasmanian tourist holidaying in Esperance.
De Bruyn's Facebook profile lists him as hailing from the Tasmanian town of Longford - which has a population of little more than 7000 people but was thrust into the national spotlight just last weekend when its pin-up horse The Cleaner competed in the $3 million Cox Plate.
What It Looks Like to Have a Crush on a Straight Guy
Let's be real. If you're queer, chances are that at one point in your life, you've probably fell for someone you could never have (i.e. you've crushed on a straight person). It happens, and whenever you look back on it, you probably feel a little silly for liking someone you know you shouldn't have. But a queer person having a crush on a straight person is far from a silly or simple issue. There are many factors that come into play when it comes to the dynamics that form between heterosexual and queer people, many which are beyond our immediate control.
The experience can be lonely, intensely stressful, and emotionally damaging in any number of ways, but the reality is that you are not alone.
One of the biggest elements in the formation of a straight crush is the dominant homonormative values in queer culture that empower queer folk to aspire to be and to love those of us who are most successfully able to mimic heterosexual culture. It's only natural then that the line between heterosexual people and straight-acting queer people become blurred. We're taught to love straightness so much that we fall for people we can never have in lieu of those standing visibly and openly before us.
It's tragic, really, how we're doomed to cry and fantasize about someone who is as interested in us as we are in the genders/sexes we're not physically or romantically attracted to. It's in this place that we begin to question everything. Are they straight or gay? Is there something more between us? He texted me first, does that mean he was thinking about me? He wants to go out... so is this a date? We can never really answer these questions because we don't want to. Most of the time we already know what the answers are, but are so lonely and desperate for love in a world where love is portrayed as both a necessity and attainable.
We lie to ourselves because it's easier to love people who look and act like our oppressors, because, of course, they make us hate each other so we don't hate them. When they're nice to us or treat us differently than we're used to being treated, it makes us feel special and powerful, like maybe we're the person who changes everything. The idea itself has been romanticized and fetishized so powerfully in the gay community that it's nearly impossible to fully escape its influence either internally, externally, or both.
What ultimately has to happen, as a proposed solution, is that the community needs to portray queer love in more inclusive, less homonormative ways. Make feminine gay men of color the subject of a main character's love and attention. Show trans characters forming complex romantic relationships, instead of stereotypically sexual ones. Write stories about the diverse realities of what it means to be bisexual or queer and disabled. Until we do this, people will continue to deny the media's influence while unconsciously eating right out of its hands, lusting after the people it encourages us to.
Having a straight crush is hard. These crushes stretch deep within us, reaching emotional caves within our system that we didn't know were there. You're not stupid for falling for straight people, nor are you a fool. The reality is that human beings, of all genders, are capable of sending mixed signals. Human beings are also totally capable of doing things just for the attention. Don't let yourself be used by someone for egotistical, mental, or emotional gain. Know when enough is enough. Love people who love you, and not just people who love to be loved by you.
But at the end of the day, what you'll probably end up doing is following your heart. Your truth is your truth and no essay is likely to stop you from crushing on whoever it is you're crushing on. Just know that you're not alone, and that if and when things get bad, you'll have a queer community to support you, because we know how it feels.
0 Bixby High School to require drug tests for parking permits
BIXBY, Okla. - Quick facts:
Bixby students will soon be required to take drug tests before they are eligible for parking permits.
The students will be responsible for paying for the tests.
School officials said in an email that they believe the move will help keep the community safe.
Bixby Public Schools says they will soon require any students who park on campus to first pay for and take a drug test, becoming one of the first school districts in the state to do so.
The school district reportedly announced in an email this week that they believe parking on school property is a privilege, and they intend to implement a policy requiring all those seeking parking passes to first take a drug test.
School officials say the use of alcohol and drugs impairs students' ability to operate vehicles in a safe and reasonable manner as they park on school property.
They say the policy is not intended to be disciplinary in nature, and they do not plan to issue academic sanction solely for violation of the policy. However, they also say students may be disciplined if a violation of the policy also results in other school district violations.
Trending Stories on FOX23.com
A first violation will reportedly result in a meeting with a parent or guardian, counseling and a 30-day parking pass revocation. Students will be able to shorten the revocation through additional counseling and activities.
The district says students and parents will have to sign a contract concerning the policy before they are eligible for a parking permit.
District officials claim the change will not cost them money.
Students will be responsible for both purchasing the $20 parking permits and also paying $25 for a baseline drug test.
They may then be required to submit to random drug testing or testing due to “reasonable suspicion.” The district says students' initial drug test payments will cover these additional tests.
School officials say students who register for a parking permit and fail to pay for both the permit and drug test before September 1 will be subject to fines and towing for parking on campus.
Students can go to the Bixby school website to register and pay for the drug test, then sign up for a time to complete the test.
Those who take a baseline drug test for an extracurricular activity for the 2017-18 school year will not be required to take an additional test to park.
Trending Video
Tulsa firefighters return to restaurant where they rescued 12 after midtown tornado
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
President Donald Trump, the most unpopular president in at least 40 years, continues to slides in approval polls — and is even losing the faith of his own supporters.
According to a new poll from Politico and Morning Consult, the president's approval rating now sits at 42 percent — a new low for the Trump administration. Even more worrying for the Trump administration: Morale is declining among Trump's own base.
To be sure, 84 percent of Trump voters say they still approve of the job Trump is doing, but the percentage of his base that “strongly approves” of him is down to 42 percent, from the 49 percent polled previously.
And the forecast for Trump doesn't look great, either: This poll was conducted after Trump abruptly fired former FBI Director James Comey last week, but before the two major news reports that 1) the president reportedly disclosed highly classified information to a Russian official, and 2) Comey released a memo claiming Trump tried to stop an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn.
The Trump administration has been mired in scandal week after week, but the current chaos seems to be having an effect on American voters across party lines — a clear shift from early polling on the reports that showed more partisan reactions.
Congressional Republicans themselves have begun decrying the “drama” in the White House as distraction from pushing the GOP's policy agenda on Capitol Hill, and Republican leaders haven't been as quick to rush to Trump's defense. Lawmakers in both parties have increasingly started demanding answers.
If Trump remains this unpopular, it could hurt Republican politicians going forward. In the wake of this turmoil in the White House, Democrats have been watching vulnerable Republican House and Senate seats very closely. As Vox's Andrew Prokop writes, low approval ratings don't bode well for the Republican majority in the 2018 midterm election.
“Every postwar president with a sub-50 percent approval rating around midterm time has lost a double-digit number of House seats, with truly massive landslides being common,” Prokop writes.
In other words, if Trump's approval rating continues to drop, he could be risking the Republican majority in Congress.
ASHEVILLE — Pointing to the rising cost of housing, the local living wage level has also increased, the Asheville-based nonprofit Just Economics announced late Wednesday.
The nonprofit, which has set a living wage standard for area employers since 2008, defines a living wage as “the amount a worker needs to make in order to meet their basic needs without public or private assistance.” Now, that amount is $12.50 an hour or $11 an hour if the employer offers health insurance. Since 2013, the living wage was $11.85 without insurance or $10.35 an hour with it.
The new living wage totals to about $26,000 a year without insurance or $22,880 with, assuming a 40-hour work week. The nonprofit considers workers who receive tips as receiving a living wage if their wage plus tips exceed that amount.
The towns of Montreat and Weaverville, as well as Buncombe County and the city of Asheville, all use the nonprofit's living wage standards to set the baseline for their public employees' wages. Asheville, however, has an exception to the living wage rate that's currently the topic of some debate.
“By definition, the living wage rate is not static. Recently, we've seen a dramatic rise in the cost of housing here, which translates to an increase in the cost of living, dictating the rate change,” Mark Hebbard, who coordinates the nonprofit's living wage certification program, said in the official announcement of the change.
About 400 businesses, primarily in Buncombe, Henderson and Transylvania counties, are certified as living wage employers through the nonprofit's program. Businesses certified under that program keep their living wage certification for two years. Those due to re-certify this year will have the option of either adjusting to the new rate or taking advantage of a one year “grace period” in which they may maintain their certification while they work to increase their wages.
“Our program is not about punishing businesses,” Executive Director Vicki Meath said. “We've had employers that have faced challenges and come off our list and some that have come back on.”
According to the organization, the increased living wage standard is based around Buncombe County. For the moment, Transylvania's living wage standard is remaining the same while the nonprofit assesses economic conditions there.
Living wage standards across NC
Indeed, wages are a topic of national discussion, as several states — even those with historically conservative voting patterns — passed minimum wage increases in last year's elections. North Carolina, however, was not among those states, and the minimum wage here remains the same as the federal minimum wage: $7.25 an hour. In the State of the Union address earlier this week, President Barack Obama sharply criticized Congress for not increasing the federal minimum wage to $10.10 an hour.
In addition to several municipalities located in Buncombe County, the cities of Durham, Carrboro and Chapel Hill, as well as Durham County, mandate a living wage standard for their employees. State legislation in 2013 forbade localities from mandating that contractors working with those local governments also pay a living wage.
Housing costs and calculating a living wage
Just Economics addresses issues of poverty and wages throughout the region, though its living wage numbers are usually targeted at Asheville and the surrounding area and are calculated by comparing the cost of living to federal data. Meath said that Just Economics conducts that calculation every year, but the organization only raises the rate if the necessary wage to make ends meet has risen by more than 3 percent.
This year, the organization has a webpage detailing more information about how it sets the local living wage, and why it believes both the minimum wage and the federal poverty line haven't kept pace with the reality for many working people, leaving local organizations to come up with more accurate calculations.
During the economic downturn, the rise in the cost of living was somewhat blunted, meaning the living wage didn't see a sharp increase until 2013.
Meath said that the cost of housing is increasing so fast that the wages necessary to keep pace must increase as well. Indeed, the cost of housing is the major factor in the nonprofit's formula for calculating a local living wage.
“The reason that we chose that is that we think it's really reflective of the major issues in our area: the inconsistency between the cost of housing and wages,” she said. “The cost of housing is typically the largest expense for an individual.”
By contrast, Meath said, “the poverty guidelines go back to a time when an individual's biggest expense was food. In our day and age, housing is typically a bigger cost than food.
“But I think employers understand that the cost of living is going up, and if the minimum wage reflected inflation and the rise in the cost of living, we'd be at a very different minimum wage.”
There are no ultimate 100 Indie Maximum Exposure vehicles for one simple reason. Indie artists must break from a niche. That niche must be well delineated and can be very very small and still be effective. The mistake most artists make is making a pop record that does not have a niche to break out of.
The adage, think globally act locally can be re-stated think mainstream, act niche. The newer your niche, the greater your chance of becoming identified with it. Almost every Tommy Boy superstar broke out of a niche they dominated if they did not invent. Examples: De La Soul: hip hop hippies, House of Pain – Irish hip hop, Queen Latifah: first proud and powerful African American woman in hip hop, Ru Paul, first drag queen with dance hit, and so on.
So whatever you genre, sub-genre or micro niche there will usually be media that dominates that view of reality. If you are a militant political artist, you would launch in the niche militant political blogs and magazines to establish a beach head. If you have a rapper that rapped about uzis and AK's maybe your entry would be blogs and mags about guns and ammo. David Hazan mentioned a band that was way into Anime and they get written up in the Anime blogs and make a living playing the Anime shows. Will they be able to cross to mainstream? Maybe not but they can be the lords of their niche and make a good living doing that.
So rather than being specific, I would point to blogs and mags in your micro-niche that might not even be music-oriented. You may be more news to a non-music site and reach a core audience that way than trying to get Pitchfork to discover you. There are also opportunities to perform at industry shows in non music industry events and get paid much better than you would in the glutted music market.
In other words make your presentation and target audience as unique as possible so you can be the king of that niche, then target the non-music publications (both online and off) and the events in that niche. You will be building fans, gaining awareness and making money before you even attempt to cross into the “music industry.”
- Tom Silverman
Tigers Blue Jays Baseball
Anibal Sanchez has been on the disabled list since Aug. 9 due to a right pectoral strain, an injury he suffered during a start against the Toronto Blue Jays.
(AP File Photo)
MINNEAPOLIS -- There is still work to do and hurdles to cross, but Detroit Tigers manager Brad Ausmus is hopeful right-hander Anibal Sanchez will be ready to return to the starting rotation next weekend in Chicago.
Sanchez threw Saturday and will throw again Monday in Detroit during the team's off day. If things go well Monday, Sanchez will throw off a mound Wednesday.
The Tigers will determine his status at that point, but Ausmus said he could not rule out the possibility that Sanchez could start Saturday during a doubleheader against the Chicago White Sox.
The rotation has cleared up a bit after Justin Verlander threw more than 100 pitches Saturday night in an 8-6 win over the Minnesota Twins after missing his previous turn in the rotation with a shoulder issue. Here is the rotation moving forward:
Yankees at Tigers
Tuesday: Rick Porcello
Wednesday: David Price
Thursday: TBD
Tigers at Chicago White Sox
Friday: Justin Verlander
Saturday: Max Scherzer and TBD
Sunday: Rick Porcello
The "TBD" for Thursday will almost certainly turn into Kyle Lobstein's first career start. Lobstein made his major-league debut Saturday in the first game of a doubleheader against the Twins.
The "TBD" for Sunday will either be Sanchez or a call-up from the minor leagues. The most likely candidates for that spot would be Robbie Ray or Buck Farmer, who were both rocked in starts this weekend against the Twins.
-- Download the Detroit Tigers on MLive app for iPhone and Android.
-- Like MLive's Detroit Tigers Facebook page.
I can remember watching the Olympics as a 10-year-old and being so inspired by the spectacle that I restaged the events in my backyard, excitedly competing (against myself) to set a series of make-believe world records. When it was announced in 2005 that London had won its bid to stage the 30th Olympiad, I was pleased: now the Olympics really would be coming to my backyard. But I didn't expect to feel excited. And as the opening ceremony grew closer, and the stories of mismanagement multiplied, I feared the worst.
I was wrong. Most of us were wrong. The last two weeks have been amazing.
I'm embarrassed to admit how many times my eyes have welled up. And even more embarrassed that the cause has usually been a British medal.
"Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel," Samuel Johnson said. I've not often felt proud of being British. But pride of some sort seems to have affected most of the country.
There are different kinds of pride contained within it: civic or county pride (Yorkshire has had a great Games), ethnic pride (in seeing black British or mixed race athletes win gold), family pride (as felt by parents, partners and children). But they all come under the one flag.
What's wonderful about the crowds waving their union flags inside Olympic venues or sitting in front of giant screens across the country is how diverse they are, yet how united.
The Games have been the most inclusive event in Britain in my lifetime. They've reclaimed the flag from the bigots and sectarians who use it to divide us one from the other. They'd done so by highlighting qualities we can all celebrate – not the worthless tat of celebrity culture, but physical prowess, mental agility, tactical skill, speed, endurance, dedication and hard work.
Pride is a dangerous thing, a precursor to arrogance and hubris. We should not start deluding ourselves that we're the third most powerful nation on Earth just because we're sitting third in the medals table. Luckily, most Brits have a saving sense of irony. The Games are only games. Those pink and purple outfits the Olympic volunteers wear set the tone. So did the humour in Danny Boyle's opening ceremony.
There's been something ever so slightly camp about these Olympics, a joke we can share, something to enjoy together but not to be taken too seriously. Runners in yellow shoes? That chap on the motorbike leading out the cyclists in the keirin? Britain winning medals? Pull the other one.
Humour wasn't much in evidence in the build-up to the Games. Columnists solemnly declared it our moment of truth, the 17 days that would tell the world, and ourselves, what Britain stood for. The completion of the Olympic Park venues ahead of schedule might have been taken as a good sign; the procession of the Olympic torch as a measure of the public's enthusiasm for the Games; Bradley Wiggins's victory in the Tour de France just a week before as a mark of how well our athletes might perform. But the mood was sceptical. Slightly panicked, too, as if a sporting festival begun 2,000-odd years ago in Athens might lead to Armageddon.
Would London be able to cope with the influx of visitors? What impression of Britain would our guests have if they suffered long queues at passport control, overcrowded trains and traffic gridlock caused by VIP lanes? Boris Johnson's voice could be heard at tube stations, warning of disruption. And motorway signs urged those travelling to Olympic events to allow plenty time and plan their journeys carefully.
But who were these people? It seemed very few people in Britain had succeeded in getting tickets, no matter how many hours they'd spent on the Locog website. Resentment mounted.
I felt it myself, not just for failing to get tickets, but because of what was happening where I live in south London, where most of Greenwich Park was closed for three months in order to stage the equestrian events and where ground-to-air missiles were installed on Blackheath. The missiles were allegedly there to combat any terrorist attack, but their mere presence was scary.
At the 1972 Munich Olympics, 11 Israeli athletes and coaches had been shot dead. Would security be any tighter 40 years on? When G4S admitted that it could not provide the 10,000 security staff it had been paid millions of pounds to recruit, the omens looked grim. The spiralling cost of the Games, the bullying demands of corporate sponsors, the ineptitude when a bus bringing a visiting team from Heathrow to Stratford got lost because the driver couldn't operate his satnav – Sebastian Coe's great dream was threatening to become a nightmare. And it wouldn't stop raining.
The opening ceremony lifted spirits. Even if you missed the history lesson underpinning it, about our transformation from smock-clad-peasants-round-a-maypole feudalism, through smoking-chimneys industrial revolution, to digital togetherness, the spectacle was terrific. Children trampolining on NHS beds while the Queen parachuted into the Olympic stadium with James Bond – it was eccentric, bonkers even, but very GB.
Our early hosting when competition began wasn't encouraging, however. The North Korean women's football team walked off the pitch when the South Korean flag was displayed instead of their own. Worse was the sight of rows of empty seats. Was it foreign sports federations that were failing to use them? Or corporate sponsors? Whichever, it was a disgrace.
Miserabilism was growing, and things weren't much brighter for Team GB. After Mark Cavendish failed to deliver on the first day, Lizzie Armitstead in the cycling road race and Rebecca Adlington in the 400m freestyle gave us a modicum of respectability, with a silver and a bronze. But next day it got worse again, when Tom Daley and partner screwed up their fourth dive.
Our swimmers took their failures in good heart; one recommended swimming as a way of staying fit. This wasn't the ruthlessness billions of lottery money had been spent on. Even Ben Ainslie, one of our gold certs, was struggling. By the end of the fourth day, Team GB was a lowly 20th in the medals table. Though our athletes praised the crowd for their tremendous support, the pressure seemed to be getting to them. Home disadvantage.
Day five brought a gold at last, for our women double scullers. And the sun came out for Bradley Wiggins. Team GB climbed to 11th in the medals table. Next day was even better. Three golds – Chris Hoy and team in the cycling, Peter Wilson in the double trap (clay pigeon shooting), and a gold and silver in the men's canoe slalom. By the end of the day we were up to fifth in the table.
Still, no one could have predicted what happened last Saturday, 4 August 2012, a day to match or even eclipse 30 July 1966 in British sporting history: six gold medals in one day, and three athletics golds (Jessica Ennis, Mo Farah, Greg Rutherford) in a single evening session.
The roar in the Olympic stadium was extraordinary. Over at Wimbledon, as Andy Murray reached the tennis final, a new chant went up: Gee-Bee clap-clap-clap, Gee-Bee clap-clap-clap. When the men's football team went out the way our national teams always do – in a penalty shoot-out in the quarter finals – it seemed inconsequential, comical even, not a cause for grief. There was too much else to delight in.
The delight isn't just a matter of winning medals, but it helps. And British success has continued through the second week: the fabulous Brownlee brothers, Chris Hoy, Laura Trott, Jason Kenny, Nicola Adams, Jade Jones and many more. Bums on seats were always a good bet for British medals; our boats, bikes and horse riders tend to do well. But gymnastics? Boxing? Taekwondo? The triathlon? Our national self-image has been severely challenged. We thought we were losers. And we're not.
Some of the failures were equally enthralling. So, too, was seeing the joy of less privileged nations as their athletes won gold, or hearing stories of competitors overcoming adversity (injury, bankruptcy, bereavement) during their preparations. Accusations of cheating have been few. And if Team GB has benefited in those sports where judges give marks (equestrianism, boxing, gymnastics), that's par for the course with host nations.
There have been few drug scandals, so far. One US coach insinuated that 16-year-old Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen's world record was "disturbing". But when 15-year-old Katie Ledecky won the 800m freestyle for the US, he kept his mouth shut. Another swimming gold was won by 15-year-old Lithuanian Ruta Meilutyte, trained in Plymouth. Teenage success has been a big story at these games. At 23, Rebecca Adlington says she's now too old.
Have the Games been an escape from reality? Not for athletes and their coaches but for the rest of us, yes, of course. The economy's still a mess, Syria is at war with itself, and David Cameron is prime minister. But for 17 days we could forget all that. The broadsheets and tabloids became one long sports section. Even the news on Radio 3 one day began with a couple of sports stories. If we'd landed on Mars no one would have noticed. We did land on Mars? I must have missed it.
Those of us without tickets had to rely on television and Radio 5. This was the first digital Olympics, and the red button gave us unprecedented freedom: the right to roam, if only the length of the sofa. With due allowance for jingoism, the BBC coverage was generally excellent, and atoned for its performance at the Queen's diamond jubilee.
Inevitably some of the commentary was vacuous ("He gave that everything" – it's the Olympics, stupid, why wouldn't he?) and I swear I heard Tim Henman say that Andy Murray beat Roger Federer by forcing him into unforced errors. But few athletes were described as having medalled, and none of having podiumed. The women commentators and analysts (Hazel Irvine, Denise Lewis and, above all, Clare Balding) came out top, overshadowing John Inverdale and that bland punster Gary Lineker.
And the athletes were so well behaved. Win or lose, they'd walk straight from competing to give interviews. Goldie Sayers, the British javelin thrower, broke down with an injury during her event, then broke down in tears in front of the camera. Victoria Pendleton was tearful too. Some of the losers spoke of the four-year "journey" they'd been on and apologised for letting us down.
They needn't have. The vast majority of Olympic competitors are bound to leave empty-handed. For many of those athletes who broke into smiles as they entered the stadium during the opening ceremony, that was as good as it got. By next lunchtime, some of them had already been eliminated.
Much of the talk about legacy and the next generation is hollow. It is hard to see how young people in my area, for instance, will have been inspired by the dressage event at Greenwich. And I'm not sure I want them to be inspired by the shooting competitions that took place in Woolwich. But plenty of other Team GB successes are inspiring.
And we've also learned about sports we don't excel at, such as handball, which ought to be introduced at every school in the country (all you need is a ball and a set of goalposts). We're as sports mad as the Aussies just now and we should build on that. Academic achievements won't suffer if PE is given more time on the curriculum. They might even flourish. Mens sana in corpore sano.
Come Monday, many of us are going to feel very flat. But there are images that will live on: the amazement on sculler Katherine Copeland's face (reminiscent of Kelly Holmes in Athens) when she realised she'd just won gold and mouthed to her partner Sophie Hosking "We're going to be on a stamp"; the Russian high jumper Ivan Ukhov failing to find the competitor's vest he'd removed after a previous jump and clearing the bar in a floppy T-shirt instead; the women heptathletes linking hands as they paraded round the stadium with Jessica Ennis; Usain Bolt's sprint double and David Rudisha's 800m world record; Bradley's sideburns, Jessica's smile. Most of us alive today won't experience another Olympics in this country. Like all good things – like parties, like the 100m, like life itself – the Games will soon be over, and far too quick. But the Paralympics are still to come. And I have tickets for those.
Just a couple of days ago we celebrated Earth Day, a day to take some time and appreciate this place we call home by spreading “green” awareness. Being eco-friendly or “green” has become an important topic to a lot of people in recent years. Companies have noticed this and have been making strides to be more green to appease the people.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has released a slew of lists including “Top 20 tech & Telecom,” “Top 20 retail,” National Top 50,” and more. One company that we are happy to see on a couple lists is Microsoft. Their name appears in second place on the “Top 20 Tech & Telecom” and “National Top 50” lists, just behind Intel on both. Microsoft's assets include biomass, small-hydro, solar, and wind.
We're glad to see Microsoft on the list, but what about their partners and competitors? On the “National Top 50“ Intel leads the charge at #1, Apple is at #10, and…that's it. Nokia, Google, Motorola, Samsung, HTC, Asus, and HP are not on the list. In the more specific “Top 20 tech & Telecom“ list Motorola, Samsung, and Nokia do appear.
It's very interesting to see what companies are putting an emphasis on being green. Intel, Microsoft, and Apple seem to be doing a good job, but many of the other tech companies could be doing more. Does knowing your favorite company is green (or not) affect your buying decision?
Note: This post has been updated to reflect that Smith was a member of the Independent Democratic Conference, which dropped him after he was charged.
Disgraced former state Senate Majority Leader Malcolm Smith was sentenced to seven years in prison Wednesday, closing another chapter in Albany's scandal-tarred recent history.
NY1 reported that he is scheduled to surrender to authorities Sept. 21.
Smith, who shepherded the Senate during the Democrats' brief grip on power in 2009 up until the Senate coup, was convicted by a federal jury in February of trying to bribe his way onto the Republican ticket in the 2013 New York City mayoral race.
Former Queens Republican Party Vice Chair Vincent Tabone and former New York City Councilman Daniel Halloran also were convicted for their roles in the scheme.
Smith left the Senate Democratic Conference to join the Independent Democratic Conference, which later dropped him after he was charged, though he remained a member of the Legislature through last year. State Sen. Leroy Comrie defeated Smith in the September primary.
Prior to Wednesday's sentencing, Smith filed court papers asking for leniency and calling himself a humbled and broken man.
Smith is just one of Albany's formerly most powerful figures to fall into the crosshairs of U.S. Attorney for the Southern District Preet Bharara.
Both former Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate Republican Leader Dean Skelos were slapped with federal charges during the latest legislative session, leading them to step aside from their leadership positions. The pair remain members of the rank and file.
Top Senate Republican Tom Libous faces a federal trial this month. Libous, who has been battling cancer, spent much of the year away from Albany as he tended to his health.
The trial of State Sen. John Sampson is currently ongoing, though in the Eastern District. Sampson took over the reigns of the Senate Democrats from Smith following the coup.
Update: Tabone got three and a half years for his role in the scheme. Bharara's office sent out these tweets after the sentencings:
Bharara: Bribes & kickbacks should never play a role in the selection of candidates for public office 1/2 — US Attorney SDNY (@SDNYnews) July 1, 2015
Roland Kr ger has skied to the South Pole. Twice. The second time, solo. Spending 55 days on skis, tackling an unrelenting uphill slog from sea level to more than 9,000 feet across the vast, white, empty underbelly of the planet, is something that requires gritty determination, stoic self-reliance, and unwavering self-belief. Which probably makes Roland Kr ger well-suited to being the man now running Infiniti.
Infiniti started life in 1985 as Project Horizon, a task force set up inside Nissan to create a new luxury performance brand for the U.S. market. The Infiniti brand was announced in 1987, and its first car, the Q45 sedan, was launched in 1989.
The Q45 was equally sophisticated and well-built as the Lexus LS 400 that was launched the same year, and it was also more entertaining to drive. But while the LS 400 is remembered as the car that sent Mercedes-Benz into a tailspin, forcing expensive last-minute engineering changes to the W140 S-Class, the Q45 is mostly remembered for having an ad campaign that didn't show the car and a badge like a Texas belt buckle instead of a grille.
View 22 Photos
Nissan, like Toyota, had spent a lot of time, talent, and money developing a sedan that in terms of technical expertise and quality execution was the equal of anything from the luxury car establishment. Only problem was, like Toyota, Nissan didn't truly understand what it had labored so mightily to create. Before long the Infiniti badge had been slapped on quotidian Pathfinders and Primeras gussied up with wood 'n' leather interiors.
Rebuilding the Infiniti brand DNA is going to take consistency over a long period of time.
Luxury is where the real money is in the car business these days. Luxury or premium brands only total 10 to 12 percent of overall vehicle sales worldwide, but they account for a hefty 50 percent of global auto industry profits. The math is compelling: With a few notable exceptions, there is a surprisingly small difference between a luxury car and a rental lot queen in terms of basic design, engineering, hardware, and manufacturing costs.
Green Up! is the first Eco-Award scheme for mosques and Islamic groups in the United Kingdom. It is part of Green Up My Community! a joint campaign with FEMYSO (Federation of Muslim Youth & Student Organisations) across eight European countries.
“We are very excited to be launching this new initiative, something that has never been done at the European level,” says Intissar Kherigi, FEMYSO Vice President. “European Muslim youth have twice the reasons to be green and ethical consumers — based on a shared humanity and based on their faith, which encourages them to care for the earth and for their fellow human beings around the world.”
The parent organization of Green Up! is the Muslim Agency for Development Education in Europe (MADE). MADE is a UK-based Muslim-led movement of young people who want to see their communities leading the fight against global poverty and injustice. As stated on MADE's website,
“Our response is rooted in the Islamic traditions of social action, justice and environmental stewardship. It's about being smart, ethical and green in the way we live.
“Our individual choices and actions have a huge impact on the lives of people across the world. By starting with changing ourselves, we can help bring about the world that Islam envisions – a world free from injustice and poverty.”
“Allah does not change the condition of a people unless they change themselves”
[Quran 13:11]
“Putting the Green Back In Our Deen”
The goals of the Green Up! Campaign are to support mosques wanting to become more environmentally sustainable, cutting their carbon footprints, helping to save them money, and helping to protect the planet. As they say, working towards “putting the green back in our deen [religion].” To do this, they are helping mosques identify funding for environmental initiatives in their local area, and are including them in the growing network of masjids that are involved, ensuring they receive updates on new green initiatives, such as the exciting new Cambridge Eco-Mosque.
The Cambridge Eco-Mosque is a new green building project to replace the outdated community mosque in Cambridge. It will be naturally lit throughout the year from the large skylights integrated into the design, in addition to being very well-insulated and heated and cooled using energy efficient and locally generated energy from ground source heat pumps. The latest conservation technologies, as well as green roofs are being used, so that there will be an almost zero carbon footprint.
“The World Is Green and Sweet, and Allah Has Appointed You as Guardians Over It to See How You Behave” – The Prophet Muhammad
The Green Up! Campaign and Eco-Award is an opportunity for Muslims to demonstrate Islam's leadership on the current environmental crises causing loss of life and widespread destruction of the global natural landscape. After registering and downloading the Green Up! Toolkit, organizations are then contacted to complete a simple assessment form letting Green Up! know more about what they'd like to achieve. The toolkit contains details about the initiatives available to support mosques and groups in their new green efforts.
Green Up! Representatives then visit each group, assisting them with plan formulation. Documentation required to qualify for the Green Up! Award is determined, and collected by participants along the way in their progress. After completion of goals, the Green up! Team returns again, evaluates progress, confirms success, and issues the exciting Green Up! Eco-Award.
An International Host Of Prominent Islamic Leaders Lend Their Support
The Green Up! Eco-Award campaign for mosques and Islamic groups is hosted by many prominent community leaders including:
● Mufti Ismail Menk (Mufti, Zimbabwe)
● Shaykh Waleed Basyouni (Vice President, Al Maghrib Institute)
● Shaykh Abdal Hakim Murad (Dean, Cambridge Muslim College)
● Julie Siddiqi (Executive Director of Islamic Society of Britain)
● Farooq Murad (Secretary General of Muslim Council of Britain)
● Ustadha Zaufishan Iqbal (The EcoMuslim)
Green Up!
If you or your mosque are in the UK, consider registering for this great campaign. As part of the Green Up! Scheme you'll be joining a nationwide community of Muslims who are working hard to live up to Islam's high environmental standards. God willing, soon all mosques will be eco-mosques!
Keep up to date with all the eco-spirituality news here on EdenKeeper. Subscribe to our newsletter to never miss a story.
See updates below
Twitter has been flooded with reports that Noor Group, which had been the last Internet service provider in Egypt still offering access to the Internet, has been taken offline.
Renesys, which provides "Internet intelligence" and data on Internet operations, confirms that it has observed Noor Group down as of 20:46 UTC.
Renesys wrote, "As of approximately 20:46 UTC, four hours after this blog was first published, Noor started disappearing from the Internet. They are completely unavailable at present."
As we reported earlier today, Noor Group, which has around 8% market share, had been the only Internet provider in the country still offering access to the Internet. Egypt's other ISPs, such as Etisalat Misr, Link Egypt, Telecom Egypt, and Raya, shut off the country's connection to the Internet last week (See a visualization of the country's web blackout here).
There has been speculation that Noor had remained online because of the high-profile, economically-relevant customers that it services. Noor's clients include institutions that are crucial to the country's financial industry, including the Egyptian stock exchange, Commercial International Bank of Egypt, and the National Bank of Egypt.
In a blog post on Friday, Renesys observed Noor Group "still has 83 out of 83 live routes to its Egyptian customers, with inbound transit from Telecom Italia as usual."
One Twitter user suggested that Noor may be discriminating in the way it has set about shutting off Internet access--@Invisiblella tweeted, "noor.net shut all EXCEPT NTG, the National Technology Group providing IT processing to the aviation, banking and financial sectors."--though this is unconfirmed.
Renesys reports that Noor has not made any exceptions: "Every prefix originating or transiting Noor is currently unavailable. NTG is no exception," the company told The Huffington Post.
The president and CEO of the Internet Society, a nonprofit organization that aims to develop Internet standards and policy, condemned Egypt's Internet shutdown in a statement. "The Internet Society considers this recent action by the Egyptian government to block Internet traffic to be an inappropriate response to a political crisis," wrote Internet Society chief Lynn St. Amour. "It is a very serious decision for a government to block all Internet access in its country, and a serious intrusion into its citizens' basic rights to communicate. If the blockage continues, it will have a very detrimental impact on Egypt's economy and society. Ultimately, the Egyptian people and nation are the ones that will suffer, while the rest of the world will be worse off with the loss of Egyptian voices on the net."
UPDATE:An Internet user in Cairo reports that Noor DSL was inaccessible earlier today. When contacted by the user, Noor's tech support said the network was experiencing "technical problems" that would take several hours to resolve.
Follow Egypt's Internet activity via RIPEstat.
See how you can help Egypt get back online here. Email us tips at egypt@huffingtonpost.com.
LOOK: A chart of the availability of Noor Group's networks via Renesys
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson thought he had a way to create a system of universal health care to cover millions of uninsured Americans. In 2003, he helped set up a charity to test his bold idea and build a fund of contributions to dole out to needy patients.
Long before he considered a presidential bid, the world famous neurosurgeon envisioned building Angels of the OR into an endowment that would generate enough interest income to cover uninsured patients expenses for neurological surgeries and other medical costs. He even pitched the idea to a congressional subcommittee in 2006, testifying that a small federal grant could help the charity prove that the concept could work on a grander scale.
“We're looking forward to a time when we can use our God-given talents once again to stomp out disease and maybe even help to create a model for national medical access,” he told a House appropriations subcommittee.
But it didn't work out that way: The national fund did not materialize, and over nine years of operation, Angels of the OR [Operating Room] generated less than $150,000 for patient care and helped 34 patients cover portions of their medical bills, according to its tax forms. Carson had said he wanted to raise as much as $20 million in seed money, but the charity collected less than $1 million from donations and celebrity-studded events — like a private benefit headlined by Kenny Rogers and the 2003 film premiere of “Stuck on You,” in which Carson made a cameo appearance.
Angels of the OR spent $1.03 million during its life span, and at least 53 percent of its funds went to salaries and fundraising costs, according to POLITICO's review of its records.
The charity shut down in 2013 when Carson stepped down as director of pediatric neurosurgery at Johns Hopkins Hospital.
Story Continued Below
It was a quiet end to an effort that Carson once described as “revolutionary” and destined to help solve the problem of providing medical services to the needy. In his 2007 book, “Take the Risk,” Carson suggested that if the nation could set aside one of every seven health care dollars into such an endowment for at least a decade, the result would be a $3 trillion health care fund, “large enough to fund American health care forever.”
But he hasn't yet mentioned the idea of a health care endowment on the presidential campaign trail. Instead, his discussion of health care has focused on scalding critiques of President Barack Obama's health care law and a pitch for a system of health savings accounts to take the place of entitlement programs like Medicare and Medicaid. He suggested in recent weeks that he'll soon unveil a new health care plan. And despite a deep-seated commitment to the power of charity — his much-praised Carson Scholars Fund has awarded more than $4.2 million in scholarships to 6,700 students, according to its website — Carson hasn't cited Angels of the OR in his health care plans. The Carson campaign declined to comment for this story.
Joseph Chadwick Jr., an investment adviser and former president of Angels of the OR, called the charity “modestly successful. We gave it a try.”
He told POLITICO the organization wound down because donors expected Obama's health reform to take care of the problems the charity was trying to address.
“Because it wasn't really going anywhere, and we felt it would be some time before we could get effective interest because of the belief that the Affordable Care Act was going to take care of these issues, we then put it into a passive category,” Chadwick said.
Susan Thompson, a nonprofit administrator who served as the charity's executive director for less than a year, described it as a well-intentioned effort that never gained traction. She said most decision-making was “driven by the board of directors” and that the organization functioned in “fits and starts.”
Experts in nonprofit management who discussed the charity's tax forms with POLITICO said Angels of the OR never developed a sound business plan and spent much of its early income on fundraising and personnel rather than patients.
“There is no clear pattern of operation here,” said Christine W. Letts, a senior lecturer in nonprofit leadership at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. “It is clear that they never had consistent fundraising, and in the later years, it dwindled to very little.”
Mike Burns, a consultant with BWB Solutions, a national consulting firm in Branford, Connecticut, called the charity's grants “disproportionately small” compared to its expenses, especially in 2008, when it spent only $10,000 on what its tax returns categorized as “patient services.”
“The rule of thumb is 75 percent toward program-related initiatives and 25 percent for administrative stuff,” said Will Brown, a professor and director of the nonprofit management program at the Bush School of Government and Public Service at Texas A&M University.
Desiree Adaway, a 30-year veteran of nonprofit management, said Carson's charity may have fallen into a trap faced by thousands of nonprofits. Heavy startup costs drain money, then donations fall off. “A lot of them are floundering because they don't have resources,” she said.
Chadwick told POLITICO that almost all of the money spent on patient services went into a “patient relief fund” operated by Johns Hopkins, which performed largely the same function as Carson's charity — covering costs of care for patients who couldn't afford it on their own. The charity paid $135,000 into the Hopkins fund.
But Lynn Salganik, a Maryland consultant who worked as treasurer for Angels of the OR, said its tax records do not reflect the full range of assistance it provided patients. She said it arranged for no-cost care for many patients without having to use its own funds. “A mention of Dr. Carson, that would open doors,” she said.
Carson originally set up the medical charity as the Benevolent Endowment Network, or BEN Fund, with an emphasis on children. He and another Johns Hopkins Hospital neurosurgeon, Clifford T. Solomon, expanded the project to cover medically needy adults and changed the charity's to name to Angels of the OR. Solomon, who testified alongside Carson at the House hearing in 2006, did not return phone calls. He is not listed as a Carson campaign donor. Today, Solomon leads the University of Maryland Baltimore Washington Spine & Neuroscience Center.
In describing its mission, the charity said it hoped “to conduct a range of surgeries at Johns Hopkins Hospital, to finalize legal issues and apply/secure for insurance coverage, [and] to develop approach to request congressional funding award.”
In March 2006, Carson and Solomon testified before the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education and Related Agencies, asking for a “small investment of federal dollars.” Both doctors described desperate patients who needed brain surgeries but could not get medical attention without insurance. The charity's filings show no record that any such appropriation ever came. Carson testified that he had invested $70,000 of his own money to get the charity going, but after its first year, the nonprofit did not list its donors.
Carson and Solomon said during their committee appearance that they had spoken to celebrities like cyclist Lance Armstrong and former Tennessee Sen. Bill Frist, another doctor-turned-politician, about securing support for their effort. The charity held a December 2006 fundraising event at Baltimore's Hippodrome headlined by Kenny Rogers, according to a news account.
Carson testified that he grew discouraged by the financial struggles faced by uninsured patients. “This reached the point where I was about to leave medicine about six years ago and then came up with the idea of creating an endowment, the interest of which could be used to take care of such people,” he said.
But Angels of the OR operated at a deficit after its first two years. It invested in furnishing a Baltimore office and establishing a website that included an application for medical assistance.
It paid out $50,000 for “patient services” in 2006 and $15,000 in 2007, the tax filings show.
Contributions fell off in 2008, and the charity spent $12,500 to help 15 patients in 2008 and 2009, according to its tax forms. It tried to reduce overhead costs by turning over some of its work to another charity, the Baltimore Community Foundation, which charged it $12,000 in fees, according to foundation spokeswoman Gigi Wirtz.
In 2010, the group reported helping five patients, allocating $2,837. That same year, it spent $4,832 to purchase tiles from Hopkins' historic dome that it could resell to raise funds.
The charity's endowment — which was supposed to be a vehicle for generating interest income — peaked at $372,902 in 2006 and dwindled to $13,503 by 2011. The fund never earned more than $7,200 a year from investments, which included, at one point, $2,274 of Coca-Cola stock, according to the tax forms.
The organization's website highlighted 10 success stories, including how the organization helped a family pay its deductible for a daughter's MRI, gave $5,000 to help a 47-year-old Virginia man pay out-of-pocket expenses for brain tumor surgery and funded $5,000 for a woman who needed a transfusion. The descriptions acknowledged that Angels of the OR defrayed only a fraction of the patients' medical costs for expensive procedures.
“Just a couple weeks ago, I remember seeing a young family, devastated, had just found out that their 5-year-old had multiple brain tumors,” Carson said in a 2008 promotional video in which he and Solomon appealed for donations. “There were multiple financial obstacles that precluded this patient from being able to be taken care of here. But through Angels of the OR we were able to overcome those obstacles. That child underwent successful surgery last week.”
Image copyright Scottish Government Image caption The baby box contains a range of essential products for newborn babies
Baby boxes containing essential items such as clothes, books and blankets are to be delivered to new mothers across Scotland for the first time.
The cardboard boxes also include a mattress and can be used for babies to sleep in as an alternative to a crib.
The Scottish government hopes the boxes will help ensure every baby is given the best possible start in life.
Baby boxes are already given out by some health authorities in other parts of the UK.
But the Scotland-wide rollout, which follows successful pilot projects in Orkney and Clackmannanshire, is the first time they will be available to all expecting mothers in one part of the country.
The Scottish government has given assurances that all of its baby boxes meet the highest UK safety standards for sleeping, with safe sleep guidance provided in a leaflet inside the box and safety guidelines also printed on the lid.
It follows concerns raised earlier this month by cot death charity The Lullaby Trust, whose chief executive Francine Bates said she was unhappy with some boxes being marketed as products which will reduce infant mortality and SIDS (sudden infant death syndrome).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption What's inside Scotland's baby boxes?
Lynsay Allan, executive director of the Scottish Cot Death Trust, said: "I am encouraged by the fact that Scotland's baby box scheme is prompting parents to think about their sleeping practices.
"While the proven safest place for a baby to sleep is in a cot, crib or Moses basket, I also recognise that the box can be used as a safe sleep space for newborn babies, particularly where families may have no alternative and where they might otherwise unsafely share their bed or sleep on a sofa or chair with their baby."
Expectant mothers due to give birth on or after 15 August have been able to register to receive their baby box at midwife appointments since June.
The boxes will be sent to the mother's home address or another preferred location from today.
From January of next year, the baby boxes will be delivered at least four weeks before the baby's due date.
What do parents think of the boxes?
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Coleen Groves: "The sling as well is really helpful, especially as a second time mum."
Colleen Groves, a mum-to-be who will be receiving one, told BBC Scotland: "I really like the idea of it being a safe sleeping space.
"I would probably use it more during the day, rather than at night-time. I would use it as a sort of living space for putting down for naps during the day.
"I think it is really nice that every baby is being given the same start and being given the same things.
"It's up to the parents whether they take the box or not because you do register for it. It's up to each individual to decide whether they want to make use of it or not."
Early Years Minister Mark McDonald said the Scottish government would continue to monitor feedback as the baby boxes reach more families, and would work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review.
And he said the boxes, which have largely been based on a similar scheme in Finland, were just one of a range of measures the government was using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months.
Scotland's chief medical officer, Dr Catherine Calderwood, said the boxes would also offer healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information.
Prof Russell Viner of the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health said child health in Scotland was among the worst in western Europe - with about 400 infants, children and young people dying each year, a significant number of which were potentially avoidable.
But he said evidence into the effectiveness of baby boxes in reducing child mortality was "limited".
Prof Viner added: "Therefore the initiative must be carefully evaluated and delivered alongside other policies.
"These include ensuring universal early-years public health services such as health visitors are prioritised, supported and properly funded, with targeted help for children and families living in poverty.
"Combining these efforts will improve child health and help bring Scotland's mortality rates into line with the best performing countries in Europe."
The Scottish government's poverty advisor, Naomi Eisenstadt, said that the boxes might be welcome for parents in poverty, but questioned whether offering them as a universal benefit was the best use of public money.
US considers splitting immigrant children from parents in immigration jails
By Eric London
23 December 2017
The Washington Post, citing unnamed government officials, reported Friday that the Trump administration is considering a proposal to tear immigrant children from their parents when families are captured crossing the US-Mexico border. A Department of Homeland Security (DHS) official told the Post that “People aren't going to stop coming unless there are consequences to illegal entry.”
According to the newspaper, the proposal to separate children from their parents is one of a series of measures under consideration targeting, in particular, Central American families and unaccompanied children entering the country. They include a crackdown on undocumented immigrants living in the US who send for their children. Data collected by the federal Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) is to be used to deport parents who seek to regain custody of their children from child internment facilities operated by HHS.
The Post writes: “The proposals, which have been presented for approval to new DHS (Department of Homeland Security) Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen, were developed by career officials at Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and other DHS agencies, administration officials said.”
The proposal comes as the number of young people and families crossing from Mexico into the US increases, with 7,018 families arrested attempting to cross the border in November, up 45 percent from October. The Post reports that the number of children crossing on their own (labeled “unaccompanied alien children” in government newspeak) was also up 26 percent. Tens of thousands of immigrants will spend Christmas in immigration jail, with DHS officials reporting that detention centers for both adults and children are at near maximum capacity.
The Trump administration has also implemented a number of other cruel measures against immigrants in recent weeks. Immigration officials fought to deny a young pregnant immigrant's request for an abortion after she was raped while crossing the border, though a court forced the government to honor her request for medical attention. Eighty percent of women immigrants crossing the US-Mexico border are raped along the way.
The Trump administration has quietly rounded up hundreds of Cambodian refugees, including many who fled the Khmer Rouge and who have lived in the United States since they were children. DHS transported many immigrants and moved them to remote detention facilities thousands of miles away from their families and lawyers in an attempt to intimidate them and prevent them from receiving legal representation.
Some 1,400 Iraqi immigrants arrested this summer remain locked up in detention centers across Michigan and Ohio, even though federal judges have repeatedly blocked their deportation on the grounds that many prospective deportees will be killed upon removal to Iraq.
All the while, the Trump administration is fanning the flames of far-right anti-immigrant chauvinism by portraying them as dangerous criminals. On Thursday, the Department of Justice and DHS published a report asserting that one fifth of federal prisoners are immigrants, of which more than 90 percent are undocumented. Attorney General Jeff Sessions said, “At the border and in communities across America, our citizens are being victimized by illegal aliens who commit crimes.”
A number of university and non-profit studies show that immigrants are far less likely to commit crimes than non-immigrants. Fifty percent of all federal criminal arrests are for immigration-related crimes, mostly for merely attempting to cross the border, which can mean years in prison. In 2004, only 28 percent of federal criminal arrests were for immigration offenses, but such prosecutions increased dramatically under the Bush and Obama administrations.
As the Trump administration ramps up its attacks on immigrants, opposition is growing to the Democratic Party's agreement to postpone debate on protecting 800,000 recipients of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. The Democrats have pledged their willingness to provide added funding for “border security,” which Republican leadership has accepted as the framework for negotiating an extension of the DACA program, which will expire in March per Trump's decision in September.
DACA recipients voiced their anger that the Democratic Party is using immigrant youth as bargaining chips and trading away the safety of other immigrants, including those crossing the border, in exchange for temporarily preventing their own deportation. One DACA recipient, addressing his remarks to Democratic Senate Majority Leader Charles Schumer, said, “Total lie and thank you for turning your back on us, sir, along with [Democratic House Minority Leader] Nancy [Pelosi]…”
Another said she “would be extremely upset” if the Democrats reached a deal to make it harder for family members to petition for their parents and relatives to gain legal status, a proposal that may become a part of a deal on DACA. “I wouldn't want to leave my mom hanging and I know plenty of parents waiting for their kids to turn 21 to petition them,” she said.
In a major political victory for the Trump administration, the Supreme Court unanimously blocked a lower court from demanding that the administration release internal documents relating to its decision to rescind the DACA program. The case involves a challenge to the legality of the DACA rescission. The Trump administration has released only 56 pages of internal documents in a clear effort to steamroll the lawsuit. The Supreme Court decision was without any dissent, meaning Democratic justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan are all helping the Trump administration block the challenge.
Breitbart News praised the decision as a “victory,” writing “the unanimous decision threw out orders by a federal trial judge and the Ninth Circuit appeals court requiring disclosure of sensitive government documents—papers which may include communications with President Donald Trump about the decision to end the amnesty program.”
If the political fate of immigrants is left in the hands of the Democratic Party, the lives of millions will remain at risk in the next round of horse-trading. Socialists reject the reactionary framework of the immigration “debate” and demand immediate citizenship for all DACA recipients and permanent protection from deportation for their families. All immigrants have the right to live wherever they chose without fear of harassment or deportation.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
This is the fourth in a series of weekly blog posts covering conservation topics with a focus on protected areas and the laws and institutions that support them (or don't).
For the past four years, members of Congress have debated whether or not to allow border patrol agents additional access to public lands for national security purposes.
In 2011, an act with a pro-conservation title (H.R. 1505: the National Security and Federal Lands Protection Act) was introduced. The proposed bill would grant the U.S. Customs and Border Protection access to all public lands within 100 miles of the U.S. borders of Mexico and Canada. Within these large swaths of land, sixteen environmental laws would be waived including the Endangered Species Act, the Wilderness Act, and the National Environmental Protection Act (NEPA). Why? So that the border agents could patrol, build roads, fences, or other infrastructure for national security purposes without the burden of cumbersome environmental regulations. Later that year, the bill was amended to only apply to lands within 100 miles of the US-Mexico border. Various iterations of the bill have been proposed for the last several years, but nothing has been passed. I'm going to call all of the related bills the “border bill” for simplicity.
What is the latest on the border bill?
H.R. 399 and S. 208 are active bills currently being considered by Congress. Pew has created a map to show the lands that this bill would affect. As you can see on the map, the border bills would allow access to iconic parks such as Saguaro, Big Bend, and Carlsbad Caverns National Parks.
A separate but related border bill in Arizona (S. 750: Arizona Borderlands Protection and Preservation Act) would allow patrolling, surveillance, and equipment deployment in border lands. However, there is no mention of infrastructure or other construction in the full text. The map here shows the lands that this bill would affect.
What is so interesting about this legislation? Like many political debates, this is all about values, pitting national security and immigration reform against public land management and environmental stewardship.
Proponents of the bill argue that the government should do everything in its power to protect national security. They argue that immigration is out of control and that the border should be secured by any means necessary. Debates can get testy. Recently, John McCain responded to a question from Senator Carper of Delaware about the bill: “In all due respect, frankly, I don't give a damn if somebody that lives in Delaware doesn't like my efforts.” Proponents see immigrants as a threat to national security; border crossings are also linked to exacerbated drug and human trafficking.
Opponents, however, state that this bill would be destructive to the environment. Because the bill would waive environmental laws, the Customs and Border Patrol could avoid completing Environmental Impact Assessments required by NEPA which often delay projects but also allow for more environmentally friendly project design. Because these border bills waive the Endangered Species Act, arguably the strongest conservation law in the U.S. (if not the world), endangered species found in these areas could be put at substantial risk. Infrastructure projects – roads, fences, helipads, patrol bases – could themselves fragment habitat and disturb wildlife in sensitive areas.
These border bills, if passed, would constitute a systemic downgrade of protected areas such as National Parks and National Monuments. Downgrades are one type of legal change encapsulated in the concept of PADDD – protected area downgrading, downsizing, and degazettement. You can explore the myriad protected areas that these border bills could affect on PADDDtracker.org.
If passed, it is unknown exactly how much of a toll these bills would take on the environment and to what extent they would enhance security. Although the bill does provide Customs and Border Patrol with access to large swaths of land, the agency may not effectively need access to very distant areas from the border. It is possible that the debate about the border bills is a NIMBY (not in my backyard) issue – constituents of Arizona and other border states may feel differently about the border security issue because it is more of a local concern for them.
It is difficult to summarize this complex issue. Overall, values are driving the political dispute over border security and public lands. Given the current political climate, the border bill debate is likely to continue without a resolution.
Street vendors must skirt the law to make a living.
One day last year, as she was handing tamales to a customer, a police officer grabbed them, threw them back at her and threatened to arrest her if she continued to sell on 26th street.
Each afternoon in Chicago's Little Village neighborhood, 70-year-old Cuala resumes her quiet game of cat-and-mouse with police. After spending a few hours openly hawking cool drinks or hot chocolates from a cart, the street vendor (who declined to give her last name because of legal concerns) stocks an unmarked cooler with tamales, making furtive lunch sales to customers in the know. The stealth tactic reduces her profits, but lessens the chance that she will be arrested and ticketed: While the sale of drinks and packaged desserts is legal, street vendors like Cuala are prohibited from selling prepared foods in Chicago.
Though carts offering tamales, elotes, cut fruit and other treats are a common sight on Chicago streets, the Windy City is one of the few major metropolises that won't grant such vendors business licenses, citing the difficulty of regulation and potential health concerns. As a result, street vendors, many of whom are poor immigrants, are subject to harassment from police, arrest and punishing fines of up to $1,000.
Some, like Cuala, resort to subterfuge; others vend only in the early morning, when police officers known for targeting vendors aren't on the beat; others dash off the street whenever a police car approaches.
Whatever the strategy, the result is the same: Vendors, many of whom have already been shut out of the formal economy because of their age, childcare responsibilities, language barriers or immigration status, are forced to remain in the shadows. Street vendors and their advocates say that the ongoing threat of arrest represents a major barrier to growing vending businesses enough to make a decent living. It also takes a psychological toll on vendors.
Cuala once worked temporary jobs, but can no longer get hired: “They don't want anybody old,” she says. She began selling tamales seven years ago. But one day last year, as she was handing tamales to a customer, a police officer grabbed them, threw them back at her and threatened to arrest her if she continued to sell on 26th street, the bustling thoroughfare that runs through Little Village.
Since then, Cuala has been in “constant fear” when police pass by and sells her tamales more surreptitiously. But her new strategy can yield as little as $80 each day, she says, whereas when she sold in the open, she made up to $200. The result, she says, is that it's now impossible to save money, and she and two adult nephews whom she lives with must get by “day by day.”
All this could change soon. Arguing that street vending is an inextricable part of the fabric of city life, a coalition of vendors, labor activists and community groups are advocating a City Council ordinance that would legalize vending.
The law would allow vendors to register their businesses and operate in the open. In return, they would be required to cook in a city-inspected kitchen, rather than in their homes or on the street. Street vendors were initially included in the ordinance that legalized food trucks in Chicago two years ago, but were dropped from the final version. The move that disappointed advocates who hoped to see vendors granted the same rights as their food-truck brethren, who often have greater access to start-up capital and cater to a wealthier clientele.
But the street vendor coalition eventually authored its own ordinance, which was introduced by 26th ward Alderman Roberto Maldonado in May. The City Council's license and consumer protection committee is now studying it, and advocates hope to coordinate a major push for passage this fall.
However, the proposal could face opposition from the restaurant industry, warns Beth Kregor, director of the University of Chicago Law School's Institute for Justice Clinic on Entrepreneurship, which helped draft the ordinance. There's a history, she explains, of antagonism towards street vending from brick-and-mortar businesses that believe that it will eat into their profits or that the presence of vendors will decrease the “desirability” of city streets. Such business interests often hold considerable sway with local politicians.
But Kregor is hopeful that City Council members will recognize the proposed ordinance as “a great way to allow people in our city who have great ideas and great recipes—but a small budget—to earn a living.”
Street vendors can also increase the availability of fresh food in low-income neighborhoods, she says. “It's kind of perverse in this city that we worry about peoples' access to healthy foods, and then we ban people … from selling soup on a cart in neighborhoods where there aren't grocery stores.”
Activists in Los Angeles, the only other major city that outlaws street vending, are currently in the midst of a similar fight for an ordinance that would legalize vending and allow vendors to come out of the shadows.
But the experiences of vendors in cities such as New York show that legalization is just the beginning of the fight.
According to the Street Vendor Project (SVP), an New York-based membership and advocacy organization, vendors still face a host of issues, including confusing regulations that lead to onerous tickets and fines, ongoing police harassment and attempts to pass ordinances excluding vendors from operating in certain wealthy neighborhoods.
One example of police harassment is the ticketing of children who are helping to tend their families' carts. “I got my first ticket [for vending without a license] when I was 11 years old,” recalls Clementina, a member of the New York City street vendor organization Vamos Unidos, in a video distributed by the organization. “One of our youth even got arrested for taking care of their parents' business.”
SVP and other community organizations in New York also say that immigrant vendors are still profiled and singled out for tickets and fines. For this reason, many organizers see the fight for fair treatment of street vendors as part and parcel of broader ones for police accountability and immigrant justice. Many vendors are also undocumented, and thereby find themselves criminalized twice over. Though Chicago and Los Angeles are both ostensibly “sanctuary cities” where local policy discourages police from calling in immigration authorities, vendors say that certain police regularly threaten to do so, nonetheless.
In Chicago, as well, legalization alone is unlikely to remove all barriers preventing immigrant and low-income vendors from making a decent living. In particular, the ordinance's stipulation that vendors must cook in certified kitchens could prove an onerous requirement for many poor vendors, given the paucity and expense of such kitchens.
The Street Vendors' Association (Asociacion de Vendedores Ambulantes, or AVA) hopes to partner with churches and other community organizations to make more kitchens available to some 1,500 vendors across the city. Eventually, explains AVA Vice President Vicky Lugo, the association wants to buy or gain access to kitchens for vendors to run cooperatively. One such cooperative is in the works in Little Village, where an AVA member has purchased a closed-down restaurant.
Cuala, who recently became a member of AVA, hopes that passage of the street vendor ordinance would allow her to grow her business and begin saving money again. Most importantly, however, she hopes that she and other vendors will finally be able to sell on the streets “without fear.”
In These Times coverage of street vendors is part of Street Food: Meet the People Who Make It, a partnership with Feet in 2 Worlds and Oakland Local. This story was made possible in part by The Media Consortium and the Voqal Fund.
Arjan Singh, Marshal of the Indian Air Force and the only officer of the force to be promoted to five-star rank, died Saturday at the Army Research and Referral hospital in New Delhi. He was admitted to the hospital in a critical condition after he suffered a cardiac arrest this morning, the Defence Ministry said. He was being treated at the Cardiothoracic and Vascular Sciences Centre of the hospital.
Advertising
Singh, who led the IAF during the India-Pakistan war in 1965, is considered an icon and a war hero. He was visited by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Defence Minister Nirmala Sitharaman and chiefs of three forces in the hospital. The Punjab government has declared three days of mourning as mark of respect to the Marshal of IAF.
“India mourns the unfortunate demise of Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh. We remember his outstanding service to the nation. Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh's determined focus on capacity building in the IAF added great strength to our defence capabilities. India will never forget the excellent leadership of Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh in 1965, when the IAF saw substantial action,” said PM Modi in a series of tweets.
“Sometime back I met him, who despite his ill health tried to get up to salute even though I said no. Such was his soldier discipline. My thoughts are with his family & those mourning the demise of a distinguished air warrior & fine human, Marshal of the IAF Arjan Singh. RIP,” he added.
READ | Profile of IAF Marshal Arjan Singh
Singh was born on April 15, 1919 in undivided Punjab and went on to be selected for the Empire Pilot training course at RAF Cranwell in 1938 when he was just 19. He flew Westland Wapiti biplanes in the North Western Frontier Province as a member of the No.1 IAF Squadron as part of his first posting. He was promoted to the rank of Squadron Leader in 1944 and received the Distinguished Flying Cross the same year for successfully leading the squadron during combat. On 15 August 1947, he was given the honour of leading the fly-past of more than a hundred IAF aircraft over the Red Fort in the national capital. In August 1964, Singh took over as the Chief of Air Staff (CoAS) in the rank of Air Marshal.
“A testing time came in September 1965 when Pakistan launched Operation Grand Slam, in which an armoured thrust targeted the vital town of Akhnur, he was summoned into the Defence Minister's office with a request for air support. When asked how quickly the IAF will be ready for operations,he replied with his characteristic nonchalance,”…in an hour”. And true to his word, the Air Force struck the Pakistani offensive in an hour. He led the IAF through the war showing unparalleled leadership,” a government release said.
PHOTOS: PM Modi, Nirmala Sitharaman visit Arjan Singh in hospital
Known to be an officer who has flown over 60 aircraft throughout his service, he remained a flyer until the end of his illustrious career.
Following his retirement, Singh served as an ambassador to Switzerland in 1971, concurrently serving as the ambassador to Vatican as well. He was awarded the Padma Vibhushan for his leadership during the 1965 war.
Advertising
“Arjan Singh was and remains a source of inspiration to generations of Indians,” the government release said.
Cary Moon again extended her lead over Nikkita Oliver in Thursday returns as they vied for second place in Seattle's top-two mayoral primary.
Cary Moon extended her lead over Nikkita Oliver in Thursday's returns as they vied for second place in the primary election for Seattle mayor and a spot in the Nov. 7 general election.
Moon's advantage over Oliver in the crowded, 21-candidate race is now 2,578 votes, up from 1,978 in Wednesday returns.
The urban planner's share of the vote grew from 15.7 percent to 16.7 percent, while Oliver's share grew from 13.8 percent to 14.9 percent, as about 40,000 additional ballots were counted.
The top two finishers in the nonpartisan primary will advance.
While former U.S. Attorney Jenny Durkan held onto first place, her share of the vote fell from 31.5 percent Wednesday to 30.2 percent.
Former state Rep. Jessyn Farrell saw her share of the vote edge up slightly, to 12.4 percent.
Ballots will continue to be counted for several days. Results will be certified Aug. 15.
In a statement, Moon hailed the Thursday returns but again stopped short of claiming victory over Oliver, an attorney and educator.
She also took a swipe at Durkan, who's endorsed by prominent business groups, Mayor Ed Murray and several City Council members.
“I'm encouraged that close to 60 percent of Seattle's primary-election voters chose one of the five leading candidates who was not backed by big corporations and City Hall insiders,” Moon said.
Oliver's campaign had no comment Thursday.
In past Seattle elections, late ballots have helped candidates running left of their opponents.
Leading up to the primary, turnout looked low. By Thursday, however, 39 percent of Seattle registered voters had returned ballots. That's the best turnout for an off-year primary election in at least 20 years.
Machine recounts are mandatory when candidates are separated by fewer than 2,000 votes and also less than 0.5 percent of the total votes cast for both candidates. Manual recounts are mandatory when the gap is fewer than 150 votes and also less than 0.25 percent of the total votes cast for both candidates.
Candidates also can request recounts.
Information in this article, originally published Aug. 3, 2017, was corrected Aug. 9, 2017. A previous version incorrectly stated the circumstances under which a manual recount would be mandatory.
Baku, Azerbaijan, Dec. 27
Trend:
From the beginning of 2017 the intensive negotiation on strategic partnership between Azerbaijan and the EU will be launched, said Azerbaijani Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov in his interview with Azerbaijan's state news agency AzerTAc.
“Azerbaijan remains interested in the further development of equal and mutually beneficial cooperation with the EU,” he said. “For that reason Azerbaijan submitted to the EU a draft Agreement on strategic partnership between the Republic of Azerbaijan and European Union in the margins of Eastern Partnership Summit in Riga, May 21-22, 2015.”
Council of European Union has already given a mandate to the EU Commission to launch negotiations with the Republic of Azerbaijan on strategic partnership agreement.
“We consider that this new document will provide a legal framework to raise the level of bilateral relations to the strategic partnership and ensure comprehensive development of cooperation with the EU,” Mammadyarov said. “Currently, the delegations for the negotiations are under the formation. From the beginning of 2017 the intensive negotiation will be launched.”
Legal basis of the relations between the Republic of Azerbaijan and the European Union constitutes the Partnership and Cooperation Agreement signed on April 22, 1996 and entered into force on July 1, 1999.
Within this agreement large-scale cooperation in the fields of political dialogue, human rights, trade, investment, economy, legislation, cultural and other spheres are envisaged. During the last 20 years since the signing of the agreement Azerbaijan has established close and fruitful cooperation with the EU in many areas of mutual interest.
“Azerbaijan is a part of Eastern Partnership initiative of the EU since 2009,” he said. “Azerbaijan enjoys close economic and trade relations with the EU. Azerbaijan also remains a main trade partner of the EU in the South Caucasus region and the EU member states are major trade partners of us.”
“They are also among the major investors in Azerbaijan,” he said. “The strategic partnership ties were established between Azerbaijan and the nine EU member states.”
“There are ample prospects for the development of cooperation in energy security area as in all other fields between Azerbaijan and the EU,” Mammadyarov said. “On January 13, 2011, Joint Declaration on Southern Gas Corridor between Azerbaijan and the EU was signed as a result of implementation of Memorandum of Understanding.”
“Azerbaijan will be able to provide Europe with 10 billion cubic meters gas after 2018, 25-30 billion cubic meters gas per year from 2030 by starting this important project which will transport natural gas to European markets,” he said. “It means that Azerbaijan will contribute to the diversification of Europe's energy supply sources and energy security of Europe for the long term period.”
“In a newly adopted Global Strategy European Union has also identified that the sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity of states, the inviolability of borders are key elements of the European security order,” he said. “These principles apply to all states, both within and beyond the EU's borders.”
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
Paper ballots are not examined in Michigan unless a recount is requested by one of the candidates or close enough to be automatically triggered. (Photo: Detroit News file photo)
Lansing — The state's election director said there is no evidence that Michigan's presidential election results were manipulated or hacked amid concern from a group of computer scientists and election lawyers about that potential.
The group is urging former Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to request a recount of the election results in Michigan, Wisconsin and Pennsylvania, according to a report originally from New York magazine. They're concerned the election results may have been manipulated, according to the report.
One prominent computer scientist in the group, University of Michigan cybersecurity expert Alex Halderman, said in a blog post that an apparent discrepancy between pre-election polls and unofficial results were “probably not” due to a cyberattack.
But Halderman said the only way to know for sure is to conduct a recount of Michigan's paper ballots. He did not immediately return phone calls or emails from The Detroit News, but detailed his concerns in a blog post on Medium.com.
“The only way to know whether a cyberattack changed the result is to closely examine the available physical evidence — paper ballots and voting equipment in critical states like Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania,” Halderman wrote in a blog post.
“Unfortunately, nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act now, in the next several days, to petition for recounts.”
State law requires an automatic recount for races with margins of victory of 2,000 votes or lower. Losing candidates can request a recount of certain precincts, but must pay for the effort. The cost is $25 per precinct if the election is close or $125 per precinct if the election isn't close, said Fred Woodhams, spokesman for the Michigan Secretary of State's Office.
The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that Green Party candidate Jill Stein has raised $2 million to pursue recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin with a goal of raising $4 million. Michigan's deadline to request a recount is Monday. Stein would have to pay $125 per percinct since she didn't finish close to Republican President-elect Donald Trump, who has won by more than 10,000 votes over Clinton.
Michigan's elections director at the Secretary of State's Office downplayed concerns about a potential hack of the state's voting results because he said there is no evidence that has happened.
“Really, evidence needs to come forward showing that that has occurred,” Thomas said. “Then actions could be considered at that point. But to date, there's been no evidence. It's just conjecture, and I don't think that serves anyone's good purpose.”
Yet that's why Halderman, who is also director of Michigan's Center for Computer Security & Society, is calling for a recount: To make sure the results weren't hacked or manipulated.
In a sophisticated attack, Halderman said that hackers could inject malware into the software installed on voting machines — even potentially the optical scanners used in Michigan to tally voting results — without elections workers being able to tell.
Because voting machines are computers, hackers can alter their software with malware that can cause them “to give any answer whatsoever,” Halderman wrote.
U.S. voting machines “have serious cybersecurity problems,” he said, and this fact has been documented “beyond any doubt” in peer-reviewed articles and state-sponsored studies conducted by Halderman and other cybersecurity experts.
Halderman goes on to describe how simple it is to install “vote-stealing malware” on a voting machine “in just a few seconds” which can change the electronic records of the votes. Some hackers could have designed malware that can delete itself from the machine by the time the polls closed, according to Halderman.
Halderman wrote that examining the physical evidence will help ensure the results were accurate and “allay doubt” about whether they're untainted by hackers who could have inserted malware into machines that could have gone undetected by elections workers checking the machines for accuracy prior to Election Day.
Thomas said the fact that Michigan uses simple optical scanning Machines that count paper ballots rather than electronic voting machines helps guard against hackers.
Some have complained the state's optical scanning machines sometimes miss markings for votes as well.
Thomas said because the state's voting machines are not connected to the internet on Election Day and because each township or city in Michigan conducts independent accuracy reviews of all the state's voting machines, “there's very little opportunity for somebody to hack an election,” Thomas said.
Halderman wrote: “It doesn't matter whether the voting machines are connected to the internet. Shortly before each election, poll workers copy the ballot design from a regular desktop computer in a government office, and use removable media (like the memory card from a digital camera) to load the ballot onto each machine. That initial computer is almost certainly not well secured, and if an attacker infects it, vote-stealing malware can hitch a ride to every voting machine in the area.”
The only way to know with certainty whether that happened — or didn't happen — is to compare the electronic voting results with an actual hand count of the paper ballots.
The Clinton campaign did not immediately return an email from The Detroit News about whether it will request a recount in Michigan, Wisconsin or Pennsylvania.
mgerstein@detroitnews.com
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2fSfoOx
Nicolas Cage may be the most eccentric actor of his generation and we love him for it. In fact, we wish that more actors did fascinating things like sleep over at Dracula's castle, bed alligators, order venomous snakes for calming purposes, collect dinosaur skulls, and be personally bailed out of jail by Dog the Bounty Hunter. So it is with delight that we report that Cage has segued this full-force attitude towards life and on-screen performances to a new interview, during which he admirably offers up some deeply bizarre and gloriously original details about himself.
While speaking with The Mail on Sunday's Event Magazine, Cage is so eccentrically candid that we worry that every future actor interview will seem unbearably bland. Even when asked a familiar question, about his most embarrassing moment, for example, the actor is able to provide a fabulously over-the-top answer: “I took the most beautiful girl in the world to my prom,” he answered. “After kissing her, I was so excited I threw up on her and the sidewalk.”
So just what did we learn about the actor, aside from the fact that he apparently lived out his teenage years with the same type of dramatic intensity that he would one day project onscreen?
The actor's earliest memory involves being fed Italian liqueur and fox meat.
I was three and a half years old, in Italy with my family. My parents had gone out. There were these women dressed in white, I think they were nuns. They gave me something to drink. It tasted a bit like liquorice. They also fed me some kind of stew, which was made out of fox meat. I was on a bed with these women. They were rocking the bed and humming a song which meant I couldn't sleep. Looking back, I'm pretty sure the drink they gave me was Sambuca.
He bought a serial killer's home figuring it would be great inspiration for a book.
I once lived in the most haunted house in America. The LaLaurie Mansion in New Orleans used to belong to Madame LaLaurie, a wellknown 19th century socialite and serial killer. I bought it in 2007, figuring it would be a good place in which to write the great American horror novel. I didn't get too far with the novel.
He still feels guilt over an incident that occurred in kindergarten.
I was in a sandbox with some other kids. There was a little boy called Paul who had learning difficulties. All the kids were teasing him and I really regret participating in that. I wish so much I could find him and apologise.
The best night of his life involved a full moon and his father's ashes.
Two years before his death, my father had a wish that his ashes would be scattered in a particular place, a body of water outside of America that I won't name. When he died in 2010, I kept dreaming about his ashes and so I knew I had to honour that wish. After quite a trek involving planes, cars and a water taxi, I reached the specified place. I scattered the ashes precisely at midnight. As they hit the water, church bells started chiming and a glorious full moon emerged from behind the clouds. It felt like the final scene in The Last Temptation Of Christ when Willem Dafoe's Jesus screams in ecstasy, ‘It is accomplished!' That was the best night of my life.
To read the rest of the refreshingly candid interview, click here.
Related: Nicolas Cage Doesn't Believe In the Term “Over the Top”
Everyone has the potential to discover a human trafficking situation. While the victims may sometimes be kept behind locked doors, they are often hidden right in front of us at, for example, construction sites, restaurants, elder care centers, nail salons, agricultural fields, and hotels. Traffickers' use of coercion – such as threats of deportation and harm to the victim or their family members – is so powerful that even if you reach out to victims, they may be too fearful to accept your help. Knowing indicators of human trafficking and some follow-up questions will help you act on your gut feeling that something is wrong and report it.
Human Trafficking Indicators
While not an exhaustive list, these are some key red flags that could alert you to a potential trafficking situation that should be reported:
Living with employer
Poor living conditions
Multiple people in cramped space
Inability to speak to individual alone
Answers appear to be scripted and rehearsed
Employer is holding identity documents
Signs of physical abuse
Submissive or fearful
Unpaid or paid very little
Under 18 and in prostitution
Questions to Ask
Assuming you have the opportunity to speak with a potential victim privately and without jeopardizing the victim's safety because the trafficker is watching, here are some sample questions to ask to follow up on the red flags you became alert to:
Can you leave your job if you want to?
Can you come and go as you please?
Have you been hurt or threatened if you tried to leave?
Has your family been threatened?
Do you live with your employer?
Where do you sleep and eat?
Are you in debt to your employer?
Do you have your passport/identification? Who has it?
Where to Get Help
If you believe you have identified someone still in the trafficking situation, alert law enforcement immediately at the numbers provided below. It may be unsafe to attempt to rescue a trafficking victim. You have no way of knowing how the trafficker may react and retaliate against the victim and you. If, however, you identify a victim who has escaped the trafficking situation, there are a number of organizations to whom the victim could be referred for help with shelter, medical care, legal assistance, and other critical services. In this case, call the National Human Trafficking Hotline described below.
911 Emergency
For urgent situations, notify local law enforcement immediately by calling 911. You may also want to alert the National Human Trafficking Hotline described below so that they can ensure response by law enforcement officials knowledgeable about human trafficking.
1-888-373-7888 National Human Trafficking Hotline
Call the National Human Trafficking Hotline, a national 24-hour, toll-free, multilingual anti-trafficking hotline. Call 1-888-373-7888 to report a tip; connect with anti-trafficking services in your area; or request training and technical assistance, general information, or specific anti-trafficking resources. The Hotline is equipped to handle calls from all regions of the United States from a wide range of callers including, but not limited to: potential trafficking victims, community members, law enforcement, medical professionals, legal professionals, service providers, researchers, students, and policymakers.
An NFL executive just gave more credence to the theory that player protests before games have hurt attendance numbers.
Baltimore Ravens president Dick Cass conceded as much in a letter to fans, according to USA Today.
What he said
Regarding the protests:
“We had the poor showing in London, complicated by the kneeling of a dozen players during the national anthem. That became an emotional and divisive issue. We know that hurt some of you. Others saw it differently and welcomed the dialogue that followed. Others bluntly told us to keep statements and protests out of the game. There are some of you who have stayed away from our games.
And later in the letter:
“We have had significant numbers of no-shows in the past when our play on the field has not met the high standard we and you have set for the Ravens. But this year has been different. The numbers are higher, and it is noticeable. There are a number of reasons for the no-shows, but surely the one-time protest in London has been a factor.”
The Ravens' protest
The Ravens are having a good season so far, with a winning record and a chance to make the playoffs. But attendance has been down, and it could be traced back to the beginning of the year.
The Ravens played a game in London on Sept. 24, participating in an almost league-wide series of kneeling protests in response to President Donald Trump's comments that protesting players should be fired.
Euclid, the Greek mathematician known as the “Father of Geometry,” was the first to establish the rules for laying out a ball diamond. Yeah, I know baseball wasn't even invented yet. Nonetheless, he built the mathematics to describe the behavior of lines and points on flat planes.
You see Euclid's work whenever you marvel at the exact right angle created by the foul lines as they intersect precisely at the back point of home plate. The perfection of the square with bases at each corner is another jewel of his theorems.
While Euclid never got around to proving a straight line is the shortest distance between two points, it certainly seems reasonable enough. When the runners go “station-to-station” a straight line is certainly their best bet. However, when trying to collect two or more bases at a time, straight lines are not the best choice.
Let's understand this by looking at a runner on first trying to go to third base on a single to right field. The defense usually has its outfielder with the best arm in right, so the key for the runner is to minimize the time needed to touch second and move on to third.
Running in a straight line from first to second would require the runner to slow down as he approaches the bag so he can make the turn toward third. Then it would take a bit for him to speed up again. The slowing down and speeding up costs valuable time.
Now you see why ballplayers actually swing out in a wide arc as they run between first and second. They can then maintain their speed as they “round” second and head for third.
Figure 2 is a sketch of the graph of the time to second base versus the length of the path the runner follows. The straight-line path is the shortest but requires the runner to slow down and speed up, which increases the time. On the other extreme, making a very wide arc increases the path distance, thereby increasing the time. Somewhere in between there must be an optimal arc for minimum time.
Mathematicians have devised a solution to this problem. They claim the best path arcs 18.5 feet away from the baseline. The distance along this path is just under 100 feet as compared to the 90 foot straight-line distance between the bases. I'm pretty sure I've never seen a runner take a turn that wide.
In any case, that solution is based purely on mathematics, not physics. The question is, why don't runners usually follow the 18.5 foot arc? To get an answer, we'll need to think about the forces on a runner moving on a curved path. Understand that I am not talking about the forces along the motion of the runner because at top speed they roughly cancel out. That is why they are no longer speeding up.
Instead, we need to look at the forces that keep objects moving along a circular arc as shown in Figure 3. Earth provides the gravitational force (shown in red) on the moon that acts toward the center of the moon's circular orbit. Without this force, the moon would fly off into space in a straight line along its current velocity (shown in blue).
In a similar way, the ground provides a frictional force on the runner's shoe that acts toward the center of the circular path of the runner. Again, if this force were absent the runner would just keep moving in a straight line along his current velocity. It is the friction between shoe and the ground that keeps the runner turning along the arc.
Vocabulary lesson: these forces acting toward the center causing objects to travel along a circle are called “centripetal forces.” Homework: use the term “centripetal force” in a casual conversation!
Figure 4 shows the foot of runner rounding a bag. If you look very closely, you can see the effect of the frictional force deforming his shoe slightly. To get the bag to exert a large enough frictional force to make the turn, the runner must lean toward the center of his circular arc. The same thing happens when you lean in to make a turn on your bike. Also, roadways are banked to help your car lean into a turn.
Figure 5 shows the forces that act on the runner. Gravity (F g ) pulls him downward, the ground (F gr ) pushes upward, and the friction (F fr ) acting along the ground keeps him moving along the arc. The frictional force becomes larger as the angle he makes with the vertical increases.
The Streaks: Drysdale and Hershiser in Parallel by Shane Tourtellotte Two consecutive scoreless innings pitched streaks bound two hurlers together in history.
Now we can better understand the real question: Can the runner follow the 18.5 foot arc without having to lean in so much that he loses his footing and goes down in a heap? Using the Laws of Physics we can graph the angle versus the speed of the runner along such an arc. The result is shown Figure 6.
The graph shows if you walked this path, the angle you need to lean is zero. You wouldn't need to lean at all. However, the faster you run the more you need to lean inward.
Michael Clair wrote an article listing the fastest speeds around the bases in 2014. His winner was Dee Gordon, who circumnavigated the bases in a scorching 13.89 seconds on what was ruled a triple and an error. This gives an average speed of 17.7 mph which implies his top speed was probably around 20 mph.
If Gordon was following the 18.5 foot arc, the graph indicates he would have had to be leaning in about 23˚. It is very hard to tell in the replay exactly where he was and what angle he had. However, my gut tells me that he would have crashed and burned had he taken a path that required him to lean in that much.
While there seems to be no definitive evidence to overturn the mathematicians' claim that the best arc is 18.5 feet from the baseline, at least physics explains why runners need to lean into the turns as they round the bases.
So, in summary, let's leave the math to Euclid and the mathematicians. After all, the purely mathematical approach is incomplete without using the physics to find the optimal path from first to third. Once again, we see that some of the best experimental physicists on the planet are the ballplayers themselves. They seem to know instinctively the best path to take.
Hyper-Consumption Society: In The Animal Farm
Desiring, dionysiac, obsessive, the hyperconsumption society is kept in delirium of precarious sustainability by a desperate market economy, as its civilizational ex libris imperative: it is necessary to produce in excess, it is necessary to consume in excess, making the excess itself, by alienation of responsibility, the causal referent invested of the valorative power of engine that makes the capitalist system work: the excess is the reproducer of exclusions, of the inequalities that guarantee the active maintenance of the capitalist system's capability to generate and reproduce the constitutive “surplus-values” vital to its survival.
The excess, murdering the middle class danger, guarantees the geometric growth of unemployment, poverty, hunger, exclusion, making available the slaves that feed the totemic capitalist machine. It is necessary that the poor become miserable for the rich to become opulent, the accumulation of wealth depends upon it. The system needs to accumulate, in order to relaunch itself.
Hyperconsumption is the autopoietic pathos of sustainability of the capitalist system's (re)production mode, deliberately invested of the role of system's engine. Unemployment, increasing suicides and hunger are consequences of a capitalist kairos, as collateral damage, thus it is considered by the dominant elites, with the justification that sacrifices must be made for the “greater good”: the survival of the “capitalist mode of production”, supported by the neoliberal dynamics, characterized by a Darwinian competition of egotistic somatization, responsible for the current systemic crisis.
The current systemic crisis is a crisis of the system and a crisis of existence in the system, and because we are the system, if the system collapses, so will we, we all, including the Laplacian elites, because we are all in the same raft, rich or poor.
Capitalism, with its large consuming belly managed by a small brain, has attained its Imperium phase. If the miserables resist, then, the Imperium offers a misery-imposed suicide as solution.
Stuckler, Basu, Suhrcke, Coutts and Mckee, in a study published in “The Lancet, Vol. 378, Issue 9786, pages 124 to 125, 9 July 2011”, confirmed how unemployment growth seems to be associated with increase in suicides among people younger than 65 years.
The authors' study addresses, in particular, the 2008 recession. The study shows that, as the unemployment rose, the decreasing trend in suicide rates reversed in both new EU Member States and old EU Member States, with a larger percentual increase in the old States: less than 1% increase, in 2008, for the new members, while the increase for the old members was close to 7%. In 2009, the suicides “increased further”, in both old and new EU members, accompanying the increase in unemployment.
The study also concludes that road traffic fatalities fell considerably, in particular in the new EU members, which usually registered high road traffic fatalities. Suicides and road traffic fatalities registered as the two main drivers of short-term mortality.
Suicides, in Europe, rose mainly in countries facing the current Government debt crisis. Greece had a rise of about 17% in suicides, while Ireland had about a 13% rise. In Portugal, according to the Instituto Nacional de Estatística (INE), in 2010, there took place 1101 deaths by suicide which surpassed by 86 the deaths registered in road traffic accidents during the same period.
In an interview to the Diário Económico (Friday, May 4, 2012, page 48), Fernando Santos, the current coach of Greece by the Hellenic Football Federation, stated that a general apathy state is lived today in Greece: “Greece was one of the countries with the greatest growth, and all of a sudden”,…, “people thought: where is the money?”,…, Fernando Santos recalls this as a phase of indignation, which gave way to hope, with a possible solution of the problem by the “Troika”, but nothing of the sort came, instead, the worst of the scenarios took place,…, to a conflict phase, a “general apathy” and resentment followed, especially towards Germany and Angela Merkel.
Unemployment is not the only rising trend, the food crisis accompanies the current economic crisis.
Looking at FAO's SOCO 2009 report, in the first half of 2008, food prices reached the highest levels, in over 30 years.
This trend, still according to FAO's report, began in the second half of 2006, with the rising of the world prices of most food commodities, and, during the first half of 2008, the international US dollar prices of cereals also attained the highest levels in over 30 years.
In 2009, FAO predicted that this trend would continue, such that the world was placed before a “global food insecurity crisis”.
FAO's predictions survived the test of falsifiability: the monthly real food price index, per data from FAO, has shown an increasing exponential growth trend, which seems to begin in 2001.
The exponential growth in trend of food prices is accompanied by an also growth in volatility, which only adds to the crisis. From month to month. the variations in the food prices have become increasingly larger, in particular, in the last few years.
Food price volatility affects, by impact, the excluded majority: the ones that most suffer with this crisis, since not only are the food prices exponentially increasing in trend, they are doing so with greater uncertainty: from one month to the next, people may suffer a sudden hike in food prices.
The food crisis makes even more precarious the excluded majority's survival. The food crisis is a crisis of existence is a crisis of survival is a crisis of life is a crisis of dignity.
It is interesting to look, in this instance, at the capitalist system's mechanisms of classification. FAO addresses the food crisis as “a food insecurity crisis”…, “food insecurity”?! This is a pious capitalist term for “very hungry” and for “starving”, an exercise of exclusion by euphemism, very aesthetic, indeed.
One may see high levels of structural unemployment, suicides and hunger in countries with governments, in cognitive simulacrum, imposing increasing austerity measures, stimulating further inequalities and more unemployment, suicides and hunger, shortening the time between crises and shortening the lifetime of its populations, the macabre solution for the cost of aging populations.
Perhaps it is worth remembering some inspiring fragments of Roger Romero's “Land of the Dead” plot: Fiddler's Green, the place where the rich and powerful live in luxury, while the rest of the population struggles in desperation of survival; Fiddler's Green, the land of the rich, protected by an electric fence and rivers. The zombies, then, come to Fiddler's Green for reductive eating, breaking down Orwell's “Animal Farm” (“All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others”)…, after Romero's zombies, in the land of the dead, all are equal…
Maria Odete Madeira is a private sector researcher of science philosophy and systems science. She is particularly interested in ontology, cognition and neurocognition. You may find Maria Odete at her website, Twitter, Google+ and FaceBook.
Barn Quilts of Dawson County
In celebration of our agricultural and quilting heritage, over 100 brightly painted barn quilt blocks are on display throughout Dawson County. Enjoy a scenic drive through our communities, located off of I-80 and Highway 30 in central Nebraska.
The barn quilt movement began on Ohio farms in the early 2000's as Donna Sue Groves painted the first block to celebrate her mother, Maxine. Since that time, barn quilts have become the fastest growing grassroots art movement across the US and Canada. Enjoy reading about how barn quilts on our trail share inspirational stories about an individual's interests, their family heritage, or represent a significance to a business or particular location.
As you follow the trail, we invite you to delight in small town shopping, savor the flavors of local dining, and perhaps visit a museum or two along the way.
Thank-you for your support of the Cozad Chamber of Commerce!
Sew What
How will you sew your cowardly lion costume? With confidence! Confidence! Also that's the name of this sewing machine, if you didn't already know.
Somewhere out there is a handsome wizard and a beautiful good witch. And they're waiting to meet you. Well, not YOU, but the you're going to be when you sew yourself a brand-new outfit with this Singer 7470 Confidence Sewing Machine. Trust us. It's gonna go great.
Buttonholes? No problem! You got six fully-automatic 1-Step Buttonholes ready to go with this thing! A crazy stitch to hold your mane up? Easy as pie! This thing's got 225 different stitch options! Have no idea what a bobbin is? Not to worry! The Drop & Sew Bobbin System handles most of that AUTOMATICALLY!
Plus, lean in close and we'll tell you about the biggest secret of all. Yeah. That Automatic Needle Threader. That's like fifty hours you won't be spending with a microscopic thread end and a teeny weeny needle hole. Or maybe it's just two minutes that FEELS like fifty hours. Whatever. You'll be happy it exists.
And then, costume in place, you can hop on them yellow bricks and strut to meet the witch or wizard of your dreams. And don't feel bad about misrepresenting yourself in a lion costume, okay? We have it on good authority that, behind the curtain, they're just as lacking in confidence as you are.
Back to top
There are new developments in the battle over 20 acres of public land in Potomac.
In 2009, County executive Ike Leggett proposed turning the organic farm on public land into soccer fields. Residents didn't find out until 16 months later.
"It's really a tale of corruption, stonewalling and cover-up," said resident Dennis Kelleher.
The county has been no less animated in its defense.
"Basically these are folks in an exclusive community, who think in the county, soccer fields and affordable housing should only go in places like Silver Spring and Rockville and shouldn't go in Potomac," said County executive spokesman Patrick Lacefield.
Residents are raising questions about lobbying, campaign contributions and transparency. A recent letter written by a lawyer charges the county with refusing to release public records.
Residents say the only interested developer is Montgomery Soccer Inc. (MSI). According to the minutes from a 2009 MSI board meeting, the group set aside $350,000 for lobbying purposes.
"It should be viewed that this significant expenditure is in place of land acquisition costs," the minutes read. "But at a fraction of the cost of what we would otherwise have to spend to secure land."
MSI, a non-profit, says it set aside the funds to pay for practical matters--not to corrupt the process.
"We've been around for 41 years doing good things for our community not just doing youth soccer programs, but all our outreach programs," said Doug Schuessler, Executive Director, Montgomery Soccer Inc. "We have a responsibility to the children of our community to advocate on their behalf."
Residents also raise concerns about campaign contributions. Since 2005, a member of the MSI Board donated a total of almost $10,000 to Leggett and his Director of Economic Development.
MSI said none of its other 15 board members gave anything.
"Ike Leggett doesn't give a damn whether you give him campaign money or not," Lacefield said.
As for the request for public documents from the county, the county says the residents haven't gotten them yet because they haven't paid a required fee. Residents dispute those charges and say if the county had nothing to hide, it would release the documents.
"Get the documents out there, and let's see what this secret planning for the last two years was all about," said Kelleher.
Targets illegal acts intended to disrupt the economy
Holds planners and organizers of illegal acts accountable
Protects 1st Amendment rights of free speech, assembly, and petition
OLYMPIA – Sen. Doug Ericksen, R-Ferndale, introduced the Preventing Economic Disruption Act (PEDA) Thursday for consideration during the 2017 legislative session.
Senate Bill 5009 targets illegal activities that aim to create economic harm by impeding legally permitted economic activities. It allows prosecuting attorneys to file special charges that increase penalties for misdemeanors and felonies.
“American citizens have a constitutional right to assemble, to speak freely, and to petition their government via protests,” Ericksen said. “There is no constitutional right to harm other people or to harm the rights of other American citizens.”
The measure is prompted by recent illegal actions that have blocked rail and highway transportation, including a demonstration at a rail chokepoint in Skagit County last summer that blocked traffic between Seattle and Vancouver for 11 hours. Last month an occupation at the tracks leading to the Port of Olympia blocked the flow of goods for a week, and when it was dispersed by law enforcement authorities, participants rampaged through the downtown section of the city, blocking streets, tipping over trash barrels and lighting dumpsters on fire.
Ericksen compared this legislation to existing federal law regarding health clinics. “Federal law is clear that you have a right to protest a health clinic, but you do not have a right to physically deny a person access to a health clinic. The same rules should apply to citizens engaged in other legal activities. We know that groups are planning to disrupt our economy by conflating the right to protest with illegal activities that harm the rights of others. We need this legislation to protect the rights of all citizens.”
The bill clearly states the intent of the legislature to protect the constitutional rights of all citizens: “The Legislature recognizes and fully supports the ability of individuals to exercise their rights of free speech, press and peaceful assembly, and to engage in other constitutionally protected activities. The Legislature finds, however, that there is no right to harm another person or prevent another person from exercising his or her rights.”
When a court finds that a participant in such illegal activities intended to create economic disruption, sentences can be extended 60 days for a misdemeanor, six months for a gross misdemeanor and 12 months for a felony.
The measure also clarifies that those who fund or sponsor such actions can be charged as accomplices. Courts are allowed to levy treble damages. Organizers and funders would not be liable for “bad actors” who infiltrate their events and are not directly coordinated by the sponsors of the event.
The full text of the bill can be found here.
Join the San Diego Museum of Man and local craft breweries for our next beer tasting, Women in Brewing, on August 14, 2014 from 6-8 p.m.! To mark the one-year anniversary of BEERology and the closing of Empowering Women, we're highlighting the women of the beer industry, from brewers to CEOs.
Enjoy craft beer tastings from Green Flash Brewing Co., Stone Brewing Co., Ninkasi Brewing Co., Coronado Brewing Co., and Lightning Brewery, while sampling food from women-run businesses. Come have a fun night on the town with friends at Women in Brewing!
These events have been selling out, so be sure to buy your tickets in advance!
Tickets: $20-$30. Sign up here to become a Museum Member and get the discounted rate.
Each member is entitled to one additional guest ticket at Member price
Tickets are non-refundable, but they are fully transferable to another party
This event is 21 and up. IDs will be checked at the door.
Featuring:
Stone Brewing Company
Green Flash
Coronado Brewing
Ninkasi Brewing
Lightning Brewery
Tarantino Gourmet Sausages
Do Braza
Flavor Integrations
SAN DIEGO MUSEUM OF MAN | 1350 El Prado, San Diego, CA 92101 | museumofman.org
Be sure to follow us on Social Media to get to see our beer adventures live as we invade more breweries and discover more awesome craft beers from all over the world! Cheers humans!
Facebook | Instagram | Twitter | Snapchat: beeralien
With the clock ticking down toward Election Day in November, both proponents and opponents of California's Control and Tax Cannabis marijuana legalization initiative, now known officially as Proposition 19, are going after the African American vote. As things currently stand, the community is highly supportive of marijuana legalization in principle, but not necessarily of the initiative itself at this time.
A Survey USA poll done in April found that support for marijuana legalization among blacks was at 67%, the highest level of any major ethnic group in the state. Whites were second at 59%, followed by Asians at 58% and Hispanics at 45%. The findings are consistent with other polls that show similar high levels of support for pot legalization in the state's black community.
Bishop Allen and police lobbying last January against the Ammiano legalization bill, Sacramento
But demonstrating that nothing is a given in the wild word of ballot campaigns, a Field Poll released Friday morning showed Prop. 19 slipping from being slightly ahead to slightly behind (44%-48% this time), with African Americans giving it only 40%.
While African Americans constitute only 5.8% of the state's electorate, the November vote is shaping up to be extremely close, and holding onto key constituencies, even relatively small ones, could end up making the difference on Election Day.
Author and political analyst Earl Ofari Hutchinson is one of those black people who are ready to free the weed. "I fully support legalization," he told the Chronicle. "The drug wars have criminalized a generation of young blacks, destabilized families, further impoverished communities, and wildly expanded the prison-industrial complex. It is costly, wasteful and ineffective. It drains precious tax dollars, public resources, and public policy initiatives from expansion and improvement of health, education, and businesses, social services and urban reconstruction. It's been well documented that for a faction of the billions spent on a racially-tinged wasteful drug war, if spent on skills training, drug counseling, prevention, job creation, and family support programs thousands of lives could be reclaimed."
Legalization backers have been working hard in recent weeks to solidify and even extend such sentiments. At the end of last month, the Drug Policy Alliance (DPA) issued a report, Targeting Blacks for Marijuana, demonstrating that African-Americans bear the brunt of marijuana law enforcement in California. The report, authored by Queens College sociologist Harry Levine, examined marijuana arrests in California's 25 most populous counties and found a consistent, statewide pattern of racial disparities in who was getting arrested for pot possession.
Despite blacks using marijuana at a slightly lower rate than whites, blacks were more than three times as likely to be arrested for possession in the counties of Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, Santa Cruz, and Sonoma, and more than twice as likely to be arrested in Contra Costa, Fresno, Orange, Riverside, Sacramento, San Bernadino, Santa Clara, and Solano counties.
In Los Angeles, blacks make up 10% of the population, but constitute 30% of pot possession busts. In San Diego, blacks are 5.6% of the population, but account for 20% of arrests. In Sacramento, blacks get busted at a rate nearly four times one would expect based on the demographics. They make up 10.4% of the population in the state capital, but account for a whopping 38% of pot possession arrests.
"The findings in this report are a chilling reminder of the day-to-day realities of marijuana prohibition and the large-scale racist enforcement at its core," said Stephen Gutwillig, DPA's California director. "Racial justice demands ending this policy disaster and replacing it with a sensible regulatory system that redirects law enforcement to matters of genuine public safety. Proposition 19 is California's exit strategy from its failed war on marijuana."
"Patrol and narcotics police face enormous pressure to meet arrest and ticket quotas. Marijuana arrests are a relatively safe and easy way to meet them, but they don't reduce serious crime," said Levine. "However, these mass arrests can impact the life chances of young African Americans, who actually consume marijuana at lower rates than young whites."
The release of the report was accompanied by a political bombshell: the endorsement of Proposition 19 by the California NAACP, announced by state chapter head Alice Huffman at a June 29 press conference. Also attending the conference were other prominent black leaders, including Aubry Stone, head of the California Black Chamber of Commerce.
Citing the report, Huffman called ending pot prohibition a civil rights issue. Marijuana prohibition has criminalized many young people and hampered the ability of African-Americans to thrive, she said.
"This is not a war on the drug lords, this is a war against young men and women of color," Huffman told the press conference. "Once a person is arrested and brought under the criminal justice system, he or she is more likely to be caught in the criminal justice system again, further wasting tax dollars."
Not every West Coast African American agrees with Huffman, and one who pointedly doesn't is Bishop Ron Allen, head of the International Faith-Based Coalition, which claims to represent some 4,100 congregations worldwide, and which has emerged as a loud locus of opposition to legalization. Allen's commanding presence and stentorian oratory have become a fixture at the state house whenever marijuana is on the agenda, and he has become a go-to guy for reporters seeking opposition viewpoints. The CA NAACP's endorsement of Prop. 19 has Allen calling for Huffman's political head.
"We would like for Alice Huffman to step down as state president immediately," Bishop Allen told the Chronicle, adding that he was depending on the national NAACP to take action. "We think Alice Huffman is advocating getting the black man high. Let's decriminalize so the black man can continue to smoke without fear of arrest is not the answer. The NAACP is supposed to advance colored people, but how can you do that when you advocate continuing to have an illicit drug in their lives?"
Allen, a self-described former seven-year crack addict, is passionate, but his arguments tend to ring of Reefer Madness and the standard anti-pot playbook. "This isn't the same marijuana. The THC is so much higher," he said.
"Marijuana is still a gateway drug," he continued. "We are seeing more teens enter treatment because of marijuana," he added, neglecting to mention that a majority of them are there because they got busted and were ordered there by a court.
"Legalize a drug, and it will be more accessible to our youth," Allen said. "We will have more drug babies, more murders, more rapes. Legalization will lead to more incarceration of the black man, not less."
And sometimes Allen goes so far as to strain credulity. Attacking Huffman for associating with DPA, he said "you can't be in cahoots with the biggest drug dealers in the nation." Moments later he repeated the outlandish claim, saying "everybody knows the Drug Policy Alliance are drug dealers."
That drew a tart response from DPA's Tommy McDonald. "As someone who's never sold drugs or done hard drugs, I take great exception to Mr. Allen's characterization of Drug Policy Alliance employees and its members. And as a black man, I am particularly disappointed that Allen is doing the bidding of people who would love nothing more than to see our prisons filled with black and Latino youth," he said. "While his conviction is admirable, Allen's irrational and uninformed (and drug war financed, I might add) Reefer Madness propaganda is transparent and predictable. I wish him no ill will, but he might want to stick to the teachings of his Bible and not 'bear false witness against thy neighbor.' I would expect a so-called man of the cloth to know better."
Allen's views may be extreme, but they do reflect those of part of the black community, said Hutchinson. "Many blacks fear legalization could lead to greater drug use, crime and violence," he observed. "Others agree that legalization would do just the opposite."
While Allen declared himself confident Prop. 19 would be defeated in the fall, his role in the eventual outcome will probably be insignificant, said veteran scene-watchers. "I think the Bishop is basically a one-man band," scoffed Dale Gieringer, head of California NORML. "He's got his church there in Sacramento, and I've only ever encountered him at legislative hearings. I heard him give passionate but ludicrous testimony about how pot should remain illegal because he almost ruined himself with drugs in a market where drugs were illegal."
Gieringer doubted that Bishop Allen would have much impact one way or the other. "His stuff will resonate with his crowd and some religious people, but positions are already fairly fixed. People are either for or against, and the undecided vote is small," he said. "I don't think an angry black preacher is going to have much impact on them."
Will California's black population support Prop. 19? We will find out on Election Day, but the Bishop Allen notwithstanding, support for marijuana legalization in the community is strong. Whether more of it can be won over to Prop. 19 itself, the next few months will tell the new DPA report and the endorsement by the state NAACP is a good start.
* Construction, trade, payroll tax bills could help -Obama
* Republican governor says Obama has responsibility to act
By Laura MacInnis
VINEYARD HAVEN, Mass., Aug 20 (Reuters) - A vacationing U.S. President Barack Obama accused Congress on Saturday of holding back the U.S. economic recovery by blocking “common sense” measures he said would create jobs and help growth.
In remarks recorded on Wednesday on his campaign-style bus tour in Illinois and aired during his holiday in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts, Obama said the stalled construction, trade and payroll tax bills could give a boost to the economy.
“The only thing preventing us from passing these bills is the refusal by some in Congress to put country ahead of party. That's the problem right now. That's what's holding this country back,” the president said in his weekly radio address, which is also transmitted on the Internet.
Wall Street stocks have suffered four weeks of losses because of investor jitters, partly over concerns that the United States may be headed for another recession after barely growing in the first half of 2011.
With the national unemployment rate stuck above 9 percent, Obama's re-election hopes may hinge on his ability to convince voters he is steering the U.S. economy the right way.
He has been criticized for taking off to Martha's Vineyard, a wealthy island retreat near Boston, at at time when some 14 million Americans are out of work. Such breaks are typical for U.S. presidents, and the Obamas also took vacations in Martha's Vineyard in August of 2010 and 2009.
The White House has said the president would spend much of his nine-day absence from Washington working on the job and growth package he will unveil in an early September speech.
In his Saturday remarks, Obama acknowledged the country remained far from full health.
“We're going through a tough time right now. We're coming through a terrible recession,” he said. “So we need folks in Washington — the people whose job it is to deal with the country's problems, the people who you elected to serve — we need them to put aside their differences to get things done.”
Republicans control the U.S. House of Representatives and Democrats control the Senate. A bitter fight between the two parties over deficit-cutting brought the country to the edge of a debt default and sparked a credit ratings downgrade this month.
In the Republicans' weekly address, Ohio Governor John Kasich said it was wrong for the president to stand aside and blame others for the impasse that has also affected legislation related to immigration, energy and other issues.
“Divided government is no excuse for inaction,” said Kasich, a former chairman of the House Budget Committee.
“There's just no substitute for leadership from the president of the United States,” Kasich said. “It's my hope President Obama will listen to the people and partner with Republicans to get our economy back to creating jobs and producing growth.”
The governor also called on conservative Republicans to show more willingness to compromise as required.
“It's just as important that Republicans not be stiff-necked about working across the aisle when important work must be done,” he said, suggesting: “It's OK to compromise on policy, as long as you don't compromise on your principles.” (Editing by Mohammad Zargham)
No matter how many times she listened, Evelyn would never get tired of hearing Paultin play.
He sat on a stool at the front of a tavern, strumming away at his lute as he hummed along to the tune. A gaggle of young women gathered around him, entranced by his music. Evelyn watched from afar, hovering above the girls' heads with her winged boots. From her vantage
point, she had a perfect view of Paultin. She admired his relaxed posture and easy smile. How his blond locks seemed to fall effortlessly into place. The masterful way he played his lute, barely even looking down as he performed each song. And his eyes. Oh, his eyes. Evelyn couldn't help but get lost in his big, beautiful blue eyes. She loved the way they sparkled while he played. She sighed happily, her heart fluttering.
Paultin finished his last song, slinging the lute over his back and hopping off the stool. “That was so amazing!” One of the girls swooned. “Yeah, you're so talented!” Cooed another. Paultin smirked. “No problem ladies, It's my pleasure.”
“You should come here more often! Everyone loves your music!” Insisted a third. “Maybe I will.” Paultin replied. “Now, If you'll excuse me…” He pushed past the women towards a table where Diath and Strix were sitting.
Evelyn floated down to the floor and walked in step with Paultin to the table. “You played real well tonight.” Evelyn smiled, sitting down next to him. “Thanks.” Paultin shrugged, pulling a wineskin off of his belt and taking a sip. “I really liked that last song you played. Was it new?” She asked.
“Nah”
“Oh.”
Is Paultin ignoring me? Evelyn wondered. No, surely not. He wouldn't do that. She glanced over at him. He looked right at her, and suddenly Evelyn was drowning in those wonderful blue eyes. She was so deeply in love. She didn't think she could look away even if she wanted to. She-
Suddenly, Evelyn started coughing. Gently at first, then harder, until she could barely breathe. She gasped for air, but it only made her cough harder. All three of her friends were staring at her as she hacked and choked into her palm. After about a minute, but what felt like an eternity to Evelyn, her coughing fit finally subsided and she was able to catch her breath.
“Are you good?” Paultin asked, a look of concern on his face. Evelyn cleared her throat and nodded. “Yeah, I just-”
She stopped. She looked into the palm of her hand. Lying there, was a perfectly pristine sunflower petal.
Oh no.
Evelyn leapt from her chair, clasping a hand over her mouth. She muttered a vague apology, and ran from the tavern. “Hey, where're you going?” Strix shouted after her. Evelyn didn't respond. She dashed outside as she was struck with another coughing fit. She braced herself against the cold stone wall, choking on the petals that forced their way up her throat. Aggressive coughs wracked her small frame, bringing up mouthful after mouthful of flowers. She couldn't breathe, couldn't think. The petals just kept coming.
At last, with a few shuddering coughs, the last of the sunflowers fell from her lips. With shaky limbs, she carefully lifted herself from the wall. She stared blankly at the pile of blood speckled petals on the ground. “Evelyn..” A voice pulled her from her daze. She turned to see Pautin, staring at her in shock. A single tear rolled down Evelyn's face.
“I guess you don't love me after all.”
Late last evening, former Los Angeles Rams WR Kenny Britt took to a live Instagram post in which he spoke disparagingly of former teammate WR Tavon Austin, calling him a “fag” and saying he felt “betrayed” by the Rams for not re-signing him.
The live post was not recorded. TST has spoken to numerous independent sources to confirm Britt's comments. Multiple sources suggested Britt appeared intoxicated during the video.
Britt said that the betrayal was due to the Rams signing Austin to a long-term deal, something he suggested wasn't warranted for an “average” wide receiver. After using the homophobic slur toward Austin, he casually remarked, “Whatever. I don't know him anymore.”
Perhaps ironically, Britt has a brother who is homosexual. The two featured on E!'s Hollywood and Football, a six-episode show focusing on various Rams and their wives. The show has not been renewed after dismal ratings.
Britt also mentioned new Rams Head Coach Sean McVay, suggesting, “Nobody knows who he is.”
Britt was drafted by the Tennessee Titans in 2009 under then-head coach Jeff Fisher. Fisher would be fired after the 2010 season. Britt's career fizzled over the next three seasons in Nashville before the Rams signed him in 2014's free agency period reuniting him with Fisher. Britt contributed significantly in the Rams' abysmal offenses under Jeff Fisher culminating in Britt's 2016 season, the first 1,000 receiving yard seasons for a Rams WR since Torry Holt in 2007 despite the Rams posting the NFL's worst offense. Fisher was fired mid-season; Britt signed as a free agent with the Cleveland Browns last month.
It's hardly a good look for Britt. To clap back at your previous employer and former teammates is petty and beyond unprofessional. To use a homophobic slur in general let alone in reference to a former colleague is pathetic.
There's plenty to consider here, both in terms of how central Britt was to Fisher's tenure as head coach, his approach to developing the offensive roster and the culture that festered under his watch. It's no surprise that Britt's outburst followed Fisher's departure. Britt's off-field peccadilloes have occurred outside Fisher's oversight. Britt has been arrested twice since being drafted, both occurring while Britt was a Titan after Fisher had been fired. Britt's tenure in St. Louis and Los Angeles was unremarkable off the field, save for a sex tape with his wife he posted to Instagram in 2014.
You also have to question the wisdom of the Rams to allow Britt to participate in a reality show given his priors as well as his mercurial personality. I'd like to think this is hardly the image they want to present as an ambassador of the NFL and their hometown, especially given that they've been in LA barely more than a year.
Nonetheless, it's a sad turn of events in the offseason. Here's hoping Britt gains some maturity and wisdom from the episode.
I'm not holding my breath, though.
(UPDATED at 3:26pm ET)
Earlier this morning, Britt posted a response to this story on his Twitter account:
And that's all folks pic.twitter.com/94rbQHeqSv — Kenny Britt (@KennyBritt_18) April 8, 2017
Here's the image itself:
I appreciate Britt taking the time to respond to the article, though I'm disappointed he has decided to court public opinion rather than contact us directly. I would have been happy to address any grievance he has with the story, though I'm assuming he's not interested in as much.
I have now heard from nearly 20 individuals who watched the video live. Their stories all matched independent of each other. That's why I felt comfortable posting the story. Perhaps Britt is confused about making sure we checked our “source” thinking that 20 individuals have formed a conspiracy.
We were unaware Britt was conducting physical therapy in the middle of the night on Thursday. We wish him the best in his recovery.
It is (perhaps not) surprising that Britt admits to using a homophobic slur but is unwilling to type it in using fellatio as some kind of metaphor. I certainly never intended to disrespect Britt's brother, who happens to be gay himself. The irony, however, was something I thought was (and still think is) worth noting.
This will be the last time you hear from me about this. Stay blessed. Off to eat some fried seafood and drink some beer and watch the Masters.
A few questions (some of which might be better suited for other members of the team):
- Is it frequent or rare that members of other PDS teams infuence the design of a specific game (e.g. Would it be considered perfectly normal for an EU4/HoI4/Stellaris/[Secret Project] team member to go "Hey, could you add an event about X? I think it would be nice!", or would that be highly unusual?)?
- How common is it that something not on the original bullet point list gets added? How common is it that something gets entirely removed?
- How much would you say that feedback/suggestions from the community influences the development before/during/after the development of a DLC? I know it has some impact (based on various dev replies in dev diary threads ranging from "I'm changing that now!" to "We might do that, yes, if we have time" and the fact that many things are changed to account for various complaints), and I'm not implying you are poor at taking feedback, but I'm curious to know if it is common for someone to go "I read this forum post about X, and I think that we perhaps should make some changes in accordance with (parts of) it/implement mechanic Y" or if it is a rare thing.
- How much input does the rest of the team have when it comes to the vision for a DLC prior to the game director writing it? Is there some kind of open brainstorming/suggestion process, or is it generally not something that the majority of the team is part of?
- Given that the mechanics for different religions/governments/cultures are rather different and that the start positions for different characters/realms are quite different, how do you approach game balance? I understand that some things can be fairly easy to balance (e.g. the opinion modifier from holding a feast should be in line with its counterparts, and none of them should be extremly large), but how do you determine if a particular religion/character/realm/etc. under-/overperforms and what is causing it?
Click to expand...
Giles Muhame, managing editor of the Ugandan publication Rolling Stone, with a recent issue in Kampala. The paper published the names and photos of 14 Ugandans it identified as gay. Marc Hofer/AFP/Getty Images
Last month, after an international firestorm opposing its proposed anti-homosexuality law known as the kill-the-gays bill, which would have imposed the death penalty for acts of “aggravated homosexuality,” the Ugandan Parliament approved a less severe version of the law, with the penalty for such conduct set at life in prison. “Aggravated homosexuality” includes sex with minors or disabled individuals, sex when one individual is HIV positive and repeated sex between consenting adults of the same gender. The revised law, which awaits President Yuweri Museveni's signature, also criminalizes those who fail to report homosexual conduct and imposes a seven-year prison term for those who perform same-sex marriages. The law reverberates in the U.S. both for the outrage it caused and its potential impact on a lawsuit currently before the federal district court in Springfield, Mass. The suit was filed in March 2012 by the New York–based Center for Constitutional Rights on behalf of Sexual Minorities Uganda (SMUG), a coalition of Ugandan lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) advocacy groups. Ugandan lawmakers say the legislation is necessary to protect families from Western gays who attempt to recruit their children. That purported threat was aggressively promoted by American evangelicals. The anti-gay bill was introduced in 2009 only months after a conference in Uganda titled Seminar on Exposing the Homosexual Agenda. Several prominent evangelical pastors, including Scott Lively, a minister and self-proclaimed expert on the gay movement from Springfield, spoke out vehemently against the dangers posed by gays. Lively's how-to book “Redeeming the Rainbow” advises opponents of gay rights to counteract sympathy for gays by highlighting instances of rape and child recruitment. This strategy is now at work in Uganda. In SMUG v. Lively, the plaintiffs allege that Lively was engaged in a persistent pattern of collaborating with Ugandan officials and leaders to foment repression by helping craft oppressive legislation like the anti-homosexuality bill and for inflaming societal hostility toward LGBTI individuals. Last August, by declining to dismiss the case against Lively, U.S. federal Judge Michael Ponsor provided additional support for LGBTI rights. Ponsor held that persecution on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity is in violation of international norms and that it amounted to a crime against humanity. Progress in enshrining LGBTI rights and protecting members of that community from violence has been uneven across the globe. Significant advances in gay rights in Western Europe and the Americas have been balanced by notable setbacks elsewhere. For example, in June, Russia passed an anti-gay law banning “propaganda” that equalizes straight and gay relationships and the distribution of gay-rights literature. In December the Indian Supreme Court issued a ruling recriminalizing homosexual acts. There are renewed efforts to pass retrograde legislation across Africa, though few are as extreme as Uganda's death-penalty bill.
Gay rights in Africa
The etiology of African resistance to LGBTI rights is complicated. Many African countries still criminalize consensual, same-sex relationships, and de facto discrimination against and criminalization of LGBTI people is prevalent in countries without explicit bans. Cultural opposition to homosexuality runs deep in the continent. Last year the Pew Global Attitudes Project found over 90 percent disapproval for gay rights in five of the six African countries surveyed and a widespread belief that homosexuality is “un-African.” While Africa is not culturally, religiously or geopolitically monolithic, various observers attribute the broad agreement on anti-gay sentiment to several overlapping factors. First, many of the laws in Africa against homosexuality are rooted in British statutes, embedded in moral codes or indecency laws that are vestiges of the continent's colonial legacy. Second, conservative religious branches of Christianity and Islam foment antipathy to LGBTI rights, and the influence of foreign evangelism fuels virulent homophobia. As religious leaders from abroad travel to Africa with the express goal of propagating intolerance, evangelical homophobia inspires increased Western gay activism, leading to further backlash against the perceived imposition of Western values. Third, domestic politics plays a role, as some local leaders demonize gays to deflect attention from intractable socioeconomic ills. Human Rights Watch and other rights groups have accused African leaders, including Zimbabwe's Robert Mugabe, for making scapegoats of gays for his country's economic and social woes. He condemns Western efforts to condition aid on the recipient country's acceptance of gay rights. Other African leaders who are reluctant to resist complying with international norms despite homophobic national attitudes may fear a backlash from voters and traditional religious leaders. For instance, last October when Malawian cleric and scholar Sheikh Mdala Ali Tambuli spoke out in support of gay rights, prominent members of the country's Muslim leadership immediately denounced his statement. Finally, opposition to gay rights is sometimes cast as a nationalistic rejection of Western values and the forces of globalization. The push-back forced Barack Obama's administration to tread carefully in implementing the 2011 presidential memorandum that directs federal agencies to promote and protect gay rights overseas, balancing LGBTI advocacy with an understanding of the counterproductive anti-Western resentment that the U.S. policy might generate. The complex cultural and historical context of homophobia in Africa demands a nuanced, sensitive and carefully planned international response that considers the potentially adverse local impact of advocacy efforts intended to dismantle it.
I would refuse to go to a homophobic heaven ... I mean I would much rather go to the other place. Archbishop Desmond Tutu
In some parts of Africa, the struggle against persecution and the criminalization of gay behavior is a matter of life and death. In January 2011, prominent and outspoken Ugandan gay-rights activist David Kato was bludgeoned to death in his home. In July 2013, Eric Ohena Lembembe, a gay-rights activist in Cameroon, was murdered, his neck and legs broken and his body bearing burns. In June and July of that year, Kenyan activists reported a wave of hate crimes and violence against gay men. The U.S. federal court ruling contributes to the international jurisprudence supporting the universality of LGBTI rights, covered by panoply of protections, including free association, free expression, free assembly, privacy, family life, nondiscrimination, liberty and security of the person and the right to life. In the wake of pervasive discrimination and violence, in June 2011 the United Nations Human Rights Council affirmed the rights of LGBTI people in a groundbreaking resolution supporting equal rights for all people, irrespective of sexual orientation. The resolution commissioned a formal U.N. study to document discriminatory laws, practices and violence against sexual orientation and gender identity and to explore the use of international human-rights law to end violence and other human-rights violations on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity. Yet protection of gay rights remains bitterly divisive. The U.N. Human Rights Council's resolution passed only narrowly: Of the council's 47 members, 23 countries voted yes, 19 voted no and three countries abstained. The polarized politics prompted proponents of the U.N. resolution to urge South Africa, the first country to codify gay rights in Africa, to introduce the resolution in an effort to soften resistance to the perceived influence of Western constructs and priorities. However, despite strong support from countries such as Brazil and Colombia, a number of African nations and others decried the resolution. Even after approval by the Human Rights Council, only 85 countries — fewer than half the 193 U.N. member states — signed the resolution. In July 2013, alarmed by escalating rhetoric and violence against gay men and lesbians, the U.N. reinforced its resolution by launching a global education initiative called Free & Equal, designed to build consensus around LGBTI rights. The Free & Equal campaign was announced in South Africa for symbolic and strategic reasons. LGBTI rights enjoy popular support from prominent members of South African clergy, including Archbishop Desmond Tutu, who recently affirmed the depth of his backing by stating, “I would refuse to go to a homophobic heaven ... I mean I would much rather go to the other place.” Many years earlier, South African anti-apartheid hero Nelson Mandela, who died in December, added moral gravitas to the concept of equal rights as an African value. His postapartheid administration oversaw the inclusion of these rights in the progressive South African constitution. Even with favorable attitudes and a progressive constitution that enshrines the protection of LGBTI rights, anti-gay violence and corrective rape are prevalent across South Africa.
The road ahead
Gresham bakery owners who refused to make a wedding cake for a Portland lesbian couple said Tuesday they've had a rush of customers since the couple filed a state complaint.
The couple's attorney, Paul Thompson, said his clients plan to release a statement in a few days. He said they appreciate their supporters.
Both sides in the dispute have also seen their fair share of opposition as well since the state attorney general's office announced last Friday it was reviewing a complaint filed Jan. 18 by Laurel Bowman. The complaint stems from a visit by her fiancée and her fiancée's mother the previous day to Sweet Cakes by Melissa, 44 N.E. Division St. in Gresham, for a wedding cake.
When one of the bakery owners, Aaron Klein, discovered the cake was for a same-sex marriage, he called the couple "abominations unto the Lord" and made other comments that reduced the fiancée to tears, according to the complaint.
Klein said the bakery sells to customers of all sexual orientations. However, he said he and his wife, Melissa, turn down requests to bake cakes for same-sex marriages because that goes against their Christian faith. He denied disparaging the couple.
State law says it is a violation for a business to deny "full and equal accommodations" for customers based on race, religion, gender, sexual orientation and other factors.
News of the complaint led Duff Goldman, star of "Ace of Cakes" on the Food Network, to make an offer Monday to bake a cake for the couple and deliver it from Los Angeles for free. The couple have not responded publicly.
Melissa Klein, co-owner of Sweet Cakes by Melissa, chats with a customer Tuesday inside the Gresham store. She says the bakery has seen a bump in business after declining a wedding cake order from a Portland same-sex couple for religious reasons.
News of the complaint apparently led to a bump in the Gresham bakery's sales, Melissa Klein said. The influx started Saturday, and the business ran out of baked goods about an hour and a half before closing Tuesday.
She spent the rest of her workday taking orders and telling customers they would have to return the next day.
"It's been very busy here the last few days, and at times, it's been hard to handle the demand," she said.
Melissa Klein declined to say more because she had to help prepare for the next day before closing the shop and picking up her children. She said her husband was out buying ingredients.
John Kuykendall of Gresham brought his son to the shop to support the family. He said his beliefs are in line with those of the Kleins.
"If you look at these shelves, it's pretty easy to see that others are saying, 'We believe in you' and 'We stand with you, too,'" Kuykendall said.
The Sweet Cakes owners have until next week to file their response to the complaint with the state attorney general's office, said Jeff Manning, an attorney general's spokesman. After that, the complaint might be referred to the state Bureau of Labor and Industries.
Charlie Burr, a BOLI spokesman, said his agency is aware of the case but has not been contacted directly by the attorney general's office or the Portland couple.
If BOLI investigates the complaint and finds substantial evidence of discrimination, Burr said, it could try to broker a settlement between the sides. BOLI would seek charges only if no settlement could be reached, he said.
A judge could assess civil penalties of as much as $1,000 for each violation and emotional damages of as much as $50,000 for each person, he said.
"Everyone has a right to religious beliefs," Burr said. "But that doesn't mean they can disobey laws and regulations in place to protect everyone."
--
The 2016 BRIT Awards took place tonight in London. The show featured a tribute to David Bowie by Lorde fronting Bowie's old band, the Weeknd, Rihanna with Drake and SZA, Adele, Justin Bieber, Coldplay, Little Mix, James Bay, and Jess Glynne.
Adele cleaned up, winning almost every category she was nominated for: British Female Solo Artist, British Album of the Year, British Single, and Global Success. In her speech for British Female Solo Artist, she voiced her support for Kesha.
James Bay won British Male Solo Artist.
Tame Impala won International Group.
Coldplay won British Group.
Justin Bieber won International Male Solo Artist.
Björk won International Female Solo Artist. (She wasn't there, but delivered her acceptance via video.)
Catfish and the Bottlemen won British Breakthrough Act.
One Direction won British Artist Video.
CORRECTION: A previous version of this story indicated that Adele won every award she was nominated for. She lost British Artist Video to One Direction.
Mount Bierstadt is a high mountain summit of the Chicago Peaks in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of North America. The 14,065-foot (4,287 m) fourteener is located in the Mount Evans Wilderness of Pike National Forest, 9.4 miles (15.1 km) south by east (bearing 171°) of the Town of Georgetown in Clear Creek County, Colorado, United States.[1][2][3][4] It was named in honor of Albert Bierstadt, the American landscape painter who made the first recorded summit of the mountain in 1863.
Mountain [ edit ]
Mount Bierstadt is located 1.4 miles (2.2 km) west by south of Mount Evans and 43.8 miles (70.5 km) west by south of downtown Denver.
Because it is generally considered an easy climb, along with its accessibility from nearby Denver, Mount Bierstadt is one of the most popular mountains to climb in Colorado. As with most peaks in Colorado, July and August make the best months for climbing Mount Bierstadt.
The most popular base from which to begin ascent of Mount Bierstadt is Guanella Pass, located to the west. From Guanella Pass it is approximately 7 miles (11 km) hike, with a climb of 2,391 feet (729 m). The trail descends slightly into the fairly level marshlands surrounding Scott Gomer Creek before reaching Bierstadt's western slopes. On the rocky upper regions of the mountain the route of the trail is marked by a series of cairns. The trail levels about 200 feet (61 m) below the summit at saddle point before beginning the final ascent. Alternative trails cover the eastern slopes for longer hikes.
Once at the summit, a popular option is to continue the hike to nearby Mount Evans along a ridge known as The Sawtooth, an intermediate-level hike. Often such a trip will involve a detour down to Abyss Lake 12,650 feet (3,860 m) elevation), which occupies the bottom of the valley separating Bierstadt and Evans.
Albert Bierstadt's painting A Storm in the Rocky Mountains, Mt. Rosalie is based on sketches he made during his 1863 visit to the area. That painting shows either Mount Spalding or Mount Evans (it is ambiguous) from the Chicago Lakes, 3 miles (4.8 km) north-northwest, but Bierstadt and his guide William Byers climbed onward to the summit of either Evans or Spalding (the account is ambiguous).[5]
See also [ edit ]
In 2009 an Israeli geologist discovered oil embedded in rock in the ground southwest of Jerusalem. There's lots of it — and it could change the Middle East forever
Nir Elias / REUTERS A worker walks near an oil rig belonging to Zion Oil and Gas in Karkur, in northern Israel, on Oct. 17, 2010.
One day in August 2009, a geologist named Yuval Bartov sank a drill into the ground southwest of Jerusalem, pulled up a cylinder of rock and, in the same motion, turned the world upside down. The rock contained oil, something that Israel has never had. The oil did not happen to be in liquid form, but the geologist knew someone with a plan to change that.
Bartov works with Harold Vinegar, an oil-industry legend who during a career as chief scientist for Shell helped pioneer methods to basically melt oil out of rock while it is still underground, then pump the liquid to the surface for collecting. Now, working for a company called Israel Energy Initiatives (IEI), both men are preparing to test the method in hopes of exploiting Israeli oil reserves that, in the form of rock, appear to be as large as the oil that sits below the surface of the Saudi Arabian desert in liquid form.
“We think that within a decade we can get 50,000 to 100,000 barrels a day,” says Relik Shafir, IEI chief executive officer.
The product is called oil shale, and unhelpfully so, because that's far too easily confused with shale oil, which is something else altogether (shale oil exists in liquid form, but in tiny amounts that must be loosened before being harvested; it's also known as tight oil). The better term for the form Israel's oil takes may be kerogen, the name for the organic matter embedded in rock — any rock, not necessarily shale — that, were it buried a few hundred meters deeper in the earth, would have melted into petroleum. What IEI proposes to do is to warm it up right where it is, by drilling hundreds of holes into it, then slowly heating them up, through stainless steel cables unspooled to a depth of 300 m (990 ft.), where the oil-bearing rock stands. After about three years, the oil will be seeping out and can be pulled to the surface.
“Very light. Superhigh quality,” says Vinegar, holding a test tube of a sample produced by heating a slab of kerogen in a lab. “Surprisingly easy to refine, it turns out. Which makes it even more valuable.”
If this seems too good to be true, managers at IEI say Israeli officials are among those pinching themselves, even as they facilitate preparations for a test well. Not having oil has always been part of the Israeli identity. Between 1948 and '86, when Israel's state petroleum effort was finally abandoned, 440 wells were sunk in the Jewish state, every one a dry hole. Israelis joke that Moses led the Israelites into the only place in the Middle East with no petrochemical potential. Lack of oil was one more thing that separated Israel from its Arab enemies, who had lots of it. The apparent absence of oil below ground helped impel Israelis to develop alternatives — from miraculous desert agriculture to the armaments industry that spawned the “start-up nation,” including an electric-car enterprise, Better Place, marketed in part as a comeuppance to Arab oil.
All that began to change when natural gas was discovered 80 km (50 miles) off Haifa in 2009. The Tamar gas field came online in March, to great satisfaction across Israel. The gas will raise Israel's GDP a full percentage point, the Bank of Israel says, and along with a second gas find another 50 km (30 miles) out, called Leviathan, could turn Israel into an energy exporter — without stealing any thunder from the kerogen find. Vinegar says the gas would provide the power to heat the subterranean kerogen fields, at least until gas released as a by-product of the kerogen harvest is repurposed for the job.
“From our viewpoint, it couldn't be better to have discovered all this natural gas,” he says, noting a pipeline would run only 55 km (35 miles) from the coast to the work site.
Environmental concerns loom large. Israeli groups challenged IEI in court, but the high court was comforted by geological evidence that the Mountain Aquifer — which lies under the kerogen, and supplies most of Israel's drinking water — is protected by some 200 m (660 ft.) or more of impermeable rock. A similar layer lies above the kerogen, ostensibly protecting the surface from noxious emissions, another concern.
But can it be done? And at a profit? “The challenge is, Is it technically recoverable?” says Simon Henderson, energy specialist at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy. IEI is now awaiting a license from Israel's Interior Ministry for a pilot project, which will occupy a few square meters, all the scientists say they need for a single well. That will take three years, and will be informed by Vinegar's three decades of experience with Shell, which developed test sites on more complicated terrain in the American West, where a vast kerogen field lay in western Colorado's Piceance Basin.
The economics are likewise provisional. IEI estimates melting the oil in Israel's Shelfa Basin will cost about $40 a barrel — too much when oil was selling for about that, but attractive since the price has nested north of $100. Analysts expect it to stay in that vicinity. But as liquid oil grows harder to find and more expensive to extract, alternate approaches like tar sands (which contain extremely viscous oil that must be released at considerable expense) and tight oil (reached through horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing) have become cost effective. Advances in technology may make them even more so, according to Fadel Gheit, senior oil-and-gas analyst at Oppenheimer & Co.
“The people who were talking about peak oil 20 years ago are eating their words,” Gheit tells TIME, referring to dire predictions of decline as civilization passed the halfway point of earth's total supply of liquid oil. Gheit notes that the percentage of liquid oil recovered per deposit went from the low 20s to the mid-70s in the past half century, and “unconventional” oil is delivering profits while recovering much lower levels per deposit. “So imagine the upside potential in recovery — and it's not going to take 50 years,” Gheit goes on. “There are thousands of engineers and scientists working on this 24/7. One of them is going to reach the Promised Land sooner or later.”
Perhaps literally. IEI is mostly owned by Genie Energy, but investors include Jacob Rothschild, whose family built much of Israel, and the hedge-fund legend Michael Steinhardt, who chairs the IEI board. Vinegar, who is also Jewish, went to Israel after a career in an industry that, aligned as it was with the Arab world, was only too happy for an excuse to avoid working in the Jewish state. But the kerogen find in what the Bible calls Elah Valley — where David slew Goliath — not only allowed him to put his life's work into practice, it also dovetailed with a political dream.
The kerogen formation that geologist Bartov first confirmed in 2009 extends beyond Israel. It runs across the few kilometers east to the Palestinian West Bank — Vinegar flourished a sample from there, darker than the chalky Israeli sample — and into Jordan, where the known kerogen formation is as large as all of Israel itself. Shell is working with King Abdullah II to develop it, in a country that has almost no mineral resources. Egypt has potential as well.
“The truth is, Israel is sitting on the best,” says Vinegar. Its oil could well lock in the energy independence that's promised by natural gas — an independence that's first of all economic: every dollar's worth of oil or gas Israel produces is a dollar of hard currency available for other uses. But in Israel's case, energy independence also involves military security. When the country fights war, as it has every few years, insurance companies bar oil tankers from venturing into its ports. As a practical matter, that limits a war to the length of time it takes Israel to burn through petroleum it has stored.
But Vinegar sees a potential beyond hard currency, or even the brand of security provided by military assets. He envisions Israel, with its existing complex refineries, excellent infrastructure and seaports as a natural nexus for “an integrated energy zone” that spans borders and unites countries no longer quite at war, but not terribly close, either.
“Longer term, security will also come from Israel helping the countries around it,” Vinegar says. “That's a world state I would love to see.”
Step 1 - Downloads
Download a ZIP of kernel exploits here:
http://wiiu.us.to/kexploits.zip
If your browser goes "omg malware", don't blame it. It's not going to harm your computer in any way, and if you refuse to download it even though it will do nothing to your computer, you can do whatever you wish. If you want to hack your WiiU, proceed to download and make an exception with your virus/malware detector on the ZIP. First thing you have to do are download the kernel exploits.Download a ZIP of kernel exploits here:If your browser goes "omg malware", don't blame it. It's not going to harm your computer in any way, and if you refuse to download it even though it will do nothing to your computer, you can do whatever you wish. If you want to hack your WiiU, proceed to download and make an exception with your virus/malware detector on the ZIP.
Open up the ZIP you just downloaded. There are multiple files that start with payload and index.html, frame.html. The payloads are for your WiiU version number. For example:
payload532.html -> 5.3.2 Kernel Exploit
payload500.html -> 5.0.0 Kernel Exploit
payload410.html -> 4.1.0 Kernel Exploit
payload300.html -> 3.0.0 Kernel Exploit
frame.html -> Needed for all of the exploits, except for 5.3.2.
index.html -> The file literally nobody should care about.
Step 2 - Preparing your hosting environment
Step 3 - Running the exploits
The next part is fairly simple. You open up the internet browser on your WiiU, and you open up the URL bar and navigate to where the exploit lies. (You can add as a bookmark to save time.) If it's successful, it will reopen the pause menu. If it fails, it will do the following:
Freezes
Black Screen
" on it Black screen with "Race attack failed" on it
Black screen with "Failed to find DRVA or DRVHAX"
If it does fail, keep trying. It will eventually work.
A few things I did to make it work better:
Once a failure occurs, hardreset the WiiU. Then do a manual reset (quickly pushing the button to turn it off)
Keep tabs open with Google (sometimes, I doubt this helps)
When the kernel exploit works, refrain from turning it off, or crashing the WiiU.
Now take notice, this exploit is not the most reliable. Use it wisely.
The red 2006 Subaru WRX only makes a brief but memorable appearance in the opening act of this summer's hit heist movie Baby Driver, but it would appear it made quite the impact considering the price one of the stunt cars just sold for on eBay.
When we initially discovered (one of) Baby Driver's stunt WRXs on eBay, the auction bidding was at $19,000, which had some of us already declaring it too expensive for what it was worth.
Take into account the specific car in question was modified to be rear-wheel drive for the particular drifting stunts it was built to accomplish in the movie, along with some other minor upgrades, and you have a WRX that's not exactly even a WRX anymore.
The winning bid after a week-long auction on eBay for the Baby Driver WRX came in at a staggering $69,100. It seems the camera takes off ten pounds and increases value ten-fold, because that's a ridiculous sum for a likely-beat-to-shit half-wheel drive WRX with 168,000 miles on the clock.
Advertisement
If you're the lucky winner of the car, reach out to us at tips@jalopnik.com. We'd love to meet up with you and see the car at some point. Maybe we can check out filming locations in Atlanta with it and reminisce one of the better summer movies this year.
A bill is being fast-tracked through the Senate which would require law enforcement to obtain a warrant before being allowed to access online communications of American citizens.
The bill, being pushed by the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, Patrick Leahy, has wide bi-partisan support, with an aide indicating Leahy is "way past" the 60 votes needed to avoid a filibuster.
If passed, the bill would be the first congressional act in many years to reduce, rather than expand, the government's ability to spy on Americans' digital communications.
While it is clear NSA surveillance revelations are behind the current push to pass this particular bill, it would not affect NSA surveillance powers. It would, however, make it much more difficult for law enforcement to access private data stored online.
Currently, police could compel internet providers to turn over users' digital data with nothing more than a subpoena. According to The Hill, Leahy's bill would change this:
Under the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA) of 1986, police only need a subpoena, issued without a judge's approval, to force Internet companies to turn over emails that have been opened or that are more than 180 days old. When lawmakers passed ECPA more than 25 years ago, they failed to anticipate that email providers would offer massive online storage. They assumed that if a person hadn't downloaded and deleted an email within six months, it could be considered abandoned and wouldn't require strict privacy protections.
Major internet companies, such as Google and Microsoft, are fully behind the bill, and while there is some congressional resistance on both sides of the aisle in the House and Senate, momentum for the bill's passage is substantial and encouraging.
Clearly, many in Congress want to be seen as having voted on legislation that limits the ability for law enforcement to spy on Americans, a sign some in Congress are bowing to public opinion against NSA surveillance.
While this legislation does not affect the NSA's massive and unchecked surveillance powers, it is step in the right direction.
Hopefully, it is a first step.
Follow @David_EHG
SecureDrop at The Globe and Mail
SecureDrop at
The Globe and Mail
What is it?
The Globe and Mail's SecureDrop service provides a way to share information with our journalists with more security and anonymity than traditional means. The software comes from the Freedom of the Press Foundation, who have worked with other news organizations to provide a safer way for sources to talk to reporters. You can also email our journalists (without anonymity, but with encryption of the contents) using PGP.
Before getting started
To reduce the probability that a third party, such as your employer or a government agency, can tell that you're using SecureDrop, you should connect to it from a network that you don't normally use, such as a public wifi network at a cafe that you've never visited before.
You should also use a computer that you control, because a laptop issued to you by your employer may contain monitoring software that captures keystrokes or tracks the sites that you visit.
It might help you to watch this step-by-step video on how to contact us using SecureDrop. It illustrates many of the principles outlined below.
I'm at a coffee shop with my computer, now what?
Once you are connected to a network that you don't normally use, download and install the Tor Browser – this provides an anonymous web browser that you can use to access the service Open the Tor Browser, and once a secure connection to the Tor network has been set up, enter this address in the address bar: sml5wmpuq7ifq2mh.onion Follow the instructions provided to upload files and leave messages Don't visit any other sites where your identity can be discovered in the same session
You will be allocated a unique code phrase as part of the process. If you want to check for responses later, you will need to use this code phrase. Ideally you will memorize it and not write it down. In any event, keep it safe. You should not contact our journalists in connection with your SecureDrop uploads through any other method, such via social media or email.
SecureDrop provides an anonymous connection to The Globe and Mail, and securely encrypts any files you upload to the service. However, it cannot protect the original files on your own computer, or prevent your computer from being compromised by malware. For added security we recommend using Tails, an operating system that loads from a USB stick and wipes any trace of its use when you shut down your computer. You should also consider encrypting sensitive files on your computer.
How does SecureDrop work?
SecureDrop uses the Tor network to anonymize your interactions with us. It provides a Tor hidden service, hosted on computers isolated from our main internal network and under our physical control. Files and messages uploaded to this service are encrypted using PGP, and can only be decrypted by our journalists on a dedicated air-gapped decryption station also under The Globe and Mail's control.
Files and messages may be uploaded for the attention of any of our journalists, but only a small number of senior investigative reporters have access to the decryption station. After uploads have been decrypted, they are passed securely to the intended journalist, who will treat them appropriately as sensitive data.
What protection do I have as a source if I use SecureDrop?
The Globe and Mail does not log any of your interactions with the SecureDrop system, including your visit to this page. It installs no tracking cookies or tracking software of any kind on your computer as part of the process. Your identity is not exposed to us during the upload process, and we do not know your unique code phrase. This means that even if a code phrase is compromised, we cannot comply with demands to provide documents that were uploaded by a source with that code phrase. SecureDrop itself is an open-source project that is subject to regular security audits, reducing the risk of bugs that could compromise your information.
Information provided through SecureDrop is handled appropriately by our journalists. Journalists working with uploaded files are required to use only computers with encrypted hard drives and follow security best practices. Anonymous sources are a critical element of journalism, and The Globe and Mail has always protected its sources to the best of its abilities. In most circumstances, there will be no need to require any information from you. However, there may be times when a Globe and Mail journalist might seek your permission to meet before certain information is published. The use of anonymous sources is governed by our Editorial Code of Conduct.
No form of communication, electronic or otherwise, can be made 100% secure. Correct use of the SecureDrop service, along with appropriate security precautions on your own computer, will provide you with a greater level of security than traditional methods. As with all other methods, we will take all the steps we can to protect you as a source, but use is at your own risk.
The consultation paper will set out proposed arrangements that aims to deliver a consistent approach to managing parking in Scotland. It invites views on how we can improve the clarity of the laws on parking, what restrictions that should be applied, the exceptions that should be granted, how those responsible can deliver an integrated approach to managing parking, how we should tackle displacement of vehicles and support town centre regeneration whilst improving accessibility for all.
Why We Are Consulting
In May 2015, Sandra White MSP, introduced the Footway Parking and Double-Parking (Scotland) Bill. However, the Bill was not enacted into law as the Scottish Parliament did not have power to legislate on the reserved matter. The Scottish Government made a commitment in December 2015 to progress this important matter once powers on parking were devolved. On 24 March 2016, the Scotland Act 2016 received Royal Assent, and powers to legislate on parking matters were devolved to the Scottish Parliament.
Due to the complex nature of parking and level of concerns that were raised by stakeholders in relation to Ms White's Bill, the Scottish Government set out a general intention to use the powers devolved by the Scotland Act 2016 to legislate on parking. The findings of the stakeholder consultation will inform the development of the parking provisions in the Government's Bill and supporting guidance to be introduced in this Parliamentary session.
Download the consultation paper.
As Ohio State's efforts to compile a resume worthy of title game consideration is the only Big Ten story of note on a national scale, it's first worth considering how Buckeye fans should view the game in East Lansing. The answer is that their egos will not need to mediate a dispute between their ids and super-egos: Ohio State backers should be rooting for a Michigan loss. The ideal scenario for the Bucks is that Wisconsin wins out, giving Ohio State one marquee win in the rear-view mirror, and that Michigan State arrives in Indianapolis at 11-1, which would give the Buckeyes a second potential 10-point stag to stuff and display over their fireplace for poll voters.
Michigan is not the team that Ohio State wants to see winning the Legends Division, because any scenario in which the Buckeyes are in national title contention, Ohio State will have beaten Michigan the previous week in Ann Arbor. Voters are unlikely to give Ohio State much of a reward for beating the same team in consecutive weeks, especially a team befouled by the stench of narrow escapes against Akron (Football Outsiders F/+ No. 103) and UConn (No. 100) this season.
No, Ohio State would much rather play Michigan State, a team that: (1) the Bucks miss in the regular season; and (2) will bring an outstanding defense, thereby creating an attention-grabbing offense vs. defense narrative for the game. Throw in a dose of the recency effect, and Ohio State might be able to make a strong closing argument if they get to 13-0 with a neutral-site win over Sparty. However, to be in that position, they need Michigan State to win on Saturday.
More: Big Ten Legends division final projections
Happily for Ohio State fans, there are a number of factors that point to a Michigan State victory on Saturday:
1. This is a game that Mark Dantonio wins.
Dantonio is 4-2 against Michigan. The two losses were a 28-24 decision in Dantonio's first year -- in which Michigan State blew a 10-point fourth quarter lead -- and a 12-10 decision last year, a game in which Michigan's Brendan Gibbons booted a 38-yard field goal on the penultimate play. Of Dantonio's four wins over the Wolverines, three were by multiple scores and the fourth only went to overtime after the Spartans dominated most of the 2009 game and then allowed Tate Forcier (remember him?) to lead a pair of fourth quarter touchdown drives. In other words, Dantonio is closer to 5-1 or even 6-0 against Michigan than he is to 3-3.
The performance of Dantonio's teams versus the spread against Michigan has been even more impressive:
Year Spread Result 2007 Michigan -4 Michigan by 4 2008 MSU -4 MSU by 14 2009 MSU -4 MSU by 6 2010 Michigan -4.5 MSU by 17 2011 MSU -3 MSU by 14 2012 Michigan -9.5 Michigan by 2
Simply put, Dantonio's teams outperform their track records against Michigan. The Spartans have covered in the past five meetings by a collective 55 points. The Vegas odds are set primarily on the basis of how the two teams have done over the course of the season. Whatever levels the casinos and betting sites have attributed to those two teams, Michigan State has played above that level against Michigan under Mark Dantonio (or perhaps Michigan has played below those levels). The guy knows the game that matters most to his fan base, and his teams consistently deliver good performances in that game.
2. This is a game that Brady Hoke loses.
While Dantonio has a sample size of six games against Michigan, which unfortunately is what often passes for a proper sample when analyzing college football games, Brady Hoke has coached only twice against Michigan State and is 1-1. However, Hoke's teams have played enough games away from Michigan Stadium for us to say that they have a pattern of struggling when they leave Washtenaw County. Hoke is 19-0 at home, but only 5-6 in road games and 6-8 in combined road and neutral site match-ups.
Moreover, the list of teams that Hoke's teams have beaten on the road isn't exactly a murderer's row:
Opponent Score F/+ Ranking of Opponent 2011 Northwestern 42-24 59 2011 Illinois 31-14 53 2012 Purdue 44-13 76 2012 Minnesota 35-13 79 2013 UConn 24-21 100
Given that the 2011 Illinois team was in full-on get-Ron Zook-fired collapse mode when Michigan played them in 2011, Hoke's best road win after two and a half years on the job is a victory over a Northwestern team that finished 6-7. Michigan State is currently ranked 25th in the F/+ rankings, so if the Wolverines were to beat the Spartans, it would constitute by far the best road victory of Hoke's career in Ann Arbor. In other words, just as Michigan State losing as a six-point favorite* would break a pattern of Dantonio's teams matching or exceeding the oddsmakers' expectations, Hoke's team winning a road game against a quality opponent would be something novel.
*Note that the line has moved 2.5 points in Sparty's direction since it opened. I'm not the only one feeling pessimistic about Michigan's prospects on Saturday.
3. Michigan State's strength meets Michigan's weakness.
Michigan fans started the season worried about the interior of the offensive line. Thanks to Rich Rodriguez's subpar recruiting at the position and the snail-like manner in which Hoke was hired (thus damaging Michigan's 2011 recruiting class), Michigan has exactly one scholarship upperclassman at guard or center, and that guy, Chris Bryant, is still recovering from a broken leg suffered last year.
At the outset of the 2013 campaign, Michigan's interior starters were a three-star sophomore (Jack Miller), a walk-on sophomore (Graham Glasgow), and a five-star redshirt freshman (Kyle Kalis). Oddly enough, Glasgow is the only one of the three who has not been benched, and his new wingmen are a redshirt freshman who has been moved from tackle (Erik Magnuson) and a true freshman (Kyle Bosch).
Xs and Os: How is Michigan State's defense so good?
And if there is any team that can attack an inexperienced, suspect interior offensive line, it's Michigan State. Defensive coordinator Pat Narduzzi loves him that double A-gap blitz. They killed unbeaten Michigan with it in 2011 and then used it in 2012 to hold a favored Michigan team without a touchdown. And the two linebackers who featured most heavily in the aforementioned breakdown of Michigan State's use of the blitz against Michigan -- Max Bullough and Denicos Allen -- are both still around to torment the Wolverines.
If the Wolverines couldn't handle this blitz in 2011 -- when the interior of the offensive line was a Rimington Award-winning center, a senior guard, and a junior guard -- or in 2012 -- when the interior of the offensive line was a trio of seniors (albeit two of the three were liabilities and hadn't started until their senior seasons for a reason) -- then what chance do they have in 2013 with a walk-on sophomore and a pair of freshmen?*
*One additional complicating factor: in the last two seasons, Michigan could deploy Vincent Smith at tailback. Smith, who was last seen as the recipient of a Jadaveon Clowney hit of some repute, was an above-average blocker. An above-average blocking running back is critical against the double A-gap blitz, and Michigan doesn't have one anymore.
4. Pat Narduzzi versus Al Borges.
It might seem churlish to rip on an offensive coordinator whose team is eighth nationally in scoring offense and whose last outing saw his attack put up 751 yards while breaking a number of school records, but the matchup of coordinators when Michigan has the ball will be uneven.
Narduzzi is outstanding at what he does. His raw material is a starting lineup composed of only two players who got four-star ratings in the 247 composite rankings. His output is a unit that is fourth in defensive F/+, third in scoring defense, and first in yards per play allowed. Unless you assume that Dantonio is the true architect of Michigan State's defense, you won't find a better-performing coordinator than Narduzzi.
On the other side, you have Al Borges, whose offenses have put up 26 points total in two meetings against Narduzzi. Every starter in the Michigan lineup got at least four stars from the 247 composite rankings, save for the tailback, the fullback, one wide receiver, and the center. Despite that talent, Michigan's offense played a large role in the near-disasters against Akron and UConn. It then produced the bizarre Penn State performance, in which Borges's steadfast commitment to the tailback running game generally and the tackle-over formation specifically produced so many failed running plays that one Michigan blog concluded that Borges needs to go, because of his "simple refusal to properly use the tools at his disposal," and a second dubbed one of his calls "the dumbest play in the history of football."
So you have a superlative defensive coordinator against an offensive coordinator whose performances are uneven. The brief history between these two coordinators is that the defensive guy wins, in no small part because the favored blitz tactic of the defensive guy hasn't been solved by the offensive guy.
How do you think this matchup is going to play out? (Note: this question is rhetorical.)
More from SB Nation college football:
Follow @SBNationCFBFollow @SBNRecruiting
• Full Week 10 college football TV schedule guide
• FAU coaches gone due to smoking marijuana, apparently
• Why Florida State would be favored to beat Oregon
• The Alphabetical, Week 9, by Spencer Hall
• Long reads: Chip Kelly's New Hampshire laboratory | Why we love college football
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. - With the National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) Tournament starting this weekend, brackets are in full swing as teams begin their “March to Minneapolis” where the NCHC will crown its tournament champion at the Frozen Faceoff. Teams won't be the only thing advancing in a bracket over the next two weeks however, as once again, fans will decide the Play of the Year in the NCHC through a bracket-style tournament.
During the season, the NCHC has posted the Top 5 Plays of the Week, presented by TRIA Orthopaedics, each Tuesday. Like in past seasons, the NCHC has taken the best No. 1 plays from 16 weeks during the season and bracketed them. Starting today, Wednesday, March 8, fans will vote on which play advances to the next round based on the bracket match-ups. Voting will only last approximately one day for each match-up, culminating in the 2016-17 Play of the Year being announced during the Championship Game of the 2017 NCHC Frozen Faceoff at Target Center March 18.
The 2016-17 Play of the Year bracket is below with one or two match-ups posted on NCHCHockey.com each day (except Sunday, March 12) leading up to the Frozen Faceoff.
The schedule for each round of voting is as follows:
Wednesday, March 8 - Two first-round match-ups
Thursday, March 9 - Two first-round match-ups
Friday, March 10 - Two first-round match-ups
Saturday, March 11 – Two first-round match-ups
Monday, March 13 – Two quarterfinal match-ups
Tuesday, March 14 – Two quarterfinal match-ups
Wednesday, March 15 - Semifinal 1
Thursday, March 16 – Semifinal 2
Friday, March 17 – Championship match-up
Saturday, March 18 – Play of the Year revealed at NCHC Frozen Faceoff
The first two first-round match-ups will be posted to NCHCHockey.com Wednesday night. Each match-up on NCHCHockey.com (and NCHC.tv) will show both plays and have a poll for fans to vote on the better play with the highest vote total advancing. Fans may only vote once per day per match-up with the winners announced in the following day's match-up story.
The defending Play of the Year champion is North Dakota's Nick Schmaltz, who is now playing for the Chicago Blackhawks in the NHL, meaning we'll have a new Play of the Year champion this season.
The video below shows all 16 plays up for 2016-17 Play of the Year to get you ready for the tournament!
Petr Cech has bailed Arsenal out on a number of occasions this season, with big saves in crucial moments of games that showed why Arsene Wenger bought him in 2015. But there's one area where Cech hasn't had much luck since joining the Gunners: penalties.
Cech has faced seven penalties since making the switch from Chelsea without saving any of them. In fact, the veteran goalkeeper -- widely considered one of the best ever -- has not saved a spot kick in a Premier League game since 2011. That's an eye-catching statistic for a man of Cech's stature, and since Arsenal have given up five penalties in the league already -- more than in their last two seasons combined -- it's worth digging into a bit deeper.
The numbers
Cech has faced 12 penalties in the Premier League since the 2011-12 season. Two of those missed the target, while the other 10 were scored. In other words, not a single save by one of the best goalkeepers in the world.
That's remarkable considering Cech has quite a good record overall when it comes to spot kicks. According to Transfermarkt, 16 of the 64 penalties Cech has faced in all competitions in his career were either saved or missed the target. Of course, that includes one of his most career-defining moments, when he denied Bayern Munich's Arjen Robben from the spot in extra time of the 2012 Champions League final. (It does not include the save he made from Ivica Olic in the ensuing shootout, or Bastian Schweinsteiger's effort that hit the post as Chelsea won their first European Cup.)
Petr Cech was beaten by Charlie Adam's penalty for Stoke at the weekend.
A possible weakness?
So is Cech's Premier League record just a statistical anomaly, or is there something more to it? Turns out that when those penalties are analysed a bit deeper, a possible weakness becomes apparent: The penalty taker sent Cech the wrong way on the last 10 spot kicks he faced in the league.
Here's a look at how they were scored:
Arsenal 3-1 Stoke -- Dec. 10, 2016
Charlie Adam put Stoke ahead by calmly sliding the ball into the right-hand corner of the net as Cech dove the other way.
Arsenal 3-1 Bournemouth -- Nov. 27, 2016
Callum Wilson netted for the visitors with a shot into the left-hand corner as Cech went the other direction.
Arsenal 1-1 Tottenham -- Nov. 6, 2016
Harry Kane equalised in the North London derby with a shot straight down the middle. Cech dove to his left.
Sunderland 1-4 Arsenal -- Oct. 29, 2016
Cech guessed to his right but Jermain Defoe slotted it high to the other side.
Hull 1-4 Arsenal -- Sept. 17, 2016
Robert Snodgrass blasted his spot kick into the top left corner. Cech went the wrong way again, although there was no stopping that effort either way.
Arsenal 2-1 Leicester -- Feb. 14, 2016
Jamie Vardy put the hosts ahead by slamming his effort into the lower right corner, with Cech going to the left.
Stoke 0-4 Chelsea -- Jan. 12, 2013
Cech dove to his left only to see Jonathan Walters -- who had netted two own goals earlier in the game -- blast his effort down the centre, but against the crossbar.
Manchester City 2-1 Chelsea -- March 21, 2012
Cech guessed wrong as Sergio Aguero slotted the ball into the lower left corner.
Chelsea 3-3 Manchester United -- Feb. 5, 2012
Wayne Rooney beat Cech twice from the spot, scoring in opposite sides of the net with Cech going the wrong way both times. The first one was an unstoppable blast into to the roof of the net to the left, the second was perfectly placed just inside the right post.
Conclusion
So does that mean Cech has become easy to read? In the 2012 Champions League final shootout he guessed the right way on all five penalties, but that was against players who were less familiar with him. In the Premier League, though, his opponents are regularly getting the better of Cech. Whether that's because they have successfully learned to interpret his body language and movements is anyone's guess. But it seems Cech may need to try something different to throw them off.
Mattias is ESPN FC's Arsenal correspondent. Follow him on Twitter: @MattiasKaren.
“The beauty of a woman is in her eyes “- the ancient saying goes this way. Furthermore, adoringly arched eyebrows will add to the charm of their eyes. Which women do not like to have catchy and shaped eyebrows? Whether it is a crooked one, a long narrow one or even a feathery touch added to the shape would keep your face always toward the sunshine.Here we focus to bring out the pros and cons of microblading .
Eyebrow threading and microblading are just the ways to add the natural splendor of eyebrows by shaping it in a way that is best for your face. While threading has to be done on a frequent basis, microblading is like a permanent makeup. Rather than just being a method to shape the natural brows, microblading can help women to have the thickness and length they desire, so that they would seem to have a well endowed and charming eyebrows. Being a technique which is performed by manually depositing pigment, superficially in the upper region of the dermis, it has many pros and cons. Even though its exceptional natural finish and usage of high precision equipments, has won the heart of every woman, the pain and discomfort included might be a matter of concern.
Pros and Cons of Microblading – Permanent Cosmetic solution to Eyebrows
Being one of the most sought after face beautifying technique today, the pros and cons of microblading must be precisely understood. Even though it's perfect and unmatched finish is the most all-natural-looking way of correcting sparse or uneven eyebrows, one concern is that it actually requires cutting into the skin with a blade and a single session can have more than a hundred small cuts. Skilled work can result in safe rendering of the technique, but it can lead to skin damage if the person is not trained and ignores to take the necessary sterilization steps etc. The microblading aftercare is very important as the new brows must be clean and moisturized always and for the first few days, makeup should be avoided.
Microblading / 3d eyebrow embroidery
Microblading is a technique which is most preferred today, to have the eyebrows of your choice rather than the naturally endowed one. It is a new cosmetic tattoo technique that fills brows or reshapes them by drawing on tiny lines that resemble individual hairs. It is like, manually tattooing your brows with a dedicated tool that looks like a slender knife but isn't a blade at all. The skilled people that do microblading arrange tiny needles so they can make small incisions in the skin with the tool's tip depending on the thickness and depth of hair strokes they want to etch. After each stroke, the needle is dipped into the pigment and it is allowed to seep into the skin. Prior to the procedure, the skin has to be disinfected and a numbing cream can be used. Properly sterilized needles of high quality should be used.
Read Also: Naturally Thick Eyebrows Tips
You may be aware that celebs spend a huge amount to get their brows done in most professional way . This is because eyebrows have the power to enhance your beauty more than the way you think . Same way if your eyebrow gone wrong then your look gets ruined as never before . Recently Rihanna hired a model who resembles just like her in looks to try different eyebrow style on the model before she does it on her eyebrow .
So think how important is eyebrows when it comes to your glam look.
Pros of microblading
Being the perfect choice to get beautiful eyebrows, it helps to have your brows shaped without losing any hairs. The uneven eyebrows can be corrected too. Very few touch ups are required if microblading is done and we need not do it frequently as in threading.
The effect last for a long time and as your choice differs you can have a thick eyebrow or sleek, slender one or even a feathery one. Women who have lost their brows due to certain health issues can have their dream brows back using microblading. Furthermore you can wake up with your makeup, that is, you need not draw your brows every time as you put the regular wake up, as it is a semi everlasting technique.
Cons of microblading
Infection is one of the primary downside of microblading. The use of unsterile and low quality equipments can lead to many skin issues. Apart from being an expensive method, the makeup removal is quite painful and can lead to scarification. Also, in many cases allergic skin reactions are a possibility, it is the microblading side effects. The numbing cream and the ink used might not be favorable to all skin types. The after care is very complicated as it is important not to wear any makeup on or around your eyebrows for the first few days. Also, sweating your brows should be avoided. Above all if the person doing it, is not properly skilled, it can lead to permanent scarring and can cause adverse effects as the procedure involves cutting into your skin with needles.
So that is all about the cons of microblading eyebrows.
How long does microblading last?
Being a form of cosmetic tattooing, microblading can last from two to five years with proper touch up and care. The results can however vary according to how expensive it is. There are less expensive ones that can last for one to two years too.
Eyebrow Makeup After Microblading Eyebrows
This is a common question at the desk of every brow specialist or a microblading specialist . You may be aware that you can wash face after microblading but you cannot wash your microbladed eyebrows soon . Don't even get it wet or sweat .
When it comes to eyebrow makeup after microblading then the answer is don't apply any sort of brow makeups for minimum 15 days and super maximum a month of time to get your microbladed brows last longer for 1 to 3 years .
Precautions before Microblading Procedure
Please girls don't skip this part as you might have never told these precautions before microblading procedure –
Stay away from sun tanning before microblading thus your skin tone without tan can make your eyebrow look much pretty on your face .
Stay away from alcohol before the procedure inorder to prevent thinning of blood
No bleach , no scrub , no chemical peeling on skin before 3 weeks of taking this procedure .
How to take care of the eyebrows after microblading – Aftercare Tips for Microblading
It is important to take care of the brows for first the few days after microblading.
Avoid wetting or sweating the brows. Wearing makeup must be avoided. If any kind of discomfort is felt, the eyebrows must be gently wiped with alcoholic wipe. Even though itching is expected never rub the treated area. Touch up must be taken after the initial twelve weeks to ensure that it lasts longer. In short you can gently wipe the brows or use grape seed oil for the first few days.
Just leave the treated area with mild care initially and you can have naturally looking, beautiful eyebrows for a long time.
Microblading or 3D eyebrow embroidery is a technique to have the eyebrows of your choice. The dream of every girl to have beautifully shaped thick eyebrows or a slender one can be fulfilled now. With proper care before and after microblading, you can have amazing eyebrows. Microblading can be done for unparalleled natural finish for the brows. And as is said, “let the brows speak for you”.
The fifth entry for our Deep Reads blog series is written by Andreas Vilhelmsson, a post-doctoral researcher at the Department of Global Political Studies at Malmö University, Sweden. His research focuses mostly on patient reporting of adverse drug reactions and pharmaceutical regulation with respect to health policy and public health, but he is also interested in broader global health issues like climate change and welfare systems. Currently, he is also writing for the PLOS Student Blog due to his passion for writing and reaching a broader audience.
Laurie Garrett (2000). Betrayal of Trust: the Collapse of Global Public Health. New York: Hyperion
It's not every day you read something that completely alters your perspective. A couple of years ago, I stumbled upon the book Betrayal of Trust: the Collapse of Global Public Health by Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Laurie Garrett. At the time, as a PhD-student, I did not think of public health and genetics in the same sentence, but this changed upon reading this book. What Garrett did was to explore the conditions contributing to the epidemics she described and to stress the importance of genetics in current and future public health.
All of a sudden, public health was also a tale of global security and biological warfare; without the knowledge of modern genetics it would be impossible to comprehend such things as viruses, antibiotic resistance, immunology and inherited disease. You see, Garrett had not just written a book handling the present and future public health; Betrayal of Trust was also a guide to the history, in which Garrett describes, for instance, how Russian scientists had developed a genetically modified strain of anthrax that was resistant to all vaccines and antibiotics, and how nations voluntarily created genetically modified “superbugs”. The scientists she portrayed combined basic biology and public health in an unprecedented manner – it was almost like reading a thriller! Later, this kind of research led to the ethical discussions we have today regarding the controversial research on Avian Influenza A/H5N1, where scientists used mutant strains to construct a deadly virus.
Like no other author I had previously encountered, Garrett vividly described the resurgence and spread of drug-resistant strains of disease-causing microbes and the ongoing threat to our health they still represent. As a PhD student in public health, taking my first steps towards an unforeseeable future, this book captured me with the way it described the extraordinary capacity microbes have for generating genetic variation and thus developing antibiotic resistance. Of course I had some understanding of antibiotic resistance, but this was before the public health community and the world at large had begun to understand (at least in a noticeable way) and acknowledge the challenge antimicrobial resistance poses to global public health. Back then, it was more seen as a healthcare-related problem and not a public health problem. Now we know that the methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) bacteria can even affect us outside the walls of the hospital.
The Betrayal of Trust, in a very straightforward manner, gives its reader valuable insights in to how resilient and mutated strains of multidrug-resistant bacteria and tuberculosis-causing mycobacteria have evolved by natural selection and flourished, in part by the overuse and misuse of antimicrobial drugs. Once a triumph for global public health, tuberculosis has yet again become a problem, with drug-resistant strains of the microbe. Over time, Garrett writes, an intricate web of human activities had been directly promoting the evolution of bacteria and their resultant resistance to antibiotic drugs. Antibiotics were, and are, highly overused worldwide, and in nearly half of all common infections, inappropriately prescribed to treat viral rather than bacterial conditions. Widespread use of antibiotics in the livestock industry provides further pressure for the evolution of superbugs.
What is most saddening is the decline in public health on the global arena – almost to a state of chaos – that Garrett describes. In detail she explains how poorly prepared the world's public health systems are to deal with disease outbreaks. Even with the expertise of modern medicine, people in the industrialized world may be surprised to find that they are totally unprepared for the challenges of a forthcoming global public health catastrophe.
As Garrett argues, we need to develop new and continuing global partnerships with an ambitious, comprehensive agenda to readdress public health policies for the intervention and prevention of epidemic infectious disease. Today, many of us trust the effectiveness of medical science and our public health systems for protection, but at the same time we live in a world in which new pathogens emerge and old infectious diseases can reemerge, mutated and even more dangerous than before. Here we have the genetic knowledge to work towards solving many of these threats, and I hope we start focusing on this as a wider community.
The Betrayal of Trust truly inspired me as a public health researcher and encouraged me to broaden my view on public health and understand all public health problems as essentially global public health problems. The book is a must-read for every public health student (and everyone else!).
It's somehow been almost a decade since Ken Levine and Irrational kicked off Bioshock by hurtling everyone into the Atlantic Ocean in a small passenger jet. While morality plays about Ayn Rand and the ethics of murdering children haven't exactly remained in vogue, it's tough to make the case that Bioshock and its sequels didn't leave a mark on how games use environments and interactivity to tell stories. If you missed them the first time, 2K, with some help from Blind Squirrel Entertainment, has remastered all three games in the Bioshock series for Xbox One, PS4 and PC.
Bioshock: The Collection will be released in the US on September 13 and contains versions of Bioshock, Bioshock 2, and Bioshock Infinite tuned to run in 1080p and at 60FPS. The multiplayer from the second game has been excised, but the Minerva's Den DLC is included. Bioshock Infinite's optional rewards packs will be available to players who pre-order the collection.
In addition to the graphic overhaul, Blind Squirrel has stashed golden reels around the games (“mostly” the first one, apparently) that will gradually unlock Imagining Bioshock: Making Rapture Real, a new ten-part interview with series director Ken Levine and animation lead Shawn Robertson talking about the genesis of gaming's most infamous underwater art deco stem cell dystopia.
We've played a bit of the remasters, and the first two games do look a good deal better (Infinite looks fine, but it just came out three years ago). The improved textures and depth of color accentuate Rapture's majesty and decrepitude in ways Levine and his cohorts could hardly have imagined the first time around. The remasters will certainly place a renewed emphasis on the games' graphics—and the clarity they lend Rapture's innovative level and environment design. Revisiting the Medical Pavilion's sense of foreboding and Fort Frolic's creepy theatricality struck me with what was great about them the first time around.
Despite nearly equaling its predecessor's sales numbers, Bioshock 2 feels nearly forgotten in comparison to the original and Infinite. Its inclusion here, and especially the inclusion of Minerva's Den, merits a close look. Minerva's Den, besides having acted as a sort of farm program for well-known indie developers, remains a supremely impressive example of narrative DLC. (There's a case to be made that the brevity required from a 4-5 hour DLC actually improves upon the series' tendency to bloviate about righteous altruism or having to hear both sides.)
Walking along the ocean floor early in Minerva's Den felt sufficiently great for me to realize that Soma—maybe the best walking-along-the-ocean-floor game ever—lifted a surprising amount of its vibe from Minerva's Den. “The weird one” in a series tends to slowly but surely pick up steam (Yoshi's Island forever), and it feels distinctly possible that The Collection will serve as a well-deserved moment in the sun for Bioshock 2.
Much was made of Bioshock's story at the time it was released, with its high-minded feints towards Objectivism and the nature of free will standing in stark contrast to the mid-'00's parade of space marines and increasingly linear JRPGs. Over time, though, the shockwave created by the game's plot twists has softened some, and This remasters have come along at just the right time to suggest that, maybe, Bioshock's environments and mood were the best things going for it all along. That kind of reappraisal is the best thing that can come out of reissues such as Bioshock: The Collection. Besides, it seems like a pretty Randian move to put your best foot forward in the name of cementing your own legacy.
Joe Bernardi is a writer and web developer living in Brooklyn. His words have appeared in Dusted Magazine, the Boston Phoenix and Tiny Mix Tapes, among other places. He's got both a Twitter and a blog.
This is one of the those places that if people only knew existed, would be an absolute hot spot on the global watch lovers tour. Sitting above Breguet's beautiful boutique on the Place Vendôme in Paris is a Breguet museum, and a remarkably impressive one at that. It's a museum that until I visited it this past week, I, frankly, did not even know existed. And if you're a fan of horology at all, it is nothing short of a "must-see". Here's why:
Breguet as we know it today is a large and somewhat secretive manufacture of high-end timepieces. They regularly tout themselves as some of the finest watches in the world, and they've spent a literal fortune on ensuring that watch lovers en masse know this is indeed the brand founded by Abraham-Louis Breguet, indisputably the most important watchmaker that ever lived. That's all well and good, but it's very easy to gloss over all that without actual SEEING the connection between the Swatch-owned Breguet of today and the watchmaker to the king(s, queens, generals, and all around bad-asses) of yesteryear - you can see it remarkably clearly at the Breguet museum in Paris.
Get a hobby.
In a stunning feat of investigative journalism, New York Times columnist David Brooks has finally determined exactly why the American people find Hillary Clinton so unlikable.
It's because she doesn't have any hobbies.
Hmm. That doesn't seem right.
“What exactly do so many have against her?” Brooks wonders. “I would begin my explanation with this question: Can you tell me what Hillary Clinton does for fun? We know what Obama does for fun — golf, basketball, etc … But when people talk about Clinton, they tend to talk of her exclusively in professional terms.”
Yes. Hillary Clinton's likability problem does not stem from the fact that we inhabit a society still influenced by subtle sexism, but instead that she just doesn't seem all that fun. Maybe if she didn't take the job of running for leader of the free world so damn seriously, she'd have more time for knitting, or Ping-Pong, or binge-watching old episodes of Gilmore Girls.
Of course the kind of fanatical work ethic that's valued in men is scorned in women: Because she's a woman, Clinton's dogged dedication to her job becomes a hurdle to overcome instead of a strength. But even if his theory is true and people wish Hillary would show us her softer side, exactly why they expect that of her does not factor into Brooks's column. In fact, the word woman doesn't appear once in the article.
Naturally, all this leads to the question … what does fellow Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders do for fun? No freakin' idea.
She had the looks, and perhaps, if she was as rich or powerful as they were, she would not have had to force her way to that table. She wasn't, and that's what made her so special. She walked up to that table with such an air of defiance and unbridled confidence, that everyone in that bar followed her every step. Not simply as bystanders either, everyone's stare was that of support. Boy, do we love underdogs.
You should have seen Percy's face contort at such an unwarranted and unexpected challenge. Her eyes fixed on Percy, she loudly proclaimed to him that she wanted a seat on the table. The silence was deafening, but there was no way that the elite table could escape answering.
I feel like I should call you out for your prejudice, but we both know that the answer was in the negative. In the same way that we know that Percy's lower class opponent was not having that. Instead, she proposed a coin toss to decide the affair — heads, she stayed.
On occasion, you might have wondered what it feels like to be under the spotlight, so I'll try to illustrate that for you. If faces are anything to go by, the limelight feels like a forge testing a sword's strength. It's the unrelenting pressure to ignore your feelings and please the crowds. It's a noose fastened around your honor.
There was no way Percy could deny her that chance. He could not deny us the chance — the opportunity to hope that for a few, meaningless seconds, we could stand up to the moguls that silently ruled us over.
The coin tossed a couple of times in the air and came to a stop on the table. I didn't have to be close to witness what face it had landed on — the girl's face eased into a satisfied smile. That was enough of an answer.
There's one thing I forgot to mention about prominence — one loss can take it all away, sweep it under a rug never to be seen again. And Percy seemed to love it far too much to lose it, for he quickly challenged her again.
You know how it goes with pompous men like Percy; winning is not just about beating their opponents, but about humiliating them, putting them in their place. I could see it in his face, his defiant smile. The stakes would be higher now. With the coin firmly in his hand, his fingers grasping his destiny, he declared the new conditions.
Under identical conditions, heads would banish Percy from the bar and have him yield his pocket watch. Tails, and order would be restored to the table. Deep down, I know that we'd both have been rooting for the same result.
The coin rose higher, spinning upon itself in a perfect arch. All gazes fixated it, as if in a trance. There was no telling where it would land, but all hopes were one. Even the barista had neglected her duties, mesmerized by the piece of metal's flight. Finally, it landed.
It's a pity that you missed it. Percy's face twisted into an involuntary grimace, before twisting into an unfamiliar, forced smile, acknowledging defeat. And yet, I could imagine just how his mind was wrestling with his instinct to not make a scene, to bow out gracefully. Perhaps the bigger shame is that he did not give in to his instincts, so I could get to know what foul matter he truly was made of.
As the fall election nears and most everyone agrees his promise of 250,000 new jobs in four years won't be met, Gov. Scott Walker is rolling out a bullish new measure of business growth -- and suggesting it shows Wisconsin could reach the mark by mid-2015.
But his impressive-sounding talking point -- that 17,000 new ready-to-hire businesses have sprung up on his watch -- crumbles upon examination.
The count of newly registered "business entities" that Walker touts includes not only new ventures that bring new jobs, but thousands with no workers on the payroll at all -- and little if any prospect of hires to come.
An analysis by PolitiFact Wisconsin found Walker's count includes:
-- Hundreds of nonprofit organizations, often volunteer-run, including Scout troops, condo associations, youth sports leagues, volunteer fire departments, historical societies, "friends" fundraising groups, scholarship funds and many more.
-- Thousands of limited-liability companies set up by real-estate investors solely to hold ownership of property or properties. Even investors as far away as Australia is on the list because they bought Wisconsin rental properties.
-- Out-of-state firms that registered in Wisconsin because they may want to do work here.
-- Startups that are just getting organized and not yet able to pay employees.
Certainly there are many job-producing startups on Walker's list.
But Walker strongly suggests to audiences that all the new entities are, or will soon be, job producers -- and at a pretty healthy level. Here's what he told a Door County business group in April 2014, when the latest count of new business entities topped 17,000:
"On average -- some will do more, some will do less -- but if in the next year or so they each add up to 10 new employees, you add that to the more than 100,000 new jobs we've created and you see we surpass 250,000 new jobs."
Even if Walker were right, and every new filing represented a job-producing business, the PolitiFact Wisconsin analysis found this small army of eager entrepreneurs would have to create new jobs at a pace five times faster than the average for the last three years.
Doing the math
In the 2010 governor's race, Walker promised not only 250,000 net new private-sector jobs by January 2015 (the latest tally on our Walk-O-Meter shows 105,800), but a gain of 10,000 new businesses.
We have rated the business promise "In the Works" because other ways to measure "business" formations, such as through federal data on new "establishments," show far less progress.
In arguing he has exceeded the new-business figure, Walker points to tallies published by a state agency, the Department of Financial Institutions (DFI). It is the official repository for filings by newly formed business corporations, non-stock nonprofit corporations, cooperatives, limited partnerships, limited liability companies and partnerships, common law trusts, veterans organizations and certain religious corporations.
We requested DFI data running through March 31, 2014. More than 381,000 active entities were on file, up 16,751 when compared with December 2010, the month before Walker took office. That's an increase of 4.6 percent in more than three years.
The net difference jumps around.
That's because entities are created and dissolved by the tens of thousands every year (at one point in Walker's second year, there had been a net loss of entities).
Walker spokeswoman Jocelyn Webster said the governor uses the figures only as hypothetical illustration, rather than a prediction that all these entities will create jobs.
"Governor Walker is talking about how this is one path to job creation," she said, noting the number of net new entities under Walker grew to 19,959 at the end of April.
There is no way to know for sure how many of the new entities are producing jobs. We located no research on point, and the state does not ask newly registered business entities about their employment plans.
Nevertheless, when the net increase topped 11,000 in late 2013, Walker touted the growth in an Oct. 2 speech before an audience at a Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce event.
"Even if every one of them started out with just two employees, six months from now as we continue to improve the business climate in the state ... each of those two employees at each of those businesses becomes four, and then maybe six months later those four become eight and those eight become 16 and on and on down the line."
On the day of that speech, 122 entities registered with the state and are listed on the "creation" side of the equation in state records.
How many are job-producers?
We talked with a veteran attorney who handles business formations in southeastern Wisconsin and attempted to reach 33 of the registrants who filed the day of Walker's speech. Of those, 13 responded, providing a glimpse of what lies behind Walker's number.
Among the filers: The Revolution, a startup church which claims about 24 members and has no paid employees.
Stephen Feith, who works at Starbucks, said he hopes some day his church, whose members meet in each other's homes, will grow large enough to acquire property for its "alternative expression of the Christian Church" in Madison.
"This is me in Madison, trying to get this thing launched," said Feith, who is not paid as pastor to the group.
That same day, Diane Dowland registered Cudahy Auto Repair as an LLC -- but that was simply a new corporate iteration of a family business in operation for 27 years, not a new business.
In any case, the shop closed a few months ago.
More positive word came from Waterford-based GFY Supply LLC, which already has two part-time employees. The company supplies materials to roofing and sheet metal contractors. It's an offshoot of SRS Roofing and Sheet Metal Inc., said Michael Hurst, an owner of both firms. GFY plans to begin construction this summer on an 8,000-square-foot building.
"I suspect very strongly it's going to have some warehouse people and some delivery people and purchasing agents and things of that nature," Hurst said. "In a perfect world anyway. I don't have a crystal ball, but that's kind of the plan."
Los Angeles-based Bergelectric Corp. also filed. The firm describes itself as "one of the nation's top electrical contractors." But it is not moving jobs here and has no Wisconsin office.
Rather, the firm hopes to get work here, said Phil Mullane, a marketing representative for the company. As such, it was required to file.
Bob Denning, who also filed that day, told us he was not planning to open a new operation. Rather he was considering changing the name of his vinyl siding and roofing business -- Chippewa Falls-based Denning Construction. In the end, he decided to keep the name, so he did nothing further with the incorporation papers.
Risk takers we spoke to included Catherine C. Bruss, who is leaving a job with Aurora Health Care and starting Frameworks Group LLC. It's a new business with no employees other than Bruss, a Brookfield-based writer and editor.
"I have one client and I'm doing a small amount of work for him," said Bruss. "I'm finishing up my job at Aurora Health Care in mid-June and then I plan to do this exclusively."
David Burg of Eau Claire said he incorporated his business, Elite Vending, for legal reasons. He owns and manages bowling centers, and has vending machines in other businesses that he does not operate.
Asked if Elite has any employees, Burg said: "Other than myself, no."
Properties and associations
The PolitiFact Wisconsin analysis showed nonprofits make up 5 percent of the 124,800 newly created entities on Walker's watch.
Some have paid employees, others do not.
We counted more than 282 condominium associations, more than 600 athletic leagues or clubs and nearly 600 foundations. Liberal blogger Jud Lounsbury pointed out some of these categories last fall.
We spoke with the director and founder of Hybrid Pedagogy, a new "digital journal of learning, teaching and technology" that registered a nonprofit under that name Oct. 2.
"We are not likely to create any full-time jobs out of the gate," said Jesse Stommel, a University of Wisconsin-Madison liberal studies professor. "Currently, we are creating a few short-term contract positions for special projects. Ultimately, we are hoping to employ a full-time paid managing editor and assistant, but our growth plan is slow."
The Williams Bay Historical Society, another new nonrofit, has no paid positions and no plans to add jobs in the near future, said president Deb Soplanda.
More than 80 percent of the newly created business entities during Walker's term are LLCs.
As PolitiFact Wisconsin has noted several times in evaluating Walker's new-business promise, business experts caution that many LLCs are set up for tax and liability purposes and employ no one.
It's impossible to say, without calling every person registering a new firm, exactly how many of the LLCs are just for parking properties as opposed to starting up an operating business.
But more than 2,000 are named using an address or the word "property," signalling they are for real estate. And that includes only a portion of the LLCs set up for that purpose.
Indeed, the properties themselves do not even have to be located in Wisconsin.
Among those who registered real-estate LLCs on the day of Walker's speech were Daniel Cuskey of Rice Lake. He formed Heritage Bay LLC for a piece of real estate he bought in Florida.
Another property-related entity, First Weber Building Company LLC, was formed by First Weber Group, of Madison, which describes itself as Wisconsin's largest real-estate firm. The firm's chairman and CEO, James R. Imhoff Jr., told us he organized the LLC "simply to facilitate the build-out of a few subdivisions that were started before the real estate downturn."
It's common for real estate investors to register a group of rental properties in separate LLCs to spread out liability in case of a lawsuit.
Attorney Scott Christian of Delavan, who has 23 years of experience in corporate business and real-estate work, said that businesses that intend to operate are more likely to form a corporation than an LLC. Only about 13 percent of new entities created during Walker's term are some sort of business corporation.
Christian works on behalf of some mom-and-pop firms -- coffee shops, day-care centers and the like -- that are just getting started.
But a lot of his work is for passive investors, even a group from Australia who created several LLCs in Wisconsin as they purchased rental properties here as investments.
Some echo Walker at least to the extent that the increased filings are a signal of a pickup in economic activity.
"If folks are calling me it's a good sign," Christian said. "Any type of filings, even passive real estate, mean that somebody's doing something to move forward."
Congrats to Vanessa Hudgens, Sarah Hyland, The Jonas Brothers, Jordin Sparks, Kat Graham and Diego Boneta!
They're the 2012 Variety's Power of Youth honorees!
The goal of Variety‘s Power of Youth initiative is to encourage the next generation of entertainers to support the philanthropic and humanitarian causes closest to their hearts � and to use their positions in popular culture to encourage their peers and millions of fans who look up to them to do the same.
Vanessa will be honored for her work with the Make-a-Wish Foundation, Jonas Brothers for Change for the Children Foundation, Sarah for the George Lopez Foundation, Kat for The Water Project, Jordin for I'm M.A.D., Are You? for ChildHelp and Diego for Vannie E. Cook Children's Cancer & Hematology Clinic.
Sarah shared in a statement to JJJ, “The Lopez Foundation is really close to my heart and I have such a personal connection to it, especially since I've had my own kidney issues for a long time now. I am truly so grateful to be receiving an honor at Variety's Power of Youth event this year. It's so rewarding to be able to keep getting the word out about the Lopez Foundation and all the good it does.”
Head on over to JustJared.com to see what Diego told us about his honor!
More details about the event are inside the cut…
The 2012 Variety's Power of Youth event, dubbed the “World's Greatest Block Party,” presented by Cartoon Network on the Paramount Studios' “streets of New York” in Los Angeles on September 15, 2012.
This year's event, produced in conjunction with Variety's annual Youth Impact Report, features an exclusive afternoon of festivities, live performances, and PlayStation�3 (PS3�) and PlayStation�Vita (PS Vita) videogames. The day will celebrate this select group of outstanding young entertainers, chosen to receive the Variety's Power of Youth Philanthropy Award, and who, through their efforts, have made significant contributions to their chosen philanthropic and charitable causes.
The event will be hosted by the cast of Level Up.
Injury update on Joe Tomane and Stephen Moore
Aquis Brumbies winger Joe Tomane is likely to be sidelined for up to eight weeks following a knee injury suffered in Sunday's loss to the Crusaders.
The 26-year-old picked up the injury in the 76th minute of the match after clipping legs with Crusaders flanker Matt Todd as both players competed for a loose ball.
Scans have revealed that Tomane has suffered damage to his medial ligament and will need between six to eight weeks to recover.
Tomane, the Brumbies leading try-scorer this season (six), has already begun rehabilitation with the Brumbies medical team.
Meanwhile, it is a day-to-day recovery for Tomane's teammate and co-captain Stephen Moore, who suffered a serious cork to his calf muscle in the match against the Crusaders.
Moore left the field in the 42nd minute after picking up the cork in the first half.
He was rested from Brumbies training today and will undergo rehabilitation this week in a bid to be fit for Saturday's match against the Highlanders in Invercargill.
A bully has picked on a fellow classmate for the last time after his intended victim decided to stand up for himself.The video starts out in a gym locker room, where one student – the bully – is acting in a confrontational manner and reaches out in an antagonistic way. With a smile on his face, the bully tries to provoke a physical altercation with an irritating graze when his intended victim had just about enough, grabbing the bully by the wrist and giving him one last warning.He should have listened.As he couldn't allow for the little thug to disrespect him like that – especially in front of all his peers – he decided to teach him a lesson. The first swing, which was a failure to say the least, was the only one the bully got in as he spent the rest of his time fending off his “inferior” foe.Needless to say, the bully was curled up in the fetal position by the end of the fight...
Getty Images
You may avert your eyes from them, or purposefully cover them up when you're scanning the menu at your favorite restaurant, but increasingly, they're hard to ignore — the unsettling number of calories in the meal you're about to consume. And as if the information isn't sobering enough, here's something to make you dislike it even more — those numbers, it seems, may be low-balling what you're actually eating.
That's what the latest study of menus at dozens of popular eateries found. Susan Roberts, director of the Energy Metabolism Laboratory of the USDA Human Nutrition Research Center at Tufts University, reports that while most listed calorie counts are accurate, those for the lowest calorie options are on average 100 calories below than what the foods really contain. And the listed counts often average the amount of calories over several different plates of the same meal, so there's no guarantee of exactly how many calories you're consuming with any one serving.
“We found huge discrepancies,” Roberts says. “Our statistician gave me this analogy: let's say you sell 10-lb. bags of sugar, and you sell 15-lb. bags to your friends and 5-lb. bags to your enemies, and you call them all 10 pounds. The average would be accurate but it wouldn't be fair to individual buyers. We found that's what may be happening in restaurants. Overall, the main calories on the plate were not very different from what was listed on websites. But low calorie foods that are appropriate for weight control have more calories than listed, and high calorie foods have less calories than listed.”
(LIST: 8 ‘Xtreme' Meals: Report Identifies The Worst Menu Choices)
That means that those who chose options such as salads or other healthier foods, may be taking in about 100 more calories than they bargained for, which can lead to up to 15 pounds of weight gain over a year.
The misleading information, says Roberts, is “disgusting. Anybody trying to lose weight or avoid gaining weight — and that's about 50% of the American public — are ordering the lowest calorie foods when they eat out, so this is an important group of foods for American health. And the information about their calories is inaccurate.”
Roberts and her team published their findings in the Journal of the American Medical Association, drawing their data from the calorie counts of 269 food items at 42 fast food and sit-down restaurant chains, including McDonald's, Olive Garden, Outback and Boston Market. The scientists ordered some of the most popular items off the menus in three cities — Boston, Indianapolis and Little Rock, which represented a geographic sampling of the country — then froze the meals and shipped them to a central lab where they were analyzed for their calorie content. Overall, the items contained about 10 calories more than what the chains' websites claimed they carried, which was within the statistically acceptable range. But for 19% of the foods, all of which fell into the low-calorie category, the lab technicians recorded about 100 extra calories than what the restaurants were claiming the foods contained.
The most egregious inaccuracies occurred with sit-down restaurant foods, says Roberts, and not fast food chains, which often shoulder the blame for America's calorie glut. “Everybody labels fast food as the bad guys, but they are the good guys in this case; their numbers were much better than those of sit-down restaurants.” That's because there's more consistency in the portion sizes and cooking procedures at fast food chains than in restaurant kitchens, where chefs aren't always using identical cuts of meat or pre-portioned ingredients.
(MORE: How Repetitive Foods Can Mean Weight Loss)
But given that most Americans get about a third of their daily calories from eating out, what can the weight-conscious do if they can't rely on the information on menus? Simply not eat out as much. That's the advice Roberts gives to her weight-loss group. “I tell my group not to eat out as much because of the huge portions and because you end up eating more calories than you meant to,” she says. If you do find yourself in a restaurant, Roberts recommends choosing the salad entrée, getting the dressing on the side and holding the cheese.
As for the restaurants themselves, diet experts hope this latest study triggers more honest reporting of calorie counts. “Restaurants need to step up to the plate and acknowledge the role they play in the obesity epidemic, and in helping Americans to get thin,” says Roberts. “They need to offer more portions of lower calorie foods, and to honestly put on people's plates what they list on their websites. That would be a big help for all Americans.”
Alice Park is a writer at TIME. Find her on Twitter at @aliceparkny . You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
Ex-Texan Reshard Cliett added to Broncos' practice squad
Former Texans inside linebacker Reshard Cliett has signed with the Denver Broncos' practice squad, according to a source not authorized to speak publicly.
Cliett previously worked out for the Jacksonville Jaguars. He was one of the Texans' final roster cuts.
As a rookie, Cliett spent the season on injured reserve. with a torn anterior cruciate ligament. The sixth-round draft pick from South Florida also underwent shoulder surgery to address an old college injury during his convalescence from the knee injury.
Texans waive Vainuku
The Texans waived fullback Soma Vainuku from injured reserve.
The cousin of Cincinnati Bengals linebacker Rey Maualuga, Vainuku signed with the Texans after going undrafted in the spring. Vainuku rushed for 148 yards and three touchdowns at USC, catching 17 passes for 124 yards and a touchdown.
A jury convicted former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown today of financial crimes that could put her in prison for years, potentially the rest of her life.
The verdict came three days after closing arguments in a trial where Brown was painted as living the high life on cash that aides secretly deposited in her bank account after passing it through other accounts.
Brown remained free after the verdict was announced. She is expected to be sentenced within 120 days.
The jury convicted Brown of 18 of the 22 separate criminal counts a grand jury indicted her for in July. The convictions involve conspiracy, mail fraud, wire fraud, tax crimes and hiding income she should have publicly reported.
She was found not guilty of two counts of mail fraud and two counts of wire fraud.
Brown could in theory be sentenced to decades in prison, but that decision is likely more than three months away. No sentencing date was immediately set.
Each fraud or conspiracy conviction carries a potential 20-year sentence, and each tax conviction three years. Hiding income could lead to another five-year sentence.
The convictions affirm parts of a narrative prosecutor told of Brown breaking laws while she lived an unsustainable expensive lifestyle that left her desperate for cash.
Jurors were told the brash 70-year-old Democratic icon, who spent 24 years in Congress before losing reelection last year, received $141,000 in untraceable cash over several years through sources including the sham charity One Door for Education and her Friends of Corrine Brown campaign committee.
An FBI accountant testified Brown, who earned around $175,000 a year as a member of Congress with a pension from the Florida Legislature, spent an average of $1,438 per month more than her reported income.
"Former Congresswoman Brown took an oath year after year to serve others, but instead she exploited the needs of children and deceived her constituents to advance her own personal and political agendas," said FBI Jacksonville Division Special Agent in Charge Charles Spencer in a prepared statement.
"Corrupt public officials undermine the integrity of our government and violate the public's trust, and that is why investigating public corruption remains the FBI's top criminal priority," Spencer said. "I am proud of our special agents, analysts and support personnel who spent countless hours following the money trail in this case, and thank our law enforcement partners at the IRS-CI and U.S. Attorney's Office for their efforts to hold Brown and her associates accountable for their inexcusable actions."
This story will be updated throughout the day.
UPDATE: 1:45 p.m.: The jury in the trial of former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown has reached a verdict, which will be announced when court reconvenes at 2 p.m.
Check back for updates.
EARLIER
Jurors in former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown's fraud trial asked Thursday to see a transcript of testimony from an executive of a company that donated to sham charity One Door for Education.
Whether they'll get that is still up in the air.
"I think I have discretion to kick the can down the road a little," U.S. District Judge Timothy Corrigan told attorneys from both sides before drafting a note telling jurors it would take time to prepare the transcript and to continue their deliberations.
The testimony of Marva Brown Johnson, a Central Florida executive with cable company Bright House, hadn't been transcribed already, and Corrigan was told that doing so would take about 90 minutes.
Transcripts usually aren't provided to juries, and Assistant U.S. Attorney A. Tysen Duva voiced concerns about a slippery slope of transcribing. Defense attorney James W. Smith III didn't share that worry, saying "we're in favor of providing as much information as possible."
Related: 6 crimes Corrine Brown faces and what they mean
Corrigan sent a note to the jurors telling them to keep deliberating, and that he would consider their request further.
Johnson's testimony could have bearing on four mail fraud and wire fraud counts Brown faces.
Brown faces nine counts of wire fraud, seven of mail fraud, and another charge of conspiracy. She's also charged with three counts of filing false tax returns and one count each of corruptly obstructing administration of tax laws and scheming to conceal material facts on financial disclosure forms.
Story highlights The Philippines is one of the world's more dangerous countries for journalists
Duterte won the election by a landslide despite series of controversial comments
(CNN) The Philippines' controversial president-elect has picked a new fight.
Speaking at a press conference to unveil his new cabinet Tuesday, Rodrigo Duterte said journalists killed on the job in the Philippines were often corrupt.
"Just because you're a journalist you are not exempted from assassination, if you're a son of a bitch," Duterte said. "Freedom of expression cannot help you if you have done something wrong," he added.
His comments were a response to a question about how to protect press freedom after a crime reporter was shot dead in Manila on Friday.
The National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) was quick to blast the leader for his "appalling" comments.
Read More
Immutable state has many advantages . Unfortunately, C++ is designed to easily mutate state. My colleague Vincent Lascaux shared a code snippet that tries to alleviate this problem by attempting to avoid normal variables in favor of using constants that are always initialized. I decided to name his pattern const liffy...
Background Knowledge
C++ standard 11 introduced some amazing features to C++. Two such features are:
The auto variable initializer. Lambda functions .
Auto Variable initializer
The keyword auto can be used to declare a variable. During compilation, the compiler will replace the auto keyword using the rules for template argument deduction thereby ensuring type safety.
Standard modifiers for variables (like & and const) are valid to put before auto. For example, the following is perfectly legal:
1 2 3 auto a = 1 ; const auto b = 1 ; const auto & c = result_of_some_function ();
Lambda Functions
A Lambda function is an unnamed function object capable of capturing variables in scope. The syntax is as follows
[capture-list] (parameters) { body }
The capture list is very important. It specifies the way that variables declared outside the lambda are available within the lambda. if a lambda function uses a capture list specified by [&] , then all variables declared in the block where the lambda is invoked is available to the lambda as a reference. The parameters are optional (in fact, no parameters are used in the const liffy pattern).
For example, the following code uses a lambda function to filter out all strings that do not contain the substring "world":
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 string word = "world" ; vector < string > strings = { string ( "hello" ), string ( "world" ), string ( "hello world" )}; vector < string > results ; for_each ( strings . begin (), strings . end (), [ & ] ( string test ) { if ( test . find ( word ) != string :: npos ) results . push_back ( test ); });
The Const Liffy Pattern
Using lambda functions, we can initialize const variables by immediately invoking the lambda:
1 const auto var = [ & ] { code here ...; return something ; } ()
Note the invokation operator () operator in the above snippet. JavaScript calls this pattern an immediately invoked function expression commonly just called iffy . I therefore named the pattern above const liffy, with liffy being short for lambda iffy.
The const liffy pattern elegantly lets one use immutable state. Some examples should set things straight.
Reading A Variable Protected By A Mutex
Multithreaded programming requires the use of a mutex to guard against race conditions .
Here is a generic example of reading a variable that is protected by a mutex:
1 2 3 4 5 6 Object * instance ; std :: mutex obj_mutex ; { std :: lock_guard < std :: mutex > lock ( obj_mutex ); instance = & protected_variable ; }
The code sample above suffers from the following:
The variable instance starts off as being uninitialized (or in the above case, initialzed to what can be considered a bogus value: nullptr).
starts off as being uninitialized (or in the above case, initialzed to what can be considered a bogus value: nullptr). Type information is lost: If instance could be a reference instead of a pointer, nullptr errors would never happen.
Using the const liffy pattern ameliorates the situation:
1 2 3 4 const auto & instance = [ & ] { std :: lock_guard < std :: mutex > lock ( obj_mutex ); return protected_variable ; }()
In the above code sample, instance is a constant reference that is initialized to the required value. All the issues mentioned in the first example have been solved.
Creating Short Helper Functions
Assume we have a Shape class that is sub-classed with different types of shapes (e.g. circle, square). Given shapes, a collection of Shape objects, a render function will only draw red square or blue circles. That render function could look like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 for ( auto && shape : Shapes ) bool shouldDraw = false ; switch ( shape . type ) { case ShapeType :: Square : shouldDraw = shape . color () == Color :: red ; break ; case ShapeType :: Circle : shouldDraw = shape . color () == Color :: blue ; break ; } if ( shouldDraw ) Draw ( shape ); }
In the above code snippet, the variable shoulddraw is initialized to false (which becomes the default of the switch statement). The false value is then overwritten with the correct logic in the switch statement. But why intialize shoulddraw to false?
At the time of intialization, it is not known what the state of shoulddraw should be. Setting it to false does not really make sense.
does not really make sense. A programmer is then forces to read the proceeding four lines of the switch statement to make sense of what shoulddraw is. So in effect, one has to read these lines just to make sense of shoulddraw.
Seeing as a lambda function is really an anonymous helper function, the const liffy pattern can help here as well:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 for ( auto && shape : Shapes ) const bool shouldDraw = [ & ] { switch ( shape . type ) { case ShapeType :: Square : return shape . color () == Color :: red ; case ShapeType :: Circle : return shape . color () == Color :: blue ; default : return false ; } }(); if ( shouldDraw ) Draw ( shape ); }
With the const liffy pattern, shoulddraw becomes a constant. The code is not only cleaner by using false in the default of the switch statement, but it is also easier to reason about and understand.
The const liffy pattern is actually just the result of an anonymous block. It is done all the time in languages like scala and is inspired by the discipline of functional languages. Using it allows for immutable state with all its advantages .
Thank you for printing this article. Please do not forget to come back to http://doctrina.org for fresh articles.
Some nights you just don't want to cook and for me tonight was that night. Chinese food is always a go-to for me as a healthy take out option. Chinese take out is a quick and tasty way to get out of cooking for yourself. Most people don't think Chinese food can be good when your on a diet or even just generally healthy. The trick is to know your Healthy Chinese Food Options.
Unfold your menu and take a good look at your options. If you know how the food is cooked or have an idea of the ingredients you will have a pretty guide idea of the calories or macros. It should be pretty self explanatory by looking at the menu but here are some ideas of what not to order and why.
What Not To Eat
You can pretty much eliminate 90% of the menu because most of the stuff, all though delicious isn't cooked in a way that would be helpful to anyone's diet. That's right, most Chinese food is fried!
The other problem with most Chinese dishes is that It's cooked with loads of sodium and cornstarch. Even if its loaded with veggies the sauces could be killer when trying to watch your calories.
Here is a short list of what to stay away form;
Fried Dumplings
Egg Rolls
Shrimp Toast
Fried Rice
Lo Mein
Sweet & Sour (chicken, pork, shrimp, etc)
General Tso's (chicken, pork, shrimp, etc)
Sesame (chicken, pork, shrimp, etc)
Lemon (chicken, pork, shrimp, etc)
Orange (chicken, pork, shrimp, etc)
Anything in sauce
Most of the dishes mentioned above are fried and loaded with calories, carbs, sodium and anything else you might want to watch out for. Unfortunately some of my favorites are listed above.
Your probably thinking, “what the hell can I eat”?
Don't worry, I promise that there are some low calorie and healthy options at your favorite Chinese take out joint. Here are some things you could consider but you should be careful if your on a strict calorie counting diet.
Steamed Dumplings – This is one of my top picks for a Chinese food appetizer. Steamed and not fried helps to keep out the oil. Each meat filled dumpling is about 40-80 calories based on the size and actual ingredients. Try to hold the dipping sauce loaded with sodium.
Soup – Most places have many soup options like wanton, hot & sour, vegetable, etc. The soups will have loads of sodium but a “lower” calorie option, especially if you can substitute bok choy for the noodles.
Egg Foo Young – Be careful with this because every place has their own style of making it. For the most part its a Chinese omelet with meat and onions. Hold the brown sauce and hopefully it hasn't been simmered in oil.
The Healthiest Chinese Food Options
Most people either don't notice this part of the menu or they just try not to imagine how gross “diet Chinese food” is. Majority of take-out menus have a small corner towards the end labeled “diet menu”. I've seen it written lots of ways but there usually the same no matter if it says health menu, weight watchers or diet specialties its your best bet. All this means is your getting steamed food with sauces on the side.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with steamed Chinese food. You can get lean meat with a large serving of crispy steamed vegetables that's sure to be filling. Each 1 cup serving has only 200-300 calories without sauce.
Your best options
Steamed Chicken & Snow Peas
Steamed Chicken & Broccoli
Steamed Chicken & String Beans
Steamed Chicken & Mixed Chinese Vegetables
If your not in the mood for chicken most places have a variation of chicken, shrimp or pork for any of the options listed above.
Tell me this doesn't look satisfying!
Pro Tip #1: Spicy Mustard has virtually no calories and if you want to add some extra flavor and a kick it will go a long way!
Pro Tip #2: Make sure to ask for the sauce on the side because they might just mix it in. Just because the sauce is on the diet menu doesn't mean its different than all the other sauces. Its best to not get the sauce at all.
Pro Tip #3: If it comes with rice, get brown rice. Brown rice is lower in calories, carbs and has more fiber than the white stuff.
If you can control yourself I've just given you some great information for the next time you want to order up Chinese. Remember to stay away from fried and most steamed items are your friend. The next time your no in the mood to cook just get a movie on Netflix and have some Healthy Chinese delivered to your door!
.@KellyannePolls: You can't attack people personally, rather than on policy, and think tragedies like the Virginia shooting won't happen pic.twitter.com/bKG56n6S1H — FOX & friends (@foxandfriends) June 16, 2017
Kellyanne Conway told Fox News' Fox & Friends early Friday that if she were “shot and killed,” half of Twitter users “would explode in applause and excitement.”
Conway's remarks came while discussing the recent shooting at a GOP baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, which left five people injured including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA). An adviser to President Donald Trump, Conway told Fox & Friends that she felt increasingly inflammatory rhetoric played a part in the shooting.
“I went back and looked at what exactly what was being discussed on all the TV shows, except yours, at 7:09 a.m. on Wednesday when this happened and it's a really curious exercise. Because as Steve Scalise was fighting for his life and crawling into right field in a trail of blood, you should go back and see what people were saying about the president and the Republicans at that very moment,” Conway said. “Of course, they had to break in with the news of this tragedy and since then there's been some introspection — some quieter, more muted voices toning down the rhetoric. But look at Twitter. If I were shot and killed tomorrow, half of Twitter would explode in applause and excitement. This is the world we live in now. It's terrible because, again, it's one thing to say I disagree with you on health care repeal, or on taxes, or on your plan for national security. But you can't attack people personally in a way and think that tragedies like this won't happen.”
Conway's comments were quickly called out on social media being contradictory as President Trump frequently makes personal attacks against his political opponents.
“The 332 People, Places and Things Donald Trump Has Insulted on Twitter: A Complete List” https://t.co/VScodoSI7j via @nytimes https://t.co/5qdRClGxyw — Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) June 16, 2017
In the wake of the shooting on Wednesday, Trump's son Donald Jr. also cited the current climate as leading to the attack. Donald Jr. retweeted cable news contributor Harlan Hill, who wrote that the Scalise shooting had ties to “NY elites glorifying the assassination of our president” (a reference to a Shakespeare in the Park production of William Shakespeare's centuries-old play Julius Caesar which never used Trump's name, but did feature his likeness). Trump's son added, “This.”
On the eve of the April 5 Wisconsin primary, which most polls show Bernie Sanders will win, the Vermont senator and his campaign leaders have been all over the media in the last several weeks calling on Hillary Clinton-committed “superdelegates” to switch sides. Their argument: Sanders is more popular so such a switch would be consistent with “small d” democratic principles.
Sanders is making this argument because he has done the math and he knows that this is his only realistic way to capture the Democratic nomination.
So far, in the 35 primaries and caucuses prior to Wisconsin, Hillary Clinton has amassed a total of 1,712 delegates (1,243 elected pledged delegates, and 469 superdelegates) vs. Sanders with 1,011 delegates (980 pledged, 31 superdelegates). Thus, before Wisconsin votes, Clinton leads by 701 delegates. According to a story Sunday by the Associated Press, this means “Sanders must win about 67 percent of the remaining delegates and uncommitted superdelegates … through June to be able to clinch the Democratic nomination.”
This is made even more difficult by the nature of the nearly two dozen remaining contests.
They include less than a handful of caucuses (a system that favors Sanders, as we have seen, since the low-turnout caucuses, as compared to primaries, give progressive activists a decided advantage).
Moreover, 13 of the remaining contests are “closed,” meaning only registered Democrats can vote. This favors Clinton, based on passed results, since she has consistently received double-digit margins among Democratic voters over the non-Democrat Sanders.
So it appears that, realistically, the only way Sanders can win the nomination is to persuade large numbers of superdelegates publicly committed to Clinton to switch and support Sanders because of sensitivity to the “democratic will.”
Of course, the argument is contradicted by the facts: By any measure of democracy, Hillary Clinton is winning by a large margin and deserves the support of the superdelegates.
First, she has won more than 2.5 million votes that Sen. Sanders in the 35 Democratic primaries and caucuses held so far (prior to the April 5 Wisconsin primary)—a landslide margin of 58 percent to 42 percent so far.
Second, Clinton's lead among elected pledged delegates from those 35 contests by is 263 delegates. Last time I looked, elected pledged delegates were a product of democratic processes.
Finally, even if superdelegates were to ignore these hard data proving Hillary Clinton is the choice of most voters thus far, superdelegates hardly can be described as anti-“democratic.” To the contrary. I was a Democratic National Committee member elected by hundreds of Democratic committee members from Maryland in 1982 when superdelegates were first created. We did so by a large margin – I believe the vote was nearly unanimous – precisely because we believed elected governors, senators and House members, who received millions or hundreds of thousands of votes, were far more representative of the broad electorate -- racially, economically, religiously, ideologically -- than the relatively small fraction of eligible Democrats and independents who participated in party primaries and particularly the low turnout caucuses.
It is a somewhat amazing argument that delegates elected in the Idaho caucuses, where just 24,000 voters turned out statewide and where Sanders won by a margin of 13 votes over Clinton, reflects a more “democratic choice” than senators from states who are elected with millions of votes. I guess it depends on your definition of “democracy.”
In any event, party rules were adopted many years ago allowing superdelegates to be unpledged because of their status as elected and party office. The rules allowing superdelegates to vote at the 2016 convention were specifically approved by the Democratic National Committee, which consists of party members from all of the states and jurisdictions that participate in caucuses and primary elections.
Surely, Sen. Sanders cannot be seeking the votes of superdelegates at the same time he is repudiating their right to vote.
Surely, he cannot be thinking about changing the rules of the game after the game is in process – simply because he is behind.
Surely, the senator can't claim with a straight place that, although he is behind Clinton by 2.5 million votes up to now, democratic principles dictate that superdelegates committed to Clinton should switch to him.
Surely he can't.
But if he does, will the media let him get away with it?
Today I came home to another awesome little "package is waiting at the Gyeongbi Ajussi" sticker! I went down to find a HUGE box all the way from the US! Soooo EXCITED! While my husband tried to wrangle our 9 month old I tried to dig into the well wrapped package. Eventually I cut through enough tape to rip it open and delve into the layers of packing material! I have to admit this was as good (if not better) than christmas! The packing material was even one of my 2 favorite colors, orange :) I first pulled out a new book, I love to read and this seems to be one of a series that sounds awesome!
By this point, with flying packing material flying, my daughter was doing everything in her power to involve herself.
Next out of the box was a beautiful spiderweb & spider bowl! Here in korea it is super hard to find halloween decorations so I was beyond excited to see this. It is going to be perfect to pass out treats in during our halloween party next week!!
And finally out of the box were big bags of my favorite treats (that are not available in any sense, locally) Reese PB cups AND Twizzlers!! I'm having a hard time not ripping into these right now, but I'm going to wait & share these with my friends :)
At this point the baby had broken free of the bonds of Daddy and made her way over to the new shiny gifts!! While the spider did sustain some injuries everything else made it's way next to the rest of the halloween decore uninjured :)
Thank you Ladytekla I could not have asked for a better or more thoughtful gifter!!
A good deal of ink has already been spilt over Steven Wilson's new album, To The Bone. In blogs, online magazines and social media forums, a fair amount of alternating hand-wringing and canonization has been going on. Some have voiced despair that Wilson has, in some manner, jumped the shark, and abandoned the trajectory of his previous work, turning to *gasp* ‘pop' music stylings that are a betrayal to his progressive rock fan base. This assessment is incorrect. Others have lauded his ‘new direction' with his new album, presenting his best overall song-writing to date. This assessment is also incorrect.
Before explaining why these assessments are wrong, let's get a few things out of the way. 1) While I understand that some feel a certain amount of Steven Wilson super saturation (he is fairly ubiquitous in progressive rock media) the fact remains that Steven Wilson is the most important voice in progressive rock today, and there isn't a close second. He's been nominated for Grammys four times. It's not just that his albums and concerts do well commercially, they do well artistically. I saw him on the Hand. Cannot. Erase. tour, and it was magnificent. The musicianship, the ability to appeal musically to both heart and mind, the comfort between artist and audience were all at the highest level. He also wore an ABBA shirt, more on that later. 2) Wilson's previous two albums, Hand. Cannot. Erase. and The Raven That Refused To Sing (“TRTRTS”) were unadulterated prog masterpieces that stand among 70's greats by King Crimson, Genesis and Yes as peers, not as attendants. Those albums did everything that progressive music does at its best. They combined technical playing with brilliant production, artistic presentation and visceral emotion in a way that is hard to find in any genre of music. 3) Wilson is and has been very busy and has been involved in many musical projects beyond his best known (solo work and Porcupine Tree). He has worked with Tim Bowness in No-Man. He works with Aviv Geffen in Blackfield. He has his krautrock influenced IEM. He has done ambient and electronic music with Bass Communion. He has worked with Opeth. He has guested with Pendulum. He has remastered albums for Jethro Tull, Yes and King Crimson. On one concert tour, Rush chose Porcupine Tree as their prelude music. Knowing this information provides important information for evaluating To The Bone.
To The Bone isn't a further development along any particular trajectory and it isn't a departure from prior work. It's a sampler. Whether it's “Pariah” evoking Porcupine Tree's “Half-Light” or “Song of Unborn” bringing mood and melody that could easily come from Blackfield or experimentation with minimalist electronica in “Song of I” that has been sprinkled through much of his work including No-Man and early Porcupine Tree. And before we get all worked up by the ABBA-esque pop of “Permanenting”, let's not forget his concert t-shirt and his previous album of cover tunes, which included an ABBA song. This is actually stuffed we've heard before, just not all on one album.
It's true that To The Bone is a departure from the full-tile prog of Wilson's previous two albums, but even that is somewhat predictable as his method with Porcupine Tree also included stylistic shifts every couple of albums.
So it's not really new, but is it good? Mostly, yes. Ninet Tayeb, who broke our hearts with her performance in Hand. Cannot. Erase.'s “Routine” is excellent again in the melancholy “Pariah”. “Refuge” is somewhat reminiscent of some of Peter Gabriel's solo work and is quite strong. However, there are some uninspiring lyrics throughout the album, and not every melody makes you sad to hear it go, rendering the album indeed good, but not great.
Yet, as I listen again to the album's closer, “Song of Unborn” I hear classic Wilson: melancholy, lushly arranged, layered vocals… and it reminds me that not only is Wilson the voice of modern progressive music but it reminds me that modern progressive music is doing quite well, thank you.
Steven Wilson's newest album, To The Bone, will be released on August 18, 2017. Pre-order it here.
Advertisements
On December 6th, @Lightning Tweeted that the Lightning Network had been used to make two small purchases:
Join the iFX EXPO Asia and discover your gateway to the Asian Markets
Announcing the first-ever interoperable Lightning transactions using real bitcoin with @acinq_co @blockstream! We bought a Starblocks coffee ☕️ and a https://t.co/XOnbhZMCZG article 📰. https://t.co/jJ90GHpmr5 https://t.co/Vvw7YaFxII — Lightning (@Lightning) December 6, 2017
Suggested articles Why Brokerages Outsource Their Broker TechnologyGo to article >>
While the average onlooker might wonder what the big deal is about Bitcoin being used to buy a cup of Starbucks Coffee and a Yalls.org article, the crypto community has a reason to get excited.
Scalability and high transaction fees have long been an issue on the Bitcoin network. At times of high traffic, doing something as simple as buying a cup of coffee could take up to several hours and cost several dollars in fees alone. The Lightning Network, while still in its testing phase, could make it possible for Bitcoin transactions of any size to happen instantaneously and with low fees.
The most recent test results of the Lightning Network, which has been being developed by ACINQ, Blockstream, and Lightning Labs revealed that the software that the three startups have been working on is now interoperable. While there's still some testing to be done, Lightning is closer to launch than it has ever been.
The transactions that paid for article and the coffee were verified by Lightning Network nodes that are operating across the globe. “It's a very small network, but it demonstrates how the interoperability works,” said Pierre-Marie Padiou, founder of ACINQ.
“We're Not Going to Rush”
With the network's capabilities for interoperability now proven, “developers now know what rules to implement to build their own Lightning Networks,” according to a report from CoinDesk. The publication also noted that Blockchain's ‘Thunder Network' and MIT's ‘Lit' projects could both benefit from Lightning Networks based on the specifications of the one being tested right now.
Padiou told CoinDesk that the next step will be to release a beta version of the software that will give Bitcoin users the opportunity to use the Lightning Network to start making payments of their own. However, it will be some time yet before that software will be ready for public use. In order to reduce the risk of users losing their funds, the Lightning Network developers are “not going to rush anything,” according to Padiou.
President: Justice enemies deal powerful blow to rule of law in Romania
Today is a day of mourning for the rule of law in Romania, President Klaus Iohannis said on Tuesday evening after the Government unexpectedly approved an emergency ordinance to change the criminal law, in a late meeting. “The rule of law was dealt a powerful blow from the enemies of justice and fight against corruption,” the President wrote on Facebook.
“The PSD and ALDE Government has ignored the dreams and aspirations of millions of free Romanians who want to live in a country freed from corruption. Today, the PSD and ALDE Government cancelled the efforts made by millions of Romanians to make Romania a respected country in Europe,” Iohannis added.
“The result of the December vote has led to the forming of a majority, which has made up a legitimate Government. But the vote is not a blank check that allows a majority to do anything, from adopting populist measures that risk putting the economic stability under question in the next years to trampling justice and the rule of law,” the President also said.
He pointed out that the people who voted in December wanted a better life and not a weaker anticorruption legislation. Romanians want a country to live in not one to leave from, according to Iohannis, who added that PSD has defied the people forgetting that the values of a democratic state don't belong to a majority or minority but to the whole people.
“Starting today, my mission is to reestablish the rule of law. I will do everything within my power to turn Romania into a country freed from corruption! I will fight for this until the last day of my mandate!
Thousands rally in Bucharest, other Romanian cities for night protests against changes to criminal law
editor@romania-insider.com
MOST of the world's supply of cocaine comes from just three South American countries: Colombia, Peru and Bolivia. Much of it is headed for the United States and Europe. Law-enforcement officials from America patrol international waters in the Caribbean and eastern Pacific, hoping to seize cocaine shipments before they reach their intended destinations. When they succeed in nabbing any smugglers, contraband samples are sent to chemists to help determine the source.
The drug's origins can be identified from telltale “fingerprints” formed by the chemical composition of the coca plant, from which cocaine is derived. These compounds vary naturally. The amount of nitrogen-containing compounds, known as alkaloids, differs between coca cultivars. And ratios of stable isotopes (non-radioactive atoms of the same element that contain different numbers of neutrons) are indicative of different regions. Typically, ratios of carbon-13 to carbon-12, which change according to temperature and altitude, and ratios of nitrogen-15 to nitrogen-14, which vary based on precipitation and soil conditions, are examined.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Previously, these data could identify from which of five regions a particular batch of cocaine was produced. But no longer. Over the past 15 years or so coca cultivation has expanded to at least 19 regions, making accurate geographic identification more difficult. Now a team of scientists led by Jennifer Mallette and Paul Beyer of the US Drug Enforcement Administration and their colleagues have come up with a more comprehensive chemical analysis to fill in the gaps. Their results, published in Scientific Reports, added two more isotope ratios: hydrogen-2 to hydrogen-1, and oxygen-18 to oxygen-16. Plants incorporate different ratios of these isotopes based upon ambient conditions such as precipitation and humidity, thus providing yet another clue to their geographic origin.
The researchers applied their enhanced technique to build a database of chemical fingerprints of cocaine samples from 572 specimens of coca leaves taken from all 19 known cocaine-growing regions. The cocaine was produced in the laboratory using the same processing methods employed by criminal enterprises.
The final database, combined with statistical models, allowed the team to determine that nearly two-thirds of seized shipments originated in south-west Colombia. But then they were sent another sample that matched nothing in the database. The isotope analysis suggested that this cocaine originated from an area north of the Chapare Valley in Bolivia, a region not previously suspected of coca cultivation. Subsequent intelligence gained from a pilot involved in trafficking the shipment showed the team had fingered the right location, thereby confirming the value of their new drug-hunting technique.
Thanks to a 52nd-minute goal from Juan Guerra (right), the Cosmos extended their unbeaten streak to seven games and moved into second place in their chase for first place and an automatic birth into the playoffs. Photos courtesy of North Carolina FC
The New York Cosmos extended their terrific run of form on Sunday afternoon, defeating North Carolina FC 1-0 on the road.
The Cosmos, who are chasing Miami FC for first place and an automatic birth into the playoffs, maintained possession and dictated the pace of the game, earning an impressive and mature three points.
With the win, the Cosmos moved into second place as they shut out a North Carolina team that is second in the North American Soccer League (NASL) in goals scored and who had not been held scoreless all year.
“It was a good game for people to come and watch,” said Cosmos head coach Giovanni Savarese. “I thought that most of the game, we had the ball. We were able to find space and created a lot of chances, so I feel that we deserved this victory.
“The guys were able to battle and get a very important win,” he added.
The Cosmos, who have not surrendered the first goal on the road all season, dominated the first half, creating several half-chances, but they were unable to find the back of the net.
After going into the break scoreless, the Cosmos entered the second half hungry as North Carolina Goalkeeper Brian Sylvestre was forced to make three saves in two minutes.
New York finally broke through in the 52nd minute thanks to a wonderful strike from Juan Guerra.
After Sylvestre made a diving save on a shot by Andres Flores, Ayoze retrieved the rebound and floated the ball into the box.
Walter Restrepo collected it on the right side of the box and provided a soft cross to Guerra, who cushioned the ball off his chest and hit a side-footed volley into the lower left corner past a diving Sylvestre.
Guerra showed excellent composure to tuck the ball home for his second goal of the season.
The Cosmos have exhibited a rare dominance against a North Carolina organization — formerly known as the Carolina Railhawks, now under the moniker of North Carolina FC — winning six of their last six games against them.
The Cosmos entered the game averaging roughly three shots on target per match, an area of concern, but the team recorded six shots on goal on Sunday.
New York has dominated on the road this season. The team is now on a nine-game-away-unbeaten run and they lead NASL with five shutouts in nine games.
Going into the match, Sylvestre was first in NASL with 40 saves, a statistic most teams would prefer not to lead. Sylvestre was forced to make eight stops on Sunday, pushing his league-leading total to 45 saves. Jimmy Maurer is in second with 27.
Brian Holt, in for starting goalkeeper Maurer, who is still recovering from a hamstring injury, did not make his first stop of the game until the 62nd minute.
New York, commonly known as the “Cardiac Cosmos” for their gut-wrenching performances and tendency to grind out games, won the match thanks to Guerra's individual brilliance and the team's sturdy defense, which was led by captain Carlos Mendes and Dejan Jakovic.
The Cosmos out-possessed North Carolina 53 to 47 percent and outshot them 6 to 1.
New York, which has three games in seven days, will look to maximize points. The team's biggest worry may be an upcoming string of international friendlies that could pluck as many as five players away from the team.
Injuries are also a concern for Savarese, as Javi Marquez was forced to leave the game in the 28th minute. Emmanuel Ledesma, who earned Man of the Match honors last week, was also out.
If the team can win its next three home matches, then it has a good chance of being crowned Spring Champions.
The winners of the spring and fall campaigns get automatic qualification into the four-team playoffs. The next two teams with the best records over the course of the two seasons get the final two spots.
The Cosmos will return to MCU Park on Wednesday at 7:30 p.m., as they host last-place FC Edmonton.
Hey,
We're inviting Premium members from the Bay Area, or who are willing to come here, to the afterparty for the Big Live Live Show: Live, next Wednesday, April 29th, starting at 5:30 PM! If you want to come hang out, have a beer, and maybe play some games, please RSVP over on this little form right here. Be sure to include your GB username so I can check your premium status. Note that, while we're doing some maintenance on our billing service, you may show as a "free member" in the billing section of the site, but don't worry: if you can view premium videos, you're a premium subscriber and shouldn't need to fret.
IMPORTANT NOTE: THE LINK TO THERSVP FORM IS HERE. COMMENTING ON THIS POST IS NOT AN RSVP. GO CLICK ON THAT LINK TO RSVP.
You gotta be 21 to get in! Sorry.
OMG PARTY TIME
If you have any questions, feel free to ask them here and I'll...answer them?
We all crave it, but can you stand the silence? The longest anyone can bear Earth's quietest place is 45 minutes
Orfield Laboratories' 'anechoic chamber' in the U.S is 99.99% sound absorbent
Volunteers see hallucinations after a short while
They say silence is golden – but there's a room in the U.S that's so quiet it becomes unbearable after a short time.
The longest that anyone has survived in the ‘anechoic chamber' at Orfield Laboratories in South Minneapolis is just 45 minutes.
It's 99.99 per cent sound absorbent and holds the Guinness World Record for the world's quietest place, but stay there too long and you may start hallucinating.
Earth's quietest place: The 'anechoic chamber' at Orfield Laboratories, which is 99.99 per cent sound absorbent and capable of giving you hallucinations
The Anechoic Test Chamber at Orfield Laboratories was deemed the quietest place on Earth in 2004 - a record it still holds to this day
It achieves its ultra-quietness by virtue of 3.3-foot-thick fiberglass acoustic wedges, double walls of insulated steel and foot-thick concrete.
The company's founder and president, Steven Orfield, told MailOnline: ‘We challenge people to sit in the chamber in the dark - one reporter stayed in there for 45 minutes.
‘When it's quiet, ears will adapt. The quieter the room, the more things you hear. You'll hear your heart beating, sometimes you can hear your lungs, hear your stomach gurgling loudly.
‘In the anechoic chamber, you become the sound.'
And this is a very disorientating experience. Mr Orfield explained that it's so disconcerting that sitting down is a must.
He said: ‘How you orient yourself is through sounds you hear when you walk. In the anechnoic chamber, you don't have any cues. You take away the perceptual cues that allow you to balance and manoeuvre. If you're in there for half an hour, you have to be in a chair.'
The chamber is used by a multitude of manufacturers, which test how loud their products are.
Mr Orfield said: ‘It's used for formal product testing, for research into the sound of different things - heart valves, the sound of the display of a cellphone, the sound of a switch on a car dashboard.'
Silence is not so golden: The longest anyone has lasted sitting alone in the dark in the chamber is 45 minutes
It's also put to use to determine sound quality.
Mr Orfield and his team will help companies such as washing-machine maker Whirlpool develop metaphors for what sound should, well, sound like.
Motorbike maker Harley-Davidson used the lab, for instance, to make their bikes quieter, while still sounding like Harley-Davidsons.
‘We record products and people listen to them based on semantic terms, like “expensive”, “low quality”, said Mr Orfield. ‘We measure their feelings and associations.'
Nasa, meanwhile, uses a similar chamber to test its astronauts.
They are put in a water-filled tank inside the room to see ‘how long it takes before hallucinations take place and whether they could work through it'.
As Mr Orfield explains, space is like one giant anechoic chamber, so it's crucial that astronauts are able to stay focussed.
Apple's new "iAd Gallery" iPhone app, which shows off the iAds that its advertisers have purchased, is theoretically in violation of Apple's own App Store guidelines, which the company published last year.
Let us direct your attention to guideline 2.13, "Apps that are primarily marketing materials or advertisements will be rejected."
This was probably included to make sure that "marketers" don't just make iOS apps that serve as virtual brochures, forcing them to also include more features, like games or editorial content.
We hear that Apple has actually rejected apps in the past based on this notion.
A look through the iAd Gallery app confirms that the app is primarily a marketing material or advertisement -- both for the iAd program itself, and the products and services advertised in the iAds.
You could argue that Apple is violating that guideline and should have rejected its own app. (Though it's a nice app, and will actually be very useful, so we're glad they didn't.)
Anyway, of course, that would never happen. Apple has its own set of rules and everyone knows that. It's good to be boss, even if the company's lack of consistency sometimes burns developers.
Along the same lines: Apparently, another developer had this idea first, and Apple rejected their app for lacking functionality. And then Apple made their own app that does the same thing. Again, it's good to be Apple in this situation.
Click here for a screen-by-screen tour of Apple's new iAd Gallery app →
Beijing is to impose a limit on the number of mainland Chinese visitors to Hong Kong, a politician and media said Sunday, after a series of protests against the influx from over the border.
Hong Kong has been inundated by a stream of tourists from mainland China, who often pay short visits to the city to snap up daily necessities from baby formula to nappies.
The so-called parallel traders, who dodge hefty tariffs on their return, have become a source of tension leading to angry rallies where protesters clashed with police.
“Too many people are coming through the unlimited entry permits. (Imposing a limit) is a step forward,” Michael Tien, a member of the National People's Congress, China's de facto parliament, told reporters Sunday.
The SCMP described the policy as “one visit per week” for residents of Shenzhen, citing unnamed sources.
Shenzhen residents can currently visit Hong Kong as often as they like with a multiple entry permit.
The paper said the cap could reduce the number of tourists by 4.6 million.
Last year, about 47 million mainland visitors streamed to Hong Kong, dwarfing the city's population of seven million.
A government spokesman confirmed that a proposal had been made to Chinese government, adding “any adjustment of the ‘multiple-entry' policies will be announced by the Central Government”.
Hong Kong only opened up to Chinese tourists in 2003 as part of a bid to revive its economy following an outbreak of SARS. Previously mainland Chinese were only allowed to visit as part of an organised tour.
Words: AFP
Photo: Konrad Lembcke via Flickr
Let's start this off by getting right to the point.
Adam Brooks scored a lot this season.
He led the WHL in points, with a 38G-82A-120P statline in 72 GP. This isn't to be simplistic, because there's a lot more to say about Adam Brooks than that pretty string of numbers. But just for a second, look at what Adam Brooks achieved.
Whoa.
Adam Brooks did this as an overager. He turned 20 in May, and was drafted by the Leafs in June, having gone through the draft twice before and being passed on. That makes it easier to discount his numbers, and Brooks himself, as a guy riding an age advantage to dominate a lesser league. This article is about why you shouldn't do that.
The Basics
Brooks is a 5'10", rather slight, left-shooting centreman born out of Winnipeg. Our own Scott Wheeler attests that he was viewed as skilled as a teenager, and he was drafted relatively high in the WHL's Bantam draft. And then...well...things didn't go so hot.
In his would-have-been draft year, Brooks put up 4G-7A-11P in 60 games for the Regina Pats. This is not a dazzling statline, to say the least, albeit one extenuated by Brooks being a third-line centre who didn't get powerplay time. But his anemic production meant he was passed over. Even if a scout had liked the look of him at the time, it's hard to sell your front office on a small forward who can't score. So Brooks got ignored. Fast forward a year.
Brooks got better in a hurry. In point-production, nearly six times better, enough to lead the Pats. This is the kind of progression that gets you excited if you've drafted a player: he has a big spike in development, jumping to the front of the class. No one would have expected Brooks to get drafted after the draft year he had; his D + 1 was more interesting. At the same time, going just shy of a point-per-game as a 19-year-old isn't enough to turn heads in the super-competitive NHL draft, and being a smaller guy and an overager stacks the deck against you as a candidate. So Brooks got ignored again.
Brooks got tired of being ignored, and ran his league over. He somehow improved by more than fifty points again, surging to the top of the WHL table. Brooks' growth was almost all in passing; he scored at almost the same rate himself, but his teammates benefited mightily from the new and improved Brooks. This finally forced NHL teams to take notice of him. And so, at 92nd overall, he fell to us.
Brooks is touted for his vision and passing, as you might expect given all those assists; he's the kind of guy you can run an offence through. He's a strong skater, and he's got oodles of skill, but despite that he doesn't shirk his defensive duties. He's active and aware in every zone. What's not to like?
Progression
There's an archetype of hockey growth, which is that players get a little better each year; their development makes a pretty line graph ascending upward at 45 degrees, and after stopping to draft them at the age-18 line on the graph, they keep right on ascending. While this is oversimplified, a lot of players follow something similar to this path. But not all of them: players are human beings, with hundreds of unique covariates that affect their play. Some players are going to develop irregularly, and teams can be hesitant to adjust their opinions for those players. In the case of a passed-over player like Brooks, several factors may be at play: teams being anchored by their initial idea of him, teams fearing being a sucker who pays for an outlier year, and teams fearing something unfamiliar.
So Brooks suffered for his uneven line. He went from underperforming, to performing much better, to winning a scoring trophy. His growth has been exponential, not linear. These kinds of spikes don't gibe with our idea of hockey growth, and they make us think that something fishy's going on.
But to put it differently: how excited would we be if one of our 2015 fourth-rounders blew up his junior league with point-and-a-half-per-game offence? Very. In fact, we are that excited, because one did: Dmytro Timashov.
Timashov is five months younger than Brooks, and they're (funnily enough) the same height. He put up a lovely 85 points in 57 games in the QMJHL, and we're over the moon about it--as we should be. If we'd picked Brooks when we picked Timashov, we might well view him differently.
To take another example: let's look at forwards from the Canadian Hockey Leagues (OHL, WHL, and QMJHL.) Take the forwards drafted in the first and second rounds those years. Excluding those who went to the AHL/NHL, Brooks is 3rd in points per game of nine, ranking ahead of higher profile players like Josh Ho-Sang and John Quenneville. In even-strength points per game, Brooks was 8th among 2014 draft-eligible players this year. Even with league adjustments, that's impressive as hell.
And by the way, the player who's ranked 9th? Christian Dvorak, whom Bleacher Report just ranked the 33rd-best hockey prospect in the world. Brooks is damn good right now. The fact that his growth started later shouldn't detract from the fact that it's now caught up with--and may even have zoomed ahead of--his peers.
Further, there is some evidence that overagers are underrated. Zac Urback argues here that, according to his DEV tool, NHL teams routinely undervalue overagers, being reluctant to use a mid-round draft pick on a player they could have had at any point in the previous draft. The top overager in 2016, according to DEV? Adam Brooks.
So let's look at Brooks' growth on his own terms. In his D+1 year, where he led the Pats, the team had lesser people to play with him, pending the growth of Sam Steel and his phenomenal name. But Brooks' capacity to improve is what stands out: he went from a fringe producer to the top one on his team in the course of a year. The fact that he got that much better suggests that his gangbusters 2015-16 was not an outlier, but the next step for a player who shows an impressive capacity to grow his game. As Mike Babcock succinctly put it, "We think he's going in the right direction."
Brooks In Action
This clip (with some preamble as Brooks is awarded the WHL Player of the Year Trophy; ho hum) shows Brooks clowning on fools. While every player looks good in his highlights, Brooks seems to own the offensive zone at every turn. The guy knows where to stand, and where to pass.
Our own glorious leader and Future Considerations offer the pre-draft scouting report on Brooks:
Brooks is a smaller forward who took huge strides forward as a ‘96 this year. He has great offensive smarts, and the hands and vision to exploit opportunities. He gets to the right spots in the offensive zone for shooting opportunities as well as to take the pressure off his teammates by making himself available for a pass. He's not a shy guy, but more of a calm, calculated offensive force. Brooks is blessed with high-end vision and the ability to to put pucks through small lanes. He uses his quick feet in tandem with his quick hands to explode through the tight lanes and generate separation to make a play. He will go into the gritty traffic areas, but is by no means a rough, physical player. Brooks is not a guy who just gives effort in the offensive zone either -- he has developed his defensive awareness over the past couple of seasons. He is a player we have liked in the last two years, despite him struggling to stay in Regina's top nine. But after being given a top-line role, he has really picked up his scoring. He was the WHL's leading scorer and he plays a relentless two-way game. If he was a little bit bigger, we would have no doubts about him going inside the top three rounds, but for now, he is a later project guy.
The Leafs made him their later project, and we're glad they did. You should be too.
What The Future Holds
Brooks is an an interesting spot heading into this season. He's already 20, meaning he could only return to the WHL as an overage player ("overage" in this context is distinct from the idea of being "overage" in the NHL draft, which Brooks was as a player who was previously eligible to be drafted.) CHL teams have only three spots available to overage players, though Regina will undoubtedly be happy to take Brooks back if that's what he and the Leafs decide.
Otherwise, Brooks will join the ranks of the Marlies, where he'll take a number and fight for ice-time and attention among all the other skilled, undersized scorers. When a player is among the best in his league, our natural expectation as fans is that he'll take a step up in level of competition (see Mitch Marner, 2016.) Of course, this doesn't always happen (see Mitch Marner, 2015.) But we're hoping it does, and that Brooks continues his progression as a pro.
Conclusion
The only real reasons not to be excited over Brooks are his size and his late development. The NHL is now a league where 5'10" players are very capable of success, and Brooks' development--when you get past his undrafted status--has been extremely encouraging. Brooks is a great fourth-round pick for the Leafs, and a player to watch going forward--because if he keeps growing like he has, he's definitely not getting shut out of the T25 next summer. (And we'll claim clairvoyance when that happens.)
Talk-show host Oprah Winfrey, right, interviews Lance Armstrong during the taping of "Oprah and Lance Armstrong: The Worldwide Exclusive" in Austin. Armstrong confessed to using performance-enhancing drugs to win all seven Tour de France cycling races, reversing more than a decade of denial. The first part of the interview aired Jan. 17, and the remainder concludes Jan. 18.
Jan. 14, 2013 Talk-show host Oprah Winfrey, right, interviews Lance Armstrong during the taping of "Oprah and Lance Armstrong: The Worldwide Exclusive" in Austin. Armstrong confessed to using performance-enhancing drugs to win all seven Tour de France cycling races, reversing more than a decade of denial. The first part of the interview aired Jan. 17, and the remainder concludes Jan. 18. George Burns/AP
I like Lance Armstrong, have always liked him. Not the fairy-tale prince, but the real him, the guy with the scars in his head, both visible and invisible, the combative hombre who once crossed a finish line swinging his fists at another rider, the contradictory, salty-mouthed, anti-religious nonbeliever, who nevertheless restored a chapel. The man who tried to whip cancer fair and square, and did more good with his name and fortune than any athlete I've ever met.
I've searched high and low for my anger at Lance, and I can't find it. It's just not there. I checked — looked in every corner, and I'm empty of it. I've tried for weeks now to summon the moral certitude and outrage that others seem to demand, and I don't have it, maybe because he's my friend and co-author of “It's Not About the Bike,” but also because my opinion of him was never based on what he did in a bike race in France 10 years ago. And while we're on that subject, there is no question in my mind he was the hardest-working cyclist in the world, and for the life of me, I can't find the competitive injustice in his seven Tour de France victories.
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because, though I hoped he was clean, it's simply not shocking or enraging to learn that he was like all the other cyclists who sought a medical advantage in riding up the faces of mountains. Or because I've long believed that what athletes put in their bodies should be a matter of personal conscience, not police actions — when we demand unhealthy, even death-defying extremes of them for our entertainment, it seems the height of hypocrisy to then dictate what's good for them. Or because after reading the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency report, and more importantly the rider affidavits, what emerges is a portrait of a sport in which needles were so deeply embedded that the choice was simply to use them, or quit riding. And I don't have it in my heart to condemn any of the athletes in it, much less Lance, son of a Kroger supermarket checkout girl,who had a singular talent and whose career option was to go home, and do what exactly?
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because more informative than the USADA report was an ESPN interview with his former teammate Jonathan Vaughters, who observed: “There is the huge misconception, though, that this is about Lance. This is about a culture that Lance was a part of, and that he participated in . . . If you want people to be truthful and want to know what actually happened, as opposed to chasing ghosts for the next 10 years, then you have to let them know that we won't chop your head off.”
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because I've decided that the smoldering wreckage of the bonfire that burned down Big Tex was wildly out of proportion to the offense. And because, much as I would have liked a personal or public confession from him, I suspect that he understood what the price of it would be, and found the stakes too high to call up his friend at The Washington Post and bring it all down on his head.
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because, after reading the rider affidavits, I think it's apparent that all of the people associated with him are responsible for themselves and their choices, just as I was. If Floyd Landis, Tyler Hamilton, Christian VandeVelde and Dave Zabriskie took EPO during the Tour de France, it wasn't because Lance Armstrong shot them in their butts with it. I enjoyed and profited from my association with Lance when he was on top, and so did his fellow riders. Lance never made me write a single paragraph in “It's Not About the Bike” or the sequel “Every Second Counts,” and the vast majority of them, I stand by as honest. Such as this one: “Cycling is so hard, the suffering is so intense, that it's absolutely cleansing.”
Maybe I'm not angry at him because after reading the USADA report and the affidavits of the riders who spoke with USADA, I have some common-sense questions that preclude anger. Such as: Shouldn't an organization with the initials U.S. in front of it have to follow due process? And: According to the affidavits, the U.S. Postal Team had a highly organized “doping” system in place long before Lance became a member of it, so why is he the target of this report? Or: The affidavits taken by USADA make it clear that while Lance refused to use HGH, Floyd Landis introduced it to younger riders, so why is the federal government considering giving Landis whistle-blower protection?
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because for two decades now I've had serious questions about the wisdom and fairness of the “anti-doping” effort, which consists of criminalizing and demonizing athletes for what boils down to using medications without a prescription, as if they are heroin dealers. And I'm confused as to why using cortisone as an anti-inflammatory in a 2,000-mile race is cheating, and I wonder why putting your own blood back into your body is the crime of the century. And because there are offenses in sport that seem far, far worse to me. Like say, putting rapists on your college football team.
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because I believe the athlete in him is a situational personality — a facet, not the whole — and I'm just as glad not to compete against that side of him, the one that invented a game called “fireball” when he was a teenager that consisted of soaking tennis balls in kerosene, lighting them on fire, and playing catch with them. “Let me give you a piece of advice,” his wife Kristin once said. “Don't corner him. If you corner him, he'll fight his way out.” Whose makeup seems to me Phaedra-like, drawn by two horses pulling in opposite directions. “I have loved him every minute of his life,” his mother once declared, “but God, there were times when it was a struggle.”
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because I've never believed there was a more innocent sporting past, and I am not one of those people, unlike his prosecutors, who get nervous and angry when great athletes are too far removed from my own image of myself. And 25 years of writing about champions has convinced me that they are indeed, very, very different from you and me, and their qualities are often dark. And because “It's Not About the Bike” tried to state that quite clearly.
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because I don't understand those people who are bitterly angry to discover that he is not Santa Claus, while ignoring the very real and useful presents he delivered. Not toys, not hagiography, but the simple yet critical lesson that a third medical opinion can save your life. Or that the more educated a sick person is about their disease, the greater their statistical chance of survival. Who not only preached those lessons, but built an organization through which anyone can get the information and education about cancer for free that he was fortunate enough to be able to afford. And who put his money and incalculable amounts of time where his mouth was, raising $500 million for research and donating $7 million of his own fortune.
Maybe I'm not angry at Lance because the guy I know lost his head to celebrity and ego at times, but he always, always kept his head on straight about cancer. “You don't beat it,” he said. “You get very lucky and survive it. I don't want anyone to think I beat cancer because I'm special.” And because I never once saw him too tired to engage with a cancer sufferer, or too vain to pull out his driver's license and show the picture of himself bald, with no eyebrows, and two half moon scars in his scalp from brain surgery to remove tumors.
Or because he once said this, and I got to be the person who wrote it down and deliver it to others: “If children have the ability to ignore all odds and percentages, then maybe we can all learn from them. When you think about it, what other choice is there but to hope? We have two options, medically and emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.”
Let me make something clear: I don't just like Lance Armstrong for that. I love him for it.
For previous columns by Sally Jenkins, visit washingtonpost.com/jenkins.
The year has begun better than ever for Barcelona star Lionel Messi. The Argentine, owner of all types of goal scoring records, has already scored eight goals in 2015 in just 495 minutes of action.
Miki Soria
That works out an average of a goal every 61.85 minutes -- his best ratio in the month of January since becoming a professional footballer.
Messi started the year on the bench. He only played 45 minutes against Real Sociedad, but since that defeat (a defeat which provoked a revolution at the club on many levels), he hasn't missed a minute.
And he has been in wonderful goal scoring form.
He scored against Elche in the Copa del Rey (a penalty) and against Atletico Madrid in la Liga in one of Barça's best performances of the season.
Then, at the Riazor against Deportivo de La Coruña, he weighed in with a hat-trick.
It doesn't end there either. Leo was on the score sheet in the Copa del Rey quarter-final against Atletico, scoring the rebound after initially missing a penalty.
Finally, he scored two goals against Elche in the most recent league game. Two goals which leave him with his best ever ratio in January; a ratio which can be increased at the Vicente Calderon on Wednesday.
MESSI'S PREVIOUS JANUARYS
2005/06: 71.5
2006/07: n/a
2007/08: n/a
2008/09: 68.14
2009/10: 90.0
2010/11: 71.5
2011/12: 86.28
2012/13: 69.11
2013/14: 108.5
2014/15: 61.85
BOSTON -- The Green are getting greener.
With aging stars Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce on their way to the Brooklyn Nets and Doc Rivers coaching the Los Angeles Clippers, the Boston Celtics hired 36-year-old Brad Stevens from Butler as their next head coach Wednesday.
A source close to the Celtics confirmed that Stevens' deal is for six years and $22 million. Yahoo! Sports earlier reported terms of the contract. The Celtics have scheduled at 11 a.m. ET news conference Friday to introduce Stevens.
Stevens' hire drew reactions from players and coaches throughout the league, including legendary former coach Phil Jackson, who tweeted his thoughts.
Congrats, Danny Ainge, on hiring Brad Stevens. He has the demeanor of a composed leader. Hope he's got the hide of a rhino for NBA grind.
The move turns the tradition-bound franchise over to a mentor who is younger than Garnett and wasn't yet born when Bill Russell won his 11th NBA championship in 1969 (or even when John Havlicek added two more in the 1970s). It's the first time the Celtics have hired a college coach since Rick Pitino in 1997, and their first coach with no NBA experience of any kind since Alvin "Doggie" Julian gave way to Red Auerbach in 1950.
"Though he is young, I see Brad as a great leader who leads with impeccable character and a strong work ethic" Celtics general manager Danny Ainge said in a release. "His teams always play hard and execute on both ends of the court. Brad is a coach who has already enjoyed lots of success, and I look forward to working with him towards Banner 18."
A source with direct knowledge of the situation told ESPN.com's Andy Katz that the Celtics targeted Stevens as soon as the Rivers deal with the Clippers was finalized. The Celtics contacted Stevens a week ago. The two sides had phone conversations, and the Celtics were waiting for Stevens to say yes. Ainge and the Celtics' ownership group flew to Indianapolis on Wednesday morning for their one and only in-person meeting with Stevens, and he accepted the job there.
According to the source, the Celtics believe Stevens can be their head coach for a "long time,'' and they love his basketball mind, character and ability to relate to players. The source said the Celtics wanted to go for a coach who was highly respected. The Celtics talked to a few other candidates, but Stevens was the first, and throughout the past few years, whenever talk among the staff turned to a Rivers successor, Stevens' name was on the list.
Stevens had spent the past six years coaching Butler, leading the Bulldogs to back-to-back national championship games in 2010 and '11. He has a career winning percentage of .772 and never won fewer than 22 games in a season.
Stevens takes over a team that is three seasons removed from an appearance in the NBA Finals; the Celtics won their unprecedented 17th championship in 2008. But with Garnett and Pierce showing signs of slowing down in this year's playoffs, when Boston was eliminated by the New York Knicks in the first round, Ainge has decided to rebuild.
He allowed Rivers to take over the Clippers, extracting a first-round draft choice in return. Amid last week's NBA draft, the Celtics and Nets agreed to a deal that would send Garnett and Pierce to Brooklyn in exchange for a package of players along with three first-round draft picks.
Now, Stevens will be the one to work with those young players.
"Our family is thrilled for the opportunity given to us by the leadership of the Boston Celtics, but it is emotional to leave a place that we have called home for the past 13 years," Stevens said in a release issued by the university. "We truly love Butler University and Indianapolis, and are very thankful to have had the opportunity to celebrate so many wonderful things together."
At age 36, Stevens will be the youngest active coach in the NBA, two years ahead of Orlando's Jacque Vaughn.
At Butler, Stevens was 166-49 -- the most wins for any Division I coach in the first six years of his career. In 2009-10, the Bulldogs went 33-5, including the Horizon League's first 18-0 conference record, a 25-game winning streak and an appearance in the NCAA title game, where they lost to Duke 61-59 when a last-second, half-court shot bounced off the backboard and rim and out.
"Brad has given his talent to our university with exceptional generosity, integrity, and humility," Butler president James M. Danko said, calling Stevens "a beloved member of our community."
Butler athletic director Barry Collier also praised Stevens for his time at Butler, posting a message on Twitter.
@BUADCollier: Many thanks to Coach Brad Stevens for his outstanding leadership at #Butler. A fantastic person and we wish him well. — Barry Collier (@BUADCollier) July 4, 2013
Collier said Stevens' contract ran through 2025.
"That shows you the faith we had in Brad and the commitment we made to him," Collier said in a news conference at the school on Wednesday night. "I didn't treat it as inevitable [that he would leave]. I looked at it like every year Brad was our coach, it was another good year for Butler."
Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski, whose Blue Devils beat Butler to win the 2010 NCAA title, spoke glowingly of Boston's new hire.
"I think everyone is surprised. ... You think of Brad as one of the great college coaches," the Team USA coach told Katz. "He's an outstanding coach. He's at a time, he's young, I can see him, wanting to do something different. He's terrific. It's a great hire for the Celtics."
Krzyzewski, who himself has flirted with jumping to the NBA, thinks earning the respect of his new players won't be an issue with Stevens.
"He'll have respect. He's accomplished. Players respect success. He's had great success right away. So I don't think he'll have any problem with the players respecting him," Krzyzewski said. "They'll respect him. They respect excellence. He has it. It's a terrific hire. I'm a friend of his and I wish him the very best and I'll be pulling for him.
"To take over one of the most storied franchises in sports in an incredible opportunity, I can understand him doing it. In 1990, I almost did it with the Celtics. Dave Gavitt had just taken over. I can understand it."
While a new start lies ahead for Stevens and the Celtics, Butler is still left to fill the coach's enormous shoes.
"We have done everything we can to keep Brad here at Butler; however, the Celtics team has offered Brad and his family a unique opportunity with which no university can compete," Danko said.
Information from ESPN.com's Andy Katz and Jeff Goodman and The Associated Press was used in this report.
Yasunori Mitsunaga will end his Princess Resurrection ( Kaibutsu Oujo ) horror comedy manga in the April issue of Kodansha 's Monthly Shonen Sirius magazine that will be released on February 26. Kodansha will release 20th and final volume of the series on April 9. Princess Resurrection has been running in the magazine since 2005. The manga entered its final story arc in November.
Del Rey published seven volumes the manga in North America, although it stopped publishing the series before Kodansha USA took over its titles. JManga has released the first seven volumes on its website, with possible plans to release volumes previously unpublished in English.
Sentai Filmworks re-released the television anime version of Princess Resurrection with an English dub on DVD last January. The anime had been originally released by ADV Films , and Sentai Filmworks had then licensed the show in 2010 and released a Complete Collection with English subtitles only in August of that year.
[Via Manga News]
Reality Bites showed audiences how early-twentysomethings in the mid-1990s spent most of their time basing their personal ethos around the term “selling out” and suffering (Big Gulp-aided) brain cramps from self-rationalizing the hypocrisy of keeping “superficial” jobs to pay the bills. Winona Ryder played Lelaina, an aspiring documentarian who films her roommates and then has the video aired (with exploitative gloss) by her network executive boyfriend Michael Grates, a role played by first-time feature film director Ben Stiller. Ethan Hawke played the caustic irony-pointer-outer lost boy Troy, with support from Steve Zahn and Janeane Garofalo.
1. THE WRITER OF THE MOVIE NEVER WANTED TO BE A SCREENWRITER.
In 1994, Reality Bites screenwriter Helen Childress told Entertainment Weekly that she had “no interest in screenwriting. I wanted to be a poet. But poets don't make any money.” So she wrote a script all the same about people in their 20s in the early 1990s, which is exactly what producer Michael Shamberg was looking for. Childress was 24 years old when the film was released on February 18, 1994.
2. BEN STILLER MADE SOME KEY CHANGES TO CHILDRESS' SCRIPT.
Stiller believed the script to be “extremely funny,” but tweaked it anyway. “Originally, it was much more about all the characters in the movie,” he said in an interview around the time of the film's release. “Janeane's character, Vickie, and Steve's character, Sammy, and Ethan's character, Troy; all their stories were much more fleshed out. I felt like I couldn't really bring all those stories together; couldn't really tell them all fully, so I just wanted to make it more about Lelaina and her relationship with Troy.” He also changed the character he ended up playing, Michael Grates, from a 35-year-old ad man attempting to make Japanese candy bars popular in the United States to a twentysomething executive for In Your Face TV.
3. TRISTAR PICTURES CHANGED ITS MIND ABOUT MAKING THE MOVIE.
In 1993, the studio also eventually said no to Pulp Fiction. Made for $11.5 million, Reality Bites would end up being released by Universal Pictures, after Stiller claimed they were “turned down by everybody” else because twentysomething coming-of-age movies such as Singles (1992) didn't make enough money.
4. WINONA RYDER ADVOCATED HARD FOR ETHAN HAWKE AND JANEANE GAROFALO.
Winona Ryder had seen Ethan Hawke in the World War II drama A Midnight Clear (1992), and subsequently pushed for him to play Troy. Despite working with Stiller earlier on The Ben Stiller Show (1993), Garofalo said she didn't know if she would have been cast as Vickie without Ryder's high opinion of her.
5. GWYNETH PALTROW, PARKER POSEY, AND ANNE HECHE AUDITIONED FOR VICKIE.
Garofalo beat them out. In another interesting could-have-been, the part of Sammy came down to Steve Zahn and Noah Wyle (later of ER fame).
6. HAWKE PUT STEVE ZAHN ON THE PRODUCERS' RADAR.
Hawke and Zahn co-starred in the play Sophistry. Hawke encouraged executive producer Stacey Sher to see Zahn for Sammy. “Tons of people read for the part and it was just once we saw Steve, we knew,” Sher told HitFix.
7. IT WAS EMMANUEL “CHIVO” LUBEZKI'S FIRST AMERICAN FILM.
The Mexico City-born Lubezki was brought in as the director of photography. “I was very young and I was inexperienced and coming to America and uncomfortable living here,” Lubezki recalled. “I didn't have many friends. I was just coming here to work. When I got this offer, I read the script, and I have to be honest, I barely understood the humor in the script. I didn't find it that funny. I found it more dramatic than funny.”
The language barrier was irrelevant; Childress later said his hard work made everyone look “gorgeous.” Shamberg believed the look of the film was a “kind of romantic naturalism.” Last month, Lubezki pulled off an Oscar threepeat when he won his third consecutive Oscar for Best Cinematography for The Revenant (following wins for Birdman and Gravity).
8. ONE ORIGINAL TITLE WAS THE REAL WORLD.
It was nixed when MTV's The Real World debuted.
9. GAROFALO WAS FIRED (“SORT OF”), AND RYDER FOUGHT FOR HER AGAIN.
“That was my first experience with a studio film,” Garofalo told The A.V. Club. “I didn't understand what was going to happen, or why the hours were so long. I know Ben was not thrilled with me there. He also didn't like my attitude during rehearsal, because I hate to rehearse. He sort of fired me, but luckily I was rehired because Winona stepped in on my behalf. Let's put it this way: I don't have a good work ethic.”
10. NONE OF THE COMPANIES MENTIONED IN THE MOVIE INSISTED ON A CHANGE IN THE SCRIPT.
“There is product placement in the movie, but I don't have any problem with it because it never happened where they said ‘OK, you can put our product in but you have to change your script,'” Stiller reasoned. Diet Coke specifically was written into the script because Childress lived off of it.
11. HAWKE TURNED STILLER ON TO LISA LOEB.
Loeb had participated in Hawke's theater company, writing music in New York City. Hawke sent her new song, “Stay,” to Stiller, who agreed it should be in the movie. After they were refused permission by Atlantic Records to use a song by The Lemonheads (fronted by Evan Dando, who appears in the film), “Stay” was slotted as the second song to play during the closing credits. The first and last music video Hawke directed would be “Stay.” Mostly because of the movie, Loeb achieved the rare distinction of being an unsigned artist with a number one single, a feat that wouldn't be achieved again for another 19 years.
12. PETER FRAMPTON WASN'T THE FILMMAKER'S FIRST CHOICE.
"Baby I Love Your Way” was supposed to be a Beck tune.
13. THE FIRST TEST SCREENING DIDN'T GO WELL.
When the Berkeley, California audience saw the Universal logo, most of them booed.
14. THE REAL TROY SUED.
A Troy Dyer attended USC film school with Childress, became a financial consultant in Wisconsin, and sued in 2005 for defamation. Childress claimed Dyer gave her permission to use his name, because he was straight-laced and conservative—the total opposite of the character. The case was settled to “everyone's mutual satisfaction,” according to Dyer.
Peru's electoral office declared Thursday that Pedro Pablo Kuczynski had won 41,438 more votes than Keiko Fujimori in the country's cliffhanger run-off election, after four days of counting.
The office, known in Peru as the ONPE, gave Kuczynski 50.12 percent of countable votes compared to 49.88 percent for Fujimori.
It cautioned, however, that thousands of unclear votes from Sunday's run-off still had to be examined by electoral scrutineers.
Unclear ballots would be clarified "soon" by the special electoral panels, ONPE head Mariano Cucho told a press conference in Lima.
Kuczynski made a brief, triumphant statement, but stopped short of declaring victory. His supporters, however, celebrated outside campaign headquarters.
Fujimori did not immediately comment. One of her aides, congressman Pedro Spadaro said Fujimori's team was waiting for the electoral office to formally proclaim a winner.
Experts said it was almost impossible that Fujimori would overtake Kuczynski during the scrutiny phase.
'We're close,' says Kuczynski
"There's a lot of work to do. It's still not completely official, but we're close," Kuczynski told journalists outside his home in Lima.
If confirmed, the 77-year-old neo-liberal economist will succeed Ollanta Humala as Peru's president on 28 July.
During campaigning, the 41-year-old Fujimori argued that Kuczynski's advanced age was a hindrance.
In the first round of voting in April, Fujimori, leader of the rightist Popular Force Party and the daughter of the country's imprisoned former president, Alberto Fujimori, had won 40 percent of votes to Kuczynski's 21 percent.
Voter turnout among the 23 million eligible voters was 80 percent.
Authorities had waited for seven results sheets to arrive from a remote valley in the Amazon rainforest.
ipj/bw (dpa, AP, Reuters)
Operations in the Singapore facility are expected to cease by May 20, and most of the staff will be made redundant, says the studio.
SINGAPORE: The local branch of visual effects studio Double Negative will be shut down, it announced on Wednesday (Mar 23).
"The closure will result in the redundancy of the majority of the staff in Singapore," the studio said. Operations in the Singapore facility are expected to cease by May 20.
Advertisement
The Singapore branch of Double Negative was responsible for some of the visual effects in several Hollywood blockbusters, such as Godzilla, Man of Steel and The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 and Part 2.
The studio said that it will be working with the Singapore Government to help staff find jobs at Double Negative's other studios - such as in London, Mumbai and Vancouver - or in other companies here.
“In closing the facility, our first priority is our staff. We will be working closely with the relevant agencies in the Singapore Government to ensure that all support is given to our staff in finding them ongoing roles at one of Double Negative's other facilities or potential training and placement in other firms in Singapore,” said the firm's managing director Alex Hope.
“Closing a facility is never an easy choice," he added. "However we must be responsive to the requirements of our clients and ensure our global operation is well-balanced to meet their needs. The changing global dynamics of the film industry has focused the growth and development of our operations elsewhere in the world.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Double Negative is also behind some of the effects work for the new Batman V Superman: Dawn of Justice movie, as well as the upcoming Captain America: Civil War.
In Harlan, Kentucky, police have issued an arrest warrant for Frozen‘s Elsa. The frigid temperatures and heaping piles of snow have wreaked havoc in Kentucky, and many states around the country. The good folks of Harlan have had enough and are taking their ire out on the Disney queen.
In mere moment after the Elsa arrest warrant was issued as a good-natured joke to help brighten spirits during the arctic blast, news of the handcuffs at the ready announcement went viral. The Harlan Police Department posted a notice regarding their Frozen arrest warrant on their Facebook page.
“Suspect is a blonde female last seen wearing a long blue dress and is known to burst into song `Let it Go!' As you can see by the weather she is very dangerous,” The Elsa Frozen arrest warrant notice issued by the Harlan Police Department said.
The Kentucky law enforcement agency then posted another status that told citizens that with all joking aside, the extremely cold weather should be taken seriously and urged caution. Earlier this week a forceful winter storm dropped about 1-foot of snow in the Harlan region of Kentucky. “Stay off the roads unless it is an emergency. Watch out and help others who may need help,” the police department Facebook post added.
Way to go Harlan City PD, way to leverage social media for big wins & get some great #PR too! http://t.co/JaVu3dJCsK pic.twitter.com/YGduyj9Lz0 — Ty Mays, PR Pro (@PerfectPitchPR) February 19, 2015
“Round… well lost count… of winter weather tonight and into tomorrow. Winter Storm Warning for snow, ice, sleet and rain. Please take action and be prepared and continue to stay safe,” another Harlen Police Department Facebook post said.
Police Department issues warrant for arrest of Frozen's Queen Elsa http://t.co/g00JLFlcHnpic.twitter.com/SKb9MX56Jn — Standard-Examiner (@standardex) February 20, 2015
In other news, the social media intern for the Harlan City (Ky.) Police Department just got a job at @BuzzFeed http://t.co/yxlU9Afnte — Jason Noble (@jasonnobleDMR) February 20, 2015
“Wow. We were just having a little fun and didn't expect this! It has been fun and we had to have a little fun after this week's weather. But as a reminder, do take the precautions you need to keep you, your friends, family, neighbors and pets safe during the snow queen's mad spell,” The Harlan, Kentucky police said in response to all of the online buzz about the Frozen Elsa arrest warrant being issued.
[Image via: Cinema Blend]
John Kasich. J.D. Pooley/Getty Images John Kasich is staying in the Republican presidential race, his campaign said on Tuesday.
After finishing a distant third in Tuesday's Indiana primary, the Kasich campaign's chief strategist, John Weaver, sent out a memo announcing that the Ohio governor will remain in the race until Trump secures the GOP nomination.
Trump, the GOP frontrunner, secured a massive win in the state. The race was called moments after the polls closed.
"Tonight's results are not going to alter Gov. Kasich's campaign plans," Weaver wrote in the memo. "Our strategy has been and continues to be one that involves winning the nomination at an open convention."
Weaver called out Trump's "disrespectful ramblings" as a reason why Kasich presents a stark contrast to the Manhattan billionaire.
He wrote:
The comments from Trump, on the verge of winning in Indiana, heighten the differences between Governor Kasich and his positive, inclusive approach and the disrespectful ramblings from Donald Trump.
Prior to tonight's primary, the Kasich campaign had already secured a large plurality of Indiana delegates committed to Governor Kasich at a multi-ballot convention as part of the pre-primary delegate selection process.
"Gov. Kasich will remain in the race unless a candidate reaches 1,237 bound delegates before the Convention," he continued.
Read the full memo below:
Tonight's results are not going to alter Gov. Kasich's campaign plans. Our strategy has been and continues to be one that involves winning the nomination at an open convention. The comments from Trump, on the verge of winning in Indiana, heighten the differences between Governor Kasich and his positive, inclusive approach and the disrespectful ramblings from Donald Trump.
Prior to tonight's primary, the Kasich campaign had already secured a large plurality of Indiana delegates committed to Governor Kasich at a multi-ballot convention as part of the pre-primary delegate selection process.
The Indianapolis Star wrote about our success two weeks ago. You can read about it (here).
Gov. Kasich will remain in the race unless a candidate reaches 1,237 bound delegates before the Convention.
Here's why:
I. Gov. Kasich remains the candidate best positioned to win a contested convention.
• A plurality of Trump delegates will support him after the first ballot.
• He can unite the Party better than anyone else. Trump's cynical sowing of division will render the GOP into angry, irrelevant status for decades.
II. Gov. Kasich is the only Republican who can win in November.
• Delegates want to win in November, and only Gov. Kasich can defeat Hillary Clinton. According to the Real Clear Politics polling average Clinton leads Trump by more than 6 points on average. Meanwhile, Gov. Kasich leads Clinton by over 7 points. A Trump nomination means the end of a Republican Congress and scores of local, legislative and state constitutional offices will be lost for a generation.
III. Gov. Kasich offers Republicans and Americans a refreshing choice of hope, inclusion and conservative reform.
• Nearly 60 percent of GOP voters have voted for a candidate other than Donald Trump. Republican primary voters deserve to have a choice in the remaining contests and we intend to forcefully give them one. Americans overwhelmingly want to vote for Governor Kasich in a general election. A detailed analysis of the Electoral College confirms Governor Kasich is the only one who can win. Both Trump and Cruz would lose to Clinton by considerable margins in a head-to-head race, winning just 210 and 206 Electoral College votes, respectively. By contrast, Kasich comfortably defeats Clinton, racking up 304 Electoral College votes to her 234. Read the full analysis (here).
IV. The future of the Republican Party and America is at stake. Gov. Kasich will not simply give up.
• The Mad Hatter Gibberish pushed by Trump during the primary would weaken America. His proposals would divide us, put American workers in the unemployment line and put our national security at risk. And a Clinton presidency would be at least four more years of international drift, a liberal Supreme Court, and more big government at the expense of job creators, entrepreneurs and families.
V. Gov. Kasich has the experience, vision and leadership abilities needed in our next President.
• A Kasich Presidency means a conservative Supreme Court; the return of money, power and influence to the states; a balanced budget and tax reduction, unleashing job creators; faith that our nation's challenges can be solved by families and local communities; and a White House that prioritizes doing what's right over what's political expedient.
This is the stark choice that confronts Republicans between now and when a nominee is chosen in Cleveland. Gov. Kasich looks forward to continuing to compete with Donald Trump in the upcoming primaries through California on June 7th.
Check us out on Buzzfeed!
The mission of this campaign is to raise funds to finish the rest of the images in the series, create and print a limited edition run of the finished book, and distribute the books, prints, and rewards to backers.
Please read this PDF preview of the book!
It's only a very small sampling of the final product, but it should give you guys an idea of what I'm imagining for the final presentation. The finished version will be 75+ pages of images and short-stories!
WHY IS THIS SO EXPENSIVE!?
This project is more like a small film-production than a photography series. We have a BUNCH of images to do, and there is a whole team of professionals involved that can't afford to work for free. Only a small amount of this stuff is Photoshop magic, it requires mostly real-life props, people, and effects.
Half of the money is for the production of the images, the other half is to print the finished books and fine-art prints for my backers (without a publisher, which is way more expensive). For more specifics scroll down on this page to see a more detailed explanation. Thank you!
The finished book will tell the full story of Charles Moray and the impact of his company across the city and beyond. The plot is already planned and written, I just need to complete the images and finish writing some of the short stories.
How the money will be used:
1) Expand the size and scope of the remaining 20-25 images. This means bigger shots, more models, more action, and more intricate environments.
2) Apply for shooting licenses, rent locations and studio space when necessary, and possibly build sets. So far we have been very limited in terms of where we can shoot and how wide the shots can be (I've had to shoot over half of them in and around my apartment building).
3) Rent and build props & costumes. These will be things like vintage and retro furnishings for scenes, and also story related objects like laser-guns, robot parts, space-suits, and miniatures.
3) Pay my team and talent for their contributions on the future images. This includes models, makeup artist, clothing stylist, set designer, and assistants. All of them have been generously volunteering their time and skills so far, and I also want to provide them with resources to push their craft.
4) Print books and special edition photographs. This is a big one, since I don't have a publisher yet. Using Blurb as the printer, the books will be 12x12" and 8x10", and approximately 80 pages. Doing a first edition of between 60 and 100 copies (depending upon demand), and factoring in domestic shipping costs, I've set aside 7,000 dollars of the funds for this.
That leaves about 13,000 for the actual creation of the images. I'm hoping to have a budget of approximately 500 dollars for each. With a goal of 20-25 new images, the money will go very quickly.
If enough money is raised past the goal, I will be creating subsequent book editions and more incentive levels to secure them.
This one took more than 70 hours over a period of 2 weeks to retouch!
Behind the scenes with Nic, who plays Philip in the story
Backers need not fear whether I will complete the project, I've been obsessively working on it for a year and a half to reach this point. Those taking the time to examine my blog will see I've output a new image every 2-3 weeks, with only a few exceptions, since the spring of 2012. I'm more passionate about finishing this book than virtually anything else in my life, and the people working with me are incredible professionals in their own right, and among my closest friends.
Essentially what I've done so far is cherry pick planned images from throughout the story, ones that were financially feasible based on my income, and did them first. This campaign is to raise the money to go back through and finally shoot the rest, which are more work, more ambitious, and also some of the coolest.
"The Wrong Channel" note: no cats were thrown in the making of this image! :)
Beyond the project
The 5th Dimension universe has already begun to develop a life of its own, and myself and other creatives do not plan on stopping with the book. We imagine live-action adaptations, an expanded universe for other artists & authors to develop and explore, podcasts, and much more. This campaign and your support can not only help me complete the book, but also jump-start a whole slew of other great content.
For those who support us,
Anybody that supports the project, if you're in Chicago please shoot me an email and we'll hang out. We'll grab a drink and talk about how awesome Rod Serling is.
In addition, we will be checking in regularly with updates about how the project is going. This will include behind-the-scenes photographs, videos, and interviews with me and the rest of the team.
Also, every copy of the book will come with an invitation to the project-completion party in 2014! (Unfortunately, travel expenses not included).
The finished result of the shoot shown in the kickstarter video!
Special thanks to:
- Chicago's very own The Fat Babies for letting us use their song "Please" for the video!
-Aidan Brezonick and Trope Americana for putting together the video
-All of my friends, family, colleagues, fans, and supporters who have helped the project grow to this point.
**Shipping**
For Chicago backers, no shipping is required. We can either meet personally for the exchange, or I will arrange delivery myself.
For domestic shipping, the cost is built into the reward.
For international, maximum 60 dollars. My hope is that a publisher will jump on board during the campaign to offset the cost, and if so I will pass those savings along immediately.
The Rajasthan Police have cleared the Robert Vadra-promoted Skylight Hospitality of any wrongdoing, saying the company was a victim of “conspiracy” and “cheating” as grabbed government land was sold to it.
The police investigation in a case lodged by the Vasundhara Raje-led state government in 2014 found that 69.55 hectares of land was sold to the company promoted by Vadra and his mother on the basis of forged papers. Vadra is the son-in-law of Congress president Sonia Gandhi and has been accused by the BJP of land grab in Rajasthan and Haryana.
Deputy superintendent of police Ramavtar Soni told HT that as a bona fide purchaser Vadra was “certainly a victim of fraud” and he had been “cheated”.
MP (Lok Sabha) from Bikaner Arjun Ram Meghwal, who had leveled allegations against Vadra of acquiring government land, said he was not aware of the outcome of the police probe.
Congress legislator Bhanvarsingh Bhati, however, termed the entire probe a “publicity stunt” by the BJP which he said ended as a “flop show”.
HT has accessed the police report that says a total of 69.55 hectare was purchased in 2010 by Skylight Hospitality Pvt Ltd which it sold to Allegeny Finlease Pvt Ltd in 2012.
The report also names nine people who allegedly forged the documents to sell government land to the company. Of them, six have been arrested.
In all, 18 cases were registered by Bikaner police in the alleged land grab case and four of them were related to the land sold to Skylight Hospitality Pvt Ltd.
The police report also says Mahesh Nagar, who purchased the land for the company, was a key prosecution witness and Vadra was not aware of the land deals.
The BJP government in 2013 announced initiating an inquiry against land deals by Vadra in Bikaner after the UPA government launched an investigation against the Gujarat “snoopgate” scandal.
In an interview with HTin December 2013, Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje said an investigation into the land deals had found instances of “wrongdoing”.
First Published: Jan 26, 2016 09:14 IST
TORIBIO ORTEGA, who supposedly fired the first shot in the Mexican Revolution a century ago, would have been surprised if told that a descendant of his would one day run an American state. So would Adolfo Martinez, another Mexican revolutionary, who crossed the sparsely patrolled border into America in the 1920s (whether legally or not is unclear from census records). But today Susana Martinez of New Mexico, great-granddaughter of the former and granddaughter of the latter, does just that: she is America's first Latina governor.
Her Democratic predecessor, Bill Richardson, is of Mexican descent on his mother's side. And Brian Sandoval in Nevada is both Latino and Republican. But Ms Martinez is the only governor who is simultaneously Hispanic, female and Republican. As such, she seems well on the way to embodying the party's hoped-for future as a conservative movement that can appeal to, rather than repel, Latinos, America's fastest-growing main ethnic group.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This is why many Republican strategists are now studying her. New Mexico, which has the highest share (almost half) of Latinos of any state in the country, is, along with Colorado and Nevada, an important swing state for 2012. John McCain, the Republican candidate last time and a senator from Arizona, thinks that Latinos are up for grabs in these states and even in his own, if Republicans will just change their nativist tone.
This is old news to Ms Martinez. Sitting in Santa Fe's remarkably informal Roundhouse, as the state capitol is nicknamed in homage to old Navajo hogans, she describes her conversion to Republicanism as a Damascene moment. Like most Latinos, she and her husband, Chuck Franco, started out as Democrats “because our parents were”. Then, one day in the 1990s, she and Mr Franco had lunch with two local Republicans. “They just asked questions, never asked us to switch party,” recalls Ms Martinez. And yet, as they sat in the car after the lunch, Ms Martinez turned to her husband and said, “Chuck, we're Republicans. What do we do now?”
She is only now beginning to work out her answer. Last year, when she ran for governor, she focused less on philosophy and more on fatigue with Mr Richardson, a Democrat who was termed out of office but had a reputation for sleaze. (A probe by a grand jury, the latest of several, is investigating alleged campaign-finance problems dating to his run for president in 2008.)
So Ms Martinez, so far, has simply tried to represent clean government. Her most photogenic act was to sell the state jet, a Cessna Citation Bravo, which Mr Richardson, she implied, had used as “a personal air taxi”. She even fired his cooks.
But the biggest issue for Latinos nationwide has been the new virulence among Republicans towards illegal immigrants, after radical legislation last year in neighbouring (and much whiter) Arizona. Ms Martinez has said little about the Arizona law and what it means to her “as a woman and as a Latina”, says Christine Marie Sierra, a politics professor at the University of New Mexico. But she has had a lot to say about law and order.
Tough and wonkish
Ms Martinez has embarked on an effort to stop issuing driving licences to illegal aliens. Only New Mexico and Washington state currently do this. (Utah issues permits.) Proponents argue that this policy, which also dates from Mr Richardson, lets more drivers get insurance and helps police to collect information. But Ms Martinez says it has turned into a racket, in which foreigners (not just Mexicans) sneak into the state for licences, then exchange them in other states to become documented.
For an Anglo politician, this would be a minefield. Even for Ms Martinez, it has caused problems, as Latino groups have accused her of being a traitor to her race. The ambiguity about her immigrant grandfather does not help. But her stance has not hurt her with voters or with Latinos in general. With a legislature that still tilts Democratic, she may or may not prevail. But her main objective may be to leave the topic of immigration at that, in order to move on.
To what? This is where that lunchtime conversion in the 1990s comes in. Ms Martinez has a wonkish side. The state's small budget is unusual in having turned into surplus. And she cares about education, a sore spot for the state. One of her few successes to date has been a new education policy, which grades schools from A to F. Ms Martinez will now fight for other reforms considered conservative, eventually including proper evaluations for teachers. And this, she says, is the way to grab Hispanics: “Latinos care about education, yes, so we need reform, not just money.”
And so, conservatively, she moves on, from the environment to lower, simpler taxes and the rest. When necessary, she also looks the part. She shot a mean pistol when renewing her gun licence (which Jay McCleskey, a consultant who has been called a New Mexican Karl Rove, made sure to capture on video). Her husband wears gigantic cowboy hats.
If she does not talk about being Latina, it is because she has no need to. And yet, she says, it is the reason why she would turn the party down if it asked her to become the vice-presidential nominee: “I'm often introduced as the first Latina governor. With that comes an enormous responsibility,” she says. “Those little girls watching me have to see me deliver my promises.” So she will finish her term, as Sarah Palin in Alaska did not. What happens after that remains to be seen.
Did you ever wonder how we could iterate over the contents of a std::tuple at runtime, similar to an array or std::vector ? You may or may not see the need for such a functionality - this walkthrough shows a proof of concept and how you tackle problems like this in C++17.
This post is part of a collaboration with Arne Mertz. Arne is a software Engineer at Zühlke and a clean code enthusiast with a focus on modern C++. You can find him online at Twitter and at his “Simplify C++!” blog . We've both written something about accessing std::tuple , but swapped our blogs - my post is over at his blog and his one follows here now:
The mission
When I say “iterate over the contents of a tuple”, I think of range-based for loops. Tuples have neither begin() and end() methods, nor are we allowed to overload free versions of those functions in namespace std . That means, range-based for directly over a tuple is not possible, so we'll have to provide a wrapper for the functionality around std::tuple .
Another problem is the content we iterate over: This should work for any instantiation of std::tuple , i.e. with arbitrary contents. The elements we iterate over will have to be some kind of sum type. The type for that in the STL is std::variant , and with std::visit we can access whatever is in it.
An example of the code we would like to get working is this:
int main () { std :: tuple < int , std :: string , double > tup { 42 , "foo" , 3.14 }; for ( auto const & elem : to_range ( tup )) { std :: visit ( overload ( []( int i ) { std :: cout << "int: " << i << '
' ; }, []( std :: string const & s ) { std :: cout << "string: " << s << '
' ; }, []( double d ) { std :: cout << "double: " << d << '
' ; } ), elem ); } }
Here, overload is just a functionality that draws all the arguments together into one single function object.
Taking it apart
Compile time access at runtime?
Iterating over a tuple at compile time is easy. With std::get<N> we can access any member. The N , however, needs to be known at compile time. If iterators in a range-based for loop were allowed to change their type in every step, we could just write a tuple_iterator<N> template and call it a day.
But it's not that easy. Iteration happens at runtime, and we have no arbitrary runtime access for tuples. That means, we somehow have to map runtime information (i.e. which element should the iterator point to) to the access functions that need compile time information.
The only way to achieve this is to put all of the compile-time information in a list we can iterate over at runtime. In other words, we need a lookup table.
template < /* ??? */ > struct tuple_runtime_access_table { using tuple_type = /* ??? */ ; using return_type = /* ??? */ ; using converter_fun = /* ??? */ ; template < std :: size_t N > static return_type access_tuple ( tuple_type & t , converter_fun & f ) { return f ( std :: get < N > ( t )); } using accessor_fun_ptr = return_type ( * )( tuple_type & , converter_fun & ); const static auto table_size = std :: tuple_size_v < tuple_type > ; const static std :: array < accessor_fun_ptr , table_size > lookup_table = { { & access_tuple < 0 > , & access_tuple < 1 > , /* ... and so on ... */ , & access_tuple < table_size - 1 > } }; };
Let's go over this step by step: Since std::get<N> returns different types, we can not simply take the addresses of std::get<0> , std::get<1> etc. for a given tuple. We need to convert the result into a result_type common to all those functions, e.g. the std::variant I mentioned earlier.
To get that, we need a converter_fun function or function object that, applied to any element of our tuple, results in the result_type . The static function template access_tuple<N> does exactly this. Last but not least we have to stuff pointers to all those functions into our lookup table.
Filling out the blanks
We don't want to put too much logic into this one template, so we can just use template parameters for tuple_type , return_type and converter_fun . In addition, to generate the contents of our table, we'll need to generate indices from 0 through table_size -1 as shown here. This is a typical use case for variadic non-type templates.
template < typename Tup , typename R , typename F , std :: size_t ... Idxs > struct tuple_runtime_access_table { using tuple_type = Tup ; using return_type = R ; using converter_fun = F ; template < std :: size_t N > static return_type access_tuple ( tuple_type & t , converter_fun & f ) { return f ( std :: get < N > ( t )); } using accessor_fun_ptr = return_type ( * )( tuple_type & , converter_fun & ); const static auto table_size = sizeof ...( Idxs ); constexpr static std :: array < accessor_fun_ptr , table_size > lookup_table = { { & access_tuple < Idxs > ...} }; };
Leverage type deduction
We'd like to have most of the template parameters deduced, especially since the converter function will probably be a lambda. The index parameter pack will be provided via a std::index_sequence . So let's write a small utility function to do the type deduction for us:
template < typename R , typename Tup , typename F , std :: size_t ... Idxs > auto call_access_function ( Tup & t , std :: size_t i , F f , std :: index_sequence < Idxs ... > ) { auto & table = tuple_runtime_access_table < Tup , R , F , Idxs ... >:: lookup_table ; auto * access_function = table [ i ]; return access_function ( t , f ); }
Now, the only thing that has to be provided explicitly is the return type. Note that neither R nor F , nor Idxs... are specified at this point. That means, we could use this to execute any given F on our tuple, as long as it can be applied to all elements in that index list and the return types are convertible to R.
The return type
It's time to get more concrete on that return type. I wrote it should be a std::variant . To be able to have write access to the tuple, and to not have to make potentially costly copies of the tuple elements, the variant should contain references. Sadly, std::variant may not contain references, so we'll have to use std::reference_wrapper .
template < typename Tup > struct common_tuple_access ; template < typename ... Ts > struct common_tuple_access < std :: tuple < Ts ... >> { using type = std :: variant < std :: reference_wrapper < Ts > ... > ; };
The standard library makes an effort to provide most of the functionalities that are available for std::tuple also for std::pair and std::array . Therefore, we should specialize this metafunction for those two as well. Note that for std::array this is quite useless in most cases, since it already has begun() and end() member functions.
template < typename T1 , typename T2 > struct common_tuple_access < std :: pair < T1 , T2 >> { using type = std :: variant < std :: reference_wrapper < T1 > , std :: reference_wrapper < T2 >> ; }; template < typename T , auto N > struct common_tuple_access < std :: array < T , N >> { using type = std :: variant < std :: reference_wrapper < T >> ; };
And then finally make it easily accessible.
template < typename Tup > using common_tuple_access_t = typename common_tuple_access < Tup >:: type ;
The runtime access function
With the lookup table and the utility function, we should be able to write a function that simply takes the Nth entry of it and invokes it on a tuple to get the std::variant containing the corresponding element. All that is missing is to write the function object that does the wrapping into the std::reference_wrapper for us, and create the right std::index_sequence :
template < typename Tup > auto runtime_get ( Tup & t , std :: size_t i ) { return call_access_function < common_tuple_access_t < Tup >> ( t , i , []( auto & element ){ return std :: ref ( element ); }, std :: make_index_sequence < std :: tuple_size_v < Tup >> {} ); }
The rest is easy…
Having tackled the runtime access to the i th element of any tuple, the rest of the way to our range based for loop is relatively straight forward.
tuple_iterator
The absolute minimum for the range-based for loop is that the iterator type returned from begin() have the pre-increment and dereferencing operators defined, and that operator!= is defined for the two types returned by begin() and end() . Note that from C++17 the two types need not necessarily be the same.
For our purposes it will be sufficient if we use the same type of iterator for begin() and end() . Personally, I think operator!= should always be implemented in terms of operator== , if possible, so I'll provide that one as well.
template < typename Tup > class tuple_iterator { Tup & t ; size_t i ; public : tuple_iterator ( Tup & tup , size_t idx ) : t { tup }, i { idx } {} tuple_iterator & operator ++ () { ++ i ; return * this ; } bool operator == ( tuple_iterator const & other ) const { return std :: addressof ( other . t ) == std :: addressof ( t ) && other . i == i ; } bool operator != ( tuple_iterator const & other ) const { return ! ( * this == other ); } auto operator * () const { return runtime_get ( t , i ); } };
There's much more to implement to make this a proper iterator, e.g. range checks and many other operators, but I'll leave that as an exercise to the reader.
to_range
The last piece of the puzzle is a very simple range wrapper:
template < typename Tup > class to_range { Tup & t ; public : to_range ( Tup & tup ) : t { tup }{} auto begin () { return tuple_iterator { t , 0 }; } auto end () { return tuple_iterator { t , std :: tuple_size_v < Tup > }; } auto operator []( std :: size_t i ){ return runtime_get ( t , i ); } };
Again, I provide only the necessary operations, plus an overload of operator[] to make the access of single elements easy.
overload
Using template deduction for classes, overload can be implemented relatively simply and naively in C++17:
template < class ... Fs > struct overload : Fs ... { overload ( Fs && ... fs ) : Fs { fs }... {} using Fs :: operator ()...; };
There is also a proposal to add something more sophisticated to a later standard, but for this use case it will suffice.
Putting it all together
Let's revisit again the original goal:
int main () { std :: tuple < int , std :: string , double > tup { 42 , "foo" , 3.14 }; for ( auto const & elem : to_range ( tup )) { std :: visit ( overload ( []( int i ) { std :: cout << "int: " << i << '
' ; }, []( std :: string const & s ) { std :: cout << "string: " << s << '
' ; }, []( double d ) { std :: cout << "double: " << d << '
' ; } ), elem ); } }
This code will now compile as it is and delivers the expected results. It will also “just work” for std::pair , because we took care of common_tuple_access for pairs.
Dealing with reference_wrapper
Since we had to make the tradeoff of using std::reference_wrapper inside the variant, we have to be aware of that fact. For example, if we have a generic lambda in our visitor, it will always be called with the reference_wrappers instead of the functions we intended to do the job.
In addition, if the reference wrapper contains a template like std::string , then printing it via operator<< will fail, because it will not consider the implicit conversion from std::reference_wrapper<std::string>> to std::string . Therefore, the following code will result in a template error novel:
… std :: visit ( overload ( []( int i ) { std :: cout << "int: " << i << '
' ; }, []( double d ) { std :: cout << "double: " << d << '
' ; }, []( auto const & s ) { std :: cout << "???: " << s << '
' ; } ), elem ); …
This can be fixed with a helper that derives from overload and applies the unwrapping for us:
template < class ... Fs > struct overload_unref : overload < Fs ... > { overload_unref ( Fs && ... fs ) : overload < Fs ... > { std :: forward < Fs > ( fs )...} {} using overload < Fs ... >:: operator (); template < class T > auto operator ()( std :: reference_wrapper < T > rw ){ return ( * this )( rw . get ()); } };
Using this, the code will work again:
int main () { std :: tuple < int , std :: string , double > tup { 42 , "foo" , 3.14 }; for ( auto const & elem : to_range ( tup )) { std :: visit ( overload_unref ( []( int i ) { std :: cout << "int: " << i << '
' ; }, []( double d ) { std :: cout << "double: " << d << '
' ; }, []( auto const & s ) { std :: cout << "???: " << s << '
' ; } ), elem ); } }
You can find the full code on here on GitHub.
Conclusion
We can get runtime access to tuples, although there is some overhead involved. The redirection via the function pointer table can not be optimized away, and neither can the resolution of the variant's content in std::visit . We trade some performance for flexibility, because we do not need to know which element we are accessing at compile time.
The return of Nick Chubb from the knee injury he suffered at mid-season will be one of the bigger storylines in the SEC — and the Heisman race — this fall.
Chubb, the 2014 SEC Freshman of the Year, ran for 747 yards in six games last season (it was essentially five games, since he went down on the first play from scrimmage against Tennessee) after going for 1,547 yards in his debut year for Georgia.
New Georgia head coach Kirby Smart said earlier this week that he thinks Chubb will be fine. But he really won't know until after the first or second scrimmage next month during live tackling to see how the star running back responds to being hit.
Article continues below ...
"The big thing with Nick is going to be full, live-contact tackling," Smart said earlier this month at SEC Media Days. "The psychological factor of him taking the first hits and going through tackling will be a big part of that."
The 5-10, 220-pounder gashed Vanderbilt for 189 yards on just 19 carries on the road. The week before his injury, Chubb piled up 146 yards on 20 carries in a blowout loss to Alabama.
Last year, Vanderbilt saw first-hand how good Georgia's Nick Chubb can be. (Ronald C. Modra/Sports Imagery/Getty Images)
Vanderbilt coach Derek Mason, a former defensive coordinator at Stanford, knows plenty about dealing with elite running backs. I asked Mason what he thought made Chubb so good.
"Nick Chubb is really special,” Mason said. "His feet never stop. He always moves the line of scrimmage. He can anticipate contact and his ability to offset tacklers from angles is unbelievable. That's an innate ability. His ability to see what's happening in front him and react on a dime. Had he not gotten hurt (last year) there wasn't anybody he wasn't running through or making miss. Nick Chubb is the best running back in this conference that I've faced."
That latter point is a pretty big statement when you consider that Georgia's previous stud tailback Todd Gurley ran for 163 yards on 25 carries against the Commodores just a year before.
Vanderbilt linebacker Zach Cunningham said Chubb and Gurley, while both freak athletes, are very different-style running backs.
“Chubb's more of a shifty, more of a quick elusive guy than Gurley,” Cunningham said. "I wouldn't say as big or powerful but he's definitely up to par with Gurley. He's very quick, very instinctive, and you noticed how quick he could hit a hole.”
Georgia opens the season Sept. 3 against North Carolina in the Georgia Dome.
MAYS LANDING -- A Mullica Township man will serve 30 years in state prison for murdering his wife in 2014, according to the Atlantic County Prosecutor's Office.
Following a six-day trial in July, a jury found Sergio DeRosa guilty of murder in the shooting death of Lynn DeRosa, 57.
Judge John R. Rauh sentenced DeRosa on Tuesday to 30 years and ordered that he serve the entire term before he is eligible for parole.
The defendant claimed that he accidentally shot his wife in the head while cleaning his shotgun.
"The defendant has spent three years since the crime trying to place blame on other people and taking no responsibility for killing his wife," Chief Assistant Prosecutor Seth Levy said in a statement following the Tuesday morning sentencing.
"In that time, the prosecution continued the investigation and did not give up. In July, a jury assigned responsibility to the defendant with a guilty verdict and now Judge Rauh has also assigned responsibility."
Matt Gray may be reached at mgray@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattGraySJT. Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook.
- BRITNEY SPEARS speaks to Jonathan in an exclusive TV interview. She speaks about performing in Vegas, dating and her new music. She also plays ‘Never Have I Ever' with Jonathan and reveals she has farted whilst performing. She also performs.
- EMILY BLUNT & LUKE EVANS speak about meeting for the first time, waxing and their new film, The Girl on The Train
- ALEXANDER SKARSGARD speaks about sneaking into Prince Harry's tent and has a cheeky kiss with Jonathan
On this week's episode of The Jonathan Ross Show, Jonathan is joined for an exclusive UK TV interview, by pop legend, Britney Spears; acting stars, Emily Blunt and Luke Evans and Swedish actor, Alexander Skarsgard.
Pop icon and award winning singer, Britney Spears, joined Jonathan for her only sit down UK TV interview. She spoke about her dating life and performing in Vegas.
Entering the set to huge applause, Britney spoke about her much talked about show in Las Vegas and what it's like performing there: “I am aware of the partying that's going on. A lot of the people are very intoxicated during the shows… I actually got contact high. I haven't smoked weed since I was like 17 years old and all of a sudden, towards the end of the show, it was so strong I couldn't function because I just got the contact of it. I was like ‘Oh my goodness!' I had to leave, I had to go. I kinda just said, ‘I can't do it anymore.'”
Britney said where she stays in Vegas, she is surrounded by parties but is not tempted to go along because there's a big drug scene: “There are parties all around. I just don't go in there, they're private parties. There are a lot of drugs involved.”
Speaking about the difference between her performance character and the real Britney, she said: “I have this thing where I'll go into denial a little bit and I'll put this hat on and I'm like everybody else. It really usually works because no one pays you any attention. It's like a disguise. I'll just take my dog for a walk or I'll go shopping or I'll do normal stuff. I'm used to my show, it's like a character change. I'm a performer so I know how to mentally adjust my head to go there in character. It's not me, it's not who I am at all but it's part of what I do.”
“I'm kinda boring. I love movies. I know it sounds so boring but I'm not this crazy go out girl, that's not me. I cook. I like a lot of different rices. I like rice, I do, that's my favourite thing!” she laughed.
Jonathan joked, “I think that's an exclusive we've got out of her right here… It's going to be headline tomorrow, Britney's rice addiction, four bags a day, desperate for Uncle Ben,” as Britney laughed.
Single Britney spoke about her love life, dating and whether she was looking for a partner: “It's a little tricky. I have a friend at home and he randomly sets me up with people every now and then on dates and it's just awkward because there are so many times that you meet people and it's just too awkward and you just don't feel right… The dating thing and meeting other people, it's hard. Tricky. I will say there's been two dates that have been kind of cool but other than that it's just too much. I went out with this one guy and he looked like a lizard. I was so scared. As soon as I turned around I was like, ‘Oh My God'... he looks just like a lizard and I had to go, it was really bad.” When Jonathan asked if she just left the date, she nodded and said, “Immediately.”
On the friend who set her up, she joked: “I was so mad at him, I called him I was very angry. He said, ‘Oh my God he doesn't look like that in the pictures.'”
On what she would be looking for in a man, she said: “I like someone that's just nice overall, just a nice guy is really is groundbreaking in this world… A lot of men are about games. It's just the mind game with guys, the calling back and the texting, it's just too much, it's silly… Actually I'm not looking for men right now, I'm really happy with myself. I'm not looking for anything, I'm fine with the way I am.”
Britney also spoke about her sons, aged 10 and 11, and said how one may be following in her musical footsteps: “His father is a DJ and he's actually going to give his dad a run for his money. He's very, very good. When I recorded my record, I would bring it home and he would listen and a lot of the songs he was like, ‘Mom this isn't really good.' He would tell me straight up… I really do respect his ear because he knows, as the young generation completely knows. At night we have little clubs and parties at the house and he'll have laser lights going on and he plays, he's very good.”
And on how she hopes her sons will grow up, she said: “I just want them to be strong men and I want them to have strength and I hope that I give them wisdom and just be a good mother for them.”
And on performing again, she said: “Last night I performed and the audience… they were right there in front of you and it was so much more personal and they weren't drunk or high, it was so intimate they were so present and there with me so it was really nice.”
Britney - who famously performed at the Video Music Awards with a live snake - explained how she really felt performing with it: “I was on adrenalin so I was really just going through the motions. In rehearsals I broke out in hives everywhere but I was like, we'll just do it and get it over with, it'll be fine. When we actually did it, the snake when I came to give it away, it's head went right in my face and it's tongue sissed as me. It was insane.”
Jonathan and Britney played a game of ‘Never Have I Ever' answering questions from the audience with paddles labelled ‘Oops I did it' or ‘Oops I didn't do it'. When asked if she had ever farted whilst performing, she was brutally honest and showed the ‘Oops I did it' board to much applause from the audience. [Pictures available from Rex]
They also played a variation of Beer Pong - named Spears Pong - where they had to bounce a ball into giant cups. If their opponent got it in, the other would do a forfeit. One forfeit for Britney was to sing with a helium balloon; her song of choice was Taylor Swift's ‘Shake It Off.' Another forfeit of Britney's was to kiss Alexander Skarsgard which she did. [Pictures available from Rex]
Swedish actor and star of Tarzan and True Blood - Alexander Skarsgard - then joined the sofa and asked Jonathan if he really had a 50-50 chance to be kissed by either Britney or Jonathan. He jokingly asked about a kiss with Jonathan too. The pair puckered up. [Pictures available from Rex].
Jonathan joked, “It's so rare I get to kiss someone taller than me!” with Alexander replying, “You're not going to call me are you?”
Speaking about doing an expedition with Prince Harry, Alexander joked that he tried to sneak in the Royal's tent: “He kind of kicked me out of the tent. We went on this expedition down to the South Pole together… He's a lovely guy and it was for ‘Walking With the Wounded', a British charity, so I was invited to do that and it was an incredible experience. It was with 12 soldiers, all injured in Afghanistan or Iraq. We spent a month down there, skied to the South Pole together. A life-changing experience and yes we didn't camp together because I was with the American team and Harry was with the Brits but I tried to sneak into his tent a couple of times and I succeeded but he would always kick me out… I tried everything. I would crawl in late at night when he was asleep,” he laughed.
Emily Blunt and Luke Evans joined the sofa and spoke about meeting and working together on the brand-new film thriller, The Girl on The Train.
Speaking about meeting at Cannes, Luke joked that one of the first conversations the pair had was about brazilian waxes: “Don't ask me how we migrated to that point… How could I forget, I was talking to Emily Blunt about brazilian waxes and I remember going, ‘How do you deal with that pain?' and she went, ‘You just suck it up.'”
Luke went on to speak about a film he appeared in, Immortals, where the directors wanted him to be waxed: “They decided they wanted us all hairless… They got halfway across my chest and I went into anaphylactic shock. I'm clippering it from now on!”
Speaking about acting together in The Girl on The Train, Emily and Luke admitted they both didn't read the book until they had been offered the parts.
Emily said: “I think because I saw everyone reading it, I was trying to be contrary and say, ‘Well I'm not going to read it if everyone's reading it.' I was pushing back against then train and then I got offered the film and then shallowly ran to the bookstore to get a copy.”
Luke added: “I read the script and then quietly one evening I went to a late bookstore and asked ‘Can I get girl on the train?' with my hood up and [the shop assistant] said, ‘I hope you don't mind me asking but shouldn't you have read it before you got offered it today?' I said, ‘Please don't tell anybody I haven't read it!'”
Speaking about her role - which sees her play an alcoholic - Emily said: “I was worried because I think it can potentially look like the drunk uncle act. I watched a lot of documentaries on alcoholism and addiction then I read books and I have a couple of friends who are recovering so I spoke to them a lot because it is one of the harder things to do, to act drunk. I think that was something I was concerned about.”
Emily was pregnant whilst shooting the film and on some of their more violent scenes together, Luke said: “Emily told me just before I had to throw her around her kitchen! It was going to be a stressful and intense day anyway so we gave eachother a little hug before we did the first take and as she leant in she whispered, ‘I'm four and a half months pregnant.' No one really knew at that point and so we kept it quiet and managed to get through that day.”
Emily spoke about her husband, John Krasinski and joked that he had a favourite of her films before they even met: “He had rather embarrassingly seen ‘The Devil Wears Prada' about 72 times… I remember when we first started dating, I was coming home from something and I walked through the door and he quickly changed the channel because he was watching it again… He knew Anne Hathaway's favourite outfit and the montage of outfits. [He is a] die hard [fan].”
On her next acting gig which will see her take on the role of Mary Poppins, Emily said she was thankful to get Julie Andrews' blessing: “[Julie Andrews] is so iconic and the character is so iconic and emblematic of people's nostalgia in many ways and so I'm frozen with fear and my heart is completely racing with excitement for it. I just heard that she's given her OK. Could you imagine if she was like ‘Oh God not Emily Blunt!'” And on singing, she joked: “Not like her but I will be attempting to sing.”
Luke Evans spoke about being mistaken for other famous people and recounted an embarrassing tale: “We were in a nightclub, a very nice cool nightclub and everyone was a little bit drunk and merry. I was in this garden area sitting on a sofa like this… from the other side of this garden this guy just stood up and he went [pointing] ‘Rooney! Rooney!' and I was like ‘Wayne Rooney is here?' He was looking at me. This was about 12,15 years ago… Now I never wear football kits.”
Lieutenant Allison Jakes gets a promotion, and Cygnar gets a new warcaster. Enter Captain Allison Jakes.
From her origins in WARMACHINE: Tactics, we always knew we would be evolving Jakes into a full-fledged warcaster on the tabletop. So, we made sure to give her room to grow with her initial design while keeping her both identifiable and iconic.
Artist Andrea Uderzo and Art Director Mike Vaillancourt quickly upgraded her during the concept stage with a few variations. We toyed with letting her grow her hair out, but ultimately we decided that the bob was very much her iconic hairstyle. You can also see a couple variants on her coat and armor that we could choose from.
It didn't take long to dial in the final concept. You might recognize that her new swords are repurposed versions of the weapon once wielded by Commander Dalin Sturgis.
Following the detailed concept, Mike put together a collection of possible poses from which we chose our final.
The color palette came together quickly thanks to her original incarnation as a Cygnar solo. This guide would be key for our illustration and miniature painting steps of the process.
Jeremy Chong's first sketches of the art did exactly what Mike and I had asked of him, showcasing Jakes in a shallow swamp fighting off a horde of scrap thralls. Once I saw these sketches, however, I immediately did a face-palm, realizing the requested scrap thralls would be exploding as she cut them down. Figuring it would be best not to show our newest Cygnaran hero covered in exploded thrall viscera and spare parts, we opted to swap in mechanithralls and spare ourselves the humiliation (until now) of our oversight.
With the proper undead baddies in place, Jeremy's final art is a great scene to behold. Jakes is going to have to chop through a lot more of the undead before she gets a second round with Sturgis.
Above you can see the before and after of an early round of sculpting by Javier Garcia Ureña with feedback from Studio Director Ron Kruzie. Most of the feedback centers on bulking up details so they translate well to the size of our miniatures.
And here in the final round, you can see her posed and ready for action. After this, the model is digitally engineered by our own Nathan Lombardi, printed for mastering, and moved into the metal production process.
And here she is in all her glory, thanks to Studio Painter Dallas Kemp. Get your own copy of her and our other new warcasters at Gen Con and the Privateer Press Online Store next week, from August 4th through 7th. Be sure to tune in tomorrow for a preview of our next piece in this series!
Canada's last-dash hopes of qualifying for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia have ended.
Cyle Larin, Nikolas Ledgerwood and David Edgar all scored for the Canadian men's soccer team on Tuesday night in a 3-1 victory over visiting El Salvador. But a 0-0 draw between Honduras and Mexico — also played Tuesday — meant Canada finished third in Group A of CONCACAF qualifying.
The Canadians entered their match with El Salvador needing the win, but it also needed to overcome a five-goal differential and for Honduras to lose outright to Mexico. Honduras earned a point in its draw.
Mexico finished atop the group standings, with Honduras in second place and El Salvador in fourth. Both of those nations advance to the next round of qualifying process known as "the Hex," while the Canadian side will have to turn its attention toward World Cup aspirations in 2022.
"We just wanted to come into this game with the right mentality and go for a win and hope to get as many goals as we could," said Canadian midfielder Atiba Hutchinson.
'There's quality there': de Guzman
"Three-one was an OK result but in the end, it wasn't enough because the other result didn't go the way we were hoping. But all you can really ask for is that the boys go out there and give their best performance and that's what we did."
Hutchinson said he believed this team was capable of advancing to the next round. But Canada lost three of its last four games in the fourth round of qualifying, including a pair of defeats to powerhouse Mexico in March. Canada's only appearance at the World Cup was in 1986.
"I still believe a lot of these guys who will be around for another cycle, maybe two cycles, there's quality there," added 35-year-old midfielder Julian de Guzman, who didn't play due to injury.
"Just seeing what we saw today, playing at home and with that confidence going forward, and attacking, that's something I think Canada has a lot of and more to come in the future."
Biggest regret
Hutchinson admitted that perhaps the biggest regret for the Canadian side will be a scoreless away draw against El Salvador in November.
"That game really slipped away from us," he said. "I think when we look back, that's one game you wish went another way. And you also want to get maximize points at home but against a team like Mexico, that's never easy."
Larin opened the scoring in the 11th minute, as he converted a shot from inside the 18-yard box to give Canada the early lead.
The Canadians continued to press for more scoring with Larin and Tosaint Ricketts creating the bulk of the chances for Canada in the opening half, but both were unable to convert.
Canada increased its lead to 2-0 in the 53rd minute when Ledgerwood converted on an opportunity. The momentum seemed to continue in their favour, as El Salvador's Darwin Ceren was handed his second yellow card and ejected from the match just three minutes later, putting the visitors down to 10 players.
But Canada's chances of a miraculous entry into the next round faded when Nelson Bonilla Sanchez scored for El Salvador on a counter attack, cutting into Canada's lead in the 78th minute.
Edgar converted for the Canadians in second half stoppage time to restore a two-goal advantage.
Floro's future
Head coach Benito Floro faced criticism from fans on social media, especially for his substitutions late in the game as Canada looked to add to its goal total.
He refused to discuss his future moving forward with the Canadian men's program during his post-match press conference.
"This is not the moment to talk about that because we are finishing this," said Floro.
El Salvador's players claimed prior to the match that they had been offered financial incentives for three different results — a win, draw or 1-0 loss to Canada. The players also claimed that they had refused the offer.
El Salvador's head coach Ramon Maradiaga Chavez said through an interpreter during his post-match press conference on Tuesday that CONCACAF and FIFA officials were made aware of the situation prior to the players going public with these allegations.
"All I can say about my players is they made it clear there would be nothing towards this match and we would go out and play the game the way it should be," said Chavez.
Chavez said he doesn't fear for his player's safety in this situation.
"There has to be situations and circumstances and control over who can make contact with the players during certain elements. As far as we're concerned, it's with the committee, it's with FIFA and we'll leave it at that," he said.
Share
Each time you carry out some security-related task on your PC using your McAfee software, or whenever you look online for information on how to set up the thing, it might just be that an image of crazy-boy John, bare-chested and holding a rifle, pops into your head. Or instead maybe stories of Mr. McAfee's various Belize-based exploits fill your mind and distract you from the task in hand.
With John McAfee's unpredictable antics continuing to hit the headlines – antics which include the recent release of a video explaining how to uninstall McAfee Antivirus that featured strippers, coke, and guns – Intel boss Brian Krzanich has evidently had enough of the association between the outlandish character and the software he created, telling a crowd at CES on Monday that his company will soon begin a year-long rebranding exercise that'll see McAfee's name phased out and replaced by “Intel Security”.
The software will reportedly stay as it is, and the iconic red McAfee shield will also remain – for the time being, at least.
Soon after Krzanich announced the rebranding news, McAfee, in typical fashion, told the BBC he was delighted with the decision.
“I am now everlastingly grateful to Intel for freeing me from this terrible association with the worst software on the planet. These are not my words, but the words of millions of irate users,” he said, adding, “My elation at Intel's decision is beyond words.”
A former NASA and Lockheed Martin employee, McAfee founded his antivirus software company 27 years ago and made millions as PC ownership grew rapidly and users looked for ways to protect their machines.
After leaving the company in 1994 at the age of 47, the software tycoon embarked on various business ventures and took up extreme sports activities. In the meantime, the company he created was acquired by Intel for $7.7 billion.
Following the death of his nephew in a kite-plane accident that also took the life of a second man, the Brit-born oddball moved to Belize where, in late 2012, he became “a person of interest” to local cops following the mysterious death of his neighbor on the island.
In an escape as bizarre as the man himself, McAfee made his way back to the US disguised variously as an inebriated German tourist in a Speedo and “distasteful, oversized Hawaiian shirt”, and a stooped Guatemalan peddler “in ragged brown pants,” according to the NY Times.
He's currently working on a $100 device which he claims will protect computer users from the prying eyes of intelligence agencies like the NSA, with plans for a release this year.
Of course, it's still too early to say definitively what happened but this is a personal blog, not a newspaper article or a government report, so I have the space to vent and express what I think rather than what I know. So, here goes.
Although I wish it were otherwise, I feel the overwhelming odds are that MH17 was shot down by a Buk-M1 surface-to-air missile fired by the rebels (but supplied by the Russians):
1. The rebels, notably generalissimo Strelkov actually claimed to have shot down a government An-26 in the general area of the MH17's demise. The social media claims in question have been retrospectively deleted, but in this age nothing is truly lost.
2. The rebels have shot down other government planes and indeed there is strategic merit to their denying their airspace to Kyiv's forces, given that air power is one of the government's real advantages. If they thought the MH17 was a government plane, then this might have seemed a great opportunity.
3. MH17 was flying too high for the man portable and light vehicle-mounted SAMs the rebels have openly deployed, but recently they admitted–and again these claims seem to have been retracted–to having at least one Buk-M1 SAM system, a tactical battlefield system that has the range to claw a civilian airliner out of the sky, and the warhead to do it with one hit.
4. The Buk is a radar-guided missile, so it could quite possibly have been launched without any eyeballing of the target. Furthermore, while the rebels may have the Buk's radar targeting system, they lack the extensive radar network and, above all, the skilled sensor operators who might have been able to tell a passenger airliner from a government troop plane.
5. The pattern of wreckage, the state of the corpses, suggests a catastrophic in-air impact and then rapid descent, not a crash from engine or system failure. Again, this speaks to a missile attack, and there do not seem to have been Russian or Ukrainian fighter jets in the air near there. So, again we're back to a SAM.
Yes, I am excluding the more outré conspiracy theories, that MH17 was destroyed by government forces to demonize the rebels and likewise that it was shot down by an S-300 from Russia. This was, in my opinion, a tragic and murderous blunder rather than an intentional atrocity. This in no way excuses the attack–human lives are human lives, whether Ukrainian airmen or multinational civilians–but helps explain what's going on.
Either way, I suspect that when the histories are written, this will be deemed the day the insurgency lost. Or at least began to lose. Especially given the presence of Americans and other Westerners on MH17, the Kremlin will, for all its immediate and instinctive bluster and spin, have to definitively and overtly withdraw from arming and protecting the rebels. This is especially considering the presumption that Moscow supplied the missiles in the first place. A single Russian report alleged that the rebels had captured a Buk from Ukrainian government stocks, but this was almost certainly preemptive disinformation as there is nothing else external to the rebels' own propaganda to support this claim. Besides which, while it is not that difficult to find crew for artillery, even tanks, the Buk does require well-trained crews, and ones trained relatively recently.
Meanwhile, Kyiv's determination to defeat the rebels will not only be strengthened, it is likely to be blessed by the West. It's not inconceivable that we will not only see Western MREs (meals, ready to eat) and body armour being deployed, but Western lethal weapons, trainers and even special forces.
Without Moscow's support, the insurgency cannot last for that long. That is not to say that when it goes down, it will go down easy. If anything, the opposite is true as they may no longer have the option of finding sanctuary in Russia. Fighters with their backs to the wall are always dangerous.
• Midfielder will miss England's fixtures against Lithuania and Italy • Oxlade-Chamberlain limped out of FA Cup win over Manchester United
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will miss England's fixtures against Lithuania and Italy at the end of the month, together with Arsenal's next three matches, after scans confirmed that he had suffered a grade one hamstring tear in Monday night's FA Cup win at Manchester United.
It is the least serious tear on the spectrum but it will rule him out for three or four weeks, with the midfielder targeting a return in the Premier League game against Liverpool at Emirates Stadium on 4 April.
Oxlade-Chamberlain had been lively in the 2-1 quarter-final win over United, repaying the manager, Arsène Wenger, for including him in the line-up ahead of Theo Walcott, Aaron Ramsey and Tomas Rosicky. He set up the opening goal for Nacho Monreal but he was forced off in the 51st minute.
Wenger has said that Jack Wilshere has yet to return to full training after surgery to remove studs from his ankle and, as such, he will not feature in the home fixture against West Ham United on Saturday. Wenger will also be without Gabriel Paulista because of hamstring trouble but Mathieu Flamini could return from a similar problem.
Arsenal visit Monaco in the Champions League last 16 on Tuesday – when they will seek to overturn a 3-1 first-leg deficit – while they play Newcastle United at St James' Park on Saturday week before the international break.
England's match against Lithuania at Wembley is a Euro 2016 qualifier. They then go to Turin for a friendly with Italy.
On This Day
Tuesday 30th March 1909
109 years ago
New York's Queensboro Bridge, the first ever double-decked bridge, opened. It connects the neighborhood of Long Island City in the borough of Queens with Manhattan, passing over Roosevelt Island. The bridge's upper level originally contained two pedestrian walks and two elevated railway tracks (which connected a spur of the IRT Second Avenue Elevated Line to the Queensboro Plaza elevated station) and the lower deck four motor traffic lanes, and what is now the "outer roadway" and pedestrian walk were two trolley lanes. A trolley connected passengers from Queens and Manhattan to a stop in the middle of the bridge, where passengers could take an elevator or the stairs down to Roosevelt Island. The trolley operated from the bridge's opening until April 7, 1957. The railway was removed in the late 1930s and early 1940s as well as the 2nd Avenue Elevated Line. The trolley lanes and mid-bridge station, as well as the stairs, were removed in the 1950s, and for the next few decades the bridge carried 11 lanes of automobile traffic. In March 2011, the bridge was officially renamed in honor of former New York City mayor Ed Koch.
HOUSTON -- When these two young middleweights get old, maybe they will sit down and sip sweet tea and laugh together about their battles.
For now, basketball needs Russell Westbrook and Patrick Beverley.
Tuesday night was such great theater at the Toyota Center, as Westbrook and Beverley fought for 94 feet. Sure, Beverley had some help from his Houston Rockets teammates in guarding the Oklahoma City Thunder's star guard. But for the majority of the night, it was Westbrook vs. Beverley.
This series ended with the Rockets knocking off the Thunder in five games and clinching the series with a 105-99 victory.
Defending Russell Westbrook When it came to half-court sets, Houston's Patrick Beverley did an amazing job against Russell Westbrook in the series, holding him to 26 percent shooting. Westbrook averaged far fewer points per play when guarded by Beverley than when guarded by anyone else. - Beverley All Others Pts/play 0.71 0.92 FG 7-27 43-106 FG pct 26% 41% TO pct 13% 10%
This game was so contested and emotional that mild-mannered Rockets owner Leslie Alexander rose from his courtside seat to chastise referee Bill Kennedy over a call. Even the Thunder's majority owner, Clay Bennett, made his way to the arena floor, standing in the back corner to watch his superstar take 34 shots against Beverley and a Rockets team that proved it was better.
In the five games, Westbrook averaged a triple-double: 37.4 points, 10.8 assists and 11.6 rebounds. But against Beverley, Westbrook was a mere mortal. He shot 7-for-27 with five turnovers for 27 points in the series. According to ESPN Stats & Information, Beverley guarded Westbrook for 38 half-court plays and held him to 0.71 points per play.
On Tuesday, Westbrook wore down yet again, due in large part to the number of bodies, led by Beverley, that the Rockets ran at him. Westbrook was pitiful in the fourth quarter, when he shot 2-for-11 for nine points. He didn't score his first bucket until 2:14 remained.
You could say Beverley had something -- or everything -- to do with it.
The two men fought so hard that they reached their breaking point with 7:23 remaining in the fourth quarter, when they started jawing at each other. The referees had to do something, so double technicals were given.
2017 NBA Opening Night On opening night, the Warriors were stunned in Oakland and the Celtics' high hopes took a tumble. • Irving: Hayward injury among worst
• Despite gloom, hopeful signs for C's
• Hobbled CP3 sees Houston rally
• LeBron shakes ankle woes in opener
• Warriors get rings for 2017 title
Here's Beverley's take: "It's actually the first time we exchanged words this postseason. He's a really good player. He applies a lot of pressure due to his athleticism, his creating ability. He shocked me because he said, 'Look up' and said, 'Nobody can guard me. I got 40 points.' I said, 'That's nice. You took 34 shots to get it.' I'm not trying to bash anybody. Men lie, women lie, and the numbers don't. Collectively, as a unit, we did a great job on him, tried to make him take a lot of tough shots, and the numbers show."
Here are Westbrook's thoughts on the exchange: "He was talking first-team all-defense. I didn't know what he was talking about 'cause I had 42 at the time. I have no idea what he was talking about. Maybe he was dreaming or some s---. I don't know what he was talking about. I guess he wanted to be first-team all-defense. Maybe he was dreaming about it. I don't know."
There's truth in what each is saying.
Beverley says he believes he should be named to the first-team All-NBA defensive team. He has had a wonderful season on the defensive end, and he raised his offensive game, too.
Of course, Westbrook is correct in saying that he was fantastic in this series. You can't dismiss a triple-double average over five games, including a 51-point night, and say it was nothing. There's a reason Westbrook is an MVP candidate. He presented all sorts of fits for the Rockets' defense. The game plan was for Westbrook to do his thing, to make it hard on him and to allow the other Thunder players to have an impact if they could.
The Rockets had little respect for Andre Roberson's game, and though he performed well in the series, he missed six of seven shots in the elimination game. Victor Oladipo was another player the Rockets allowed to shoot, as he went 5-for-26 in the first two games. He settled down some but then reverted to form. In the game to save OKC's season, Oladipo missed 13 of 17 shots.
By sending different defenders at Westbrook after Beverley handled him, the goal was to wear him down, and that's what happened in the fourth quarter.
Beverley was doing just fine on offense in the clincher, going 6-of-10 from the field, and his floater to start the fourth quarter ignited a 14-4 run that pushed the Rockets to an 86-81 lead before Billy Donovan called timeout with 9:15 to play.
The Thunder played catch-up for most of the fourth, as Westbrook missed shot after shot. Beverley, Eric Gordon, James Harden and Lou Williams all got in his way.
HOUSTON ROCKETS Check out the team site for more game coverage
OKLAHOMA CITY THUNDER Check out the team site for more game coverage
When the night was over, Westbrook left the court, and Beverley hugged it out with whomever was left on the floor.
Although this series was in part about the MVP candidates Harden and Westbrook, it also created another great rivalry between Westbrook and Beverley. Personality-wise, Westbrook and Beverley are the same. Each plays with an angry fury and has Harden as one of his closest friends.
Westbrook and Beverley. Beverley and Westbrook. It doesn't matter whose side you're one. These two men are what the NBA needs.
As the Rockets move along to the next round and the Thunderhead home thinking about what might have been, one thing is certain: We'll see Beverley and Westbrook again.
Site Overview and Purpose
by Roland and David Hinkson
This web site details the events of a citizen who was never convicted of so much as a traffic ticket ultimately being falsely accused of soliciting the murder of federal officials, all because he got on the wrong side of the Federal Government. As William L. Anderson points out in his article entitled “Federal Criminal Law: Expediency Over Principle”, whether or not Scrushy () is guilty, and, takes a back seat to the larger issue of how "justice" is administered in the federal system.What we see here is that the federal system has become a legal system that exists of the prosecutors, by the prosecutors, and for the prosecutors. When Rudy Giuliani, then the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York, remarked that the Crime Control Act of 1984 tilted the playing field in favor of prosecutors, he was not exaggerating. A legal system that at its founding was set up as a mechanism to ensure rights of the accused has become a system of guilty pleas and show trials, and is more akin to what Stalin enjoyed in the U.S.S.R. than what George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, and the great William Blackstone helped create more than 200 years ago.A grave injustice has been done in the case of U.S. v. David R. Hinkson. If you believe in prayer, pray for David and for the leaders and decision-makers of this country that laws and policies might be changed to offer protection to the innocent. If you believe in our system of representation, call, write and/or e mail your senator(s)/representative(s) and contact the media.
The top 10 assists of 2010/2011
We all love a good assist.
One of the standout moments from 2009/2010, and one of the most memorable goals in recent times was Guti's backheel for Karim Benzema at Deportivo La Coruna.
In the past season, the likes of Mesut Ozil, Andres Iniesta and Luis Suarez have impressed with their creative play rather than their goal scoring and feature below.
Ahead of the big 101 Great Goals of the season list to be released next Monday, here are (in chronological order) the top 10 assists of the 2010/2011 season.
1.Â Hassane Alla for Brice Jovial (Le Havre v Reims, August 24, 2011) A true “brilliant assist you won't have seen” and this website was one of the first, if not the first to locate it. Jovial may have scored but it was Alla who stole the moment with an outstanding flick-up/backheel-trick which bamboozled the home defence.
2.Â Gareth Bale for Roman Pavlyuchenko (Tottenham v Inter Milan, November 2, 2010) One of the enduring images of the past 9 months was the Welsh winger rampaging down the left against a terrified Inter Milan defence. This assist came in the 89th minute of the second game and secured a famous 3-1 victory at White Hart Lane.
3.Â Mesut Ozil for Karim Benzema (Ajax v Real Madrid, November 23, 2010) Such has been Ozil's success at the Bernabeu, he could have his own top 10 list of assists from the season gone by. This one, a mid-air back heel, immediately brought memories of Guti and was spectacular.
4.Â Lionel Messi for David Villa (Barcelona v Real Madrid, November 29, 2010) Already 2-0 down and severely under the cosh, Real Madrid were ripped apart again by Lionel Messi who played through a stunning ball for Villa to finish with aplomb.
5.Â Diego Milito for Javier Zanetti (Inter Milan v Seongnam, December 15, 2010) It is easy to forget that just a year ago Inter Milan had secured the treble. They confirmed their place as one of the greatest sides in modern times with a Club World Cup win in December that included this goal – a brilliant back heel from Diego Milito.
6. Andres Iniesta for Seydou Keita (Barcelona v Real Betis, January 12, 2011) Came at the end of one of many beatings handed out by the Catalan magicians. Iniesta looked hemmed in on the touchline but hisÂ ingeniousÂ scooped cross played into the hands of Seydou Keita who nodded home.
7.Â Adel Taarabt for Wayne Routledge (QPR v Coventry, January 23, 2011) The Moroccan Showboat had a sensational season, scoring the goals that took the R's to the Promised Land and he also created numerous chances for his teammates. This goal saw a sumptuous outside of the boot assist thatÂ bisectedÂ four defenders, leaving just Routledge to beat the keeper.
8.Â Luis Suarez for Dirk Kuyt (Liverpool v Manchester United, March 6, 2011) A famous win for Liverpool saw Dirk Kuyt notch a hat-trick but Luis Suarez take all the plaudits for a barnstorming performance. For the opener the Uruguayan World Cup 2010 villain beat four men for an incredible assist.
9.Â Andres Iniesta for Pedro (Barcelona v Real Madrid, April 3, 2011) A goal that also owed a lot to the passing skills of Victor Valdes but it was Iniesta who split the Real Madrid defence open, leaving Pedro all alone against Iker Casillas.
10.Â Manwlis Skoufalis forÂ Dimitris Sialmas (Pas Giannina v Ethnikos, May 8, 2011) What a goal this is! And still remains a real contender for goal of the season despite being notched in the Greek second division. Skoufalis skins his man before a rabona assist sets up an overhead kick. FIFA or Pro Evo stuff!
COLUMBIA, S.C. -- Kenny Gaines had a career-high 27 points and Georgia bounced back from its first loss in three weeks with a 73-56 victory over South Carolina on Saturday.
The Bulldogs (15-11, 9-5 Southeastern Conference) had their four-game league win streak stopped against Tennessee this past Tuesday. In this one, they broke up a game tied at half with a 16-1 run to start the second period.
Gaines had five 3-pointers and surpassed his previous high of 22 points set earlier this season against Alabama.
Marcus Thornton added 12 points and 10 rebounds for Georgia, his third double-double this season.
South Carolina (10-17, 3-11) was looking for a third consecutive home win. But the Gamecocks missed their first 16 shots of the half as Georgia took control. A frustrated coach Frank Martin earned a technical foul for yelling at official C.J. Washington.
Freshman Sindarius Thornwell had 18 points to lead the Gamecocks.
The Bulldogs put things away with a strong run out of the break.
Brandon Morris started the surge with a three-point play and Thornton added four points. By the time Nemanja Djurisic nailed a 3-pointer, Georgia was ahead 50-35 and cruising.
South Carolina could not answer back as the Bulldogs eventually built a 21-point lead.
Georgia continued on its surprise run in the SEC this season. The Bulldogs looked lost back in November with a 1-4 start to the regular season, but have since found their footing during conference play and will remain third in the standings behind league leaders Florida and Kentucky.
They got back on track from the Tennessee loss, beating South Carolina for the seventh time the past eight games.
The Gamecocks have been a different team at home, particularly in the past couple of weeks. They had their only two-game SEC win streak here when they defeated Vanderbilt in a snow-delayed contest Feb. 13 and then topped Alabama at home two days later.
Williams' third 3-pointer in the first seven minutes put South Carolina ahead 13-6. But Georgia, behind the shooting of Gaines, rallied with a 20-9 run to move in front 26-22 with 5 minutes left in the half.
The Bulldogs were still up 34-31 on Charles Mann's foul shots with 54.4 seconds to go when walk-on Brian Steele hit his second 3 of the period to send the teams into the locker room tied 34-all.
The Gamecocks tried to take advantage of their cold-weather prowess -- all three of their SEC wins this season came with snow on the ground in South Carolina's capital -- and called for fans to dress for a "Whiteout with Blizzard Conditions."
White hand towels were draped over many seats and even South Carolina's women's coach, Dawn Staley, wore white to back the men's team. Gamecocks coach Frank Martin wore a dark suit, but a blazing white tie you might see in the movie, "Goodfellas."
The gimmick didn't help and the Gamecocks lost for the fifth time in their past seven games.
26 of 30
Nick Wass/Associated Press
There'll be calls for the Boston Celtics to rank higher than fifth, but let's evaluate a few things first.
Gordon Hayward is a net positive when weighed against the key losses of Avery Bradley, Kelly Olynyk and Amir Johnson. That isn't controversial.
Marcus Morris came over in that Bradley deal, and he tips the transactional scale even further in Boston's direction. Aron Baynes helps, too.
But the Celtics were merely a 53-win team with a suspect defense and exceptional clutch performances last season. Assuming they'll be worlds better in 2017-18 means adding a few wins from the Hayward acquisition and then banking on a pair of other key variables.
The first is a repeat from Isaiah Thomas, who made his first All-NBA team and posted a career season, highlighted by the incredible clutch combination of a 65.4 true shooting percentage and a 46 percent usage rate.
It's no great risk to say he won't post those rates again because no one in the league came close to matching them in 2016-17. That's a quintessential outlier. An unreliable anomaly.
Thomas may still be great, but we have to scale back expectations a bit, especially with him coming off a hip injury that ended his postseason early.
In addition, we can't just assume Jayson Tatum and Jaylen Brown are ready to explode in their first and second seasons, respectively.
Boston is better and more versatile than last year, but the improvement might feel greater on paper than in practice.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MEBANE, N.C. -- Politics can get nasty, but Joshua Baker says what happened to him is an all-new low.
"Politics has gotten out of control lately. It has gone from politics to hate,” he said.
Baker, of Mebane, was left dealing with hundreds of dollars in damage after profanity was spray-painted on his car.
He believes it's all because of his campaign sticker supporting Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
The derogatory vandalism referenced Trump.
Baker is not shy about supporting Donald Trump and didn't think twice about putting a sticker on the back of his car.
“Why would you? This is America. We have freedom of speech don't we?” Baker asked rhetorically.
Sometime between Sunday evening and Monday morning while the car was parked at Baker's apartment complex, the sticker caught the attention of someone who is not a Trump fan.
“I think it's awful cowardly of someone to destroy property just because I'm voicing my opinions,” Baker said.
Baker received a quote from an auto-body expert and the damage was estimated at $1,400.
Baker plans to do the clean-up work himself and was able to make enough progress to drive the car to work Tuesday.
He says he is not going to let this situation stop him from openly expressing his views.
“I'm going to get a bigger sticker,” Baker said.
“I respect other people's beliefs and I believe they should respect mine,” he added.
Baker says a drum throne, gym bag and pocket knife were also taken from the vehicle.
He says he filed a police report and also suggested to the apartment complex where he lives to install surveillance cameras.
The Ministry of Justice has rejected calls for a ban on rape complainants' sexual history being revealed in court, saying cross-examination should continue to be allowed in exceptional circumstances.
The MoJ report did however recommend that the Crown Prosecution Service update its mandatory training for prosecutors and asked the criminal procedure rule committee to review the relevant courtroom rules.
Concerns about the way section 41 of the 1999 Youth Justice and Criminal Evidence Act was being operated emerged after the acquittal of the footballer Ched Evans last year.
Evans's retrial heard evidence from two other men who testified about the complainant's sexual preferences and the language she used during sex.
The Labour MP Harriet Harman proposed altering the law in order to prevent those who make allegations of rape from being questioned in court about their past relationships and sexual history.
“The problem is, even if it's not in open court, the idea that there's going to be a court with lots of people in it hearing evidence brought forward by the defence about your previous sexual conduct in itself would be a deterrent,” she said earlier this year.
Section 41 restricts the circumstances in which evidence relating to a complainant's sexual history can be introduced. It was claimed that victims of sexual offences could be discouraged from reporting attacks to police if they were at risk of having intimate details exposed in court, albeit anonymously.
The defence has to make an application to the court to introduce any evidence or questions about a complainant's sexual history. The application is then decided upon by the judge in the case.
The inquiry, carried out by the Attorney General's Office and the MoJ, found the law on such lines of questioning in sexual offence trials was working effectively. The report analysed more than 300 rape cases completed in 2016 in England and Wales.
It showed that in 92% of them, no evidence of the complainant's sexual history was introduced by the defence. Applications to introduce such evidence were only made in 13% of the cases. Of the 40 applications made by the defence, in 12 cases the prosecution either agreed or partially agreed.
The figures suggest that the bar for disclosure of such evidence is sufficiently high, the report concluded, and the law strikes a careful balance between the need to protect complainants while ensuring defendants receive a fair trial.
A government spokesperson said: “It is vital that victims have complete confidence in the justice system and trust that they will be treated with the utmost fairness in court.
“Which is why we have looked closely at the use of section 41, to ensure the bar for disclosure of a complainant's sexual history is high. This data shows that such evidence is used sparingly and that the law is working as it should.
“But we want to do more for victims of sexual offences. That is why the CPS is updating its mandatory training for prosecutors and we will be rolling out pre-recorded cross-examination for vulnerable witnesses to ensure that they can give their best evidence.”
Shami Chakrabarti, the shadow attorney general, said: “We ought to be able to guarantee fair trials whilst treating victims with dignity and respect. The attorney's announcement is a step in the right direction but in addition to better training and data collection, I urge him to consider greater procedural protections to ensure that a complainant's sexual history is only introduced when truly relevant and that the power is not abused.”
Enter Gerry Adams... the King of Chaos BelfastTelegraph.co.uk How do you think you would react if you heard that a unionist leader - Robin Swann, or Arlene Foster, for example - was refusing to deal with health service waiting lists, or the funding crisis in our schools, unless everyone else agreed to an Ulster-Scots Act? I know what my response would be - and it wouldn't be pretty. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/opinion/enter-gerry-adams-the-king-of-chaos-36221198.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article36222372.ece/c054c/AUTOCROP/h342/ggggggggggg.jpg
Email
How do you think you would react if you heard that a unionist leader - Robin Swann, or Arlene Foster, for example - was refusing to deal with health service waiting lists, or the funding crisis in our schools, unless everyone else agreed to an Ulster-Scots Act? I know what my response would be - and it wouldn't be pretty.
Yet, that's what Sinn Fein are doing with their call for a standalone Irish Language Act. At a time when the people of Northern Ireland are craving political stability, enter Gerry Adams, the King of Chaos, the self-styled specialist in "agitational activities" - not my words, but his from his 1986 book, The Politics of Irish Freedom.
For Gerry Adams, agitation means that issues are not issues for their own sake, but instruments to use like sticks to beat your opponent with. The Irish language is but the latest in a long list.
For example, in 1997 he talked of "scene changes that we have to focus on and develop and exploit". Sinn Fein thrive on being opportunistic, always seeking to exploit a situation with the aim of furthering the republican cause.
Almost three years ago, Gerry Adams made one of the most telling comments about the current republican strategy. It came during a party meeting in Enniskillen that ended in much public derision for the Sinn Fein president after he swore during the rant.
But most worthy of attention was his claim that, "the Trojan horse of the entire republican strategy is to reach out to people on the basis of equality".
The original Trojan horse, of course, was a weapon of war dressed up as a gift and embraced by an unsuspecting enemy to their ultimate ruin.
At the time, his remarks were brushed off by Sinn Fein representatives as simply being a demonstration of the republican commitment to equality.
However, given Adams's history, it would be foolish not to view it as another candid moment, just like his boast that protests against loyal order parades didn't just happen, but were the product of years of planning for agitation - bonfires are clearly next on the list.
Over the last 18 months, Sinn Fein's rhetoric around "equality" and a "rights-based approach" has gone into overdrive. At the same time, a parallel campaign has stepped up as Sinn Fein increasingly try to pit unionism against everyone else.
This is not only self-serving manipulation, but also a total perversion of societal attitudes in Northern Ireland.
The attempt to style themselves as the defenders of minority rights is a shallow attempt to cover up for their stuttering political project.
Issues around rights and equality are increasingly being used by Sinn Fein as no more than proxy wars against unionism.
Their abject failure up too now to convince the wider population of the benefits of a united Ireland means Adams must continue to agitate, thus denying the majority from both traditions the stability they crave in the political landscape.
That broader society in Northern Ireland can see the contradiction of a party preaching rights on one hand, while attending commemorations for a terrorist organisation that was responsible for gross human rights abuses against the population of this country for decades.
There are uncomfortable truths for Irish republicans, who demand the implementation of previous agreements, because those agreements were clear in separating identity from sovereignty. Yet, Sinn Fein deliberately confuse and conflate the two, hence Michelle O'Neill's false statement in Manchester last week that Northern Ireland isn't British.
It is! It's Michelle who isn't British, and unionists accepted her right to define her own identity in 1998, just as she signed up to the constitutional status of Northern Ireland.
But, of course, Sinn Fein cannot even bring themselves to call the country by its proper name - an act of deep disrespect.
And it goes much deeper than that. Sinn Fein want an Irish Language Act, pointing to existing language acts in Wales and Scotland and accusing unionists of double standards.
Unionists must point out that nationalists in Wales and Scotland can still offer the respect of taking their seats in Parliament while arguing for an end to Westminster's influence on their country - and all the rest. Sinn Fein's policy is firmly in line with Boris Johnson's "have cake, eat cake" remarks about Brexit.
There is, however, a challenge for unionism in how to respond to this.
For me, it is clear that we must demand and defend equality and the protection of human rights for both ourselves and others, not as a means to an end, but because it is the right thing to do. The issue must be the issue, not an implement for agitation.
The future of Northern Ireland will depend on us being a fair and equal society that offers respect for all citizens. I know that unionists can offer this.
Republicans often take a stance in the hope of provoking a knee-jerk reaction from unionism. Sadly, history shows they have a more than even chance of getting one.
We must learn to resist the agitation of those who simply view equality as a tool to impose their ideology, and take ownership of the values that will secure a fair future for all.
Mike Nesbitt is Ulster Unionist MLA for Strangford and a former leader of the party
Belfast Telegraph
Thou shalt not commit typos when engraving a granite 10 Commandments monument…
Earlier today, a 10 Commandments monument was unveiled on the northern grounds of the Oklahoma State Capitol. The monument was apparently installed to remind our lawmakers how archaic and bizarre Oklahoma legislation can truly be.
From what I've heard, the monument looks great…other than a couple of typos. English teacher Moses would not be proud.
From KOKH Fox 25:
A Ten Commandments monument unveiled at the state capitol Thursday comes with a mistake. The 6-foot-tall monument has the word “Sabbath” spelled “Sabbeth.” However local pastors and online sources all show Sabbath spelled with an “a” and not an “e.” The word “maidservant” also appears misspelled. The “v” appears to be a “u,” spelling the word “maidseruant.” Fox 25 contacted State Representative Mike Ritze, who paid $10,000 for the monument. Rep. Ritze told us he saw prototypes before the monument was erected, but did not see the final version. Rep. Ritz said Tulsa-based SI Memorials made the monument. Fox 25 tried calling the business, but it was already closed for the day.
Here's a pic of the carnage that was posted to Twitter by KOSU's Michael Cross:
Before you leave a nasty comment, no, I do not moonlight as a monument engraver. Had I been contracted to do the work, I would have included a couple of rules of Fight Club.
Also, I spotted a third typo. Can you find it?
On Meet the Press yesterday, Sen. Chuck Schumer contradicted his colleague Kent Conrad (D-ND), saying he believes there are 60 Democratic votes to pass a health care bill with a public option. And he confirmed that, with a bipartisan solution seeming unlikely, Democratic party leaders are indeed prepared to use the filibuster-proof budget reconciliation bill to pass at least some parts of health care reform.
“I believe we could get a public option that could be passed with the 60 Democratic votes,” Schumer said. Conrad has repeatedly said the opposite–that the public option doesn't have the votes. But he famously hasn't explained who in the party would support a health reform filibuster over the issue.
Schumer went on to address the possibility that Democrats might circumvent the filibuster altogether. “[W]e are considering alternatives,” he said in an appearance with Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT).
They include just getting 60 Democratic votes and maybe an occasional Republican here or there on a bill, if we can't get a bipartisan bill, try as we might. They include looking at reconciliation, which only needs 51, and they include a combination. We are now looking at the alternatives because it's looking less and less likely that our — certainly, the Republican leadership in the House and Senate will want to go for a bipartisan bill. Jon Kyl has said he doesn't want a single Republican vote for any health care bill.
Schumer sounded similar notes earlier this month, but his latest statement comes after Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid signaled that he's on board with using all procedural means to pass health care.
For over a century, scientists have said it should be possible to turn hydrogen into a metal. Now, a pair of chemists in Germany claim to have finally performed the feat, although others remain sceptical.
In the late 19th century, chemists pointed out that hydrogen, topping the column of alkali metals in the periodic table, ought to form a metal itself. Physicists Eugene Wigner and Hillard Bell Huntington predicted in 1935 that hydrogen should become a metallic solid at very high pressures - around 25GPa - but experiments later performed at these pressures showed no trace of a metal transition. More recent experiments, reaching pressures above 100GPa and temperatures approaching absolute zero, have offered hints of a metal transition, but generally results have been inconclusive.
The challenge of metallic hydrogen is alluring, partly because it has the potential for some exciting applications. Some believe studies of the material could lead to a room temperature superconductor, which would enable lossless power transmission. And if it is shown to be metastable, metallic hydrogen - being far denser than normal hydrogen - might make an efficient rocket fuel.
Mikhail Eremets and Ivan Troyan of the Max-Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz now believe they are the first to offer conclusive evidence for metallic hydrogen. They condensed hydrogen in the hole of an alumina-epoxy gasket, which sat inside a diamond anvil cell. They could measure light transmission with a laser directed through the diamond and into the gasket's hole, and resistance via electrodes on the diamond surfaces.
At room temperature and 220GPa, the researchers found that the hydrogen appeared to become opaque and electrically conductive. Then, lowering the temperature to 30K at pressures above 260GPa, they found that the resistance increased by 20 per cent before levelling off. 'We found that [hydrogen] conducts to the lowest measured temperatures of 30K, and the resistance is nearly temperature independent, as [it] should be for metals,' say Eremets and Troyan.
For Eremets and Troyan this effect - a subtle increase then plateau of resistance towards low temperatures - is the hallmark of metallicity. However, Arthur Ruoff, a materials scientist at Cornell University, New York, and one of the leaders in the search for metallic hydrogen, believes normal metal behaviour would have been more drastic: a resistance increase not of 20 per cent, but of 4000 per cent. He also suspects the hydrogen could be reacting with the gasket's epoxy material, which would mean the results were in fact stemming from a hydrogen compound. 'There are so many questions,' he says.
William Nellis, another leader in the search for metallic hydrogen at Harvard University, US, agrees that there are unanswered questions, including whether the gasket itself becomes conducting and reflective at high pressures. 'In view of the history of this field, Eremets and Troyan have a particular responsibility to demonstrate clearly to their colleagues that they have in fact metalised hydrogen,' he says. 'In my opinion this demonstration has yet to be provided.'
Jon Cartwright
Researchers from George Washington University and the Smithsonian Institution have discovered evidence to debunk the theory that Neandertals' disappearance was caused in part by a deficient diet -- one that lacked variety and was overly reliant on meat. After discovering starch granules from plant food trapped in the dental calculus on 40-thousand-year-old Neandertal teeth, the scientists believe that Neandertals ate a wide variety of plants and included cooked grains as part of a more sophisticated, diverse diet similar to early modern humans.
"Neandertals are often portrayed as very backwards or primitive," said Amanda Henry, lead researcher and a post-doctoral researcher at GW. "Now we are beginning to understand that they had some quite advanced technologies and behaviors."
Dr. Henry made this discovery together with Alison Brooks, professor of anthropology and international affairs at GW, and Dolores Piperno, a GW research professor and senior scientist and curator of archaeobotany and South American archaeology at the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History, Washington D.C., and Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, Panama.
The discovery of starch granules in the calculus on Neandertal teeth provides direct evidence that they made sophisticated, thoughtful food choices and ate more nutrient-rich plants, for example date palms, legumes and grains such as barley. Until now, anthropologists have hypothesized that Neandertals were outlived by early modern humans due in part to the former's primitive, deficient diet, with some scientists arguing Neandertals' diets were specialized for meat-eating. As such, during major climate swings Neandertals could be outcompeted by early humans who incorporated diverse plant foods available in the local environment into their diets.
Drs. Henry, Brooks and Piperno's discovery suggests otherwise. The researchers discovered starch granules in dental calculus, which forms when plaque buildup hardens, on the fossilized teeth of Neandertal skeletons excavated from Shanidar Cave in Iraq and Spy Cave in Belgium. Starch granules are abundant in most human plant foods, but were not known to survive on fossil teeth this old until this study. The researchers' findings indicate that Neandertals' diets were more similar to those of early humans than originally thought. The researchers also determined from alterations they observed in the starch granules that Neandertals prepared and cooked starch-rich foods to make them taste better and easier to digest.
"Neandertals and early humans did not visit the dentist," said Dr. Brooks. "Therefore, the calculus or tartar remained on their teeth, preserving tiny clues to the previously unknown plant portion of their diets."
Dr. Henry is currently a post-doctoral researcher in the Columbian College of Arts and Sciences Hominid Paleobiology program at the George Washington University, where she also received her Ph.D. in Jan. 2010. Her research focuses on the uses of plant foods by human ancestors. In Jan. 2011, Dr. Henry will begin leading an independent research group focusing on the evolution of human diet at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany. Dr Brooks' research focuses on the evolution of modern human behavior. Dr. Piperno is a pioneer in the detection and study of plant microfossils and the evolution of human diets.
"This significant finding provides new insight on the plight of the Neandertals," said Peg Barratt, dean of GW's Columbian College of Arts and Sciences. "It's also an excellent example of our dynamic partnership with the Smithsonian to further advance learning and discovery."
The research was supported by a National Science Foundation IGERT award, a Wenner Gren Foundation doctoral dissertation award, a Smithsonian Institution pre-doctoral fellowship, a National Science Foundation HOMINID award to the Smithsonian Institution and a selective excellence award from the George Washington University.
[This is part of a series of posts on Liberty University's student handbook, “The Liberty Way,” which governs what students can say, do, read, and watch – both on and off campus – and sets out a regimen of reprimands and fines for violators]
Tests are a big part of college life. That much is true. But at Liberty University, all students since 1988 have been subject to “mandatory random drug testing.”
Attendance at Liberty is a “privilege,” as the administration likes to say, and all students must consent to “the clinically supervised furnishing of urine or blood samples at a time and place determined by the University for the purpose of laboratory analysis.” Students are also required to waive all claims, legal or otherwise, arising from the drug testing program.
Liberty reserves the right to test any student using any means for any reason and punish students as it sees fit. To be sure, drug abuse is a problem on American campuses, but leave it to Liberty to impose a draconian and incredibly intrusive drug policy that hands administrators the power to arbitrarily test students.
Here's the relevant section of the Liberty Way:
Over and over during the 30-minute session, Trump cast his performance in terms so grandiose and extreme as to be self-evidently false. Taken together, his comments signaled an inability to grasp conditions in the country, the limitations of his own capacities and the nature of the office he holds.
Here are some examples:
– He attributed his 2016 victory over Hillary Clinton to skill in overcoming the pro-Democratic tilt of the Electoral College. There is no such tilt. The electoral college system provides a path to victory for the party losing the popular vote. Republicans lost six of the last seven popular votes in presidential contests, but they won the Electoral College in two of those six instances.
– He insisted his Democratic adversaries on Capitol Hill have absolved him of "collusion" with Russia on election interference. They have not. They have said they haven't yet seen conclusive evidence from Congressional and Justice Department investigations that remain ongoing.
– He declared, "I have absolute right to do what I want with the Justice Department." He does not. He holds executive branch authority over the Justice Department, but under America's constitutional system, executive power is not absolute and no one is above the law.
– He claimed, in deriding the effectiveness of West Virginia's Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin, that "I'm the one that saved coal." He has not. For economic and environmental reasons, coal remains a declining industry.
– He claimed extraordinary influence over Congress, where Republican lawmakers "love me." Republican lawmakers generally do not love him, though many fear his ability to turn rank-and-file voters against them. Some treat him with undisguised contempt. His attempt to "repeal and replace" Obamacare, for which he claimed to have won over 100 resistant GOP members, failed.
– He claimed understanding of public policy superior to any president in American history. "I know the details of taxes … better than the greatest CPA," and of health care "better than most." He does not, as he proved moments later by asserting "millions of people are joining" a type of health plan he created. No one has; his directive on the subject has not been implemented.
– He said Chinese President Xi Jinping "likes me" and "has treated me better than anybody's ever been treated in the history of China." But Xi, as Trump subsequently acknowledged, has not acceded to his requests on North Korea policy.
– He asserted "I knew what I was doing" in the Alabama Senate race, and that "I didn't lose" because his endorsement lifted the fortunes of two different Republican candidates. He lost twice – backing different candidates who failed in the Republican primary and then the general election.
– He claimed "my base is stronger than it's ever been" in backing him. It is not. Trump began his presidency with the approval of 45 percent of Americans in the Gallup Poll. His approval now stands below 40 percent – and has for seven consecutive months.
Trump is the least-popular first-year president in the history of polling. As shown in this fall's Alabama and Virginia elections, he has helped drive down Republican support among college-educated suburban voters, especially women.
Like many supporters, the president frequently ascribes political difficulty to "fake news" from hostile reporters. That itself undercuts his claim of unique ability to command the outcome in a 2020 re-election contest, which provides the final example:
– "I'm going to win another four years," Trump declared, "because newspapers, television, all forms of media will tank if I'm not there. Because without me, their ratings are going down the tubes."
Guest contribution by Danya M.
Overhead they heard sounds of air planes dropping explosives onto the village, soldiers shooting up in the air and at those who dared to defend themselves, screams of women and children not knowing what to do, and the noise of panicking civilians running from their homes.
This was the scene on July 16, 1948, exactly two months after the establishment of the state of Israel. Before that night, Saffuriyya was a thriving agricultural village with thousands of years of history behind it. Saffuriyya was once was a blossoming village overlaying a hilltop, but now only remnants of destroyed buildings show from underneath the unhistorical trees planted by the Jewish National Fund in order to cover up what was once a rich and beautiful history.
I've had the pleasure to know a family from Saffuriyya my whole life, and I've had the chance to visit this village twice over the past two years. The first time I went, I was astonished by the fact that there once was a buzzing village covering that hill, which is now an Israeli tree park dedicated to Guatemala's independence. The only building you can see is the Roman Era fortress that used to be a boys school that is placed on top of the hill. I looked from below up unto the hill, just imaging the life of the man and woman I called my Jido and Tayta for so many years, though they really aren't my grandparents. I imagined how life was for them; growing up in such a beautiful village in a land they cultivated and loved for centuries.
The second time I went there, last summer, I had the chance to go up on top of the hill, only to find out that the Roman fortress that lies on the peak of the hill is now an Israeli Museum featuring a timeline starting from the Roman Era to present day Israel. As I looked at that timeline, I saw nothing about the history of the indigenous Palestinian inhabitants of the village. The history of the family I've known my whole life wasn't told in that museum and I found that heartbreaking. I wanted to know more, I wanted to know the history of the Palestinian people from Saffuriyya, and specifically I wanted to know about the history of the man whose house I have been to every Friday for dinner since I was 7 years old.
In speaking about Palestine, you must understand what happened during the Nakba (The Catastrophe) to better understand the context of the situation now. This narrative isn't taught in schools, but it's told by the elders who pass down the stories of their struggles from generation to generation, and it's up to us to relay these stories with our voices to the world, letting everybody know that we haven't forgotten and we will never will. The old will eventually die out, but the young will continue their spirit and never forget about the tragedies brought upon the Palestinian people, contrary to Ben Gurion's belief.
I'm pleased to have the privilege of interviewing Said Qassim, a Nakba survivor who was born on January of 1927. He is the father of eleven children and a grandfather of dozens upon dozens of grandchildren. He now resides in Albuquerque, New Mexico with his wife of sixty-seven years. He came to America in the late 1980s after the civil war in Lebanon. He is now currently working on a memoir about his life, and hopes he will be finished within the coming year.
Danya M.: Can you tell me about Saffuriyya, and the life in Saffuriyya?
Said Qassim: The population of Saffuriyya before 1948, was 4,500 people. It was the biggest village in the Galilee. The economy had 100% dependence on agriculture, and it was a very agricultural town and for most of its residents, it was a very simple life. Most of the population was Muslim but there was a Christian Monastery that was a girl's school that is one of the only things that still remains today. The education level was very low and up until 1948 only seven people had high school diplomas out of the whole village, and there were about seventeen people who had finished middle school. There are a few others who finished writing & Quran School.
DM: Can you tell me about your life before the Nakba?
SQ: I'm writing a memoir right now, that has most of my life story in details, but for this I will give you highlights of my life. I'm the only survivor of the males in my family. Other males were born, but I was the only one who survived. I have three sisters. I started my education in the Quran School which was located in the Roman fortress, where I learned how to read and write; I also memorized some of the Quran. I moved to the elementary school in Saffuriyya. After elementary school I went to school in Nazareth where I finished to the tenth grade in 1943; I was about fifteen years old. Right after school, I helped my father in the farms for about a year. In 1944, I got married at the age of sixteen, even before I knew what marriage was. On the wedding day, my family put me on a horse for the celebration, and I didn't know if I was going to a slaughter house or to a wedding, I was so confused. The girl I married was my neighbor, and I didn't know her very well, and I can't even remember hearing her voice, but I sure was happy. In 1945, when I was seventeen years old, I had signed up to join the British police during the British Mandate. I asked the officer if I could join and he said yes but he's going to have to test me because I was so young that I didn't even have facial hair yet. I joined the same exact day that World War II ended, and I was in the Calvary unit. For the first six months, I stayed in a police station in Bethlehem. After Bethlehem, I was moved to the West Bank town of Tulkarem where I stayed for a year and a half. I moved between Haifa and Jaffa at a police station called Telmund for eight months and then I moved to Beit Lid, near the Jewish settlement Netanya, where I stayed the rest of the time during my police years. I stayed with the Palestinian police force until May of 1948, when Britain officially left Palestine. I was literally the last Arab police officer to leave Beit Lid junction.
DM: Can you tell me what happened during July 16, 1948?
SQ: This is opening up very painful memories for me… But I was in Saffuriyya during the war and I carried the weapons with the Palestinian resistance which was very much unorganized, and mainly volunteers. The Zionists captured and occupied Shaffa Amr, which is three miles west of Saffuriyya. In Saffuriyya there was a military regiment that was supposed to protect the village; it was led by a man named Nimer Abu-Najj who was a local of Saffuriyya. The weapons consisted of old rifles salvaged from World War I and World War II. The regiment leader put land mines around the village as precaution, as a last line of defense. At that time, the Arab countries established an army called the “rescuer army”. The army was led by non-Palestinian officers, who were mainly Lebanese and Iraqi. One of the officers of the rescuer army came to town, and I believe he was an Iraqi officer. People welcomed him, assuming he was a professional soldier guy. We showed him what our plans of defense were, which consisted of land mines, especially where the entrance of the town was. The Iraqi officer said that we were crazy and told us to collect the land mines and not use them. He told us that we're going to have an offensive instead of defensive.
That night at 8:00 pm the Zionist militia came and brought a bulldozer. They went over the checkpoint in front of the town that we set up and ran over the people manning it. When the Zionists came to the village, they came with full force and started bombing Saffuriyya. Myself along with my parents, sister, wife, and my two kids, left the village and the only thing we brought with us were two blankets. We left everything else behind, and we thought we were going to come back when the bombings were finished. Everybody in the village left all their belongings behind when they left. We started walking north, and every time we stopped, the “rescuer army” would tell us to keep going because the Zionist militias are coming behind us. We kept walking until we reached Safed, which is the most northern town in Palestine. During that summer, we had the best crops for farming and we had to leave all of that behind us. I would say that the tragedy really started when we became refugees in Lebanon.
We walked all the way to Bint Jbeil in Lebanon. The Lebanese government didn't treat us like humans; they treated us like fourth-class citizens. We stayed in Bint Jbeil for three days, and then they told us that those who came from Saffuriyya need to get on a bus to go to Beit Yahoun. We found a bunch of tents there, some were pyramid shaped tents and the others were bell shaped tents. The living conditions were horrible. There were no bathrooms, running water, electricity, or anything to sleep on, but there were only tents. They delivered the water in big tankers and if people get a couple of gallons of water per family, they would be considered lucky. That water had to last for cooking, drinking, washing, and cleaning. Because there was no water or any means for personal hygiene, the whole camp got infested with lice.
After the whole camp got infested with lice, after two months, the Lebanese government moved us to another town called Karoun. In Karoun they had these big barracks that many families had to share. The families divided the barracks up by putting a sliding cloth in the middle to determine each family's living space. We stayed in Karoun all throughout winter. It was a cold town, and we had no warm clothes because when we left Saffuriyya it was summer time. Many of those in the camp started going to the trees and started cutting them down for wood to make fires for warmth. The local farmers of Karoun complained to the Lebanese government, so the government made us move from Karoun. The majority of the refugee's were moved to Naher al Barad refugee camp, and about one hundred and fifty were moved to Anjar refugee camp. My family and I were considered one of the lucky ones because we were one of the one hundred and fifty that went to Anjar.
Anjar was a former refugee camp for many of the Armenians, but they all left to go live in Armenia. They had one-room houses, with an outside bathroom. There were no doors, but it was good enough, and better than Karoun. A year into staying in Anjar, the red cross opened some schools in Anjar and I taught there for a year. The United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNWRA) was established and took over the Palestinian refugee camps. There was a need for teachers in Ain El Hilwa refugee camp in Saida, Lebanon. They moved me to Ain el Hilwa where I taught English for a school.
Ain El Hilwa was worse than anything I could imagine. Ain El Hilwa is only one mile long and half a mile wide with over 80,000 people living in that condensed area. Because of the overwhelming population, people started making makeshift shacks to build on top of their roofs, because the Lebanese government made it illegal for Palestinian refugees to construct anything with concrete. When we first got to Ain Al Hilwa all there were was tents. After a little while, the Lebanese government let us build 5 foot walls of concrete, and for the roof we had to use metal sheets. There was a police station near Ain Al Hilwa, and they limited us everywhere we go, and in order to go to Beirut or any other city we had to get a permit from the Lebanese military station.
DM: Did you ever feel that you weren't ever going to be able to go back to Palestine?
SQ: For me personally, in 1948 is when I knew that we wouldn't return to Palestine because they moved us more away from Palestine and more north in Lebanon. Many people in the camp held on to the belief and hope that we would be able to return to Palestine. Even still today, when you go to somebody's house for coffee or tea, you always say “in Palestine, God willing”.
DM: What is your favorite memory of Saffuriyya and if you had the chance, would you go back?
SQ: My most memorable and favorite memory of Saffuriyya was when I realized and knew I was married. It was the happiest moment in my life. As for the question if I would go back to Saffuriyya, Of course I'd go back in a heartbeat if I had the chance, I loved my life there.
Danya M. is a Palestinian American second year undergraduate student at the University of New Mexico majoring in Human Development & Family Relations and pursuing a minor in Peace Studies. She is currently the co-president for the UNM chapter of Students for Justice in Palestine.
A Brooklyn mom is demanding an insurance company pick up the $50,000 tab for her son's “wilderness therapy,” a program where troubled kids hike their problems away while eating ritzy food and getting clean clothes delivered.
The woman filed an anonymous class action lawsuit against Oxford Health Insurance, saying the company, by refusing to pay, had violated a state law ensuring equal coverage for mental issues.
Her 16-year-old has struggled for years with “depression, low self-esteem, and harmful aggression,” according to the Brooklyn Federal Court papers.
The teen's therapist wanted to put him in a residential treatment facility, but the centers required wilderness therapy first, the mom said.
She and her husband, a Brooklyn small business owner, enrolled their son in Second Nature, a Utah-based program where struggling youth hike three-to-five miles a day, set up and break down camp and have frequent group therapy sessions. Meals include everything from organic and vegan options to granola, tofu, summer sausage and stir fries.
According to Second Nature's Web site, being in the wild helps kids “process” their issues.
“Woven into the daily schedule is a strong focus on assertive communication skills, which are used to process feelings and thoughts that arise while hiking, cooking together, setting up camp and other activities,” the Web site says.
Oxford first rejected the mom's request for coverage in May, because it didn't consider Second Nature a licensed residential mental health program. The company allegedly denied an appeal from the mom claiming the treatment is not “evidence based.”
But evidence strongly supports the effectiveness of wilderness therapy, said Michael Gass, who studies the practice.
Residential treatment facilities “are finding that their clients are more willing to change when their clients have gone on wilderness therapy,” he said.
The programs usually include around-the-clock staffing with trained therapists in 60-to-90-day stints, which accounts for the large expense, said Gass, director of the University of New Hampshire's Outdoor Behavioral Health Center.
Lawsuits are starting to crop up aiming to force insurance companies to cover wilderness therapy. “[It's] the big debate right now,” said Gass.
Oxford hadn't seen the lawsuit, said a spokeswoman who declined to comment.
When NJ Transit says another agency will cross honor its tickets, what's supposed to happen? How does cross honoring work? Stand clear of the closing doors, next stop is the mailbag.
Several readers on Twitter expressed frustration about their commute on Tuesday morning, after a disabled train near Penn Station in New York caused a 45 minute delay. NJ Transit announced that PATH was cross honoring rail tickets at Newark Penn Station, the 33rd Street station and at Hoboken terminal.
But several riders complained to NJ Transit that no one was at Newark Penn Station to honor their tickets to get on a PATH train.
Q: What is supposed to happen when NJ Transit says another transit agency will cross honor its tickets was asked by several readers on Twitter. How is it supposed to work?
A: Port Authority spokeswoman Cheryl Ann Albiez and NJ Transit spokeswoman Nancy Snyder explained how cross honoring works and what riders should do.
"NJ Transit gives PATH officials 15 to 30-minute notice asking for assistance with cross honoring at certain locations," Snyder said.
PATH Agents are stationed at the fare zones, where NJ Transit customers show their NJ Transit ticket or monthly pass to the agent and walk through the handicapped gate, Albiez said.
So what should riders do if they don't see a PATH agent during cross honoring? Don't jump the turnstile.
"If an agent is not readily available, customers can pick up a passenger assistance phone," Albiez said. "[Riders] are passed through the fare gate remotely."
GOT QUESTIONS?
Ticked off about mass transit? Wondering about road construction? E-mail your questions to Ticked off about mass transit? Wondering about road construction? E-mail your questions to NJ.com's transportation expert Larry Higgs . He'll answer your questions on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays on NJ.com. You can also Tweet @CommutingLarry
Cross-honoring is an arrangement in which one transit agency allows riders from another agency to ride its system. The goal is to move people and ease delays, using a arrangement that's been worked out in advance, before something like a broken-down train or bus in a tunnel happens.
The agreement works both ways, meaning that PATH will help NJ Transit and NJ Transit will return the favor if PATH has a problem.
There are limitations to cross-honoring. Except in the case of bad weather, such as snow, cross-honoring rarely provides unlimited travel across an entire transit system. If PATH trains have a problem crossing the Hudson, NJ Transit trains will cross-honor to get riders across the river. It doesn't mean they'll cross-honor a PATH card for a free ride to the end of the line.
The mailbag is the place where commuters turn to get answers, including why a work zone on I-80 in Morris and Passaic counties wasn't cleared up by the morning rush hour last week. What can we answer for you?
Larry Higgs may be reached at lhiggs@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @commutinglarry. Find NJ.com on Facebook.
Blue Devil Role Reconnaissance airship National origin United States Manufacturer Mav6 LLC Status Cancelled Primary user United States Air Force Unit cost $211 million
The Blue Devil was a proposed reconnaissance airship that was built for the United States Air Force for use in the War in Afghanistan. It was designed to capture and process data from onboard sensors before delivering it to ground troops.
Spy capabilities [ edit ]
The blimp was equipped with up to a dozen sensors, including listening devices, video cameras for use both during the day and at night, communications equipment and a system known as the "wide-area airborne surveillance system", which used several cameras to film areas several square miles in size, similar to the Gorgon Stare system.[1] The sensor equipment was to be supplied by Mav6 LLC as the prime contractor and system integrator.[1] To process the data collected, which would ordinarily be transmitted to analysts on the ground, the blimp used an onboard computer to analyze and store the data, which was to be available for troops to access.[1] This would require fewer personnel to analyze the data, and would cause less strain on battlefield networks by transmitting only required information, rather than a constant stream of data.[1]
Design [ edit ]
Total system cost was $211 million. The envelope for the system was completed by subcontractor TCOM LP in Aug. of 2011. The blimp was around 350 feet (110 m) long and 1.4 million cubic feet in volume.[1] It was designed to be able to reach an altitude of 4 miles (6.4 km) and remain at altitude for up to a week.[1] The aircraft's first flight was planned for 15 October 2011.[1]
Delays and cancellation [ edit ]
Technical complications with the blimp's design that arose during 2011, including overweight tail fins, unexpectedly complex avionics systems and the inability of the original Argus network of cameras design to be integrated with other systems, and meeting flight requirements of the FAA forced the blimp's first flight back to 15 April 2012, with dramatically reduced capabilities.[2] Since the original cameras, designed to be able to cover 64 square kilometers, were unable to be installed, a different camera pack design, called Angel Fire, was used, which can only cover four square kilometers.[2] Despite the drop in capability, an Air Force analysis of operating costs estimated that the blimp would cost at least four times as much as estimated by MAV 6, another contractor for the project.[2]
In June 2012, the Air Force cancelled the project and ordered the airship to be dismantled and put in storage.[3] In 2013, the Inspector General of the Air Force determined that Air Force personnel did not properly manage the award of contracts for the Blue Devil Block 2 persistent surveillance system.[4]
In 2014, the Air Force banned one of its former generals from doing business with the Air Force because he tried to keep the project going after cancellation.[5][6]
See also [ edit ]
Update: More on this from David Bernstein. My current (still tentative) judgment is that this evidence is not just strong; it falls only a hair's breadth short of absolutely decisive.
Second Update: And some additional analysis from Paul Campos.
Here is the original post:
After a preliminary read of the opinions in the Health Care Cases (National Federation of Independent Business v. Sibelius), there seems to be substantial evidence that the initial vote in conference was to strike down the mandate as unconstitutional. The opinion of Justice Scalia, Kennedy, Thomas, and Alito looks like parts of it were once a majority opinion. And there are passages that still read as a majority opinion responding to a dissent by Justice Ginsburg. For example:
The dissent claims that we “fai[l] to explain why the individual mandate threatens our constitutional order.” Ante, at 35. But we have done so. It threatens that order because it gives such an expansive meaning to the Commerce Clause that all private conduct (including failure to act) becomes subject to federal control, effectively destroying the Constitution's division of governmental powers. Thus the dissent, on the theories proposed for the validity of the Mandate, would alter the accepted constitutional relation between the individual and the National Government.
Language like this is highly suggestive of a majority opinion. The reference to the dissent and "we" strongly suggests that the "we" was a majority of the Court. This suggests that Justice Roberts switched his vote. There are other conceiveable explanations, but in my opinion, this evidence is very strong indeed.
The Canadian government has expanded economic measures against Russia by adding two more individuals and 10 additional entities to the sanctions list, Canada's Department of Global Affairs said in an updated list of regulations on Friday.
The sanctioned individuals are Eduard Ioffe and Alexander Omelchenko, while designated entities include Izhevsky Mekhanichesky Zavod, Tekhnopromexport and Mosoblbank, according to the amended regulations.
Canada's Minister of Foreign Affairs Stephane Dion said Ottawa intends to keep in place sanctions against Russia until Moscow fully implements the Minsk agreements to settle the conflict in eastern Ukraine.
"As agreed by G7 leaders, Canada believes sanctions should not be lifted until Russia fully implements its commitments under the Minsk agreements," Dion stated in a press release.
Follow Trend on Telegram. Only most interesting and important news
TLDR version: Santa, I'm blown away by your generosity and your gift-giving accuracy. Thank you and Merry Christmas
Full Version: I'll be the first to admit that I'm not the best at giving a lot of info in my exchange preferences. I like for my Santas to get me something from them, not just from a list I give. Many might say that I'm setting myself up for disappointment, but the truth is that I'm happy with most anything that took a little thought or creativity. But this Santa...seriously...if the return address hadn't been somewhere I've only driven through once, 20 years ago, I would think they knew me.
1.Tools: I just bought a house, and while it's not a fixer-upper, it needs some work. Santa sent me a pack of driver bits (I don't need these right now, but these have a tendency to get lost, so I know I will soon), and a pack of 4 clamps. Clamps are one of things that you just never need when you live in an apartment, but now that I have a workshop I've needed several times. The clamps are already in use, BTW.
If I'd gotten just the clamps and bits I'd have been more than happy. But wait, there's more.
2.Tool-related: A sharpie pro marker, and 2 sharpie pro pencils (these things will write on--and stain!--anything), and a really nice-smelling activated charcoal soap. I've never used this brand, but I've used AC soap before and it's excellent stuff. And bergamot is like the perfect soap scent--but I digress.
3.Books: Star Wars Origami--which I actually stole during a White Elephant exchange last week, but then it got stolen away by the very last person. And The Guinea Pig Diaries, which I've never heard of but sounds like a science/humor mashup that could be fun.
4.Geek stuff: Got 2 pairs of Star Wars socks--there was nothing in my preferences that said that in the last year I've been amassing funny/goofy/sci-fi socks, but somehow they knew--and I don't have these. A 3-D printed TARDIS, which is very well done, and will probably be holding paintbrushes on my wife's desk within the week (I'm not giving it to her, but I'm 99% sure she'll take it.
5.Miscellaneous: Star Wars droids Pez set--you couldn't possibly have known that I have a random collection of Star Wars Pez that have been given to me over the years. And a Walking Dead magnet--this is the only thing that isn't totally me, as I've never seen the show or comic, but it will go into a package for my eldest who never shuts up about the show.
Thank you, thank you, thank you...
Calculating the environmental cost of beans
Now that it's picnic season, I'm back to making my famous three-bean salad. But every time I'm at the grocery store, I feel torn between the canned kidney beans and the dried ones in bags. Transporting the canned ones must produce more emissions, since they're heavier, but how does that compare with the carbon footprint of boiling dried beans for hours on a stovetop?
Up until the point when you pick them off the shelf, there's no question: Dried, bagged beans are going to be greener than the canned variety. The real X factor here is what you plan on doing with those beans once you get them home.
Whether they're sold in a bag or a can, beans that are meant to be eaten in seed form—such as kidney, black, or pinto beans—are initially processed the same way. Mature bean plants are cut down near their roots and left to dry in the fields. Then the dried seeds are threshed out and sent to a processor, where they're washed, milled, polished, and packed into bulk bags.
At this point, beans destined to be sold dry are simply decanted into smaller, shelf-ready bags. Canned beans, on the other hand, go through several additional steps of processing. First, they have to be hydrated, which either happens with a long, room-temperature soak or a relatively brief, hot bath. (The latter requires more energy but is often preferred because it cuts down on time and labor and helps prevent bacterial growth.) Then the beans are blanched for a few minutes before being sealed in cans and then cooked and sterilized in a retort—a machine that's essentially a big, steam-powered pressure cooker.
According to an analysis done at one Oregon processing facility (PDF), canning 10.5 ounces of green beans—the amount you'd find in a typical grocery store can, after draining out the water—requires roughly 1,500 British thermal units of natural gas. (That's about as much energy as it takes to drive a car one-quarter of a mile.) Since kidneys and pintos are tougher and take longer to cook—about 75 percent longer than green beans, according to Truitt Brothers, the cannerythat commissioned the study—processing them would require more energy.
Then there's the excellent point you raised in your question: Getting those canned beans from the production facility to your local Piggly Wiggly is indeed going to require more fuel. Beans, when cooked, get 150 percent heavier because of water absorption. Plus, each can is one-quarter full to half full of water, adding to its overall load. (The weight listed on a can's label refers to the total weight of its contents.) That's why Goya's 16-ounce can of black beans yields just 3.5 servings, while its 16-ounce bag of dry beans yields 12.
But transportation doesn't make a huge difference when you consider the can's entire life cycle. In the green-bean study, for example, getting the cans to the customer accounted for only 8 percent of their overall greenhouse gas emissions. The canning process itself—i.e., getting the veggies into the cans and then cooking them—contributed 23 percent. Both of these phases were dwarfed by the production of the packaging, which accounted for a whopping 55 percent of the total. (It should be no surprise that making steel cans has a much bigger carbon footprint than making the plastic used in food bags.)
So far, our bag of beans is winning handily. From pantry to plate, however, things get a lot murkier. Cooking dried beans at a simmer on the stovetop—the most common method—can require anywhere from 30 minutes to three hours, even after a lengthy presoak. Based on some recorded energy figures provided by food researchers at the University of Bristol, cooking five ounces of beans for that long might require 1,400 to 5,600 BTUs on a gas stovetop or 4,100 to 16,500 BTUs on an electric stovetop, though everything from the amount of water to the kind of pot used could alter those numbers. (The large difference is due to the fact that electricity generation is a highly inefficient way of providing energy to appliances. The numbers above assume that the electricity is coming from a coal-fired plant, but as the Lantern has often noted in the past, the fuel mix in your area may be cleaner.)
On the high end, that's a lot more energy than the industrial cookers use—even if we assumed that canning dry beans was twice as energy-intensive as canning green beans, cooking those beans on the stove would take up to 11 times as much energy as at a commercial facility. It's tough to say for sure, given the number of assumptions we've had to make in our analysis, but that seems like more than enough to tip the whole scale in favor of canned beans.
Of course, in the grand environmental scheme of things, whether you decide to eat your pinto beans out of a can or a bag doesn't really matter a hill of you-know-whats. So until someone undertakes a more thorough cradle-to-grave analysis of the topic, you can rest assured that getting some of your protein from beans instead of meat is a kind move to make for the planet's sake. The Lantern forgives you for any increase in personal methane emissions that might result from that decision.
Is there an environmental quandary that's been keeping you up at night? Send it to ask.the.lantern@gmail.com and check this space every Tuesday.
It was the mid 1990's. Dopey (now arrested) Prince Alwaleed and his right hand man Tarak Ben Ammar were managing Michael Jackson's career for some reason, after Jackson left his managers Sandy Gallin and Jim Morey in 1996 for Alwaleed's relatively unknown Kingdom Entertainment.
Through some connection, perhaps a mutual interest, (dopey) Prince Alwaleed, Michael Jackson, and Hollywood producer Gary Goddard went into business together building theme park attractions for children – after Alwaleed and Jackson invested in 50% of Goddard's Landmark entertainment group in 1997. The King of Pop and the Prince who got popped explained at the time that their investment was done thanks to their mutual interest in “traditional family values and cultural diversity.”
Goddard – one of the defendants in the 2014 “X Men” pedophile case with director Bryan Singer, was accused last week of molesting an underage Anthony Edwards along with three of his friends.
“Pedophiles prey on the weak. My father, who suffered from undiagnosed PTSD from WWII, was not emotionally available. Everyone has the need to bond, and I was no exception. My vulnerability was exploited. I was molested by Goddard, my best friend was raped by him — and this went on for years. The group of us, the gang, stayed quiet.”
Michael Jackson was arrested and acquitted of child molestation a few years later, while Gary Goddard was accused by actor Michael Egan of plying him with drugs and molesting him at around age 14 or 15 – a case Egan eventually withdrew.
Meanwhile Prince Alwaleed – the second largest investor in both Twitter and Citigroup (which picked Obama's 2008 cabinet) – was arrested one week ago in a Saudi corruption crackdown. The fallen Prince stands accused of money laundering and other crimes.
The Saudi purge, which included 10 princes – one of whom was killed when he resisted, has resulted in the arrest of over 200 individuals, and represents a massive consolidation of power within the Kingdom.
What a small world!
If you enjoy the content at iBankCoin, please follow us on Twitter
It's two weeks today that Guardians Of The Galaxy lands in UK cinemas, with its US bow the day after. And ahead of that, a trio of new character posters have just landed, which we've got for you right here.
If you scroll down below the posters, you'll find confirmed details of the cameos in the film too. Note that these may be considered minor spoilers, hence we've parked them all the way down there.
Posters first, then....
Okay, cameos. According to the credits that have now been finalised, Stan Lee will be appearing as 'Xandarian Ladies' Man', Nathan Fillion is down to play 'Monstrous Innmate', Rob Zombie no less will be voicing 'Ravager Navigator Voice', and director James Gunn pops up there somewhere is 'Maskless Sakaaran'.
Stitch Kingdom also reports that "Marvel legend Howard the Duck is somewhere to be found in the film. This inference comes from a line in the end titles that credits co-creators Steve Gerber and Val Mayerik. Whether it's just a film/comic Peter Quill was familiar with before he was abducted from Earth or we're about to have a new entry in the Marvel Cinematic Universe is just about anyone's guess".
Well, it might just be a whole new Howard The Duck movie! Now news of that might just break the internet...
Stitch Kingdom.
Follow our Twitter feed for faster news and bad jokes right here. And be our Facebook chum here.
Sir John Sawers, a former foreign policy adviser to Tony Blair who is now the head of Secret Intelligence Service, was drafted in as Britain's Special Representative to Iraq with less than a week to prepare.
He said Jack Straw, then Foreign Secretary, had decided he wanted “someone senior” on the ground who could “impose some common sense.”
But when Paul Bremer arrived as President Bush's Special Envoy a few days later, Sir John said he discovered that a decision had already been taken in Washington to bar the top levels of Saddam Hussein's Ba'ath Party from government and disband the Iraqi army.
The two decisions have been widely blamed for alienating many sunnis and provoking the insurgency that gripped Iraq for four years.
“In retrospect, it seems that principal decisions were taken in advance in Washington,” Sir John told the inquiry.
Asked if there had been a “stitch up in Washington” over the Ba'ath party he said: “When I was doing calls in London the previous week, it was not an issue that had been raised with me.”
Sir John told the inquiry that in 2001 Iraq was just one of the countries where Britain hoped to see regime change.
He said when he was Tony Blair's private secretary for foreign affairs, discussions took place on political actions which could help undermine Saddam Hussein's regime short of military action.
When Sir John arrived in Iraq in May 2003, two months after the invasion, he said there was “serious disorder” adding the civilians running the American reconstruction efforts “could not get their own act together let alone the act for the rest of Iraq” and their soldiers alienated themselves from the population of Baghdad by driving around in tanks and “Darth Vader kit with the wraparound sunglasses and helmets and flak jackets and everything else.”
Sir John admitted that the British were not much better organised, building a “flat pack” embassy in an area too dangerous for it to be occupied and so short of communications equipment that he had to borrow some from the Pentagon to stay in touch with London.
Sir John said he quickly became aware that members of the Ba'ath party who were still in power were causing “uproar” and said he had to contact London for urgent advice before a meeting with Bremer.
Sir John said he told Mr Bremer that he should limit the ban to the top three levels of the party – about 5,000 people – but Bremer ignored him and included an extra level taking in a total of 30,000.
He told the inquiry: “It had been thought of in advance in Washington but why London was not included, you will have to ask others.”
“I think it went a step further than necessary,” he told the inquiry. “But it would be a mistake to think it was not necessary and a mistake to think it seriously contributed to the insurgency.”
Sir John said he had only been in the country a few days when the decision to disband the Iraqi army was also taken.
Sir John said the army had already melted away and the decision was whether to recall it “warts and all” or start afresh.
"Bremer was pretty clear that this was pre-agreed Washington policy that this would be the approach,” he added.
When Sir John visited London two weeks later he said the Iraqi army was not raised as an issue by the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
But Sir John said the decision was not the “fundamental reason” behind the insurgency which he said arose because the “military campaign to defeat the army was only every half consummated” and the country became a “honeypot for anyone who wanted a crack at the Americans.”
ATHENS (Reuters) - The head of Greece's bank rescue fund maintained on Thursday that Athens has a legal claim to 1.2 billion euros in the euro zone's bailout fund, a day after European officials rejected its request.
Athens had appealed for the European Financial Stability Facility to return 1.2 billion euros it said it had overpaid when it transferred bonds intended for bank recapitalization back to the Luxembourg-based fund this month.
But euro zone officials agreed on Wednesday that Greece was not legally entitled to the money, dashing Athens's hopes for a quick cash payment it needs to help avert potential bankruptcy as early as next month.
In a statement on Thursday, the chief executive of the Hellenic Financial Stability Fund (HFSF), Anastasia Sakellariou, defended Athens's claim.
“We have brought to the attention of the EFSF that the unutilized bonds exceeded in value the difference between the total capital contributed and the total funds used for bank recapitalization and resolution,” Sakellariou said.
“Consequently, a legitimate request has been put forward for differentiating and reinstating the amount of 1.2 billion.”
The recapitalization in cash, rather than in EFSF bonds, was undertaken under the previous conservative-led government even though the HFSF still held 10.9 billion euros in EFSF bonds especially marked for that purpose.
Sakellariou said the allocation of the HFSF's resources was “appropriate based on prudent treasury management practices.”
American mixed martial arts fighter
Jorge Masvidal (born November 12, 1984) is an American mixed martial artist currently competing in the UFC's Welterweight division.[3] A professional since 2003, he has also competed for Bellator, Strikeforce, Shark Fights, and World Victory Road.[4] As of January 28, 2019 , he is #10 in official UFC Welterweight rankings.[5]
Background [ edit ]
Masvidal was born and raised in Miami, Florida, to a Cuban father and Peruvian mother. He was often involved in street fighting from a young age. There are recorded videos of his fights on YouTube defeating Kimbo Slice's protégé "Ray."[6] Masvidal later competed in wrestling at St. Brendan High School, but failed to stay eligible because of his grades, and then began training in mixed martial arts.[7]
Mixed martial arts career [ edit ]
Early career [ edit ]
Jorge won his kickboxing debut by unanimous decision on April 11, 2003, at Fast and Fearless event.[citation needed] Masvidal's most high-profile victory came in the main event of the Absolute Fighting Championships XII event held on April 30, 2005. The fight was against current UFC competitor and The Ultimate Fighter 5 contestant Joe Lauzon, who came in undefeated at eight wins and no losses with all eight wins by way of submission. Jorge won via Technical Knock Out in the second round with a flurry of punches.[8]
Jorge garnered a 3–0 record in the now defunct BodogFIGHT promotion, including decision victories over Keith Wisniewski, Steve Berger and a head kick knockout of PRIDE Fighting Championships and UFC veteran Yves Edwards.
Bellator [ edit ]
Masvidal was signed by Bellator and entered their Lightweight Tournament in April 2009.[9] Masvidal won his first fight via TKO in the first round. However, he was defeated in the semi-finals to Toby Imada at Bellator 5 by inverted triangle choke submission in the third round. This upset loss to Imada was acknowledged by Sherdog and MMA Junkie as Submission of the Year.
Masvidal faced and defeated Eric Reynolds at Bellator 12 in a 160 lb Catchweight bout via rear-naked choke submission. He was rumored to be fighting again in the Season Two Lightweight Tournament but after losing a bout before that, he was released by the organization.
Masvidal moved up to the welterweight division to fight Paul Daley at Shark Fights 13 in Amarillo, Texas in September 2010. The bout was later made a catchweight of 171.75 lbs. after Daley failed to make weight.[10] Daley defeated Masvidal via unanimous decision.[11] After this performance, Masvidal signed with Strikeforce.[12]
Strikeforce [ edit ]
Masvidal returned to Strikeforce in early 2011, facing Billy Evangelista at Strikeforce: Feijao vs. Henderson. He won the fight via unanimous decision.[13]
Masvidal then fought former Elite XC Lightweight Champion K.J. Noons[14] in a number one contender's bout. Masvidal won the fight using superior grappling and dropping Noons at the end of the first round with a high kick.[15]
Masvidal faced Gilbert Melendez for the Strikeforce Lightweight Championship at Strikeforce: Melendez vs. Masvidal on December 17, 2011 at the Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA.[16] He lost the fight via unanimous decision.[17]
Following the championship bout, Masvidal fought Justin Wilcox at Strikeforce: Rockhold vs. Kennedy on July 14, 2012. He won the fight via split decision.[18][19]
Masvidal was then expected to face Bobby Green on November 3, 2012 at Strikeforce: Cormier vs. Mir, but the bout was cancelled due to the cancellation of the event itself. Masvidal was later expected to face Pat Healy at Strikeforce: Marquardt vs. Saffiedine but had to pull out due to a back injury.[10]
Ultimate Fighting Championship [ edit ]
Following the dissolution of Strikeforce in January 2013, Masvidal was brought over to the UFC. He made his debut against Tim Means on April 20, 2013 at UFC on Fox 7.[20] Masvidal was successful in his debut, winning the fight via unanimous decision.[21]
For his second bout with the promotion, Masvidal made a quick return to the Octagon as he replaced Reza Madadi in a bout against Michael Chiesa on July 27, 2013 at UFC on Fox 8.[22] Despite being dropped in the first round by punches, Masvidal took control in the second round and won via submission.[23]
For his third UFC bout, Masvidal faced Rustam Khabilov on November 6, 2013 at UFC: Fight for the Troops 3.[24] He lost the back-and-forth fight via unanimous decision. Despite the loss, the bout did earn Masvidal his first Fight of the Night bonus honors.[25]
Masvidal fought longtime veteran Pat Healy at UFC on Fox 11.[26] He out-struck the veteran to a unanimous decision win.[27]
Masvidal faced Daron Cruickshank on July 26, 2014 at UFC on Fox 12.[28] After being dropped by a punch in the first round, Masvidal recovered to win a unanimous decision victory.
A bout with Bobby Green, first scheduled under the Strikeforce banner in 2012 before being scrapped, was expected to take place on September 27, 2014 at UFC 178.[29] However, on August 14, the UFC announced that Masvidal would instead face James Krause.[30] Masvidal won the fight via unanimous decision.[31]
Masvidal was expected to face Norman Parke on January 18, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 59.[32] However, Masvidal pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Gleison Tibau.[33]
Masvidal was briefly linked to a bout with Bobby Green on April 4, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 63.[34] However, shortly after the fight was announced by the UFC, Green pulled out of the bout citing an injury and was replaced by Benson Henderson.[35] In turn, Henderson was removed from the bout to serve as event headliner at UFC Fight Night 60.[36] Masvidal eventually faced Al Iaquinta at the event.[37] He lost the bout in a closely contested split decision.[38] 13 of 15 media outlets scored the bout in favor of Masvidal.[39]
Masvidal faced Cezar Ferreira in a welterweight bout on July 12, 2015 at The Ultimate Fighter 21 Finale.[40] He won the fight via knockout in the first round, also earning a Performance of the Night bonus.[41][42]
Masvidal was expected to face Dong Hyun Kim on November 28, 2015 at UFC Fight Night 79.[43] However, on November 14, it was announced that Masvidal would instead face Benson Henderson at the event after his scheduled opponent Thiago Alves pulled out of their fight.[44] Masvidal lost the back-and-forth fight via split decision.[45]
Masvidal faced Lorenz Larkin on May 29, 2016 at UFC Fight Night 88.[46] He lost the back-and-forth fight via split decision.[47]
Masvidal was expected to face Siyar Bahadurzada on July 30, 2016 at UFC 201.[48] However, Bahadurzada pulled out of the bout on July 12 citing an illness and was replaced by Ross Pearson.[49][50] He won the fight via decision.[51]
Masvidal was briefly linked to a bout with Kelvin Gastelum on November 5, 2016 at The Ultimate Fighter Latin America 3 Finale.[52] However, on September 14, Gastelum was removed in favor of a fight against former lightweight title challenger Donald Cerrone at UFC 205, one week later.[53] Subsequently, Masvidal was removed from the card entirely and instead faced Jake Ellenberger the following month at The Ultimate Fighter 24 Finale.[54] He went on to defeat Ellenberger in the first round via TKO. It was ruled a TKO after Ellenberger's toe was caught in the fence and the referee called a stop to the action resulting in the end of the fight.[55]
Masvidal faced Donald Cerrone on January 28, 2017 at UFC on Fox 23.[56] He dropped Cerrone and nearly finished the fight in the last seconds of the first round, and eventually won the fight via TKO in the second round after scoring another knockdown.[57] The win also earned Masvidal his second Performance of the Night bonus.[58]
Masvidal faced off against Demian Maia at UFC 211 on May 13, 2017. Masvidal lost via a split decision.[59]
Masvidal faced Stephen Thompson on November 4, 2017 at UFC 217.[60] He lost the fight via unanimous decision.[61]
Masvidal is expected to face Darren Till on March 16, 2019 at UFC Fight Night 147.[62]
Boxing [ edit ]
Masvidal's professional boxing debut took place on June 8, 2005. After training under Eric "El Tigre" Cantanos, he defeated Joseph Benjamin (1-11-2) at the Radisson Mart Plaza Hotel in Miami, Florida. The victory came via majority decision after four rounds. Masvidal has not competed in professional boxing since.[citation needed]
Personal life [ edit ]
Masvidal has two daughters and a son with his ex-girlfriend, who he was with for well over ten years. His son is two years old, and his daughters are 9 and 15.[citation needed]
Masvidal walks around at 185lbs. He is known not to adhere to a strict athletes diet, eating junk food throughout his fight camps. In a recent interview, he stated that his favorite places to eat during fight camp is McDonald's then Chipotle for cutting weight. [63]
Championships and accomplishments [ edit ]
Mixed martial arts [ edit ]
Submission Grappling [ edit ]
2002 NAGA Florida States: Third Place (Teen)
2003 NAGA Nationals Lightweight: Second Place
2003 FGA Southeast Challenge II Lightweight Champion
2004 NAGA Chicago Pro Am: Second Place
Mixed martial arts record [ edit ]
Professional record breakdown 45 matches 32 wins 13 losses By knockout 13 1 By submission 2 2 By decision 17 10
[65]
See also [ edit ]
A former Utah lawmaker under consideration for a position as a state judge has apologized for his past support of anti-LGBT bills.
Rep. Kraig Powell (above) told the Utah Senate Judicial Confirmation Committee on Monday that he is not anti-gay and was in fact trying to help in the aftermath of court rulings on same-sex marriage.
According toFox13, earlier this year Powell ran a pair of bills dealing with same-sex couples following the SCOTUS ruling on marriage equality. While a bill which aimed to make Utah marriage law gender neutral received praise, another was less well received because it suggested giving heterosexual couples preference over same-sex couples in adoptions. Neither bill passed the legislature.
In 2014, Powell filed a bill in the Utah legislature which suggested rewriting the law to refer to same-sex marriages as “pairages.”
Of his track record, Powell said:
“I do understand the concerns expressed by the LGBTQ community over this issue and I'm truly sorry for the offense I caused. I'm sorry that some of my statements about that provision were the source of such pain. I regret having made those statements.”
Although Senator Jim Dabakis (right), the only openly gay lawmaker in the state, praised Powell for trying to make marriage law gender neutral he said the adoption bill “would have done great damage to LGBT couples.”
Chase Thomas of Alliance for a Better Utah said:
“Although we appreciate the apology Rep. Powell expressed during his hearing today, we are still concerned about the implications of his confirmation as a judge. Rep. Powell may have backtracked on his stated desire to explicitly discriminate against LGBT parents who were trying to adopt, but his legislation as actually proposed still allowed for judges to act upon implicit biases they may hold toward LGBT persons.”
However, Heber City councilwoman Kelleen Potter offered support for Powell “open minded and willing to listen to all sides of an argument.”
Initially opposing Powell's nomination, Troy Williams, the executive director of the LGBT rights group Equality Utah, eventually said he recognized “the evolution and the journey that Rep. Powell has been on. I sincerely believe you,” he said, “and I accept your apology.
Dabakis joined in backing Powell and the committee confirmed him unanimously.
Watch Powell explaining last February why he wanted to implement preferential treatment for opposite sex couples in adoption of children from foster care.
(Dabakis image via Wikipedia)
German American Bund parade on East 86th St., New York City, October 30, 1939 (Library of Congress)
In the aftermath of this weekend's chaotic, deadly Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia, several commentators have identified the event as the largest gathering of American White Nationalists and neo-Nazis in decades. But as Jelani Cobb and others have pointed out, the event was “not the first time this country has witnessed the mass mobilization of Nazis.” From George Lincoln Rockwell's American Nazi Party to the attempted neo-Nazi march in Skokie, the vision put forth by Hitler has survived in pockets across the United States long after the Third Reich crumbled.
The largest and best-funded of the American Nazi groups, according to most historians, was the German American Bund. Founded in Buffalo, New York in 1936, the group existed to promote the German Nazi party among Americans, and was led by German-born American citizen Fritz Kuhn. The Bund was the ideological successor of Friends of New Germany, and within a few years of its founding the group boasted 25,000 members, with as many as 20 youth training camps across the country.
In February of 1939, the group hosted it's largest ever rally at Madison Square Garden, bringing upwards of 20,000 Nazi-supporting Americans into the heart of Manhattan, where they were greeted by some 100,000 angry New Yorkers. According to Arnie Bernstein, historian and author of Swastika Nation: Fritz Kuhn and the Rise and Fall of the German-American Bund, that confrontation was a defining moment for the emerging fascist and anti-fascist movements in the United States.
On Monday, we reached out to Bernstein to better understand what the American Nazis then can tell us about American Nazis now.
As someone who's studied Nazism in America for years, what was your reaction to this weekend's events? I'm not surprised. I'm really not. I've been telling people for years that we are ignoring this movement at our own peril. I don't see a much of a difference, quite frankly, between the Bund and these groups, in their public presence. The Bund had their storefronts in New York, Chicago, Detroit, Los Angeles—today's groups are also hanging out in the public space, but in this case it's on the internet and anyone can access it.
Several people have called attention to the Bund's 1939 gathering in Madison Square Garden as a sort of historical parallel to what happened in Charlottesville. Can you talk about the reaction among New Yorkers after 20,000 Nazis descended on the city? It was loudly condemned all across the board. In New York alone, [Mayor] LaGuardia and [Manhattan District Attorney] Thomas Dewey reacted very swiftly to the Madison Square Garden rally. It had been building for awhile and was—as I think what happened over the weekend was—a major flashpoint. So leading up to the rally, people from all stripes were prepared to greet them.
It was New York, so the people who showed up outside Madison Square Garden were really an amalgamation. You had leftist groups, housewives, businessmen, college students, fraternal organizations, African-American groups, and, obviously, Jewish groups. Anyone you could possibly imagine was there to protest this, and cops gave them what was a termed a “free speech zone,” where people protesting could go and talk. They were trying to alleviate the situation, relieve some of the pressure that was going to happen.
One of the funnier stories in the book is that there was this loud yelling, someone demanding that the Nazis stop, but cops couldn't figure out where this was coming from. It was really loud. Eventually the cops centralized where it was coming from: a rooming house not far from Madison Square Garden. They bust into the room and there was a record player, playing the message over and over. Apparently two guys had made a record, rented the room, set up the record with a loudspeaker, and left it running.
Was there violence between the protesters and Nazis? There were some fights, but not to the extent that we saw this weekend in Virginia. The police were very prepared. One of them famously said, "We have enough men to stop a revolution." Close to 100,000 protesters turned up. It was the biggest police presence in New York City history, only eclipsed by 9/11.
Nothing on the Charlottesville police, but they just don't have the resources that the New York Police Department does, and that's part of the reason, I think, for what happened. There's also a huge difference in that these people are much more violent.
You're saying that the white supremacists in Charlottesville were more violent than the American Nazis of the 1930s? Oh yeah. The Bund, for all their stupidity, did not get into fights to the extent that we saw in Charlottesville. I mean they got into fights sometimes, but there were reports in Charlottesville of these guys walking around with automatic guns, in camouflage with their swastikas, smelling like alcohol. I'm flabbergasted that something even worse didn't happen. That it was just one person killed is miraculous, quite frankly.
Police officers struggle with crowds gathered to protest the MSG Bund rally (Getty)
When fights between the Bund and the anti-fascist groups did happen—either before or after this rally—what did that look like? A good example is when Jewish American war veterans snuck into one of the Bund's rallies at the Yorkville Casino, a gathering hall for German Americans. They went in, and when the speeches hit their high point, they stood up and put on their Jewish American war veteran caps and started swinging. People had no problem doing that.
One of the other interesting groups to go after [the Nazis] was the boys of the Jewish mafia. Jewish mobsters like Meyer Lansky, Bugsy Siegal, and Mickey Cohen were approached by high-up figures in the Jewish community, according to Meyer Lansky, and asked to put an army together. Normally they wouldn't accept civilians into the mafia, obviously, but they had so many volunteers that they had to run training camps on how to beat up the Nazis. The mafia doesn't talk much, but they were very proud of what they did. They were offered payment, and they said no, we want to do this for our people. And yes they were bad guys, but they were our bad guys. In my book I compared it to the day of atonement, that maybe this was their way of atoning for some of the really terrible things they'd done.
Another really important figure here is Walter Winchell, who had a syndicated Broadway column, and wasn't fettered by the standards that other journalists had. So he attacked these guys with all kinds of stuff. Fritz Kuhn hated Walter Winchell, because Winchell just went after him unrelentingly. He was one of the first people to go after the Bund.
What do you say to people who are having a hard time grasping that Nazis could even exist in America in 2017? Like I said, I've been studying these groups. We've known that they're out there. We know that they didn't just go away when the Bund collapsed. The Bund collapsed because their leader Franz Kuhn was basically stopped by LaGuardia, who couldn't get Kuhn on a free speech issue. Instead, he discovered that Kuhn was siphoning Bund funds to pay for his romances, so they got him on embezzlement. But they didn't just go away. Within a few years after World War II, you had George Lincoln Rockwell running the American Nazi party, you had what happened in Skokie, plus the Klan has always been around.
I remember very clearly that they were one of the first people to use the internet. They were on short wave radio before the internet. I remember listening to one of these shows, and in the middle of the show the host said, "The man in the red suit has a mustache." I remember thinking: Do they have code?
So they've always been out there, and they've always been communicating. We saw hints of it with the Michigan Militia. There have been little pockets of it, but it's been largely ignored, and I've been saying for years that we've been ignoring this at our own peril. And the flashpoint was this weekend, and hopefully, like Madison Square Garden, it will lead to some action.
The difference, though, is that Roosevelt didn't react to this with winks and nods and coded language. We saw the campaign that Trump ran. We saw a president that did not mention Jews on Holocaust Remembrance Day. He was basically forced into making that speech today. He's been winking and nodding to this all along.
This interview has been edited and condensed.
Officials at the State Department are concerned over the Trump transition team's request for all information related to “gender-related staffing, programming and funding,” the Washington Post reported Thursday.
According to the Post, State Department leadership complied with the request because Trump's team did not ask directly for the names of the officials who work on women's issues programming. A copy of the request obtained by the newspaper asked instead for information on all programs and activities that “promote gender equality, such as ending gender-based violence, promoting women's participation in economic and political spheres, entrepreneurship, etc.”, as well as the “positions whose primary functions are to promote such issues.”
Given the President-elect's lack of focus on policies affecting women during the campaign and stated promise to end all federal funding for Planned Parenthood in the U.S., officials fear that the request signals a plan to reduce funding to these international programs.
Asked about women's issues during a post-election phone call with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA), Trump handed the phone to his daughter Ivanka.
“It's not clear to us what the intent is behind this request,” one senior State Department official told the Post. “The Trump team could be looking to advance gender issues and make it a priority — or you could look at it as a witch hunt.”
A similar shudder went through the Energy Department earlier this month when Trump's team asked for the names of all department officials who worked on the Paris climate change accords.
The Energy Department rejected the request, which a spokesman said “left many in our workforce unsettled.” The Trump transition team later said the request was not authorized or part of its standard protocol
The President-elect has claimed that most climate change is “bunk” and nominated an Environmental Protection Agency leader who also rejects mainstream climate science.
Washington state and Colorado recently legalized the use of Cannabis for recreational use, and now Nevada might be doing the same. If the pro-marijuana group who filed the petition have anything to do with it Nevada will be next to legalize cannabis. They must acquire 101,667 signatures by November 11. If acquired, voters will most likely vote on this issue in 2016. The legislators will decide in 2015 whether to reject or accept the petition. If rejected it will then become up to the voters in 2016.
Joe Brezny, executive director of the Nevada Cannabis Industry Association (NCIA), is the one who filed the petition with the Secretary of the State in the Las Vegas office. According to Brezny the law of medical marijuana will not change. What will, however, change is the right to use it for recreational purposes. It would be similar to Colorado's law. The user of course would have to be 21 or older to purchase the legalized cannabis. Also, there will be a one ounce limit.
People seem to more open when they realize it will not be legal for just anyone to buy. Currently, in the state of Nevada if a person is caught with less than an ounce of marijuana the legal ramifications are six-hundred dollars for a first time offense if the person is over 21 years old. If they are under 21 years old, the legal ramifications are higher than, it is considered a class-E felony with one to four years in jail, and a five-thousand dollar fine. Most are put on probation for first and second time offense.
A poll in 2013 showed that there was a good support for legalizing it next in Nevada with 54 percent for legalizing cannabis. If passed it would require a 15 percent sales tax. Of course, it is too early to predict an exact number in sale taxes, but Brezny thinks it could easily rival Colorado's one million weekly sales tax. This will bring a lot of needed revenue for the state if the law is passed. The NCIA is confident it will pass as the support for legalization has grown substantially since 2002. In 2002 they only had the support of 39 percent of voters.
Last year medical Cannabis dispensaries were put into place thanks in part to Senator Tick Segerblom (D) and Senator Mark Hutchison (R). It only seems logical for the next step to be legalizing Cannabis in the silver state. The true goal is to get it legalized to show the public it is nothing to be afraid of according Brezny. If you compare it to gambling it is no less scary. It may have been hard to get used to, but now it is a normal pastime in the silver state.
Other states to be next in line will probably be Alaska, Arizona, California, Oregon, Maine, Massachusetts, Montana, Rhode Island and Vermont. All of these states have made great strides towards legalizing cannabis. It makes sense that a state like Nevada will be the next in line to legalize cannabis. By the time they get ready to vote on this issue people should not be afraid as the medical marijuana will be up and running smoothly by then. It is really no longer a right or left side issue, both sides seem to be coming together to support each other in this issue.
Opinion by Heather Tillman
Sources:
reviewjournal
lasvegassun
huffingtonpost
theweedblog
Update by Brandon Adler, Lead Producer
Hey, everybody. We have lots of cool Pillars of Eternity news for you today. Everything from our Update 3.0 Beta to a last chance to get your very own copy of Lords of the Eastern Reach.
Last chance at Lords of the Eastern Reach!
As most of you know, Lords of the Eastern Reach is a card game from Zero Radius Games that is based on the Pillars of Eternity license. The game had a successful Kickstarter last year and Zero Radius Games is about to send the game for printing.
If you didn't get a chance to put in an order, but want to get your hands on the game in the near future, there is still time. Just head over to its Backer Portal and make a pledge! Even better, if you already have an account made for the Pillars of Eternity Backer Portal it will work with the Lords of the Eastern Reach portal.
Update 3.0 Beta
In preparation for The White March - Part II launching next month we are putting out a 3.0 Beta on Steam.
The 3.0 Update comes with a ton of changes, bug fixes, and new features. We need your help in looking over everything to make sure that the community is happy with the direction of some of these changes. If you are able, we would really appreciate that you opt into the Beta patch and supply feedback in our forums. As always, you guys are what helps to make Pillars of Eternity the best game it can be.
Here is a small list of features and changes that we would like feedback on:
The value/feeling of Athletics and Survival, both on their own and relative to other skills. Do any of the Survival bonuses feel way out of line with the other bonuses?
How do Knockout Injuries feel? Are they too punishing? Not punishing enough? Do any injuries feel way out of line with other injuries?
Assuming you like the idea of Story Time, how does it feel to you? Does it make the game more enjoyable for you, or does it just remove combat as an obstacle that you didn't like in the first place?
Do you like the new Stronghold Adventures? Do you like the narrative elements of them? How do the unique items you get from them feel? Do any of the unique items seem out of line with other items considering their relative difficulty level (i.e., comparing Minor to Minor, Grand to Grand)?
Do you like the presentation and content of the Stronghold Visitor Dilemmas? How do you feel about the setup of the scenes? Are there any dilemmas that you don't like? Do you feel like the dilemmas all give you a good range of options for resolving them?
Does the combat in the last third of the main game (from Elmshore on) feel better? Specifically, have we removed enough battles that feel like trash mobs or filler? Have we improved the fights there so they are a) challenging and b) more interesting?
The same question, but on levels 7, 8, and 11 of the Endless Paths of Od Nua.
For a more in-depth look at some of the changes and fixes, head over here and check it out.
Obsidian Tools Localization Builder
Hey, modders! Have you been looking for an easier way to translate Pillars of Eternity into different languages? The Obsidian Tools Localization Builder is the answer.
With the Localization Builder you can quickly and easily translate Pillars of Eternity and The White March just like we do here at Obsidian.
To get more information about the Localization Builder watch the video below. This video will tell you a bit about the Localization Builder and explain how to set it up.
Note: The Localization Builder requires a legitimate copy of Excel to work correctly. If you use a pirated version it may not work properly.
Note: It is also for Windows only. We have no plans on making OSX or Linux versions for the future.
You can download the Localization Builder here.
You can download the associated Excel files here.
Unofficial Translations
With the release of our Localization Builder, the Eternity team wanted to showcase some of the unofficial fan translations for Pillars of Eternity. Everyone here at Obsidian really appreciates the hard work that you guys put in to spread the game to as many people as possible.
Here are some languages below:
German
German localizations here. (Created by Phobi666)
Italian
Italian localizations here. (Created by improbabile)
French
French localizations here. (Created by r-e-d)
Spanish
Spanish localizations here. (Created by MemnochPSA)
Japanese
Japanese localizations here. (Created by fackman and Synctam)
If people would like to assist in getting more translation fixes in, they can post here on the forums.
German
German localization thread here.
Italian
Italian localization thread here.
French
French localization thread here.
Russian
Russian localization thread here.
Spanish
Spanish localization thread here.
If you would like to perform translations in new languages you can use the Obsidian Tools Localization Builder. Just check out the video above.
That's it for this update. Our next update will be about Pillars of Eternity's latest companion, Maneha.
President Barack Obama's campaign is calling on top surrogates to boost his standing among Jewish voters in Florida.
Speaking to more than 150 mostly Jewish voters in Sarasota last week, U.S. Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., said Obama has been a strong supporter of Israel despite Republicans' criticism of his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
"I know where they have stood on Israel and the U.S.-Israeli relationship," Levin said of Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. "Is he really a strong supporter of Israel? Look at his actions."
Levin, chairman of the Senate's Armed Services Committee, specifically pointed to Obama's efforts to block a United Nation's effort to condemn Israel for the 2010 killing of 10 people that were part of a flotilla that tried to get past Israel's blockade of Gaza. Levin also noted last month's riots in Egypt, when Obama demanded that Egyptians better protect the Israeli embassy in Cairo.
Levin said after his speech at the Kobernick Anchin, a retirement community sponsored by the Sarasota-Manatee Jewish Housing Council, Obama has to counter concerns that he has been weak on Israel.
"If a significant number of Jews believe that he is not a strong supporter of Israel, that would hurt him," Levin said.
Romney has aggressively pointed to Israel as one of Obama's biggest failings on foreign policy. Romney has repeatedly cited Obama's poor relationship with Netanyahu as helping to embolden Iran and other adversaries.
"I will reaffirm our historic ties to Israel and our abiding commitment to its security," Romney said in a foreign policy speech earlier this month in Kentucky. "The world must never see any daylight between our two nations."
Singing praises
U.S. Rep. Vern Buchanan, R-Longboat Key, is hoping for a little help from one of the biggest-selling music acts of the late 1950s. Buchanan's campaign issued a press release with an endorsement from singer Pat Boone.
"I'm still singing at concerts, but I'm also singing the praises of Vern Buchanan," said Boone, now 78.
Boone is a spokesman for the 60 Plus Association, a group that sees itself as a conservative counterpart to AARP, which it views as too liberal.
Buchanan is running in the 16th Congressional District against Sarasota Democrat Keith Fitzgerald. The district includes all of Sarasota County and most Manatee.
Rouson makes play for speaker post
Democrats are in the minority in the Florida House of Representatives, holding just 39 of 120 seats.
But that isn't stopping state Rep. Darryl Rouson, a Democrat who represents part of Sarasota and Bradenton, from formally announcing his bid to be speaker of the House in 2014.
Rouson put his name in for the position should Democrats win back the majority of seats by 2014. Even if they don't, Rouson, a St. Petersburg resident, would then be positioned to be the minority leader for the party from 2014 to 2016.
"I have a great love and desire for the potential of the minority minority party to become a relevant minority party," Rouson said in an interview.
Democrats would need to pick up 22 seats in the next two elections to assure a Democrat would be speaker of the House.
Rouson said he wants to be part of the effort to recruit more good Democratic candidates to build the party's strength in Tallahassee.
Neither Sarasota nor Manatee has had a speaker of the House since Manatee County Democrat Ralph Haben from 1980 to 1982.
For the next two years, the Democratic leader in the House will be Rep. Perry Thurston Jr., D-Plantation. Rouson said he is positioning himself to be in line after Thurston.
Rouson represents the newly redrawn District 70 in the Florida House, which stretches from Midtown in St. Petersburg to downtown Sarasota.
Analyzing the races
Looking for a preview of what to expect on Election Day in national, state and local races? I will be part of a panel discussion at New College of Florida on Tuesday with Politico's Charles Mahtesian and Real Clear Politics' Alexis Simendinger, breaking down the final two weeks of the campaign season.
Part of the New Topics Series, the event will be moderated by ABC 7 analyst Frank Alcock, a New College political science professor.
The forum starts at 5:30 p.m. at the Mildred Sainer Pavilion, 5313 Bay Shore Road, Sarasota. Tickets are $15. For more information, call 487-4888.
The New Topics Series is a collaboration with New College Foundation and New College of Florida
Area political events
Today: The Manatee County Democratic Executive Committee meets at 5:30 p.m. at Mexicali Border Cafe, 5502 Cortez Road, Bradenton.
Friday: The Lakewood Ranch Republican Club meets at noon at the Lakewood Ranch Holiday Inn, 6231 Lake Osprey Drive, Lakewood Ranch. Make reservations by Oct. 24 by visiting www.lwrrc.com. Lunch is $20.
Saturday: Rita Ferrandino, chair, Sarasota County Democrats, speaks to the Venice Area Democratic Club at 10:30 a.m. at Naar Hall, United Church of Christ, 620 Shamrock Blvd., Venice. Free. For more information, call 492-5965 or go to www.venicedemocrats.org.
On December 1, the new Audiovisual Media Services Regulations went into effect. The regulations, imposed by a government order, essentially require that video-on-demand (VoD) online porn adhere to the same guidelines that currently cover porn DVDs sold in old school sex shops, which are regulated by the British Board of Film Censors (BBFC), a non-governmental body.
Friday's event was billed as a mass "face-sitting" — in which women would simulate the sexual act outside of parliament. And indeed, several of the protesters lifted their skirts and sat on the faces of fellow protesters, who were lying on towels spread over the grass. The gesture nods to what many have interpreted as a particular effort by regulatory bodies to suppress depictions of female sexual pleasure.
"Who has a right to take away our favorite things?" she asked.
Participants carried homemade signs with sex-themed slogans. "We Cum In Peace," read one. "Fist Me," read another. Charlotte Rose, a noted sex worker and activist, took to the stage with a mock cardboard microphone — Rose was not permitted to use a real microphone — and decried the new restrictions as "absolutely absurd."
About a hundred protesters — and just as many protester-chasing journalists — gathered on Friday at the Old Palace Yard: a small plot of soggy grass outside the UK's Houses of Parliament. They were gathered to oppose new regulations on UK-produced Internet pornography, which will for the first time prohibit online content showing acts such as "drinking urine," certain types of "physical restraint," "the infliction of pain," and "fisting."
Read more
About a hundred protesters — and just as many protester-chasing journalists — gathered on Friday at the Old Palace Yard: a small plot of soggy grass outside the UK's Houses of Parliament. They were gathered to oppose new regulations on UK-produced Internet pornography, which will for the first time prohibit online content showing acts such as "drinking urine," certain types of "physical restraint," "the infliction of pain," and "fisting."
Participants carried homemade signs with sex-themed slogans. "We Cum In Peace," read one. "Fist Me," read another. Charlotte Rose, a noted sex worker and activist, took to the stage with a mock cardboard microphone — Rose was not permitted to use a real microphone — and decried the new restrictions as "absolutely absurd."
"Who has a right to take away our favorite things?" she asked.
Photos by Katie Engelhart
Friday's event was billed as a mass "face-sitting" — in which women would simulate the sexual act outside of parliament. And indeed, several of the protesters lifted their skirts and sat on the faces of fellow protesters, who were lying on towels spread over the grass. The gesture nods to what many have interpreted as a particular effort by regulatory bodies to suppress depictions of female sexual pleasure.
On December 1, the new Audiovisual Media Services Regulations went into effect. The regulations, imposed by a government order, essentially require that video-on-demand (VoD) online porn adhere to the same guidelines that currently cover porn DVDs sold in old school sex shops, which are regulated by the British Board of Film Censors (BBFC), a non-governmental body.
BBFC guidelines ban the representation of sexual acts that are "in breach of the criminal law," even if those acts are scripted and consensual. For instance, it is prohibited for porn to show "adults role-playing as non-adults."
The guidelines also ban "material judged to be obscene" under the Obscene Publications Act. This includes using objects associated with violence for penetration, strong physical or verbal abuse, and portraying sexual violence in an appealing manner. A separate set of regulations from the Crown Prosecution Service bars material that shows acts such as fisting, bondage, or realistic portrayals of rape.
Rubbing out internet porn won't be easy for the Indian government. Read more here.
Photos by Katie Engelhart
On Friday, lawyer Myles Jackman — who purports to specialize in "Obscenity and Extreme Pornography" — addressed the face-sitting crowd to denounce the new regulations as an affront to free expression and a harbinger of censorship to come. "Consenting adults should be able to view and do what they want in the privacy of their own home," he said.
Later, when asked by VICE News whether the British government was justified in prohibiting the portrayal of illegal acts, Jackman bristled — insisting there is no evidence linking the watching of extreme pornography with the commitment of criminal activity or with actual harm. Indeed, a 2005 Home Office Consultation on the Possession of Extreme Pornographic Material failed to definitively establish that link, though its authors hypothesized that extreme pornography "may encourage or reinforce interest in violent and aberrant sexual activity."
He also argued that the new guidelines rest on an outmoded interpretation of the UK's Obscene Publications Act (OPA) as it was formulated over half-a-century ago, in 1959.
Mandating condom use in porn is wrongheaded and stupid. Read more here.
The sex worker Charlotte Rose took a different slant, arguing that the new porn guidelines were invalid because they were imprecise. She used the example of "aggressive whipping," questioning the point at which whipping would be violent enough to merit censorship. Would that line shift if Rose had a "smile on my face" while she whipped?
After Rose spoke, her followers fanned out to engage with the media. Two young women stripped down to their underwear: one, revealing a smattering of bruises across her buttocks. "I love the pain," she laughed. A few others got down on the grass to simulate face-sitting.
Many protesters told VICE News that they were in attendance because of government regulations that specifically target women's pleasure. A number cited new prohibitions on both face-sitting and "female ejaculation."
"They don't ban blow jobs," shouted one woman, who did not give her name. "Lot's of women choke on dicks. They're taking the fun out of it."
But Peter Johnson, CEO of ATVOD, the body that regulates VoD programming, disputed the charge. "There is no blanket ban on face sitting and there is no ban on female ejaculation," he told VICE News.
With respect to face-sitting, Johnson said the ban covers only depictions of face sitting designed to restrict "breathing or blood flow to the brain," which he described as "potentially fatal." Johnson said that the ban applies to both genders. The term "face-sitting" does not appear in the new regulations.
Likewise, Johnson said that female ejaculation is not prohibited. But he argued that liquid displayed as female ejaculate in porn films is, in actuality, often urine — which is banned under the new guidelines when it is consumed or poured onto another performer. "What I have been told in the past by pornographers is that... they provide the performer with a large amount of water, and get the performer to urinate on cue." Johnson told VICE News that "there is a healthy debate among scientific communities about whether female ejaculation exists or not," or whether women who seem to ejaculate are simply peeing.
Johnson said that the ATVOD would evaluate films on a case-by-case basis to determine whether they appeared to show "natural female ejaculation," in which case the film would pass censors, or urination, in which case it would not.
Photos by Katie Engelhart
Shortly after the new bill came into effect, the website Pornhub published stats indicating that Brits are more likely than others to watch pornography showing spanking and whipping.
On Thursday, Liberal Democratic MP Julian Huppert called for the new online porn regulations to be debated in parliament.
Ending her speech on Friday, the sex worker Rose somewhat incongruously ordered her followers to rally "in the style of William Wallace," the 13th century Scottish independence crusader, famously portrayed by Mel Gibson in the movie Bravehart. "Let's protect tomorrow by taking action today!"
Is the DOJ forcing banks to terminate the accounts of porn stars? Read more here.
Follow Katie Engelhart on Twitter: @katieengelhart
I have to admit when I stumbled upon this recent addition to the Chromium repository, I probably got more excited than one should for such a simple feature. For those of you that may be a bit confused about the title, let me clarify.
Pull out your mobile device and open Chrome. Now, go to whatever website tickles your fancy. I recommend Chrome Unboxed but hey, I'm a bit biased. Okay, refresh whatever page you have opened.
Simple, right?
Most likely the majority of you just swiped down with your thumb or index finger to refresh the page. It's quick, simple and we do it countless times without even thinking about it.
We have found ourselves with a number of convertibles and even a touchscreen Chromebase scattered around the office. Times when I happen to have my device in tablet mode, I find myself trying to do this very action. Unfortunately, it doesn't work on Chrome for desktop.
That soon may change.
Earlier today, a new commit was added to the Chromium code review regarding this exact feature.
Add –pull-to-refresh flag for pull-to-refresh
You may be thinking “why would you need this on Chrome for desktop?”
Well, I'll tell you why. The very reason I mentioned above. There have been near a dozen new Chrome devices released in 2017. Of all of them, only one doesn't offer a touchscreen and it's a Chromebox. More and more devices are offering a convertible form-factor or at least a touch display and a swipe to refresh feature is sort of a no brainer.
Did I mention this won't be just for Chromebooks?
Shop Chromebooks On Amazon
In the commit I found a link to a Chromium bug report regarding this upcoming function. Under the operating systems listed was not only Chrome but Windows as well. Window 2-n-1 devices are becoming exceedingly popular as well and this “pull-to-refresh” function will benefit Chromebook and Windows users alike.
What about iOS?
Good question and one that took me a minute to wrap my head around. Then it hit me. Apple doesn't make touchscreen computers and likely never will according to a CNET interview with Apple software engineering lead Craig Federighi.
It's because Apple decided a touchscreen on a Mac wasn't “particularly useful,” says Ive. And on the MacBook Pro, which keeps getting thinner and lighter, it could be “a burden.
Makes sense. No reason to waste time coding this feature into Chrome for macOS if it will never even be used.
The new pull-to-refresh feature has yet to find its way to the Chrome OS channels. However, with the continuing push of convertible devices and the Play Store slowly making its way to more devices I doubt it will be long before this one becomes reality.
Shop 2-n-1 Laptops On Amazon
*Note: If you have a Chrome device with access to the Play Store the pull-to-refresh feature will work on the Android version of Chrome.
Sources: Chromium repository, CNET
In 2011, Felix Liechti and his colleagues at the Swiss Ornithological Institute attached electronic tags that log movement to six alpine swifts. The small birds—each weighs less than a quarter of a pound—spend the summer breeding in Europe, then migrate to Africa for the winter, thousands of miles away.
Related Content Scientists Solve Mystery of Birds' Flying V
“We wanted to learn about energy demands during migration. We expected to see how often they fly, how often they stop, that sort of thing,” he said.
But a year later, when three of the birds returned to the same breeding site and the scientists removed their tags to collect the data, the electronic tags revealed something unexpected. “When we looked at the data, we were totally blown away,” Liechti said. “During their non-breeding period in Africa, they were always in the air.”
For more than 200 straight days straight, as revealed by his team's study published today in Nature Communications, the birds stayed aloft over West Africa. The tags only collect data every four minutes, so it's impossible to rule out the chance that they touched down occasionally in between these intervals—but every single one of the data points collected for more than six months in a row indicated that, at the time, they were either actively flying or at least gliding in the air.
Ornithologists had previously speculated that a closely related common swift was capable of staying in flight for extremely long periods of time, but this is the first time anyone has collected hard data. The new finding was, in part, enabled by developments in technology—this was the first time that this particular kind of sensor, developed by at Bern University, was attached to birds for research.
Its tiny size allowed the researchers to attach it to relatively small birds without interfering with their free movement. The tags solely collected data on acceleration, the pitch of the bird's body (the angle of its body relative to the ground) and light hitting the bird at any given time. From the latter, scientists were able to infer latitude, due to the timing of sunrise and sunset.
By comparing the acceleration and pitch data to that of birds under observation, Liechti and the others could match particular data patterns with different types of movement—flying (with flapping wings), passively gliding in the air and resting on the ground. “They stayed in the air for all time they spent south of the Sahara, day and night,” he said. “Sometimes they just glide for a few minutes, so there's no movement, but the pitch of the body indicates that they're still gliding in the air.”
It's still a mystery how the birds are able to physiologically accomplish this feat. The diet aspect is relatively straightforward—they largely feed on airborne insects—but until now, opinions differed over the question of whether birds could sleep while aloft. Sleep patterns in birds are fundamentally different than in mammals, and the difficulty of studying the brainwaves of migrating birds makes it very hard to fully understand how they rest while in motion. But the fact that these swifts never touch down for such a long time indicates that they're able to rest in midair.
There's also the deeper (and perhaps more confounding) question of why the birds would bother staying aloft for their entire time in Africa. At this point, it's pure speculation, but Liechti suggests that diet could play a role. “We observed that the further north they go, the more they stay on the ground at night,” he said. “Additionally, the further north you go, the fewer insects there are in the air—so it might be related.” He also proposes that staying in air could reduce the risk of predation or perhaps the chance of catching a disease.
Perhaps most exciting is the fact that this finding came after just the first time the new, ultra-lightweight movement sensor was used in avian research. Tagging other sorts of birds that are too small for conventional sensors might tell us similarly surprising things about their movement or migrations habits. “It's fascinating,” Liechti said, “and it opens up a whole new window for us into these species.”
The Freedom From Religion Foundation has helped Humanism triumph behind bars—all over the state of Virginia.
A freethinking inmate at Coffeewood Correctional Center in Virginia contacted FFRF because his prison had meeting options for Christians, Jews, Hindus, Muslims and a variety of other minority religious groups, but no opportunity for nonreligious inmates to meet and converse about their beliefs. The inmate, Christopher Landeck, applied to start a Humanist study group with equal access to prison chapel resources, but was denied because the Virginia Department of Corrections did not recognize Humanism on its list of "Religions Approved to Operate in DOC Facilities." Landeck was being effectively denied the opportunity to meet with like-0minded prisoners to discuss his beliefs.
FFRF Staff Attorney Sam Grover sent a letter to the Virginia Department of Corrections in February of this year to argue for equal access to prison chapel resources for nonreligious inmates. After a lengthy back and forth, Humanism recently became an officially recognized religion throughout the Virginia prison system. Subsequently, Landeck's group was approved at Coffeewood Correctional.
Now that there is a Humanist study group operating at the prison, the participants are eager for educational materials to read about atheism and freethought. That is why FFRF Co-President Dan Barker and the organization have agreed to donate 11 books to the prison chapel library so that all inmates have access to nonreligious views. Barker's hope is that this freethought literature will educate inmates on how to be "good without God" and inspire them to lead a purpose-filled life.
"Freethought philosophy is a highly inspirational and transformational way of thinking," Barker says. "We're confident that exposure to such ideas will revolutionize the lives of Coffeewood inmates—and, eventually, those serving time anywhere in Virginia."
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is a national nontheistic organization dedicated to the separation of state and church, with more than 23,000 members all over the country, including 500-plus in Virginia.
LISTEN: Calais Campbell, Cardinals Defensive End Your browser does not support the audio element.
Calais Campbell has been a stalwart along the Arizona Cardinals' defensive line for a while now.
A second-round pick in the 2008 NFL Draft out of Miami, Campbell became a starter in his second season and has not left the lineup since, becoming a two-time Pro Bowler and team captain over his time with the team.
Campbell is about to enter his ninth professional season, and it just so happens to be the final year on his contract. There has been speculation that the team might look to redo his deal and keep him around long term, which is something Campbell would not necessarily be opposed to.
“I'm really looking forward to the possibility of extending,” he told Bickley and Marotta on Arizona Sports 98.7 FM Thursday. “I love being a Cardinal and things have been very good the last eight years, so I'm really looking forward to going forward.”
As of now, though, Campbell said his plan is to keep working hard for a team that won 13 games last season and appears poised to be even better this time around. The 29-year-old thinks highly of what the team added in the offseason in pass rusher Chandler Jones and rookie Robert Nkemdiche.
“Adding Chandler Jones is huge — he's an unbelievable talent — and I'm really excited to see what the rookie can do,” Campbell said. “You draft a guy in the first round, he's very talented; he could have been a top-10 pick, top-5 pick, some people say. I've watched a little bit of the film so far and he has a mean first step. I'm really excited to see what he can do.”
With Jones and Nkemdiche on board, the possibility exists for Campbell to have one of his best seasons yet. The five sacks he notched in 2005 were his lowest total since his rookie season, and there were more than a few instances where he was on the receiving end of some head coach Bruce Arians' criticism.
Campbell has long maintained the coach's comments don't bother him because the goal is simply to get better, and with others in the defensive front seven deserving attention he may face fewer double teams this season than he has in years past. It stands to reason that with just one blocker to beat, Campbell could wreak more havoc and be a force whose impact also shows up in the stat books.
While Campbell is a great talent, it helps to have the kind of talent around him he will in Jones, Nkemdiche, Corey Peters, Frostee Rucker and others.
“It's exciting,” he said. “When you see teams are not going to be able to just double-team me the whole time — they're going to have to rotate and double-team other guys, and pick their poison because I feel all of us are going to play with our hair on fire and have a reason for teams to want to double-team us and take us off our game,” he said. “But the biggest thing is I'm trying to make sure I'm ready to beat double-teams; if I still get double-teamed, given the circumstances for me, I'm going to make sure I'm prepared and I'm still working on still refining some of my moves, the way I normally do, but really I've been trying to work on seeing how I can defeat double-teams as well.”
The ripple effect of having more impact players along the defensive front could be felt all around, and Campbell could be one of the biggest beneficiaries. The timing for a resurgent season could not be much better for him given that he is in a contract year, and while he understands that, it is not something that will change his approach.
“The biggest thing is just making sure I take care of the stuff I can,” Campbell said, noting he can't control everything that's happening around him. “You give your agent a job, he does it. The front office, everybody's working hard to figure out something. But all I can control is just making sure I'm in great shape, making sure I'm working hard, making sure that when the time comes I perform my best and let the rest of it take care of itself.”
Follow @theAdamGreen
Reflecting on the Georgia Tech Object-Oriented Ontology Symposium, one of the moments that I'm less than pleased with was an exchange with one of the members of the audience who was defending the analysis and critique of ideology. If I'm bothered by this exchange it's because I cut the participant off mid-sentence without allowing him to fully articulate his point. This was rather rude on my part and for that I apologize.
So what was at issue in this discussion? In my paper, “Being is Flat”, one of the key points I sought to make is that social and political thought has focused entirely too much on content, fetishistically revolving around beliefs, ideologies, signs, narratives, and discourses found in groups. My thesis is that if social and political analysis focuses on ideologies, narratives, signs, signifiers, discourses, beliefs, etc., in its analysis of why social formations are organized as they are, it is doomed to go astray. Following Latour, I thus propose that the concept of society should be replaced by that of collectives. A society is composed entirely of humans, human relations, and human phenomena such as discourses, narratives, and ideologies. A collective, by contrast, includes all of these things when it is a collective involving humans, but also includes nonhuman objects like technologies, resources, roads, cane toads, bacteria, etc., etc., etc. The concept of society should be abandoned, I believe, in favor of the concept of collectives. And if this is the case, then there is no such thing as human relations that do not also include all sorts of nonhuman actors. Moreover, these nonhuman actors are not simply passive resources that people use as tools (a form of overmining with respect to objects), but rather introduce all sorts of differences that deeply influence what sorts of associations between humans come to exist.
Latour underlines this point nicely in Reassembling the Social. Latour writes:
Between a car driver that slows down near a school because she has seen the '30 MPH' yellow sign and a car driver that slows down because he wants to protect the suspension of his car threatened by the bump of a ‘speed trap', is the difference big or small? Big, since the obedience of the first has gone through morality, symbols, signs posts, yellow paint, while the other has passed through the same list to which has been added a carefully designed concrete slab. (77)
Latour tirelessly emphasizes that mechanisms of organization that pass through morality, symbols, and signs are incredibly weak and are very difficult to maintain. To be sure, they make their contributions, yet it is odd that entire schools of social and political thought seem to attribute these actants or objects an iron clad omnipotence and place their eggs in the basket of producing social change through a critique of this order of “morality” and signs. By contrast, the speed bump out there in the world is a real physical constraint. As Latour emphasize, the speed bump is an actant or object entangled with semiotic actants, but it is far from being a mere vehicle or carrier of these actants. Your car slows down whether you like it or not when you pass over that speed bump.
read on!
The example that led to the remarks on the part of my interlocutor revolved around bridge overpasses built too low in a city for public buses to pass underneath. Suppose we are presented with a public beach and wonder why the population that enjoys this beach is primarily composed of middle class and wealthy people. An ideological analysis might focus on the beliefs that middle class, wealthy, and poor people have and how these beliefs function to regulate certain social relations. An object-oriented analysis would not discount these sorts of semiotic objects or actants in this assemblage– in Deleuze-speak, that which belongs to the plane of expression –but would point out that the bridge overpasses are too low for the public transit to pass through and that therefore the movement of people from the poor portion of town are deeply constrained in their possibilities of movement. Carl DiSalvo tells me that this famous example from sociology turns out to be false, but the theoretical point, I believe, still holds. What we have here is a set of nonhuman actants or objects significantly organizing human associations.
It was in relation to this example that the audience member– sadly I didn't get to meet him after the talks –posed his question. His thesis was that while the bridges are certainly physical constraints on the sorts of associations possible between humans, it is ideology that accounts for why the bridges are low. It is here that I rudely cut him off, and for a very simple reason. While there are, no doubt, instances where ideology dictates these sorts of design decisions, this thesis assumes that this particular sorting of human bodies between the wealthy and poor was already operative when the bridges were built. In this way, the audience member hoped to reduce the bridges to a vehicle of ideological content or beliefs. But what this misses are that in just as many other instances these sorts of design decisions took place in situations where such distributions did not yet exist. The sorting of human bodies, under these circumstances, is an unintended consequence, an aleatory result of a prior organization, not the cause of the design decision.
And here I'm tempted to suggest that ideology and belief follows rather than precedes forms of association among humans. In other words, an ideology is a retroactive rationalization of certain human social relations, not the cause of these social relations. But if this is the case, then ideological analysis is really beside the point. It's like limiting one's discussion of a cappuccino to the foam, entirely ignoring the java. An important point here is that if one wishes to understand cappuccino, we cannot restrict ourselves to the java, but must also understand the foam as well. In other words, we must think the entanglement of these agencies. The problem, however, with so much contemporary social and political analysis is that it focuses on the foam alone.
If one doesn't like the example of low bridges, we could just as easily talk about rice production in China between the 14th and 18th centuries as described by Braudel in his magnificent Capitalism and Civilization. What difference, we can ask, does the production of rice rather than other grains like wheat, barley, rye, etc., make to a collective involving humans? Quite a bit. The advantage of producing rice compared to these other grains is that you get three or four harvests a year. Consequently, rice buffers a collective against famines that are common with the poor harvests and blights of other grains. The drawback is that rice planting and harvesting is labor intensive, backbreaking work. You literally spend hours every day planting the rice and harvesting the rice. This nonhuman object or actant thus organizes humans in particular ways. Labor becomes much more collective and is unable to devote itself to the cultivation of other food sources such as livestock. It's not by mistake that the highlands went largely uncultivated during this time period. On the one hand, rice was abundant and readily available, diminishing the need to cultivate the highlands for other foods and livestock. On the other hand, people were collectively engaged in the cultivation of rice. Do Chinese ideologies of collective relations precede this sort of production or do they follow from it? It is the latter that is likely.
Too much social and political analysis focuses all too much on the dimension of content to the detriment of everything else. This can readily be discerned in the work of the early Frankfurt school theorists. It can be discerned in the social and political theorists arising out of Althusser and Lacan, and how they think the political. It is pervasive throughout deconstructive thought and literary theory. And in this these forms of theory implicitly say that social relations are as they are because of what people believe, because of the “moral” dimension, because of the semiotic, ignoring the affordances and constraints engendered by all sorts of non-semiotic and non-signifying relations that characterize human relations to nonhuman actors. In many respects I believe this is an occupational hazard of theorists coming from the humanities. We deal primarily with texts and like the proverbial donkey that believes God is an omnipotent donkey, we come to believe that the world is written in signifiers and that societies are structured primarily by beliefs. But what we miss in all this is the difference that fiber optic cables or a humble paved road can make.
Our social and political theory needs a theoretical apparatus capable of thinking the entanglements of all of these sorts of actors or objects without treating nonhuman objects such as technologies, rocks, resources, plants, cows, etc., as mere vehicles or carriers of significations. What we need is a theory such as Deleuze and Guattari's Helmslevian “semiotic” organized around machinic assemblages (arrangements of nonhuman actants and the differences they produce) and the plane of expression (all that belongs to the domain of the semiotic or what I call “content”). And above all, what we must think is how these different actants are entangled with one another in sticky networks. Zizek approached this point when he noticed, in The Sublime Object of Ideology, that it is not what people believe that matters, so much as what they do. But having broached the blight of ideological analysis he simply repeated the textualist gesture of treating signifiers as the principle of “doing”, treating our relationship to money as a fetish based on a misrecognition, rather than exploring this sub-textual domain of entangled objects and how they afford and constrain action, up to and including money. It is precisely this move that is to be avoided and here the first regime of recommended medicine is Bourdieu's Pascalian Meditations, followed by a healthy dose of Latour's Science in Action and Marx's “Working Day” in Capital, coupled with the diligent study of Braudel's Capitalism and Civilization.
Advertisements
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Visa applications at the embassy in Ankara were suspended in October
US missions in Turkey are to resume full visa services following security assurances from Turkey's government on US consular staff.
The US had suspended all non-immigrant visa services after the arrest of one of its consulate employees in October.
The worker had been detained over suspected links to a cleric blamed for last year's failed coup in Turkey.
The US state department said it was "confident that the security posture has improved sufficiently".
Turkey had "adhered to high level assurances" made to the US, it said.
What assurances has the US received?
The state department said the US had been assured no additional local employees of its missions were under investigation, and that staff would not be detained or arrested performing their official duties.
However, it also said it still had serious concerns about allegations against its arrested local employees and about cases against US citizens detained under the state of emergency imposed after the botched July 2016 coup.
There are at least 11 US citizens currently under arrest in Turkey.
How has Turkey responded?
The Turkish embassy in Washington welcomed the US decision and said visa restrictions for US citizens imposed since the start of the dispute would also be lifted.
However, it said Turkey had given no assurances to the US about cases being processed by Turkish courts, and that it still had concerns about Turkish nationals undergoing court cases in the US.
How did this row begin?
Washington condemned the arrest of the consulate employee, a male Turkish citizen, as baseless and damaging to bilateral relations.
The US mission in Ankara said it had suspended all non-immigrant visa services in order to "reassess" Turkey's commitment to staff security.
Turkey's embassy in Washington responded by suspending "all visa services".
It came less than a month after US President Donald Trump said the two countries were as "close as we've ever been".
But tensions had been brewing for some time, with the US complaining of heavy-handed treatment of pro-Kurdish demonstrators by Turkish security officials during Mr Erdoğan's visit to Washington in May.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The violence took place outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington DC
The Turkish embassy said Turkish-Americans who had come to see the president were provoked by the protesters.
And in September, demonstrators were beaten and ejected from a New York hotel after interrupting a speech by Mr Erdoğan, who was in the city to speak at the United Nations General Assembly.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Turkey accuses Fethullah Gulen of being behind the failed coup - a charge he denies
Turkey has been pressing Washington to extradite US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen over his alleged role in the botched coup in July 2016.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan accuses Mr Gulen of instigating the unrest - a charge the cleric denies.
In the aftermath of the coup attempt, which was led by military officers, 40,000 people were arrested and 120,000 sacked or suspended.
Relations between Turkey and other countries have also become strained as Mr Erdoğan appears to be taking a more assertive approach to foreign relations.
“Yan ba yung tokhang? Tokhang ba ang ibig sabihin niyan?” an old man asks in a whisper. It was the height of the war on drugs, and people only spoke of the ensuing deaths in hushed tones. Archie Oclos was then working on a mural on an unfinished 10 x 18ft wall that he decided to fill with images of guns.
He nods at the man, who continues, “Alam mo ba, dito sa Krus na Ligas, may tatlong taong pinatay.” Conversations like this about social issues – especially with and among ordinary people – are what Archie aims to encourage with his street art. On that day, he was not disappointed.
“Nakuha niya!” Archie exclaims, but not delighted that tokhang has entered our lexicon. A portmanteau of the Bisaya words toktok (knock) and hangyo (plead), it now easily conjures images of men barging into homes, summarily executing the suspected drug user or pusher. It is the latter who makes a plea. Only the poor die, and cries for justice for the slain husband, father, son, brother, uncle, or grandfather – someone's beloved – are easily drowned out by four syllables and a shrug: “Nanlaban, eh.”
“Nakuha niya!” Archie exclaims, because to him this confirms that the masses can, in fact, appreciate and understand his kind of art. “Hindi mo pwedeng sabihin na hindi nag-iisip yung mga masa. Nag-iisip talaga sila. Alam nila kung paano intindihin ang mga bagay,” he shares, his tone ever more emphatic.
The same deep respect for the common folk is palpable in the way he mounted his show at the Kanto Gallery, a solo exhibit called Tutuldok. He brings his art indoors this time, but as Karl Castro points out in his introduction, Makati Cinema Square is hardly the haunt of art patrons and critics. Instead it is a space for the working class, an old mall in the busy Pasong Tamo district – home to several stalls of ukay-ukay, a few gadget repair stores, a thrift bookshop, a Jollibee.
Inside Kanto are seven paintings, a deceptively small collection. But each piece is almost too much to take in, and will draw a sigh, a gasp, if not tears, once one realizes what it is about.
The artworks were arranged Baroque-style. Every painting on one side has a counterpart on the other, the choice of colors, panel size, and painting style and composition lending a sense of balance, and their symmetry betraying the chaos and madness in the milieu being portrayed.
In the first piece, Archie shows the cuffed hands of someone begging for life. Facing this is an image of the small assemblage of metal that becomes all-powerful, when held by men who want to play God. Fittingly, rays of light emanate from it.
On the left side of the main wall are two paintings set in the city. A part of the pavement, splattered with red. Beside it, a glimpse of a dark alley between rows of slum dwellings. To the right are scenes from the country. There are rice paddies and nipa huts (bahay kubo) at the foot of the hill, a scene that one could perhaps mistake for a relaxing pastoral view, until the eyes move to the next painting: a cluster of sugarcanes, some with blood-stained leaves. According to Archie, the bigger piece was inspired by the development aggression driving Aetas away from their homeland in Pampanga, and the smaller, by the struggle in Hacienda Luisita, where farmers and farmworkers had been killed in their fight for land reform.
In the middle is a piece that could pass for a wallpaper, with its bunch of roses, peonies, and stargazers flanked by ornate candelabra. But one looks up, sees the feet of Jesus nailed to the cross, and realizes that the flowers belong in a funeral. There is an epiphanic moment when experiencing each of Archie's works, and one cannot look at the painting the same way again.
If the inside of the gallery feels grim, the mural of carabaos in the hallway outside gives hope, and Archie was conscious in depicting them as strong, dynamic, and resolute – not just as the still and gentle beasts of burden most Filipinos know them to be.
The mastery of technique and composition shown in each of the artworks is noteworthy, but not surprising – Archie is a painting graduate of the UP College of Fine Arts who has won many competitions. Years of being a street artist have also instilled in him a remarkable command of his media: he opts for simple colors, and can finish a painting in three hours, using a small paintbrush to capture the most minute detail. In fact, he says that visual execution is the easiest part. “Yung magpinta ng subject, madali yun eh. Pero yung kung paano siya magkakaroon ng kurot, yun ang mahirap!” Archie shares animatedly.
Too, he is not keen on pursuing perfection: “Kapag naka-capture mo sa art yung mga imperfection, nagiging natural yung work mo eh… Kaysa yung, sobrang pulido ng lines, sobrang ganda ng vector, sobrang realistic. Parang minsan may detachment ka sa artwork at saka sa sarili mo rin.”
What takes up more of his time, instead, is conceptualization, to be able to leave a lasting impression: “Kasi sa street art di ba, pinakamatagal na yung 3 seconds na makita yung wall. Kasi dumadaan ka lang eh. So, ano yung idea na kayang mabaon ng tao sa loob ng 3 seconds? Kaya yung mga gawa ko, sobrang simplified na. Pero ang hirap talagang isipin, parang logo.”
How can artists depict violence among people who seem to have grown accustomed to it? How can they document the horrors of our times, and still tug at heartstrings? How can they inspire humanity to not look away, amid the continuing violence in the cities and the countryside? How can they speak of the unspeakable?
Archie Oclos understands the challenge, and that understanding informs his art. He invites us to look, and look we must.
Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (D-NH) on Thursday said women who are raped while serving in the military should be provided with abortion coverage like other federal employees.
She explained to Current TV host Joy Behar that women serving in the military do not have the same rights to reproductive services as civilians. Other Americans who receive health insurance from the federal government have the right to access affordable abortion care if they are sexually assaulted.
Shaheen said efforts over the past 20 years to address the issue had been unsuccessful.
“We hope this time people will understand that it's really not fair. It's not fair to the women who are in far parts of this world, who are on the battlefields of Afghanistan, serving far away from home. If they are the victims of a rape, they don't have access to a safe abortion, and that really needs to change.”
A provision included in the 2013 National Defense Authorization Act provides women in the military with the right to access affordable abortion care. A similar amendment to the defense bill was blocked last year.
Watch video, courtesy of Current TV, below:
Chuck Todd had nothing but bad news for John McCain on "Morning Joe" today. "Lets get realistic," he said, before adding Colorado, Virginia, and Florida to Barack Obama's column. Other battleground states Todd rated as "pure tossups," but then he added, "So what? If Obama is up in these three, and you're hearing very negative comments come out of the McCain campaign about Colorado, Virginia ... and then there's Florida, which has really slipped away from McCain."
"There is no ground game," Joe Scarborough responded. Todd agreed, adding that Democrats were already doing better in early voting, based on ballot requests. "The ground game, it is just absent from the McCain campaign ... At this point, the only state that I feel good about for McCain is Ohio." He posited that McCain could win that state but lose the election, which would be "very frustrating to Republicans."
JIM NANTZ REMEMBERS 25 TOP MOMENTS IN 25 YEARS WITH CBS SPORTS
CBS Sports culminates its coverage of the 2009-10 NFL season with SUPER BOWL XLIV on Sunday, Feb. 7 (6:28 PM, ET kick-off) from Sun Life Stadium in Miami, Fla., live on the CBS Television Network. Super Bowl XLIV will be the Network's 17th Super Bowl broadcast overall.
CBS Sports' Jim Nantz, 2008 Emmy Award winner for "Outstanding Sports Personality - Play-by-Play" and five time National Sportscaster of the Year (2009, 2008, 2007, 2005, 1998), calls the action, marking the second time in his illustrious 25-year CBS Sports broadcasting career that Nantz calls play-by-play for the Super Bowl. He called his first Super Bowl in 2007 and hosted the Network's Super Bowl pre-game show, THE SUPER BOWL TODAY, in 2001 and 2004.
Following is a list of Nantz's Top 25 memories of his career at CBS Sports:
1. April 12, 1992: Fred Couples, Jim Nantz' former college roommate at the University of Houston wins the Masters, and Nantz interviews him for the green jacket ceremony -- just as they had rehearsed in their dorm room back in 1979. "It's a perfect fit!... Fred Couples... Masters champion," Nantz said that day in Butler Cabin. Reflecting back, Nantz says: "I cannot imagine ever witnessing a moment that will touch me more deeply than this perfect fulfillment of a glorious dream that was shared by intimate friends for so many years."
2. April 13, 1986: 46-year-old Jack Nicklaus wins his historic sixth green jacket with a final round 65 (including a back nine 30) to become the oldest man to win the Masters -- and increase his record of major victories to 18. Nicklaus' birdie on 16 elicited Nantz's famous summation: "The Bear has come out of hibernation!" About calling his first Masters at age 26, Nantz comments: "As much as I'd like to think that I had always been preparing myself for that moment, I must confess that I was so nervous my teeth were chattering involuntarily. I was worried that the noise emanating from my clicking molars would be picked up by my open microphone."
3. January 21, 2007: Peyton Manning and the Colts register the greatest comeback in NFL championship game history by overcoming a 21-3 halftime deficit in the final minute against their playoff nemesis, the New England Patriots. The 38-34 victory put Indianapolis into Super Bowl XLI against Chicago.
4. April 1, 1991: Mike Krzyzewski wins his first NCAA championship as Duke, having defeated unbeaten UNLV in the national semifinals, overcomes Kansas in the title game highlighted by a memorable Grant Hill dunk shot.
5. 1992, 1994, 1998 Winter Olympic Games: Hosting on weekends (Albertville, France; Lillehammer, Norway) and prime-time (Nagano, Japan) with a myriad of storylines from the Tonya Harding/Nancy Kerrigan showdown to Dan Jansen's redemption to Alberto Tomba's triumphs and the glorious pageantry of the opening and closing ceremonies.
6. April 13, 1997: Tiger Woods, 21 years and 104 days old, wins the Masters, his first major championship, by 12 strokes over Tom Kite. Woods' four-day total of -18 (270) was a record low score at Augusta. He's the first man of African or Asian descent -- and the youngest -- to win the Masters. Nantz's summation call at 18: "A win for the ages!"
7. February 4, 2007: The Colts defeat the Bears in Super Bowl XVI. Chicago's Devin Hester becomes the first player in Super Bowl history to return the opening kickoff for a touchdown. Nantz recalls: "Two things raced through my mind as Hester wove his way down the field. One of my broadcasting heroes, Jack Whitaker, had counseled me earlier in the week: ‘Just be prepared for the opening kickoff, Jimmy.' Then, I flashed back to the first NFL play I ever witnessed - my dad and I were standing in a smoky aisle in old Tulane Stadium in 1967, when John Gilliam ran back the opening kickoff of the first game in New Orleans Saints' franchise history. So there was a sense of ‘perfect symmetry' to my first Super Bowl play-by-play call."
8. April 11, 2004: Phil Mickelson claims his first-ever major championship and Masters green jacket by firing a final-round 69 to get the best of a compelling back-nine shootout with Ernie Els. As Mickelson birdied the final hole for his breakthrough victory, Nantz captured the end of Lefty's frustration with the call: "Is it his time? Yes, at long last!"
9. February 1, 2004: Jim Nantz hosted THE SUPER BOWL TODAY, leading up to Super Bowl XXXVIII in his adopted hometown of Houston. He also created and hosted the first-ever Super Bowl Opening Ceremony: "A Houston Salute" on the Monday night before. Nantz remembers: "Immediately after we signed off I raced to visit my dad, an Alzheimer's disease patient, who was in a nursing home 10 minutes from the stadium. His room was completely dark except for the flickering image of the TV from which my voice had been emanating all day - but I will never know if he was able to recognize that it was his son."
10. April 7, 2008: Kansas comes back from nine points down with 2:12 left in regulation to tie the game when Mario Chalmers hit a rainbow three with 2.1 seconds remaining. The Jayhawks went on to beat Memphis in overtime to win the NCAA Basketball Championship. It was Nantz's last game with long-time partner, Billy Packer (at whose insistence that was not publicly revealed at the time in order not to "overshadow the players or the game").
11. December 19, 1992: Marshall University soccer player Willy Merrick is pressed into emergency placekicking duty when his brother, David, the Thundering Herd's regular kicker is suspended on the eve of the national championship game for violating team rules. In his first college football game, Merrick kicks a dramatic 22-yard FG to beat Youngstown State for the Division I-AA title - 22 years after a plane crash killed the 1970 Marshall football team.
12. August 16, 2009: Y.E. Yang of South Korea outduels Tiger Woods in the final round of the PGA Championship at Hazeltine to become the first Asian-born golfer to win a men's major title. It was also the first time that Woods failed to win a major that he had led after 54 holes.
13. April 5, 1993: Dean Smith wins his final NCAA championship as Michigan's Chris Webber called a timeout in the closing seconds - after the Wolverines had exhausted all of their available timeouts. This gaffe resulted in a technical foul.
14. April 14, 1996: Nick Faldo wins his third Masters as Greg Norman inexplicably squanders a six-shot lead in the final round.
15. August 19, 1991: 25-year-old PGA Tour rookie John Daly, the ninth alternate, not only made it into the PGA Championship at the last minute, he stunned the golf world with mammoth drives that tamed the long and difficult Crooked Stick (Indiana) course leading to an improbable major victory.
16. September 6, 1998: Following an absence of 1,687 days, Jim Nantz, hosting THE NFL TODAY, welcomes the NFL back to CBS with a tribute to the many legends who had been a part of THE NFL ON CBS's coverage dating back to 1956.
17. June 2, 2002: Ken Venturi exits the stage at the Kemper Open after 35 years with CBS. A tearful day of goodbyes to the longest-running lead analyst in network history ends with a tribute set to "My Way," sung by Venturi's close friend, Frank Sinatra. Nantz told his broadcast partner of 17 years: "You won't be in that chair any longer, but as long as I'm here, you'll be my side.''
18. October 27, 1990: Notre Dame defeats Miami, 29-20, to conclude the most heated rivalry of the decade. Raghib (Rocket) Ismail had a 94-yard kickoff return for a Fighting Irish touchdown.
19. April 9, 1995: An emotional Ben Crenshaw, nearing the end of his competitive days, wins his second Masters just days after his long-time teacher and mentor Harvey Penick is laid to rest.
20. December 9, 1989: Navy defeats Army on Frank Schenk's FG with 11 seconds remaining. "It was a classic college football game," Nantz says. "But more than that was the remarkable 'purity of sport' among these athletes who weren't going on to the NFL; they were going into harm's way to defend their country." After the game-winning kick, a Midshipman's hat, tossed in jubilation, flew into the CBS broadcast booth at the Meadowlands. "Midshipman Mackowitz, if you're out there, I now have your hat," Nantz said on the air.
21. August 17, 1997: Davis Love III captures the 1997 PGA Championship at Winged Foot. As he lined up his final putt, a spectacular rainbow appeared. Director Steve Milton had cameraman Davey Finch shoot it so that the cup became the "pot of gold" at the end of the rainbow.
22. March 31, 1997: Lute Olson's Arizona Wildcats win a "Cat fight" in overtime against Rick Pitino's heavily favored Kentucky Wildcats. Arizona became the only team to defeat three number-one seeds en route to a national title.
23. April 8, 2007: JIM NANTZ REMEMBERS AUGUST: THE 1960 MASTERS -- For the first time, a sporting event that originally aired live in black-and-white was rebroadcast in color, as a result of more than 10,000 man-hours of labor and new digital technology. "Just as I hoped that the current generation of golfers and fans would finally see what Arnold Palmer and Kenny [Venturi, who lost to Palmer by a stroke] were all about in their prime," Nantz notes, "I also hoped hearing Jim McKay once more in all his glory might touch others, just as his words and delivery had once touched me."
24. August 5, 2001: Tom Pernice, Jr. wins The International. After the winning putt, his blind six-year-old daughter Brooke ran her fingers over her father's face to determine how big his smile was.
25. Jim Nantz's CBS debut on September 14, 1985: Brent Musburger, live at Michigan Stadium (for Notre Dame @ Michigan), introduces the 26-year-old Nantz (in the New York studio with Pat Haden for THE PRUDENTIAL COLLEGE FOOTBALL REPORT) to the CBS Television Network audience. Nantz recalls: "My pulse was racing in high gear; I had never encountered such a flash of tongue-tying anxiety before -- not even during Mr. Applegate's public-speaking class back in high school."
* * * * *
CBS Sports Contacts: At Super Bowl XLIV - Ft. Lauderdale/Broward County Convention Center - 954/468-4506
George W. Bush looked into the TV camera, Tuesday morning [July 15] and tried to assuage the fears of about 300 million Americans who believed they were in the middle of a Recession.
"The economy is growing," said the President. "Productivity is high," he told us. "Trade's up. People are working," he said. In the Bush White House, the "R Word" is just a myth. Of course, the man who once wanted to be known as the Compassionate Conservative did say he knew "It's been a difficult time for many American families."
"Difficult" doesn't even begin to describe what has happened to Americans the past seven years.
Within hours of the President's speech, a less optimistic Ben Bernanke, chair of the Federal Reserve, told the Senate Banking Committee that inflation is high and "seems likely to move temporarily higher in the near term." In sworn testimony, he told the senators that "Many financial markets and institutions remain under considerable stress, in part because of the outlook for the economy and thus for credit quality, remains uncertain." Market Watch reports that over the past year, "inflation at the wholesale level gained 9.2%-- the largest year-over-year gain since June 1981."
On the day that the President assuaged and the Federal Reserve chairman testified, General Motors announced it would freeze job hirings in several areas, lay off salaried workers, suspend shareholder dividends, and borrow up to $3 billion. Six weeks earlier, GM announced it was closing four plants; on the day the President spoke, GM announced four more plant closings. The nation's largest corporation, which saw a 16 percent sales decline in the first half of the year, announced that it was giving retired workers a slight pension increase but was cutting health care benefits.
About 8.5 million Americans actively seeking work are unemployed, an increase of about 21.4 percent over one year ago, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). The unemployment rate of 5.5 percent is up from 4.6 percent a year ago. More important, about 1.5 million of the 8.5 million unemployed have been unemployed at least six months, a 37 percent increase over the past year, according to the BLS. Not included in the numbers are the "1.6 million people who are 'marginally attached' to the workforce, who had looked for work in the previous 12 months, but not in the last month," according to Andre Damon of Global Research. Damon also reports that the BLS data does not include about 420,000 "'discouraged workers', who had given up looking for work because they think that there is no work available."
Work is available in dozens of other countries, where American companies seeking to "maximize the bottom line" have been outsourcing jobs for years. About 14 million American jobs are going to be outsourced in the next four years, according to a report issued by the University of California at Berkeley. Short-sighted and greedy, these CEOs and their boards believe child labor and wages that can dip below $1 an hour is just another acceptable business practice. The "Made in America" label is now becoming as extinct as corporate morality.
Americans who have been using credit cards to survive the Recession and have now reached their credit limit can raise their limit or sometimes reduce their payments or rate. All they have to do is call a credit card agency's toll-free number, which is answered by someone at a call center in India. Those same call centers are also telemarketing Americans to get into even more debt by getting credit cards.
In a true "global economy," as many now euphemistically refer to outsourcing, persons having trouble with their computers assembled from parts made in Mexico and several Asian countries can now call technicians in India for assistance.
Book and magazine publishers have been outsourcing art, design, editing, and printing overseas. Even newspapers have figured out how to cut even more costs while driving up profits. The Orange County (Calif.) Register, which laid off 90 persons in 2007, outsourced copyediting and page design to journalists in India. The Modesto (Calif.) Bee and Sacramento Bee have outsourced most of their advertising design departments to India.
For Americans who have jobs, getting to them is more expensive. It makes no difference if the worker drives or takes public transportation, the rising cost of oil has pushed Americans into a crisis. Gas prices rose more than 25 percent in the past year, to more than $4 by July 1; diesel prices are up more than 30 percent to more than $5. The higher fuel costs affect almost every service and industry from home heating to food production and road repair.
Flushed with an inflated housing boom, banks and mortgage companies had begun issuing mortgages, usually with excessive fees and high interest rates, to just about anyone with a pulse. The weaker the credit rating, the higher the fees and interest. Even if the economy was healthy, there would have been several hundred thousand defaults. By the end of 2007, about 2.5 million mortgages were in default, almost 40 percent higher than one year earlier. Attached to the problem is that many new homeowners bought houses at inflated prices, assured by lending companies that housing prices would continue to rise, are making monthly payments that put them at financial risk, and are now watching the value of their houses decline.
Foreclosures and the Recession have driven down housing prices throughout the country. In 20 major American cities, house prices declined about 15 percent, according to the Case-Shiller index of housing prices. Prices declined by 25 percent in Las Vegas, Miami, and Phoenix, according to Case-Shiller. In California, the median price of houses declined by 35 percent over last year, according to the California Association of Realtors.
Monday morning, the day before the President's speech, hundreds of Americans stood in line at the 33 Southern California branches of IndyMac Bank, now renamed Indymac Federal Bank, to withdraw what they hoped was all of their money. Over 11 days, customers had withdrawn about $1.3 billion, amid rumors that the bank was failing. The previous Friday, federal regulators seized the bank, once one of the nation's largest mortgage lenders. Last year, the bank lost $615 million; the books bled red another $184 million the first three months of this year. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.(FDIC) guarantees each individual account to $100,000, joint accounts to $200,000, and retirement accounts to $250,000. Those with less knew they would get all of their money. For those with more, some were just hoping to recover 50 cents on the dollar. The cost to the FDIC is expected to be $4-8 billion. IndyMac was the fifth bank to fail in the previous six months.
Also failing were the Federal National Mortgage Association (better known as Fannie Mae) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. (better known as Freddie Mac). The quasi-governmental agencies either own the loans or guarantee loans for almost half of the nation's $11 trillion in mortgages. But, with more homeowners buying houses they couldn't afford and now being subjected to rising costs in almost every area, combined with higher unemployment, both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac faced collapse, their stock value freefalling about 90 percent in the past year. To keep the two agencies from failing, which would undoubtedly throw the nation into a deeper Recession that could dive into a Depression, the Federal Reserve announced it would issue low-cost loans of up to $15 billion.
While 15 billion taxpayer dollars may seem significant, it is only about 9 percent of the $168 billion Congress appropriated for the war this year. President Bush, Vice-President Cheney, and their advisors were vigorous in demanding the U.S. go to war in Iraq and vigorous in demanding massive funding for that war, which may now cost more than $1 trillion.
President Bush did acknowledge that the economy wasn't "as good as we'd like, and to the extent that we'll find weaknesses, we'll move." As domestic problems piled up the past few years, much caused by a diversion of the budget and assets to Iraq, it seemed that the Bush-Cheney Administration moved on domestic policies at the speed of a glacier.
Not receiving much help are the 47 million Americans who don't have medical insurance, mostly because they can't afford the premiums, and the 3.5 million homeless, most of whom once had homes and jobs but are now living in their cars or makeshift shelters. About one-fourth of the homeless are veterans; slightly more than one-third of the homeless are children.
In 1992, Bill Clinton and Al Gore campaigned against President George H.W. Bush on the slogan, "It's the economy, Stupid." The politics of that election came down to asking Americans if they were better off under that President Bush after four years than they were when his presidency began. Four presidential terms later, after eight years of a rising economy under President Clinton, it's the economy--not the war, the attack upon civil liberties, the destruction of the environment, or any of a few dozen other destructive policies--that may be what finally scuttles this Bush's legacy.
_______
About author Walter Brasch's latest book is Walter Brasch's latest book is Before the First Snow , literary historical fiction that explores the counterculture between 1964 and 1991. The book, to be published June 20, is available at amazon.com . Also check out this video book trailer
Activist artist Molly Crabapple's new series of paintings titled "Shell Game" at Smart Clothes Gallery in New York portray a darkly humorous year in cartoonish figures.
Her canvases tackle global turmoil in 2011, including the rise of Occupy Wall Street, Anonymous hackers, the health insurance crisis, the Tunisian Revolution, protests in Greece, and the Spanish M15 movement.
While "Shell Game" bursts with depictions of corruption and violence, for Crabapple, the past few years have been a mix of birth amid destruction. "Yes, it was awful, but it was also magic, she told Wired in an interview. "It was the magic of people speaking to each other, waking up, helping each other. For every person beaten up, everyone arrested, it was also a year of fierce aliveness."
Like Hannah Hoch's politically-charged Dadaist collages or Frida Kahlo's symbolic works, in Crabapple's paintings a political message emerges from the visual chaos.
As Occupy Wall Street unfolded right outside her window, Crabapple sketched posters for the movement in real time. "Shell Game" began as a Kickstarter project. It's worth noting that her paintings about the power of a united crowd would not have been possible without crowdsourcing.
"Shell Game" will be on view April 14 - 23 at Smart Clothes Gallery in New York.
A university registrar who offered forged degrees to two women in return for spanking sessions has been given a suspended jail sentence.
Bristol Crown Court heard that Karl Woodgett filmed himself caning the women at a Bristol hotel.
The 37-year-old, of Ewell Minnis, Kent, worked at the University of Bath at the time of the offences.
He was given a nine-month sentence suspended for a year after admitting conspiracy to make fake degrees.
'Pain management'
Woodgett was also ordered to undertake 200 hours of community service.
The court heard that Woodgett, who originally lived in Frome, Somerset, had at first paid Cameroonians Elsie Neh and Mbone Kemba to be spanked under the pretence that he was conducting a "pain management" study.
He later offered fake university qualifications in return.
The scam was uncovered by a UK Border Agency investigation.
Woodgett also pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of articles for use in fraud.
His ex-wife, Delphine Kah, 31, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to make fake degrees.
The court heard Kah, of London, and Woodgett both forged bachelor and masters degrees for Kah and members of her family when he worked as a university registrar for the University of Surrey.
Kah, who is also Cameroonian, was sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for 12 months, and 200 hours of community service.
Bloomberg Law: Privacy & Data Security brings you single-source access to the expertise of Bloomberg Law's privacy and data security editorial team, contributing practitioners,...
By Stephen Gardner
The European Union and Japan have announced they are aiming to officially approve in early 2018 each other's privacy regimes as being adequate to protect the privacy of personal data.
A mutual adequacy finding would be a boon to Japan-based companies as Toyota Motor Corp. and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp. because an EU privacy adequacy approval allows companies in non-EU countries to more easily transfer personal data from the EU. It would also help EU companies doing business in Japan to more easily transfer personal data from Japan.
EU Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova and Japan's Data Protection Commissioner Haruhi Kumazawa issued a joint statement July 4, saying the process is underway to allow a final adequacy ruling in early 2018. The reform of the EU's privacy regime through the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and recent amendments to Japan's Personal Information Protection Act, have “increased the convergence” of their privacy protection laws, they said.
A “simultaneous finding of an adequate level of protection by both sides” would “facilitate smooth and mutual data flows,” the officials, who met in Brussels July 3, said.
Michio Moriwaki, digital innovation policy manager at the Japan Business Council in Europe, told Bloomberg BNA July 5 that, in general, such an adequacy decision would be “very good news.” But companies must await the details of any official adequacy determinations to be able to fully judge the situation, Moriwaki said. The Japan Business Council in Europe represents “almost 80 multinational companies of Japanese parentage operating in Europe,” according to the group's website.
Updated Privacy Regimes
The EU GDPR was finalized in late 2015 and takes full effect May 25, 2018. The amendments to the Japanese privacy law went into effect May 30.
Both laws include:
a distinction between sensitive and nonsensitive data, with tighter processing rules for sensitive data;
requirements that companies appoint data protection officers;
data breach notification obligations; and
limitations on international data transfers.
The European Commission, the EU's executive arm, may adopt adequacy decisions after getting approval from a regulatory committee and input from the Article 29 Working Party of EU privacy officials from the 28 EU countries.
The EU has so far adopted adequacy decisions for only a handful of countries: Andorra, Argentina, Canada, the Faroe Islands, Guernsey, Israel, the Isle of Man, Jersey, New Zealand, Switzerland, and Uruguay.
An EU official working with Jourova, who asked not to be identified by name, told Bloomberg BNA July 5 that the EU-Japan privacy adequacy talks are “going well” but are in early stages, so no further details are available.
The EU doesn't recognize the U.S. as having an adequate privacy regime. However, it has said certain specific agreements—such as the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework to allow certain corporate data transfers to the U.S. and the U.S.-EU agreement to let law enforcement agencies share airline traveler information—are adequate.
To contact the reporter on this story: Stephen Gardner in Brussels at correspondents@bna.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Donald G. Aplin at daplin@bna.com
Copyright © 2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Fairfax, Va.— On behalf of its five-million members, the National Rifle Association's Institute for Legislative Action (NRA-ILA) today applauded the introduction of S. 446, The Constitutional Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act of 2017, sponsored by Senator John Cornyn (TX).
“The current patchwork of state and local gun laws is confusing and can cause the most conscientious and law-abiding gun owner to run afoul of the law when they are traveling or temporarily living away from home,” said Chris W. Cox, executive director of the NRA-ILA. “Senator Cornyn's legislation provides a much-needed solution to a real problem for law-abiding gun owners.”
S. 446 would eliminate the confusing patchwork of state carry laws by allowing individuals who possess concealed carry permits from their home state or who are not prohibited from carrying concealed in their home state to exercise those rights in any other state that does not prohibit concealed carry.
This legislation would not override state laws governing the time, place or manner of carriage or establish national standards for concealed carry. Individual state gun laws would still be respected. If under federal law a person is prohibited from carrying a firearm, they will continue to be prohibited from doing so under this bill.
“Law-abiding citizens should be able to exercise their fundamental right to self-defense while traveling across state lines,” continued Cox. “We thank Senator Cornyn for his leadership on this important issue.”
Concealed Carry Facts:
Every state in our nation recognizes the right of residents to lawfully carry a concealed handgun in public for self-defense – a right that more than 15 million Americans now exercise.
America's experience with concealed carry demonstrates that the repeated anti-gun claim that concealed carry increases violence is factually incorrect. The available evidence shows that concealed carry licensees are exceptionally law- abiding.
National reciprocity is already a reality in the 22 states that recognize all others concealed carry licenses or allow law-abiding non-residents to carry a firearm without a license.
Only ten states still refuse to grant full faith and credit to the permits of other states, forcing lawful concealed carriers to surrender their rights when traveling through these jurisdictions. The consequence is obvious, as otherwise law-abiding citizens – including veterans, a single mother, a disaster response worker, a nurse and medical school student, and even a corrections officer – have become accidental criminals and suffered seizure of property, arrest, detention, and even prosecution because they failed to navigate the legal minefield that is the current state reciprocity system.
The bill recognizes the diversity of state concealed carry laws by making each person subject to the concealed carry laws of the state where they are present, including certain places off-limits to firearms and laws governing the defensive use of force. It merely allows out-of-state permittees to concealed carry the same way in-state residents already do.
Countries by birth rate, 2017.
This article includes three versions of the list of countries by crude birth rate.
Methodology [ edit ]
Crude birth rate refers to the number of births over a given period divided by the person-years lived by the population over that period.
It is expressed as number of births per 1,000 population. The first list is based on the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) "2011 annual statistics".
Lists 236 countries and territories in 2011 crude birth rate.
The second list is based on World Bank Data for the year 2016.[1]
The third list is based on CIA World Factbook estimates for years 2013 and 2014.[2] Dependent territories and not fully recognized states are not ranked.
List [ edit ]
No data for Christmas Island (Australia), Cocos (Keeling) Islands (Australia), Norfolk Island (Australia), Svalbard (Norway) and Vatican City.
References [ edit ]
A newly discovered fossil of an early ray-finned fish, named Saurichthys curionii, from the Middle Triassic of Switzerland reveals a previously unknown mechanism of axial skeleton elongation.
The extreme elongation of body axis occurred in one of two ways: through the elongation of the individual vertebrae of the vertebral column; or through the development of additional vertebrae and associated muscle segments.
Unlike other known fish with elongate bodies, the vertebral column of Saurichthys does not have one vertebral arch per myomeric segment, but two, which is unique. This resulted in an elongation of the body and gave it an overall elongate appearance.
“This evolutionary pattern for body elongation is new,” said Dr Erin Maxwell from the University of Zurich, lead author of the paper published in Nature Communications.
“Previously, we only knew about an increase in the number of vertebrae and muscle segments or the elongation of the individual vertebrae.”
According to Dr Maxwell and his colleagues, Saurichthys was certainly not as flexible as today's eels and, unlike modern oceanic fishes such as tuna, was probably unable to swim for long distances at high speed.
Based upon its appearance and lifestyle, the roughly half-meter-long fish is most comparable to the garfish or needlefish that exist today.
______
Bibliographic information: Erin E. Maxwell et al. 2013. Exceptional fossil preservation demonstrates a new mode of axial skeleton elongation in early ray-finned fishes. Nature Communications 4, article number: 2570; doi: 10.1038/ncomms3570
Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont raised more than $42 million during February, his campaign said on Tuesday.
More than $6 million of that money was raised on Monday, the last day of the month, when the campaign issued a push for donations with the goal of bringing February's total to $40 million. The campaign did not release the amount it had on hand at the end of the month.
The funds raised in February came from 1.4 million individual contributors who donated an average of $30 each, according to the campaign, which drew a contrast with what it called the wealthier donors supporting Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination.
“Working Americans chipping in a few dollars every week are changing the way campaigns in our country are financed,” Jeff Weaver, Mr. Sanders's campaign manager, said in a statement issued after midnight. “Not only are we going to smash Secretary Clinton's personal goal of raising $50 million in the first quarter of 2016, our supporters are putting Bernie on the path to win the nomination.”
Mr. Weaver added that Mr. Sanders's supporters are “a firewall protecting Bernie from the Clinton campaign's wealthiest donors and super PACs.”
Anything of value needs to from time to time, be uncovered, used and protected as and when the need occurs. Sanskrit is one such civilizational treasure which today stands at a unique crossroads not unknown in our puranic history.
Many today believe that Sanskrit should be our national language. Like anything of value, Sanskrit's mass production as a national language comes with equal advantages and disadvantages. The advantages are those to the nation, while the disadvantages are quite ironically to the language itself. We need to weigh both impartially while discussing this language's potential as a national language.
A few advantages are –
1.) Sanskrit as a spoken language exercises the brain. Take an otherwise mundane English statement –
You know what…I got go to work on a Saturday this month! This is getting on my nerves man! I mean I do have a life other than my work place don't I?'
In plainly stated Sanskrit –
‘जानासि किं…मासे अस्मिन् एकस्मिन् शनिवासरेअपि कार्यालयं मे गन्तव्यं! न शक्नोमीदं सहितुं | कार्यालयात् मे अन्यं अस्ति जीवनं |'
Now if I want to make it nice and dramatic –
जानासि किं ? मासे अस्मिन् एकस्मिन् शनिवासरेअपि गन्तव्यं मे कार्यालयं ! अशक्तो मे भविष्यति सहनमिदं कर्तुं ! अन्यं मे कार्यालयात्, जीवनंच मे न स्यात्?
If I want to reduce the number of words I am using –
जानासि किं ? मासे-अस्मिन्नेकस्मिन् शनिवासरेअपिगन्तव्यंमे कार्यालयं | अशक्तंमे सहनमिदम् | कार्यलयात् मे नास्त्यन्यंजीवनं ?
The sheer exercise I had to give my brain to come up with three of these options of which the third is rather dramatic (and needlessly so) gives us a glimpse of how much brain activity just went into a mundane sentence.
2.) India as a civilization could potentially blossom for the sheer amount of Sanskrit literature, Hindu religious works and the ability to preserve and memorize these would become a routine thing. We'd be quoting Krishna and Rama every day in the place of people like Nietzsche, Bernard Shaw and other assorted foreigners who don't need a place in our collective conscience. This in turn would make India the only (potentially) culturally Dharmic nation on Earth – which we are not even today despite being a Hindu majority.
3.) Science, law, society and administration are best understood in the Dharmic context. When we have the Mahabharata, we don't need any work of law, society or administration to follow. When we have the Ramayana, we don't need any other work on morals or legal ethics. The Constitution will be based on the Neetishastra and Bhagavad Gita. And when these collective ethics and consciences of the Dharmic scriptures guide our pursuit of science, we see how science can be put to better and more civilizationally fruitful uses. Moreover, inculcation of Sanskrit literature in the collective conscience of a Hindu nation will make the nation look up to positive role models such as Krishna, Shiva, Parashurama, etc.
a.) There won't be any deviation of morals. Pop-mythologists, communists, western feminists and liberals have no place in a society that follows the likes of Sita, Dasharatha and Hanuman. Such a society will naturally repel and automatically reject divisive anti-Hindu Mleccha forces no matter what colour and form the latter come in.
b.) Entertainment will become Dharmic. A demand for Sanskrit entertainment will revive the age old Sanskrit theatre long dead since the post-Gupta era.
While the above are but a few examples of what may happen, what we need to realize is that we become a better people. When Hanuman and Rama, or Krishna and Arjuna become names we use daily inside and outside our houses – we at a very subconscious level start valuing true friendships much better. When names like Sita, Vishwamithra and Jamadagni become everyday utterances, we subconsciously emulate values of abstinence from evil, simplicity, discipline and a Dharmic perseverance to achieve these. While many of us believe that Sanskrit for these reasons should have become a national language, let us see the flip side to all this.
What if a Christian missionary learns Sanskrit in a school and starts using it to twist and subvert actual Hindu scripture? As such, a good many missionaries in Tamil Nadu and Kerala are already going about preaching that Krishna and Shiva were Jesus and that Jesus created Yoga. What would happen if they had a free pass to learn Sanskrit as a mass-produced language?
Sanskrit at one time was indeed a national cultural language. Pray what happened to it? It diluted into today's regional tongues.
Whether one likes it or not, today's Indian languages can come nowhere close to Sanskrit's sheen and elevated stature and are all in fact great in themselves purely because of a Sanskrit based Dharmic Hindu backbone from which they were all born. Making it a national language will to a great extent bring about the following phenomena –
1.) Bad words and slangs will develop in Sanskrit – a natural problem of Kaliyuga considering how prone we are to cursing, swearing and hateful speech. Sanskrit's beauty lies in the satvic origins of its creators. If it weren't for their disciplined of tongue, it would be a dirty slur of a vernacular speech today not very different from any other language on Earth.
After all, even today, if someone tells us that they know a foreign language, we never ask them ‘So how does one praise the Great Vishnu in your language?' We always tend to ask something like – ‘So how does one say ‘your mother's a *****' ?‘
2.) Pop-mythologists and western cultural marauders will use it to create parallel scripture and if the average Hindu is not scripturally well-versed enough, he/she will fall for it
3.) Not all Hindus can be scriptural experts. Therefore, how will you tell the difference between a fake Sanskrit stotra and a real one? You cannot have an advisory Veda Paathashaala on every street of the country's towns, villages and cities. Therefore, what will you do now?
4.) The existing level of Arabic dilution will enter Sanskrit vocabulary and you'll have sentences with Arabic words in it alongside Sanskrit words, just the way Hindi today is. What will you do then?
5.) Sanskrit is a scriptural language. Do you really want to swear, curse, and speak impolitely in a language in which Brahma revealed the greatest sounds man has heard (it is said that every alphabet of Sanskrit is the name of Maha Vishnu Himself)? I think any Hindu with a conscience will never want this to happen.
6.) What if Bollywood hijacked the aforementioned Dharmic National Sanskrit theatre? They have the money to buy Sanskrit speaking experts to make their usual lewd anti-national movies – this time with Sanskrit in it. It will be the most unforgiveable taint to the language.
So what is the right way out? To me, the right way appears to be far simpler – tame the existing local languages and cleanse them off Islamist influences. Purify them, Sanskritize them and continue speaking them – a far more viable and feasible option which is doable at a household level, than a paradigm shift of reverting to a language that faced heavy dilution in the era of Panini himself. Sanskrit is our Mother. But the Indic languages of today are Her children. The children need to live in the Mother's image rather than trying to be Her. While Sanskrit likes an old sage will be the backbone of our social conscience, it will guide today's languages to their old greatness and their speakers to their real culture.
Let only the worthiest, most religious, most August, upright and Dharmic of men and women know Sanskrit for they alone will keep it safe from the Yuga's many evils. Let them alone pass it down to equally worthy men in succeeding generations and let the nation progress – right from where it left off. An age old nation with a renewed conscience, a renewed faith and a renewed cultural might.
यथा ते तत्र वर्तेरन् अथा ते अत्र वर्तेताः ||
– As did your forefathers live righteously before you, you must do the same today
– Taittirya Brahmana
Subject : Re: Update on GC performance (github version)
: From : Roberto Ierusalimschy <roberto@...>
: Roberto Ierusalimschy <roberto@...> Date: Tue, 28 Nov 2017 10:32:09 -0200
> This message is an update about a problem from last year [1] on the > performance of the following simple script > > -- collectgarbage("generational") > N = 2.0e7 > C = {} > for i=1,N do C[i] = i end > print(string.format("%.1f",collectgarbage("count"))) > for i=1,10*N do > local a = {1,2,3,4} > end > print(string.format("%.1f",collectgarbage("count"))) First, a small note: the last line in this script is not reliable. You are creating a lot of garbage there, with the collector freeing them at unknown points. A single "random" sample from that usage cannot give you much information. Either you get the memory usage frequently during the loop (e.g., every 1000 iterations) and keep the maximum, or you use an external way to measure the total memory used by the process. (Despite all this, your results were consistent with what I get using an external measure :-) > Someone versed in GC magics could discuss about the changes made from 5.2 > to github version of GC? I never fully undestood why the generational collector in 5.2 did not perform as I expected, but I had one suspect. I fixed that, and it improved a lot, so probably that is the explanation. But I still do not undestand why that problem would make such a big difference (see below). Anyway... The main change was the pace of aging. In Lua 5.2, any object that survived one GC cycle became old. The main advantage of this method is its simplicity. At the end of a GC, all objects are old, so the invariant that old objects should not point to new ones is trivially satisfied. The main disadvantage is that, at every collection, a few objects are doomed to survive, no matter how short are their lives. (Always at least one object is created "just before" the collection, and therefore it is still alive when the collection comes.) Therefore, the old generation keeps growing, and a full collection must be performed regularly, even if no real old objects are being created. The problem itself is not difficult to understand. However, even with this problem, those full collections would be much more spaced than in the incremental collector. So, I still do not understand why the generational in 5.2 did practically no difference in performance. In Lua 5.4, an object becomes old when it survives two GC cycles. So, even if an object is created just before a collection, it still must last a full GC cycle before becoming old. When the program is creating only short-lived objects, it can go forever without a full collection. However, this implementation is much more complex. As an example, consider that object A was created in cycle 1, B in cycle 2, and A points to B. Both are young, so everything is fine. Now, in the next collection, A becomes old, but B does not, so A(old) points to B(young). The collector must know about that. Similarly, if A(old) receives a reference to B(young), the collector puts A in a list to be traversed again. In 5.2, this list can be cleared at each collection (as all objects become old). In 5.3, the object A might be kept in this list for another cycle, because B can survive a collection and still be young. (The real details, both in 5.2 and 5.3, are more complex than that, but they are reasonably more complex in 5.3 than in 5.2.) -- Roberto
Good Friday alcohol prohibition could be lifted.
Publin has been told that a message has been circulated to Publicans this week stating that it is the understanding of the Licensed Vinteners Association that the minister for justice is set to make a decision on whether or not to lift the prohibition on selling alcohol on Good Friday. They seem to think that it's a real possibility.
The law is seen by publicans as archaic and a throwback to a time when the church had more influence over the day-to-day lives of citizens. Their chief concerns, however, are the impact it has upon tourism in the country, the loss in revenue to the exchequer, and the binge drinking engaged in by people at house parties on that day.
Fine Gael's Imelda Henry, a senator and a publican, had called for a change to the legislation earlier this year. She seemed to think that the only group opposed to lifting the prohibition might be the Catholic church and that it made sense to allow pubs to open on Good Friday.
Indeed, the Thursday before Good Friday is one of the busiest off license days of the year, along with St Patricks day and New Years eve.
The prohibition on selling alcohol on Good Friday means that there are only certain places where it is legal to obtain alcohol on that day. These loopholes include some sporting events, some clubs, intercity trains, and hotel residents bars.
A change of legislation on this matter would be a significant success for the Vintners, who waged a campaign against any further rises in excise duty through the ‘Support Your Local' campaign.
Sandra Pupatello, a former member of Premier Dalton McGuinty's cabinet, has all but jumped into the race to lead the Liberal Party, saying she would make the economy central to her campaign.
Ms. Pupatello's name has been mentioned frequently as a possible successor to Mr. McGuinty, who is retiring from politics after 16 years as Liberal Leader and nine as Premier. A major obstacle was removed when Finance Minister Dwight Duncan announced on Wednesday that he plans to follow his boss out the door. Mr. Duncan and Ms. Pupatello have been good friends since their teens.
With the minority Liberal government facing defeat in the next provincial election, she said, the focus needs to be returned to the province's financial situation.
Story continues below advertisement
"I worry that nobody wants to talk about the economy," Ms. Pupatello told The Globe and Mail on Wednesday. "I am in the business community, and I hear why people are worried."
Ms. Pupatello, who most recently represented Windsor West, spent 16 years in government. She has been director of business and global markets at PricewaterhouseCoopers during the past year, a particularly tumultuous time for the Liberals. This allows her to distance herself from the government's fight with doctors and teachers and scandals over the province's air ambulance service and two cancelled gas plants.
If she wins the leadership, she would follow Christy Clark of B.C., Alberta's Alison Redford, and Kathy Dunderdale of Newfoundland and Labrador as recent female premiers who took office between elections. But before deciding whether to make such a "monumental move," she said she has to be certain she is better than her potential leadership rivals.
"If I truly believed that any of my colleagues that are in there could do just as good a job, I don't need to do this," she said. "I don't need the title."
Ms. Pupatello, who turned 50 this month, was a member of Mr. McGuinty's cabinet from the time the Liberals came to power in 2003. She was first elected an MPP in 1995, and was renowned around Queen's Park for her strong personality and fashion sense – big hair, stilettos and oversized jewellery.
She is also remembered for her tenacity and highly partisan attacks on opposition members. Former cabinet colleague George Smitherman, who had a tumultuous relationship with Ms. Pupatello, most memorably over the Samsung green energy deal, said he respects her as a straight shooter.
"She's a warrior," Mr. Smitherman said in an interview. "We had some notable differences of opinion. ... But notwithstanding that there was some fierceness from time to time, I hold her in high regard."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Tony Dean, who was cabinet secretary and head of the Ontario Public Service during much of Ms. Pupatello's time in cabinet, described her as a team player and a "very credible" potential candidate.
While she comes from the "somewhat smaller world of Windsor politics," he said, she has wide experience provincially and could adjust to being back in "the larger pond" with the right campaign team.
John Snobelen, a former cabinet minister in the Progressive Conservative government, remembers all too well what it was like to come up against Ms. Pupatello when the Liberals were in opposition. He recalled that she "just peeled me" one day in Question Period, but later smiled and asked him how things were going. "She understands the theatre of politics," he said.
Ms. Pupatello was one of Mr. McGuinty's most reliable attack dogs. When Prime Minister Stephen Harper gave him short shrift at their first meeting in 2006, Mr. McGuinty had Ms. Pupatello seek out reporters to deliver a blistering attack on Mr. Harper.
"I just feel it's totally inappropriate to spend time backslapping with Tories in a very partisan fashion and then give the Ontario Legislature the bum's rush," she said at the time.
With Mr. Duncan out of the running, a high-profile group of backroom Liberals is lining up behind his fellow Windsorite, Ms. Pupatello.
Story continues below advertisement
Sources told The Globe on Wednesday that the people encouraging the former economic development minister to run – and prepared to back her candidacy – include Labatt executive and former Premier's Office staffer Charlie Angelakos, former national campaign manager Gordon Ashworth, and consultant/media personality Warren Kinsella.
Mr. Duncan said he would support Ms. Pupatello's candidacy, and she would have unfettered access to the Liberals' considerable Windsor organization. Perhaps more importantly, she could run as a relatively centre-right candidate against more left-leaning contenders such as Municipal Affairs Minister Kathleen Wynne or Health Minister Deb Matthews, both of whom are considering launching campaigns.
LSU running backs coach Frank Wilson knows as well as the whole of Tiger Nation that incoming freshman running back Leonard Fournette is going to play in 2014 - a lot.
One thing he isn't going to do is step in right away and be every bit as good as his hype from Day One. Wilson and the LSU staff have a mapped out path for Fournette, possibly the most heralded recruit in LSU history.
"When he gets here there will be a nurturing process," Wilson said prior to his appearance on the Tiger Tour stop in Baton Rouge. "He'll transition from being a high school student to a college student. His social life will change, and football will change for him. There's a process in place and we're going to take him through it step-by-step. We're not going to ask him to rush for 3,000 yards and do all these great things.
"He has lofty goals, which is a good thing. We want to help him attain all of them. For us, we'll go step-by-step to allow him to be everything he's intended to be at the right time he's supposed to be."
Considered by some to be the top overall recruit in the nation and the consensus top running back, Fournette is also stepping into a position of need for LSU. The Tigers lost leading rusher Jeremy Hill and senior Alfred Blue. Returning are seniors Kenny Hilliard and Terrence Magee to join with Fournette and another freshman Darrel Williams of John Ehret to give LSU a four-deep backfield for 2014.
Fournette is expected to get significant playing time if not start after rushing for 7,619 yards and 88 touchdowns in his career at St. Augustine.
"This summer is going to be huge for him," Wilson said. "He's going to learn the system, work hard. I expect him to do things in the weight room and from conditioning standpoint to put himself in position to compete for a starting job."
**************
Jim Kleinpeter can be reached at jkleinpeter@nola.com or 504.826.3405.
BIRMINGHAM, AL - The Birmingham Barons have announced that single game tickets for the 2017 season will go on sale at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, February 1st. Tickets will be available for purchase online by visiting Barons.com or by calling the Barons ticket office at 205-988-3200. The Barons will once again have 69 home dates at Regions Field in addition to the annual Rickwood Classic rounding out the 70-game home schedule.
Powered by TicketReturn, all tickets purchased online can be accessed by using an electronic device with internet capabilities. To purchase tickets, visit Barons.com and select your section/quantity. Upon proceeding to check-out, purchasers will be prompted to create a TicketReturn account (it is important to make your username and password so that it is easily remembered). Once the account is created and either the "Print-At-Home" or "Mobile Display" is selected as the delivery option, the tickets are saved to the account. On game day, simply go to TicketReturn.com on your device, login to your account, select "View Mobile Tickets" and walk up to the gates to have your phone scanned.
With TicketReturn there is no more waiting in line at the box office or will call windows. While the Print-At-Home option is still available, printed tickets can often be accidentally left or forgotten at home. With TicketReturn.com, this is no longer an issue. Even if the tickets have already been printed, fans can still access their tickets digitally through their mobile device in order to enter the stadium (once the digital ticket is scanned, the paper ticket becomes inactive).
When purchasing Barons tickets, fans can choose from three different reserved seating sections for the 2017 season. All single game ticket prices will remain the same for the fifth consecutive season at Regions Field. Dugout Premium seats are located behind the Barons dugout on the first base side. Tickets in the section are available for $14.00. Field Reserved seats are located behind home plate and the visiting dugout and are available for $12.00. Baseline Box seats, located on the first and third baselines are available for $9.00. General Admission adult tickets are available for $7.00. Children (12-years and younger), seniors (60 years and older) and members of the military receive $1.00 discounts on the listed prices for all reserved and general admission seats.
"We're excited for the season to begin, and we're hoping the fans are excited, as well," David Madison, Director of Ticket Operations, said. "We are offering flexible ticket packages this season to give fans the opportunity to see the Barons multiple times over the summer, and they are offered at affordable prices. To continue the affordable options, single game ticket prices will remain the same for the fifth year in a row."
Birmingham opens the 2017 season on Thursday, April 6th on the road against the Jackson Generals, Double-A affiliate of the Arizona Diamondbacks. The Barons open the home portion of their 2017 season at Regions Field on Wednesday, April 12th against the Montgomery Biscuits, Double-A affiliate of the Tampa Bay Rays, with first pitch set for 7:05 p.m. For ticket information, game schedule, promotions calendar or for additional information about Regions Field, call (205) 988-3200 or visit www.barons.com, www.facebook.com/birminghambarons or on Twitter: @bhambarons.
Coming Soon
THE STRANGER
Secrets, violence and a conspiracy send family man Adam Price on a desperate quest to uncover the truth about the people closest to him.
Cowboy Bebop
A ragtag crew of bounty hunters chases down the galaxy's most dangerous criminals. They'll save the world ... for the right price.
AJ and the Queen
RuPaul stars in this outrageous series as a down-on-her-luck drag queen traveling across America in a van with a tough-talking 11-year-old stowaway.
Unbelievable
After a teen reports being raped, then recants her story, two female detectives follow evidence that could reveal the truth. Based on a true story.
Ultraman
Years after Ultraman disappeared, Shinjiro learns of his connection to the legendary hero and dons the metallic ultra-suit to fight new aliens.
Mr. Iglesias
Stand-up phenom Gabriel Iglesias stars in this series as a good-natured high school history teacher who tries to help gifted misfit kids.
Klaus
Invisible Cities
While investigating a murder, a detective is drawn into a battle between the visible world and an underground realm inhabited by mythical creatures.
By Steve Kim
The last we saw of Danny Jacobs in the ring, he was stopping unbeaten Peter Quillin in less than one round on December 5th at the Barclay Center in Brooklyn, New York.
Jacobs holds the 'regular' version of the WBA middleweight crown and recently the president of the sanctioning body, Gilberto Mendoza, stated that if a fight between Saul Alvarez and Gennady 'GGG' Golovkin (who happens to hold the 'super' WBA title at 160) was not consummated for the fall, he would a order mandatory fight between Golovkin and Jacobs to establish a single WBA champion at the weight.
Well, last week Alvarez and Golden Boy Promotions vacated the WBC title and it looks like a fight between the two will not happen in the fall.
So if that's the case, is Jacobs ready to face Golovkin (35-0, 32KOs) next?
''I thought we would've had two really nice ones (fights) after the 'Kid Chocolate' bout and I would've had him primed up and ready for 'GGG', I have a special game plan,"said Rozier, who has faced Golovkin before as a trainer. When Curtis Stevens faced Golovkin in November of 2013 and was stopped in eight rounds, Rozier was in his corner.
Rozier continued - "It's the tools you have to work with in terms of each individual and Danny has the tools that are necessary to frustrate, antagonize and crush you out of nowhere in the ring. Those are the things we would have on display but it's hard to do that when you're not in there working."
Jacobs, who has a mark of 31-1 (28 KO's) could be returning to the ring on June 30th according to Rozier.
Steve Kim is the news editor for BoxingScene.com.
When Hugh Jackman retracts his claws for the last time in Logan, it marks the end* of his time with that character. Over the past 17 years, Jackman has prevailed as the king of comic book characters, staying in the role while we have seen the world cycle through Chris Evans as two different cornerstone Marvel characters, three Spider-Men, four Infinity Gems, five presidential terms, six movies revolving around The Baggins Family and a ring, and seven Scientology-approved girlfriends for Tom Cruise.
But during this streak, the X-Men movies have gotten sloppier with continuity than Don Cheadle introducing himself as Rhodey in Iron Man 2. There's been restarts, retcons, time travel, and an on-screen version of Deadpool so bad it took them seven years to fix it. The story is so out of whack, Thelma Schoonmaker herself couldn't make sense of it. And with three different extended universes or direct sequels in the works, an 'X-Force' television series and a continuity adjacent Legion currently airing on prestige television powerhouse FX, the supply chain shows no sign of stopping.
So it's up to us to make sense of what we have now. To do so, I first reflected on what I could remember from the series; I did some research, and then spent sleepless nights with a whiteboard and markers, corkboards and strings of thread. Finally, I strapped in for the 19 hours of viewing required and made sense of the order I had found.
I present to you my notes. They are varied and often nonsensical, but I've made about as much sense out of them as Bryan Singer has made out of this universe for me.
There had already been plenty of doubles associated with Hassan Whiteside on Tuesday night.
Double-digit points in each half. Double-digit defensive rebounds, 10 of the 14 rebounds in all. Double-digit blocks by the end of the third quarter, including two on two different possessions. The double-digit lead that the Timberwolves built, on their way to a 103-91 victory in Miami, as they fouled Whiteside intentionally, and then — after he missed 3 of 4 — compelled coach Erik Spoelstra to take him out.
And then, after an evening that illustrated his importance while identifying an area to continue addressing, the 26-year-old center said something that made you do a double take.
And made you double-check.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
“What's this, my 73rd game in the NBA?” Whiteside said. “I ain't fully completed a season yet. So I'm still learning.”
It was actually his 77th, 58 with Miami, the first 19 with Thursday's Heat opponent, the Sacramento Kings. Still, that's a remarkably light allotment. And he's right. He hasn't completed a full season yet, not a full one by NBA standards, not if you compile all of his appearances dating back to his first two minutes on Oct. 10, 2010.
He is, by that measure alone, still a rookie. A rookie who has averaged 9.7 points, 8.3 rebounds and 2.4 blocks in 20.2 minutes in those 77 NBA games — numbers juiced by the 15.3 points, 11.9 rebounds, 4.6 blocks and 29.9 minutes he's averaging in his first 10 starts this season. A rookie who might go from a minimum contract to a maximum contract in one offseason, which may be unprecedented.
But a rookie nonetheless.
That should be factored into all evaluation. Yes, there is a price for progress, for rising from novelty to necessity. That price is the inflation of expectations. So, sure, we will nitpick those foul-shot struggles (47.2 percent this season when he promised 75), bemoan the half-hearted screen-setting, and reject block-hunting if it comes at the expense of team defense.
Still, though, we shouldn't lose sight of Whiteside's evolution in many areas already. He's playing smarter, and nicer with officials, which has cut his foul rate from 4.1 to 2.5 per 36 minutes. That's keeping him on the court, and he's more consistently engaged when out there.
On Tuesday, his presence was an overwhelming plus. Consider that, in his 34 minutes, the Timberwolves shot just 32.9 percent, compared with 48.1 percent in the other 14, with a much lower ratio of points in the paint. His blocked shots weren't just for show, either. Not on this night. After watching tape of Hakeem Olajuwon, Dikembe Mutombo, David Robinson and Alonzo Mourning, he has endeavored to keep the ball inbounds, even if it means catching it, as long as that won't draw a goaltending call. But usually, as he said recently, “I'm just trying to smack them to my teammates and start the fast break.”
That's what he did Tuesday. Yes, he smacked short jumpers from Gorgui Dieng and Karl-Anthony Towns to the sideline. But six times, his blocks propelled transition chances for the Heat. Once, against the always-attacking Andrew Wiggins, Whiteside blocked the shot to himself. Another time, he left Deng to blow up a lob for Nemanja Bjelica. He had blocks as the helper. He had blocks as the primary defender, which is harder.
“I really wanted to let them know you're not gonna just come in this paint without meeting me,” Whiteside said of the Timberwolves.
He was friendlier to Minnesota when uncontested himself, at the line. But his free-throw foibles ranked roughly fourth among reasons why Miami lost, behind 22 team turnovers, a no-show from the reserves and off nights for Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh.
Yes, the Hack-A-San, on a pair of possessions, stunted Miami's rhythm as the Timberwolves' lead started to swell. But no, this wasn't a substantial enough sample size to say that every team will, or should, try this tactic, as many do with DeAndre Jordan and Andre Drummond, both worse from the stripe.
Whiteside's focus seems more an issue than his form, though he acknowledged he needs to hold his follow-through more, to replicate practice. Or, at least, come closer, since “in the games, you get hit in the face, you get smacked, you are getting scratched up,” and need to gather oneself.
But this is a guy who has been smacked plenty, figuratively, since trying to stick with Sacramento.
“This ain't the first time I faced something that didn't go my way, obviously,” Whiteside said. “I'm gonna stay positive like I always do. I'm not a perfect basketball player. It's not the end of the world.”
It's not. His play has been a net-positive through 10 games, even if he misses the net from 15 feet a few times.
“We want him on the court at all times,” Wade said.
That, more than anything, is what Tuesday showed. His missed shots didn't hurt as much as his missed time. On early season Whiteside, flaws and all, no one should have any problem doubling down.
A Florida teen was threatened on Twitter after she posted an “offensive” and “racist” photo to her profile. The teen took photos of her Nicki Minaj costume, which featured a skin-tight leopard leotard complete with blackface and a stuffed bottom. Twitter users claimed the photo was incredibly “racist” since the girl was seen wearing blackface.
As a result, users claimed to have sent letters to her high school administration along with admissions at the University of Florida, where the teen hoped to attend next year. The Twitter users promised to decrease her chances of getting into the university for her “racist” behavior. The teen, realizing the severity of the situation, deleted the photo before setting her profile to private. However, the damage had been done, with numerous screenshots of the “offensive” costume circulating the web.
The Daily Mail reports that a Florida teen is in hot water after donning an “offensive” costume to her school's homecoming. The Nicki Minaj Halloween costume was worn by the white student in blackface. The costume featured a leopard leotard with a stuffed fake buttock section. It seems that offense was not taken to the costume itself but rather the inclusion of blackface for the outfit. The white teen had painted her face and arms black in the photos, which went viral on Twitter shortly after being published.
After receiving numerous messages calling the costume offensive and racist, the teen who goes by the name @emmajohns129 on Twitter immediately removed the photos and apologized to the community.
“I sincerely apologize for my actions. I did not mean to offend anyone with my homecoming costume.”
However, the backlash continued, and the Twitter user eventually set her profile to private before deleting it altogether. Sadly for the teen, it seems the damage was already done, with many Twitter users claiming to have sent letters to not only her high school superintendent but also to the admissions department of the University of Florida, where she had hoped to attend next fall.
There is no word from the University of Florida admissions department or the high school's superintendent on whether the “insensitive” teen will be punished for her Halloween costume. However, the tweets to the university seem to be continuing to pour in despite the removal of the “offensive” photographs.
@UFAdmissions consider this blatant racism & ignorance when evaluating @emmajohns129 character as a potential gator pic.twitter.com/1i6boRRFuS — Savie. ☺️ (@_savannaBanana) October 27, 2015
@qmaccccc @benadryI @emmajohns129 already sent an email 😇 pic.twitter.com/YRmGVM5PEj — H2N (@heavsm) October 27, 2015
Have fun at school @emmajohns129 pic.twitter.com/78bEFTHuJl — ikran (@ikrann_x) October 27, 2015
The Florida teen isn't the only one making waves this year for “offensive” and “racist” Halloween costumes. An Alabama teacher apologized after an “error in judgment” during which he donned blackface for a Kanye West costume.
It isn't just costumes featuring blackface that are causing a stir this year. A school principal and her coach husband were attacked after they posted a picture of their “People of Walmart” costume, which seemed to mock welfare recipients. The husband wore a shirt that included the text “Baby's Dad,” while the female principal wore a white wife-beater as the pair had “food stamps” hanging from her pockets and mixed race baby dolls along with a sign that read “You wait on pay day, I am waiting for da first of da month!” The school responded to the costume by noting that the costumes were not worn to a school event but rather a private party. They went on to note that appropriate “disciplinary action” had been taken against the two but did not provide details on exactly what actions were taken against the pair.
What do you think about these “offensive” and “racist” Halloween costumes? Should a costume choice be able to ruin your chances of gaining admittance to a university or result in disciplinary action at work if the costume was worn outside of the business?
[Image via Twitter Screenshot @emmajohns129]
The (slightly filtered) dataset underlying this post has been released publicly on PsyArxiv. If you want me to do more analyses, please contact me any time. You can do them yourself, too, of course!
This is part 2. Re-read part 1 here.
I finally took the time to get into the data and do the first analyses for which I used the free R, a free software environment for statistical computing and graphics. First I removed outliers – people who indicated impossible hours played per week (cutoff at 112h) and missing data were the most commen exclusion criteria. This reduced my sample from 14250 to 14067 participants.
Who took the survey – some descriptives
From these I calculated the most played games. If a participant indicated more than one game I only evaluated the first mentioned game (because I asked to only specify one game).
The ten most played games were:
League of Legends ( 11564 )
) Starcraft 2 ( 337 )
) Counter Strike ( 280 )
) World of Warcraft ( 142 )
) Hearthstone ( 99 )
) Diablo 3 ( 84 )
) Dota 2 ( 42 )
) Heroes of the Storm ( 39 )
) Guild Wars ( 37 )
) Skyrim (36)
I grouped the rest into Other (405). Note that in the survey the “Game” filed was a free-text field, so everybody could spell their game however they liked. I only evaluated spellings of games which were given by at least two people to reduce workload (left me with 13055 participants). Also note that this uneven distribution of participants across games might make cross-game analyses difficult (we'll come to this later).
Is more playing predictive of less happiness? Global correlation analyses
Remember the three scales I employed. The Satisafaction With Life scale and Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7. A correlational analysis reveals how much the values in two or more data sets are varying together. The question is, to which extent can the variations in one dataset be explained by the variations in the other dataset?
I found out that the more hours you play, the less satisfied with your life you tend to be (r = -.13, p < .001)If you don't understand the numbers, trust my word or look at What do the numbers mean? at the end of the article. The relationship of “hours played” and social phobia is as I expected. People who play a lot of games are likely to be socially more isolated than people who don't. This is not exclusive to gaming but any hobby one pursues on their own taken to an extreme (like binge watching TV). More interestingly, a lot of time spent on gaming may be due to unhappiness in life in general. With such correlational analyses alone we are unable to make any causal conclusions at all. This means that I cannot say whether people play more because they are unhappy or are unhappy because they play more. To understand how correlation does not imply causation, have a look at these things that correlate although they have nothing to do with each other. Both might be the case, although I am inclined to believe that unsatisfactory life conditions might cause people to isolate themselves more and play more video games. To visualize correlations with many data points is unfortunately not easy. I tried it with hexbins. What you can see in the graph below is the number of people for various hours played (x-axis) plotted against their perceived Satisfaction With Life (y-axis). The participants are pooled into hexagons, the color of which gives information about how many people fall into this specifc hexagon.
Thankfully, a user on reddit made me aware that there is a better way to look at the data. I divided up participants according to the hours played scale into 10 equal groups of 11.2 hours. So the first group played between 0 and 11.2 hours, the second group played between 11.2 and 22.4 hours and so on. For each of these groups I calculated the average SWL score. What you can see in the graph below is, that there is a consistent downwards trend (see the smoothed trendline in red) across the whole sample. The more you play, the less satisfied you tend to be. Except for people who played more than 101 hours per week apparantly but I only had a few participants in this group and they are likely not quite representative of their group.
Now also interesting is the last scale: Generalized Anxiety Disorder 7. Generally by filling it out, you can score between 0 points (no GAD) and 21 points (severe GAD). Using the cutoff score of 10, the GAD‐7 has a sensitivity of 89% (11% of GAD patients are not diagnosed) and a specificity of 82% (18% of healthy participants are falsly diagnosed as having GAD) of detecting generalized anxiety disorder. This means it's fairly good at detecting GAD. I grouped my participants according to the cutoff score 10 in “GAD” and “no GAD” and found that people with GAD play 23.9 hours per week on average while people witout GAD play 20.7 hours per week. I find it a little bit concerning that over 20% of the people who filled out the survey fell into the GAD group. This is way more than I expected. But anxiety currently afflicts more than 20 million Americans, making it the most common mental illness in the US. If you are worried you might suffer from it, start with an internet self test.
On a lighter note, I also checked gamers of which game is the happiest and/or play the most. Note that the Satisfaction With Life scores only differ by about 10% in total, so the differences are rather small.
In the next blog post I will look into gender, work status and narcissism. A statistical comparison of games is almost impossible because of the participants being almost exclusively from the LoL community. I might have enough Starcraft 2 players for a comparison with League of Legends. I will see what I can do about that. Questions and Comments appreciated!
What do the numbers mean?
Example: “the more hours you play, the less satisfied with your life you tend to be (r = -.13, p < .001)”
The p-value is related to the concept of statistical significance which is a mathematical technique to measure the strength of evidence from a single study. Statistical significance is conventionally declared when the p-value is less than 0.05. The p-value is the probability of seeing a result as strong as observed or greater, under the null hypothesis (which is commonly the hypothesis that there is no effect). Thus, the smaller the p-value, the less consistent are the data with the null hypothesis under this measure. (see here)
The r-value is a correlation coefficient, an estimate of how big the relationship between two sets of data is. In the example above, we look at the relationship between “hours played” and “satisfaction with life.” With a correlational analysis we look at how much of the fluctuations in the one data set are similar to fluctuations in the other. The lowest r-value is 0 correspong to no correlation, a total correlation is 1 (or -1). So ist a r-value of .13 describing a meaningful relationship? To answer this we need to think about whether “hours” played” is the only thing that can influence life satisfaction. Definitely not. There are dozens of things which could influence life satisfaction, for example income, relationship status or health. So a 13% relationship seems pretty meaningful.
Posted by OrdainWomen on Sep 25, 2016 in Actions, Blog |
Lorie Winder Stromberg serves on the Ordain Women executive board as chair of the Long-term Planning Committee.
“There is something incredibly powerful about gathering.” -Debra Jenson, Ordain Women and Faithful Agitation
We are often asked why Ordain Women engages in public actions. Mormon women are not ordained to the priesthood, so they lack institutional authority and access to those leaders who have the responsibility to receive revelation on behalf of the Church. A number of us over the years sent personal letters to Church headquarters in order to raise the issue of gender equity and the need for greater inclusiveness. Our letters were routinely sent back to our stake or ward leaders, who, even when they were sympathetic, had no power to address or remedy Church-wide structural inequality. It became clear that public advocacy was one of the few options open to those of us who actively sought greater inclusiveness and other equitable changes in the LDS Church, including the ordination of women.
On a more personal level, “There is something incredibly powerful about gathering,” Ordain Women Executive Board member Debra Jenson recently explained to Debrief Society interviewer Stefeni. Several of those who participated in past Ordain Women actions echoed Debra's comment. “It was empowering to witness women claiming their relationship with Deity and standing at the gates to worship in full fellowship,” wrote one participant. “I feel like I was part of something important,” asserted another. Yet another said, “It was a very spiritual experience to sing together, walk together, and wait together in line. … I feel like I did the right thing standing up for what I believe—[for] what I want for me, my sisters in the gospel, my daughters, [and] my granddaughters …”
An Ordain Women supporter, who participated in a past action by proxy, similarly wrote, “I submitted my name … followed the event via Twitter and Facebook and was humbled and proud of the women and men there. I got an email last night from the sister who [carried] my name, and that had me in tears, knowing that I was there in some small way. Thousands of miles away across the ocean, my voice was being shared thanks to sisters I will probably never meet. … I felt linked in a small but precious way to my American sisters in the gospel.”
Anticipating Ordain Women's upcoming October action, OW Executive Board Chair Bryndis Roberts asserted, “This action will be an opportunity to gather in person … [to demonstrate] our commitment to the cause of equality.” In joining together, we are punctuating our fervent belief that Church policies and practices will better reflect the inclusiveness of the gospel of Jesus Christ when women participate more fully with men in all aspects of church governance, service, and sacred ordinances. If you share this hope, consider gathering with us—either in person, if you can, or by proxy—in Salt Lake City on Saturday, October 1.
1) Asiana 214. If you'd like to see professional pilots landing big airplanes, under difficult circumstances, with hundreds of lives at stake, watch any 20-second portion of this video below, taken at Dusseldorf airport during a very strong crosswind. Even the first 15 seconds will give you the idea. Or the elegant maneuver by an Air Berlin crew from 1:40 to 1:55.
What you'll see in all cases are pilots executing the familiar "crab-into-kick" procedure for crosswind landings. First the plane "crabs" -- it approaches at an angle, to keep its direction of flight aligned with the runway. Then, just as the plane is about to touch down, the pilot "kicks" the rudder to align the airplane itself with the runway. That allows the plane to land without putting impossible cross-stress loads on the landing gear.
Some of the landings in this clip are more precise than others, and some of that variation is beyond the pilots' control, depending on last-minute gusts and shifts in wind. But all of them show the proficiency expected of professional flight crews.
Watch a little of that, including artful landings of Boeing 777s, and then consider the claim from Asiana airlines' lawyers, as reported yesterday in the NYT, that autopilot software was somehow to blame for the crash of an Asiana 777 at SFO last year.
Remember that this crash -- which killed three people, injured many more, destroyed the airplane, and shut down the airport for a time -- happened on a clear day, with light winds, in what would be considered the very most benign flying conditions. Remember that according to cockpit recordings, other members of the flight crew were warning the captain that he was mis-flying the approach and letting the plane get too "low and slow." And consider that in the two decades of the 777's operation, with many hundreds of thousands of landings worldwide by the more than 1000-strong airplane fleet, there appear to have been zero reported incidents of autopilots causing the plane to land short of the runway. You can read a 777 accident/incident list here. The one other episode involving auto-throttles and landing problems, in 2008, was traced to ice that obstructed the fuel system and kept the engines from responding properly. This was not a factor for the Asiana at SFO.
The Chemistry Clock is the ultimate wall clock for the modern scientist. But if you're more old school and find things that feature a vintage look more attractive, then you might prefer this version of the Chem Time Clock instead.
Like the other one, the Chem Time Clock doesn't have numbers on its faces. Instead, you're supposed to tell the time by reading it off from the elements, based on their atomic numbers.
The idea for this quirky and extremely geeky wall clock came from Professor Bassam Shakhashiri who was an instructor at the University of Wisconsin. The professor himself had one such clock made during the summer of 1983, which he eventually had installed in his classroom.
Take a page from Professor Shakhashiri's book by getting one of these Chem Time Clocks for your own classroom. They will be available starting March 2012 from Teacher Resource for $34.95.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
In a letter to the Commission on Presidential Debates, Barack Obama's campaign manager David Plouffe seems to reject the idea of Obama and McCain engaging in a series of town hall appearances around the country.
“Due to the late date of the two parties' nominating conventions, and the relatively short period between the end of the conventions and the first proposed debate, it is likely that the four Commission debates will be the sole series of debates in the fall campaign. Consequently, we believe that finalizing the arrangements for these debates with promptness and certainty is in the interests of both campaigns and the American people,” Plouffe wrote.
The McCain campaign had originally proposed that the two candidates hold a series of joint town hall meetings without national television coverage or a moderator. This would have been a wonderful format for McCain who excels in the town hall format, but is bad on television, and a terrible debater. For the Obama this format would leave him with little to gain, and a lot to lose.
Back when the McCain campaign cared about issues, they made this proposal as a campaign gimmick. They wanted Obama to reject their idea, so that they could campaign on the idea that Obama is afraid to debate them and discuss the issues, but after 22 Democratic debates and more than a dozen Republican debates, I like the idea of no more debates until September 26.
I have never heard anyone say three presidential debates, and one vice presidential debate after Labor Day are not enough. Voters are not clamoring for more debates, and joint appearances. What I would like to see is Ralph Nader and Bob Barr in some form included in the debates. The biggest problem isn't that there are too few debates, but that the debates are only open to two candidates. Obama was right to reject the town hall format, but both campaigns are doing voters a disservice by excluding all the major candidates from the debates.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
We've all used Microsoft Word, whether for writing papers in school, drafting up memos at work or creating fliers speckled with Word Art.
If your list of necessary text editor features consists of fiddling with fonts, adjusting margins and changing your justification, you have no idea what you're missing.
Microsoft Word comes packed with all sorts of awesome features that allow you to take your doc game to the next level, as long as you know how to take advantage of them.
The following is just a smattering of all the Word features you didn't know you needed:
1. Changing selection preferences
Right off the bat, before you even start writing, ask yourself if you want Word to automatically select entire words when you make click-and-drag selections. Word has this feature turned on as a default when you start up, which can prove to be a bit annoying when you want to select and change a portion of a word instead of the whole thing.
To change this option, under the Preferences menu, go to the Edit section and uncheck the box next to “Select entire word when selecting text.”
2. Turn off or customize AutoCorrect
The next thing you should do is decide whether you want AutoCorrect on. If you're writing about a topic with some unique words, AutoCorrect can be a pain in the ass, and sometimes you won't even notice the corrections happening as you type. By default, Word has AutoCorrect turned on. To change this, under the Preferences menu, select AutoCorrect to see and adjust the settings for everything Word AutoCorrects.
Some features are helpful, like automatically formatting fractions, turning text into hyperlinks, or capitalizing days or the first words of sentences. You can also add in your own AutoCorrect macros, which is especially helpful if you are repeatedly typing words with special characters or long phrases. For example, if you don't want to have to correctly type Pokémon over and over again with the accented "e," you can set a macro in AutoCorrect so Word replaces Pokémon with Pokémon as you type.
3. Find out how well you write (technically)
Most people already know about the spelling and grammar checks in Word, but the program can also score you on the complexity of your writing. Before you perform a spelling and grammar check, make sure you have the boxes checked for “Check Grammar with Spelling” and “Show Readability Statistics” in your Preferences.
When you perform a spelling and grammar check on your document or on a selection of text, either correct or don't correct any possible errors and then hit "ok" on the dialogue box to bring up your readability statistics.
This window gives you a breakdown of your word count, words per sentence and your readability scores. The first number, which will be between zero to 100, is based on the Flesch Reading Ease test, zero being the most difficult to read and 100 being the easiest. Word suggests hitting between 60 and 70. The second number, between zero and 10, is based on the Flesch-Kincaid Grade Level, which is designed to give you an idea of how your writing stacks up against U.S. school grade reading levels. Word suggests aiming for between seven and eight.
You can see the breakdown of this complexity and reading level formulas here.
4. Seeing changes and edits
Microsoft Word allows you to easily give electronic feedback, allowing you to take a digital red pen to any document. By turning on Track Changes under the Review tab, you can view exactly what changes were made to the document at what time and who made them.
5. Leaving comments and suggestions
If instead of making changes you want to make suggestions, you can highlight a part of the text and go to Insert and select Comment. This will place a comment over that area of text, and you can write anything you want in there. You can also comment on comments, allowing you to write more or respond to someone else's comment.
6. Write wherever you want without text boxes
If you're into odd formatting, whether working on the structure of your free form poetry or just want to mix things up a bit, Word allows you to easily write wherever you want on a document without needing to create a text box. Just double-click on any blank part of your document and Word will start a line and place your cursor there.
7. Change capitalization
When you're blazing through a paper before deadline with your eyes on your keyboard, you might not notice that you've accidentally hit Caps Lock and just wrote 15 screaming lines of capitalized text. Instead of deleting everything, you can highlight the text and go to the Home tab and feather down the “A a” button and select which capitalization option you want.
8. Easily create citations
For all the students and researchers out there, creating a bibliography is the last thing you want to do when you finish your paper. For your works cited page, Word has a solution for you. Under the Document Elements tab, click the Manage button in the References section, then select the second button in that menu to see your citations. To add a citation, click the plus button.
For the 2016 Office Suite version of Word, go the the References tab and click Insert Citation and plug in the data for your source and Word will automatically put it all together in APA format.
Find "Insert Citation" under the Reference tab.
With all these helpful tools at your disposal, you'll be Wording like a pro in no time. Just don't forget to save every once in a while.
ISTANBUL (Reuters) - A few months after he started attending meetings of a hardline Islamic community group in a poor Istanbul suburb, 25-year-old Murat Kipcak stopped reading the Koran and going to the mosque.
Tahir Kipcak shows photographs of his son Murat during an interview with Reuters in Istanbul. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
He accused his conservative Kurdish family of being infidels and said their murder would get the killer to heaven.
Soon after, he sent word that he, his young child, and his wife had traveled to Iraq to join Islamic State, his father Tahir told Reuters at his home in Sultanbeyli, a district on the eastern outskirts of Turkey's largest city.
“We gave the police phone numbers, names, car plates, we gave them everything. But nothing happened,” Tahir said, saying he had reported his son's departure to Iraq after the family grew increasingly concerned about his activities.
Murat's story - a working class high school graduate turned radical Sunni militant within months - highlights Turkey's vulnerability as it tries to prevent Islamic State from carrying out further attacks like this week's at Istanbul airport.
Three suicide bombers opened fire at the international terminal late on Tuesday before blowing themselves up, killing 44 people and wounding more than 200 in one of the world's busiest aviation hubs - a symbol of Turkey's global standing.
The attackers are believed to have been Islamic State militants from Russia, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan, Turkish officials have said, but they appear to have relied on logistical support from Islamic State cells in Turkey.
Police have detained 24 people in two days of raids across Istanbul on suspicion of involvement in planning the bombing, some of them in Sultanbeyli. In Fatih, another district near the city's historic heart, a resident was cleaning graffiti off a home thought to have been used by the bombers.
“We don't want a mukhtar sheltering Islamic State,” the graffiti said, referring to the local elected official responsible for administration in the neighborhood.
POWERFUL IDEOLOGY
Turkey, part of the NATO military alliance and a member of the U.S.-led coalition which has been bombing Islamic State in Syria and Iraq, has been hit by at least half a dozen suicide attacks blamed on the group over the past year.
The deadliest was in the capital Ankara last October, a double suicide bombing at a rally of pro-Kurdish activists that killed more than 100 people. Prior to the airport attack, two in Istanbul this year has targeted foreign tourists, killing a total of 16 people, most of them German and Israeli.
Security forces have tightened controls on the Syrian border and deported or detained thousands of suspects in recent years, but intelligence experts say Turkey, like many European countries, is struggling to counter radicalization at home and to adapt to the group's new tactics.
“Are we prepared for the next attack? Unfortunately not,” said Hilmi Demir, a researcher at Ankara-based think-tank TEPAV who specializes in extremist groups.
“A new set of strategies and tactics are needed and we need to understand why these people are radicalized ... Islamic State has very powerful ideological tools. You can't fight such groups with military and counter-terrorism measures alone.”
Turkey's experience in countering militancy has been shaped by its fight against the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), which took up arms in 1984 demanding Kurdish autonomy in the southeast. Until the launch in 2012 of a peace process, which has since collapsed, it was a largely military campaign.
With Islamic State, the challenge is more complex. A minority of people in Turkey, whose population is largely Sunni Muslim, have sympathy for the group's ideology, if not its methods, several polls have shown.
Eight percent of Turks viewed Islamic State favorably, a study by U.S.-based company Pew in 11 countries with significant Muslim populations showed last November, with 19 percent saying they had no opinion. Turkey ranked fifth in terms of the highest levels of sympathy towards the group.
“A considerable part of the population in Turkey does not see groups like Islamic State or Al Nusra as terror groups. This shows how they can potentially find support,” said Suleyman Ozeren, a terrorism expert and head of the Ankara-based Global Policy and Strategy Institute.
FREEDOM TO TRAVEL
Murat Kipcak made no secret of his plans to go to Syria and join Islamic State, his father said, openly praising the group and socializing with others sympathetic to it. Like several other families contacted by Reuters, he said his warnings to the authorities went unheeded.
“The police say these people are going willingly and they have the freedom to travel, so it can't stop them,” said a 25-year old resident of Bayrampasa, another working class Istanbul suburb, giving his name as Mehmet. He said his brother left to join Islamic State in Syria in 2013.
The brother had since returned twice and last time left for Iraq, Mehmet said, declining to give his full name because his family is part of a police investigation.
Turkey was initially a reluctant partner in the U.S.-led coalition against Islamic State, arguing there could be no end to a war threatening regional stability without the departure of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and advocating for his ouster.
Critics say Ankara was too ready to back hardline Islamist groups fighting Assad, contributing to the conditions which enabled Islamic State to take hold. Ankara denies such charges, saying it was quick to declare Islamic State a terrorist group and that Turkey has the most to lose from its rise.
Turkish police have been monitoring the activities of suspected low-level Islamic State militants since as early as 2013, prosecution documents seen by Reuters show.
Aaron Stein, senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, said the authorities appeared not to intervene as part of a surveillance strategy to map out the network and target its leaders.
“The lessons suggest counter-terror officials need to be far more aggressive in disrupting mid-level recruiters, working within different Turkish communities,” Stein said.
Turkish officials declined to comment on intelligence operations.
In the wake of Tuesday night's attack, police have stepped up their raids on suspected safe houses. But for Mehmet, whose brother has been incommunicado since 2015, it comes too late.
“These people who become militants in Syria are the boys of our neighborhood. The police know them, where they hang out. But they say ‘gathering and talking about Islam is not a crime',” Mehmet said. “And so it goes on.”
(CNN) A Louisiana district attorney has recused himself from prosecuting the case of two police officers who allegedly killed a 6-year-old boy while pursuing his father's car.
Avoyelles Parish District Attorney Charles Riddle filed a motion Monday for recusal, citing his relationship with one of the officer's families.
Louisiana City Marshals Norris Greenhouse Jr., 23, and Derrick Stafford, 32, have been arrested and charged with second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder.
According to the motion, Greenhouse's father, Norris Greenhouse Sr., is an assistant district attorney under Riddle.
Louisiana Attorney General James "Buddy" Caldwell said in a statement that he'd received the recusal order and "we will begin a detailed and thorough investigation, leaving no stone unturned."
"I can simply assure you that at the end of the process, justice will be served," he added.
In a court hearing Monday, a Louisiana judge set a $1 million bond for each of the two officers. The court has ordered both men to surrender their firearms and badges.
Lingering questions
Nearly a week has passed since the incident occurred, but answers to disturbing questions are slow in coming.
A source close to the case information tells CNN that on the evening of November 3, marshals began pursuing the father, Chris Few, after they witnessed an argument between Few and his girlfriend in front of a local bar.
The source says the marshals alleged they witnessed "domestic abuse" and moved in to detain Few, who instead took off in his SUV.
The police pursuit ended in a hail of gunfire that left Few critically wounded and his young son dead.
Still unknown: Why did they open fire on 6-year-old Jeremy Mardis?
The first-grader was buckled in the front passenger seat of his father's truck when he was shot five times in the head and chest. At least 18 rounds were fired at the father and son from two firearms.
The boy's father was also struck. A hospital representative told CNN on Monday that authorities had upgraded Few from serious to fair condition.
The shooting happened on a dead-end street at the end of the chase in Marksville, a town of about 5,500 about 90 miles northwest of Baton Rouge, authorities said.
Investigators said there were no outstanding warrants against the father, and no firearm was found in his vehicle.
Greenhouse knew Few before the deadly encounter, a source familiar with the investigation told CNN. Investigators are looking into the extent of their relationship.
In an interview with CNN "New Day's" Alisyn Camerota, Louisiana State Police Superintendent Col. Michael Edmonson stressed that Marksville is a small town.
"We believe that they had some type of relationship where they met each other, knew each other," Edmonson said. "As this progresses, we'll certainly find out more and more information. But I think in a town like this, everyone knows each other."
Officers' history
At least one of the two officers was accused of a crime before.
According to The Town Talk newspaper in Alexandria, Louisiana, Stafford was indicted in 2011 on two counts of aggravated rape. The Town Talk reported that both cases were dismissed without prejudice in 2012. One of the incidents dated back to 2004. The other occurred while Stafford was employed by the Marksville Police Department, where he has worked for eight years.
Neither the Marksville Police Department nor Stafford's family has responded to CNN's requests for comment regarding those cases.
Stafford has been named as a defendant in five civil lawsuits, including at least one related to the use of excessive force. That particular case is still pending.
Greenhouse has also been named in a civil lawsuit related to the use of excessive force. That case is still pending.
Both men were working second jobs as city marshals when the shooting happened. Stafford is a full-time Marksville police lieutenant, and Greenhouse is a marshal in Alexandria, Edmonson said.
According to a CNN review of both officers' records, neither has ever been convicted of a crime.
'Disturbing' footage
The head of Louisiana's state police said "disturbing" body camera footage helped build the case against the two officers accused of shooting the boy.
"I've been a police officer for 35 years, but as a father -- much less than a state police -- it was a disturbing, disturbing video that I watched, and that really helped move us forward," Edmonson said Sunday.
"I've got to deal in facts. What's important to me is what caused those police officers to pursue," Edmonson said. "What caused them to open fire?"
"He (Jeremy) didn't deserve to die like that. We need to find out why."
The town's mayor, John Lemoine, told CNN's Brianna Keilar on Monday that the body cameras were a recent addition for local police.
"We just went ahead and got these body cameras for these officers, and I'm glad that we did," Lemoine said. "It ... shed a lot of light on what happened the other night."
Mourning Jeremy
On Monday afternoon, a small prayer vigil was held at the site of the shooting.
About a dozen people joined hands in a circle around a small collection of mementos left for Jeremy. People have been leaving multicolored balloons, flowers, stuffed animals and notes around the dead-end street.
Broken glass is still strewn across the ground. Just steps away, at least one bullet hole has been marked with orange paint in a split-rail fence.
Some of the people gathered for the vigil were from Marksville, and others came from the surrounding area. Several told CNN they were unable to travel the distance to Hattiesburg, Mississippi, for Jeremy's funeral and burial, held Monday afternoon.
Jeremy Whittington was among those who attended the vigil. He told CNN's Martin Savidge he works with Few, and has been visiting him at the hospital.
He said he last visited Few on Sunday evening.
Whittington said Few was awake but drifting in and out of consciousness. He had difficulty speaking because he was connected to breathing tubes.
Jeremy's first-grade special needs teacher Roxanne Couvillion said the boy loved class, playing and alphabet puzzles. Jeremy was autistic and did not communicate verbally, she said. Couvillion said he was one of her favorite students.
She said she especially loved the way his eyes lit up when he smiled.
"We're just heartbroken," she said. "He always was an angel, and we know that he's watching over us."
Mon, Dec 9, 2013 by JuiceDD
Season 7 coming in 2014
Changes to League Setup
Pub players have asked UGC to make some adjustments to our league format to suit their playing style/needs.
We are adding a new skill level below our existing Platinum.
The Steel division is being setup to accomidate the new player or our more casual player base. Platinum will remain for our Expert players.
Features of the Steel Division
- All Classes: Steel will reincorporate all playable classes with only class restrictions being a number of that classes playable. For Instance we had cr_sniper set to -1 which took away the sniper class. It has been reinstated but restricted to only 1 sniper per 4v4 match. We also had Pyro set to -1. That class also has been reinstated to 1 pyro class per 4v4 match.We also will incorporate maps according to team leaders votes for the season.
- Experienced player limit in Steel: You can have no more than 2 Platinum level players on a 12-man roster. We know pretty much everyone's skill level that's playing the game atm, considering the community is so small.
This division should give new players & casual 'pub' players the ability to create teams to play in a competitive environment.
We also hope that Platinum players to create & mentor a team where they can share their skill sets to the steel players. We are open to all suggestions for this new division, your suggestions are appreciated.
Thanks for playing with the UGC League, we hope you have some fun! Thanks for playing with the UGC League, we hope you have some fun!
JuiceY
UGC
Susyono was troubled by his dream.
In it, he had been doing what he often did - scanning a riverbed for rocks that would be suitable to sell to local builders.
It was not a glamorous way to earn a living, but it paid more than his normal job growing tomatoes and cabbages.
In the dream a man approached him.
 An old man with white hair, white beard and white clothes showed up. He said he wanted to give me a giant golden puppet.”
Earlier that day, before his dream, in May 2011, Susyono had been bemoaning his lot.
Work was hard and poorly paid, but there were few other options in the mountains of Buru, the remote Indonesian island where he lived.
He had wished that something good would happen to him. But somehow the offer of the golden puppet scared him.
 I didn't take the puppet because I was afraid. The man said I had to give him something in return.”
When he woke, Susyono puzzled over the dream.
What did it mean? He told his friend Yono about it.
They had seen television reports of gold being found elsewhere in Indonesia and wondered if it could exist close to home - on Botak, the mountain where they lived.
“We thought the dream must mean there was gold in the mountain,” he says.
I fully understand the intangibles that come with actually being from a culture, not just studying it. However, I felt uneasy about linking academic work to personal experience. How can we inspire our students to study a foreign culture if we discount their input by virtue of who they are and where they are from (or not from)? As one of my non-Russian colleagues put it, “When did research become me-search?” Reading the criticisms of Dolezal's work as an Africana studies professor on social media, I wondered if she had been trying to avoid what I was running into in my career — academia's authenticity litmus test.
I am an African-American female who has taught college courses on Russian and Central European literature. I have absolutely no Slavic heritage. Last year I finished my Ph.D. in the subject at Princeton and bravely went on the infamous academic job market. Every tenure-track position I interviewed for ultimately went to someone Russian or from a neighboring country. “We really want someone who can bring the students direct exposure to the target culture,” one interviewer told me.
Dolezal's faculty Web page states that she teaches courses on African-American culture, including a class titled Black Women's Struggle. This item in particular proved to be a lightning rod on Twitter. “You don't know the struggle,” one of the comments directed at her read. These reactions are what many of us who lack a shared cultural history with our academic disciplines of choice often fear will be directed at us. It made me wonder whether Dolezal, despite her decades of work advocating for black women's rights and racial equality, felt that she would never be taken seriously discussing black feminism if she was known as just some white girl from Montana.
She has spent much of her career within the walls of academia. She is an instructor in the Africana studies program at Eastern Washington University and has immersed herself in black history and culture. Suddenly, this story started to make sense to me. As those of us in the academy know, there is an unspoken social pressure to have a personal connection with the culture you research, and preferably the personal connection is that you are from that culture.
Like everyone else, I read with amused shock as reports emerged that Rachel Dolezal, president of the NAACP chapter in Spokane, Washington, had been lying about her race . Although she was born to white parents, she claimed to be black. Less concerned with whether it was right or wrong, I found myself wondering what could drive someone to do that, particularly someone who should really know better.
In the fall of 2012, I co-taught a course on 20th century Central European literature at Princeton as a graduate student. The professor who ran the course is a world-renowned scholar of Polish and Czech literature. She is Polish and had been actively involved in anti-Soviet political demonstrations. The course included a lot of material on the Holocaust, and I am not Jewish. The only thing I had personally in common with the class was the century I was born in. Halfway through the semester, the lead instructor had to attend a conference, meaning I was to run the seminar by myself that week. The assigned reading was “This Way to the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen” by the Polish writer Tadeuz Borowski, based on his experience as a prisoner at Auschwitz. It tells the story of a concentration camp inmate responsible for sending Jews to the gas chamber and discusses how prisoners often betrayed one another, knowingly sending friends to their deaths. This was incredibly sensitive material that did not present concentration camp survivors as heroes or martyrs. It was a totally taboo topic, and I had to teach it alone.
“Open by discussing African involvement in the Atlantic slave trade,” I remember thinking to myself as I prepared for the class. “It's a good analogy, and it will legitimize your right to bring up interethnic betrayal.” I opened with that. The class went well, probably because I had spent years training to teach this literature to college students. Why did I feel I needed to have a personal stake in the material to speak on it?
For the first time this past year, I had the pleasure of knowing what it was like for my race to match my academic discipline. I taught a course in Moscow called the Harlem Renaissance: From New York to Tashkent, which focused on African-American writers and intellectuals who traveled to the Soviet Union in the 1920s and '30s. My job in Moscow required that I teach a course in American studies with a Russian component, and I just thought that would be a really fresh topic for the students. I blogged about it for the NYU Jordan Center on Russian Studies, and my posts were widely shared. Suddenly I was inundated with invitations to participate in conference panels on the black experience in Russia and to contribute to special issues of academic journals on the subject. It was a level of attention I had always wanted, and I was grateful. However, there was also a tinge of sadness. The African-American experience had nothing to do with my dissertation or any of my other research projects. Why had this attention come only when I started to talk about race? Did I finally make sense to my colleagues?
The reason identity politics always makes me feel unsettled is that it goes against the very reason that I have chosen to dedicate my life to the study of literature: my conviction that the creative imagination required in reading fiction can sow the seeds of empathy in my students. If they can imagine themselves as characters in Fyodor Dostoevsky's novels, driven mad by crushing poverty and social humiliation, they can feel for the real pain of oppressed peoples everywhere.
Judging from my experience, perhaps Dolezal felt that she couldn't be taken seriously as a professor of the African-American experience without passing as black. Before writing her off, we should examine our own assumptions and biases about who can speak credibly about what and whether the limits of empathy are restricted within cultural lines.
AP Calculates North Carolina's 'Bathroom Bill' Will Cost More Than $3.7 Billion
Enlarge this image toggle caption Sara D. Davis/Getty Images Sara D. Davis/Getty Images
The Associated Press has tallied up business lost in North Carolina because of the controversial "bathroom bill," and estimates the total cost is at least $3.76 billion over 12 years.
That estimate is probably low, the wire service says.
The law in question, HB2, was passed just over a year ago. It blocks local jurisdictions from passing protections for gay and transgender people, and requires transgender people in government facilities to use bathrooms that match the sex on their birth certificate.
The bill has prompted a backlash from businesses and sports organizations, from Paypal to the NCAA. In December, the state and the city of Charlotte struck a deal to repeal the law, but it fell apart amid accusations of bad faith, and the law remains in place.
To estimate how much the bill has cost the state, the AP drew on interviews and public records to tally up canceled relocations, conventions, projects, concerts and sporting events.
"A business project was counted only if AP determined through public records or interviews that HB2 was why it pulled out," the wire service writes. Some business leaders are concerned that decisions might be made "quietly," where HB2 is a factor but not publicly discussed as such, AP notes.
You can read the full piece from the Associated Press here, and see the full list of events and projects here.
Web Resources Read the AP Analysis
The largest loss is also the highest profile one: $2.66 billion from Paypal backing out of plans to expand a center in Charlotte, creating some 400 jobs.
Other major blows, according to the AP's estimates: a half a billion dollars from Deutsche Bank canceling plans in Cary, N.C., a quarter of a billion from CoStar opening a research center in Virginia instead of North Carolina and $100 million from an NBA All-Star Game being moved out of Charlotte.
The AP notes that North Carolina is, in general, doing well economically:
Tom Lawlor is the latest UFC name to be sanctioned by USADA.
The popular UFC light heavyweight was suspended two years by the UFC's anti-doping partner after a positive test for the banned substance ostarine, USADA announced Friday.
Lawlor was flagged for a potential anti-doping violation in November following the failed drug test from an Oct. 10 sample. His suspension is retroactive to that date, so he will be able to return in October 2018.
Ostarine is a selective androgen receptor module (SARM) with benefits similar to anabolic steroids, retaining and, at times, producing lean muscle. It's in the Anabolic Agents portion of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) Code.
In the release, USADA states that ostarine is “not currently available as a prescription medication in any country, and its unauthorized use may carry serious side effects.” Ostarine has been found as a declared and undeclared ingredient in dietary supplement found in the U.S., prompting the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to issue a warning letter to certain supplement manufacturers saying ostarine is unapproved and in violation of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), USADA said.
UFC welterweight Tim Means tested positive for ostarine last year, but claimed it came from a tainted supplement and a USADA investigation found that it likely did. Means got a reduced suspension of six months, rather than the full two years.
Lawlor, 33, is the seventh UFC fighter to be given a full, two-year ban by USADA since the UFC's anti-doping program began in July 2015. Lawlor joins the likes of Chad Mendes, Mirko Cro Cop and Gleison Tibau on that list.
In his last bout, Lawlor (10-6, 1 NC) fell by unanimous decision to Corey Anderson at UFC 196 in March 2016. He won two straight before that. Lawlor, a fan favorite for his funny walkouts and weigh-in antics, has been in the UFC since 2008.
Conor McGregor and the UFC might have kissed and made up enough for McGregor to be returning to the Octagon at UFC 202. But the issue that arose between the two sides in April has not yet been patched up.
McGregor, the UFC featherweight champion, said Saturday he is still battling the UFC over the amount of press he has to do. McGregor's refusal to go on a media tour in April resulted in him being pulled from UFC 200.
"We're still back and forth with media obligations," McGregor said at an event to promote his coach John Kavanagh's new book "Win or Learn." (h/t David O'Gorman) "It's going on right to this second. It's never-ending. They want to pull you left and right."
The UFC wanted McGregor to fly to Las Vegas for a press conference and photo shoot in April, followed by a two-city media tour in Stockton, Calif., and New York. At the time, McGregor was slated to rematch Nate Diaz in the UFC 200 main event.
The brash Irishman balked, though, and told the UFC he'd only show up in New York, because he was in Iceland training and wanted to focus on preparing for Diaz, the man he lost to via second-round submission at UFC 196 in March.
"I think some people don't understand how taxing that is, especially coming after a loss like that where I really truly need to look out for me and get myself right and come out the way I need to feel," McGregor said. "I can't fatigue like that and live with myself after that. Seeing the way the last fight happened, I can't live with it. I need to isolate myself and just get my work in and come back and get my revenge. And that's what I'm doing."
When McGregor said he wouldn't come to Vegas, the UFC yanked him from the card. Before they could announce that, though, he implied on Twitter that he was retiring. That one tweet blew up more than McGregor said he ever imagined it would. It had more retweets than Kobe Bryant's retirement announcement tweet from 2015.
"When you see it going all over the place, I'm like, 'Oh sh*t,'" McGregor said. "Now it's hit the fan. It was a semi-joke in it. It was kind of a negotiating tactic, going back and forth with the UFC. And then it's on CNN."
A few days after that tweet, McGregor explained himself in a statement and then a few days after that he announced he was back on the UFC 200 card. He never was, though. Just another negotiating ploy, most likely.
Now, McGregor has been booked to face Diaz at UFC 202 on Aug. 20 in Las Vegas. There is a press conference to promote that fight July 7, two days before UFC 200, in Vegas. McGregor is slated to be there. Whether he will or not, well, that might need some more jockeying to pull off.
Gently TAP the large end of the egg onto a hard surface until she shell is slightly cracked and peel the egg.
DRAIN eggs under cold running water to help the shell ease off the hard-boiled eggs.
HEAT 1/2- to 1-inch of water in a large saucepan to boiling over high heat. Carefully place steamer insert into pan over boiling water OR proceed to Step 2, if not using a steamer insert.
Insider Info
Cold or room temperature eggs: The timings are based on using eggs straight from the refrigerator.
Storage time: Hard-boiled eggs in the shell can be refrigerated for up to a week. It is recommended to refrigerate the eggs in their original carton to prevent odor absorption.
Food safety precaution: It is not recommended to pierce the shells of the eggs before cooking as an unsterilized piercer or needle can introduce bacteria into the egg. Also, pierced shells might allow bacteria to enter the hard-boiled eggs after they are cooked.
Eggs should NOT be microwaved in shells because they are likely to explode due to the quick build up of steam.
Hard-boiled eggs should be eaten the same day they are peeled.
High altitude cooking: It's nearly impossible to hard-boil eggs above 10,000 feet.
A poster campaign at Missouri State University sought to privilege-shame students for being straight, white, male, Christian or able-bodied (among other characteristics) and informed students that the police only exist to protect white men.
The posters were sponsored by the university's student government and Residence Hall Association (RHA) and reportedly went up inside a dorm Saturday morning before being removed on Sunday night in the face of backlash from students on Twitter. The Daily Caller obtained pictures of six of the posters from an MSU student before they were taken down.
Each poster included an example of “privilege” above the phrase “Check your privilege” and a checklist of different categories of privilege, including: Christian privilege, class privilege, white privilege, male privilege, able-bodied privilege, cisgender privilege and heterosexual privilege.
Each poster also included a definition of privilege in the lower right-hand corner: “unearned access to social power based on membership in a dominant social group.”
“If you're confident that the police exist to protect you, you have white male privilege,” one poster read. Beneath it, “white” and “male” were both checked off in the list of privileges.
Absolutely pathetic that @MissouriState would approve and promote a message of this magnitude. Absolutely pathetic. pic.twitter.com/LbJ3V4SHDx — Austin Paxton (@Paxton323Austin) April 30, 2016
Another poster informed students that “If while growing up, college was an expectation of you, not a lofty dream, you have class privilege.”
One poster that singled out Christian students said, “If you can expect time off from work to celebrate your religious holidays, you have Christian privilege.”
Yet another poster instructed students at the taxpayer-funded university to check their privilege if they aren't transgender: “If you can use public bathrooms without stares, fears or anxiety, you have cisgender privilege.”
If ur not a Christian u should be required to work on Xmas & Easter? These are national holidays #MyLiberalCampus pic.twitter.com/HLkVlWBg7T — angie (@PeteyFreshh) April 30, 2016
After many students voiced their outrage on Twitter over the posters, MSU's student government tweeted out a statement saying, “Missouri State SGA values and supports free speech, diversity and our police officers.”
Junior Tim Briseno, VP of MSU's College Republicans, told The Daily Caller that he took the original pictures of the posters which started circulating on Twitter after he shared them with friends. “You can see my reflection in several of the pictures and recognize me by my hair, watch, Titleist hat and phone,” he added.
Briseno said he was “at first shocked and appalled by the audacity of the university to sponsor and approve such vile and illegitimate posters.”
President of Missouri State University Clif Smart sent out a tweet late Sunday night distancing himself from the posters, saying, “MSU is not sponsoring this poster, [Missouri State RHA] is. Share your concern/outrage here,” followed by a link to the RHA website. It's unclear what exactly president Smart was trying to communicate as RHA is a subset of MSU's residence life department and is funded by a fee the university charges students at the beginning of each semester.
Then, later Monday night, MSU RHA sent out a tweet with a statement of sorts — the “statement” was a screenshot picture of a message somebody had typed on their iPhone's notepad.
The statement acknowledged that the posters were produced by the university's RHA and SGA and said the posters were originally produced last school year. The statement attempts no explanation for why the posters reappeared on Saturday but does note that RHA was “proud” to have produced them in the first place.
RHA would like to clarify its position on the posters circulating on Twitter pic.twitter.com/EXdZSR1Hbe — MoStateRHA (@MoStateRHA) May 2, 2016
The Daily Caller reached out to both RHA president Rebecca Cole and SGA president Ashley Crisafulli for comment but neither responded by press time.
Follow Peter Hasson on Twitter @PeterJHasson
Voter disenfranchisement has been one of many targets from the Koch Brothers-funded American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC). In 2009, ALEC members gathered to draft voter ID and voter suppression bills and those documents were dispersed to ALEC-owned legislators nationally, including Alabama, Minnesota, Montana, North Carolina and Wisconsin.
Update:
In the early-voting measure, Walker used his partial veto powers — the most powerful in the nation — to nix language restricting early voting hours in Milwaukee and other cities to 45 hours a week while leaving in place a provision to prohibit early voting on weekends. Democrats and Milwaukee officials have decried those voting limits as the latest effort by the GOP to make it harder for minorities, veterans, the elderly and students to vote, saying it amounted to “fixing elections” rather than problems. Source
Governor Walker, looking at a very close re-election race in November 2014, sees a great opportunity to make it more difficult for Wisconsin voters to vote. After all, it's all about his career and he'd love to change the rules.
Gov. Scott Walker says he would call lawmakers into a special session to modify Wisconsin's voter photo identification requirements if courts don't uphold the current measure, which has been blocked since shortly after he signed it into law. Walker told reporters Tuesday morning that he sees voter ID as the most “pressing” election-related issue currently facing Wisconsin. “The only real thing I thought that was pressing, and it may still continue to be pressing depending on what the courts react on, is voter ID, ” Walker said. “And so we're monitoring that closely, trying to figure out if there need to be any modifications made to that that would pass the test of the court — in terms of being able to uphold a voter ID law, but potentially with modifications that would address any concerns that they have.” More from source
Why does Walker want to change the early voting laws? In 2008, President Obama won Wisconsin by 14 points where early voting was considered a possible reason for his success. That means, according to ALEC, the Republican Party and Walker, it's good for the Democratic Party. So it has to change. One of the excuses you would hear from Walker is that small, rural communities can't handle the workload of weekend voting or later hours to vote. This is, of course, absolute nonsense and the “logic” of changing the rules so small towns could override in importance compared to larger communities like Madison and Milwaukee (who solidly vote for Democrats) is disingenuous.
The other excuse Walker will moan about is the problem of “voter fraud”. The non-partisan Brennan Foundation has comprehensive proof that voter fraud is a myth used by Republicans to try to attack voting rights. There has been no investigation that showed that the “problem” is more that 0.0003% of the voting public that participates in elections.
PRWatch has been documenting the Walker administration's antics with trying to change voting rights in Wisconsin, even knowing that it's unconstitutional.
More information on this will come as it becomes available.
Free art!
