‘Sweat of the Gods': Frankincense and Myrrh in Antiquity
… they saw the young child with Mary his mother, and fell down,
and worshipped him: and when they had opened their treasures,
they presented unto him gifts; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh.”
–Matthew 2:11
When we read about the wise men's gifts to the infant Jesus, we often project our own constructions of luxury and wealth onto the past; perceiving that gold must have been the most valuable of the donatives given to Christ. However, the precious resins of frankincense and myrrh given by the wise men were perhaps more valuable than the gold, and certainly could be applied in a wider variety of ways. The association of frankincense in particular with divine and mystical powers can be seen in The Egyptian Book of the Dead, which refers to it as “the sweat of the Gods fallen to earth.”
Magi bring gifts to the baby Jesus in one of the earliest known depictions. (3rd Century Sarcophagus, Vatican Museums, Italy)
Hundreds of years before the birth of Jesus, frankincense and myrrh were given in tribute to royalty. From Crete to Syria, Phoenicia to Rome, inscriptions and textual references tell us that these spices were valued not only for their pleasing fragrance, but for their healing abilities. Although today we have tended to narrow the category of “spices” down to things added to food, in antiquity, spices not only included things used to enhance taste, but also included incense—that is substances that, when burned, gave off a pleasing smell—perfumes, and unguents. Rare spices made the nations of Southern Arabia, where frankincense and myrrh trees predominantly grew, the wealthiest in the world—if we are to believe the natural historian Pliny.
Frankincense is a gum resin from trees native to Arabia and East Africa from the genus Boswellia. After the bark was cut by cultivators who themselves were often viewed as sacred, the tree's resin was allowed to bead and harden before being scraped off and collected for sale. Frankincense had many uses: as a burnt offering for the gods, as a domestic fragrance in elite homes to perfume the air, and in funeral services. It is mentioned in an early Babylonian medicinal recipe, and the Greek historian Herodotus mentions its use as incense as well. Around 3,000 tons were shipped around the Roman empire in the first century CE. Myrrh is also a gum resin, taken from the Commiphora tree common to Arabia, Somalia, and some parts of India. It was often used as an unguent. It was also a common ingredient applied by embalmers preparing the dead for burial.
An essential means of communicating with the gods was through smell. The smoke from animal sacrifices was supposed to rise to the heavens and signal piety to the Graeco-Roman Gods. At funerals, the strong smell of frankincense could denote the status of the deceased to both the living and the dead. It was said that the emperor Nero burned more frankincense than Arabia made in a year for his wife's funeral. At the late Republican dictator Sulla's funeral in Rome in 78 BCE, 210 litters loaded with frankincense and cinnamon were burned. Plutarch tells us that a large figure was molded of Sulla made of the substances. It was burned alongside Sulla's body on the funeral pyre. The incense not only heightened the service, but masked the strong smell of blood and flesh emanating from the pyre.
An irony of the gifts of the magi lies in Jesus' own rejection of luxury. These spices were an elite, royal indulgence, and were thus often looked on with spite by early Christian writers. Much as the scene in Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade, where the Holy Grail is chosen, reminds us, Jesus was a man who preferred simple things to the luxurious objects normally associated with kings. Moreover, these spices initially had a pagan connotation as well. The early Christian writer Tertullian noted that Christians could not keep their integrity intact if they sold frankincense, not only because it was a luxury, but because pagans could not help but burn the spice as part of a sacrifice—something Christians were to have no association with.
As Christianity became the predominant religion with the Roman empire, mixtures of frankincense and myrrh began to lose its association with animal sacrifice and to instead signal the suffering of Christ and his divine transformation. Friars also apparently noted that it masked the smell of rather malodorous parishioners. In the later medieval Church, these substances signaled divinity and corporality. It was the three myrophores (myrrh carriers) that first saw Christ's tomb open and empty. Thus the spices represent both the beginning and end of Christ's life on earth. The story of Christ and the later use of frankincense and myrrh in fact only support the fact that incense was viewed as a transforming substance in antiquity and the Middle Ages. The olfactory sense was a way to commune with the divine, and thus the gifts of the magi were not just unguents or perfumes, but precious intercessors.
Further Reading:
Christiane Bird, The Sultan's Shadow: One Family's Rule at the Crossroads of East and West (Random House, 2010).
Holly Dugan, The Ephemeral History of Perfume: Scent and Sense in Early Modern England (Baltimore, 2011).
Susan Ashbrook Harvey, Scenting Salvation: Ancient Christianity And the Olfactory Imagination (Berkeley, 2006).
Sarah Bond specializes in Ancient and Late Antique History. She hails from the mountains of Virginia, where she attended the University of Virginia and received a B.A. in Classics and History, with an Archaeology minor. From there, she went to the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill for her PhD in History (2011), and then on to a Post-Doctoral Fellowship at Washington and Lee University in Lexington, Virginia. She is excited to come to Marquette and will be teaching the survey in Western Civilization in the Fall.
Advertisements
The Last Mile
Even though it was over a decade ago, I can still remember clearly what it felt like when the gavel dropped and I was sentenced to 16 years to life in prison. It was a feeling of total resignation to the fate that I had earned through thoughtless deeds and reckless decisions. Up until that moment, I had still held on to the outside chance that maybe my lawyer, my family, or even God could rescue me from having to accept responsibility for my actions. I was afraid of going to prison because of all the stories I had heard and all the movies I had seen. Without even actually being there, it would be impossible to separate the reality from the fiction. I had no idea what to expect and couldn't help but nervously wonder how time inside the belly of the beast would change me. Once the gavel dropped, the only thing I knew for certain was that it was time to 'man up' and face my fears.
Coming to prison has been like a rite of passage for me in many ways. It was time to leave my childish thoughts and ideas behind and begin to realize that in order to be a man worthy of redemption, I would need to start making good decisions in my life. Without a doubt, the best decision I ever made upon coming to prison was completely giving up the use of drugs and alcohol. I had allowed my addictions to derail my life at every turn because it was as if I was afraid of what the future might hold for me. I was insecure about trying to carve out my place in the world because I didn't really know if I was up to the challenge. Giving my life over to drugs and alcohol allowed me to hide away from everything including myself. My addiction led me to taking a man's life and receiving a life sentence. From that moment on, I realized that I could never drink or use again. I made the resolute decision to start learning to live with clear eyes and a pure heart.
When I stopped poisoning my body and brain with substance abuse, the fog began to lift and my mind developed a hunger and thirst for the knowledge I had been depriving it of for so long. In the county jail, I read everything I could get my hands on. I found that I especially enjoyed classics and was able to start catching up on all those books I was probably supposed to read in high school. I also enrolled in a Bible correspondence school where I was able to start cultivating an understanding of spirituality while developing study habits that would serve me in the future. Six years into my incarceration, I was finally able to enroll in college correspondence courses and started working towards an Associates degree. I love the business classes and was able to earn a Business Certificate for taking a series of classes that included Intro to Business, Personal Finance, Small Business Management, Marketing, and Business Law. I still didn't know what the future might hold for me, but I knew that this time around I wanted to be ready for it when I got there. When I got to San Quentin, I was able to continue to take courses though Patten College and received my Associates degree as the class valedictorian in 2012.
My life behind bars has taught me that life is too short and precious to squander away because of fear or insecurity. The time to live is now while passion and potential remain alive burning inside. Today, I believe that I owe it to myself and to the world to give back by living with vigor and letting inspiration roar. I've realized that hiding in the shadowlands doesn't serve anyone and had to end. This rite of passage has given me a deep understanding and appreciation of what it means to be a man of integrity and character. I've now gained the confidence to endure and overcome whatever challenges life may throw my way.
All communications between inmates and external channels are facilitated by approved volunteers since inmates do not have access to the internet. This program with Quora is part of The Last Mile San Quentin. Twitter: @TLM
The Obama administration delivered an unequivocally clear message–again–on Thursday: All children have a right to enroll in public schools regardless of their citizenship or immigration status.
Three years after clarifying to schools that they cannot turn away children, the Education and Justice Departments issued another set of guidance documents that provide in painstaking detail what schools can and cannot ask for when families want to enroll their children. The agencies also provided examples of acceptable enrollment policies.
For example, schools can violate federal law by requiring Social Security numbers or birth certificates when a student wants to enroll. Schools can instead ask for proof of residency in a school district, which a family can do with an electric bill or copy of a lease.
In a Dear Colleague letter, the agencies say they've recently “become aware of student enrollment practices that may chill or discourage the participation, or lead to the exclusion, of students based on their or their parents' or guardians' actual or perceived citizenship or immigration status.”
The Department of Homeland Security estimates that there are 1.1 million undocumented children under age 18 living in the U.S.
On a call with reporters, Education Secretary Arne Duncan said that the department's Office for Civil Rights has received 17 complaints related to school enrollment policies since its 2011 guidance on the issue. {snip}
Those are in addition to an undisclosed number of complaints filed with the Justice Department. {snip}
“Public school districts have an obligation to enroll students regardless of immigration status and without discrimination on the basis of race, color or national origin,” Attorney General Eric Holder said in a statement. “The Justice Department will do everything it can to make sure schools meet this obligation. We will vigilantly enforce the law to ensure the schoolhouse door remains open to all.”
These state and district obligations are the result of the 1982 Supreme Court decision Plyler v. Doe, which struck down a Texas law that denied education funding for undocumented children. It also struck down the Tyler, Texas, school district's attempt to charge undocumented families tuition to make up for the lost state funding.
As immigration reform stalls in Congress, states including Alabama and Arizona have passed their own laws to address the issue. Parts of the Alabama law dealing with school admissions have been blocked by courts, and much of Arizona's law was nullified, too. State policies can't trump the 32-year-old Supreme Court ruling, but the dueling requirements have clouded the picture for schools.
Jerri Katzerman, deputy legal director for the Southern Poverty Law Center, is less charitable.
“Some of it is ignorance, both feigned and acquired,” Katzerman said. “Often schools will say, ‘We didn't deny any child.' But we'll ask, ‘How many children didn't go through the process because of fear?' It doesn't create an inclusive, welcoming environment.”
{snip}
The Education and Justice Departments also stress that schools have to “meaningfully communicate material information about enrollment” for families that aren't proficient in English. Failing to provide interpreters or translated materials is often a problem, Katzerman said.
Original Article
Share This
This year's 15th issue of Shogakukan's Sho-Comi magazine revealed on July 4 that Gō Ikeyamada is ending her So Cute It Hurts!! ( Kobayashi ga Kawai Sugite Tsurai!! ) manga in the magazine's 18th issue, which Shogakukan will publish on August 20.
Ikeyamada previously revealed in the 10th compiled book volume of the manga that it was entering its final arc with the 11th volume.
The manga's story revolves around twin brother and sister Mitsuru and Megumu Kobayashi who switch places and attend the other sibling's school. Things get strange when Megumu realizes that the school that her popular brother Mitsuru had been going to be in fact a school for delinquents. When attacked by a group of bullies, she meets a mysterious boy with an eye patch.
Ikeyamada began the manga in Sho-Comi magazine in August 2012. Shogakukan released the 11th compiled volume of the manga on April 24.
Viz Media revealed last October that it had licensed the series for North America under the title So Cute It Hurts!! . The company released the first volume in June.
The manga received an original anime DVD bundled with the third volume of the manga in July 2013, and a second anime DVD shipped with the sixth volume of the manga in March 2014.
Happinet Games is also adapting the manga into a Nintendo 3DS game, with the story supervised by Ikeyamada, which will ship in Japan in August. The game stars Tatsuhisa Suzuki as Erio Falcone, a game original character designed by Ikeyamada. Happinet Games previously streamed the game's opening video in May.
In a country of a billion people, a decent job is hard to find. You can openly run a prostitution business while pretending to advertise beanbags. You can take a picture of yourself with a camera stuck to half your face while looking in the mirror and call yourself a photographer. You can even earn almost as much as a National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme recipient by being a theatre actor. But the award for the most pointless excuse for employment goes to a member of the CPI(M) a hotel restroom attendant. A hotel management student so sh*tty that four years of training and fathers' ancestral property on sale later, he was handing towels to overfed guests after they took a dump resembling Chernobyl.
How did this happen? Where in the process of evolution did we become so lazy that when faced with a tap that did not magically start pouring water after detecting our hands, we needed help from another human to twist it and hand us a towel? When did it become okay to have a man sit in a restroom all day in what is a rectal radiation equivalent of living underneath a cellphone tower? Does one get a promotion in the form of a mask? Do benefits include helping Bollywood stars snort cocaine off the marble tops? Even men who sit inside unventilated elevators for 12-hour non-stop shifts must be like, “Bro, kill yourself”.
First, a restroom is a private space. As an Indian man, it is my duty to open my zip and start scratching my scrotum atleast 200 metres before I reach the actual urinal. Do hotels know how creepy it is to have a guy just standing there, making emotional Enrique eye contact as soon as you open the door? Also, I enjoy my rajma chawal. A buffet meal isn't complete if at least five things from the dessert menu aren't falling over each other. If my intestines decide to compose a dub step tune on the commode the last thing I want to do is make even more eye contact with the guy who heard the whole thing.
Second, it's a human rights violation if I'm put under pressure to wash my hands. Every Indian man knows that the correct way of washing one's hands is walking out of the restroom without washing them to build immunity. If one believes in hygiene, Indian technique requires lightly sprinkling some water over ones fingers, running them through ones hair, admiring self in the mirror, wiping hands on the back of ones jeans and walking out. How can one be forced to break such a longstanding Indian tradition?
I believe our hotels have been forced into hiring these toilet marshals because of the destruction they see inside mall toilets. There is always one person inside the men's toilet who didn't get the memo and uses the sink to have a complete bath. This includes multiple mouth gargles and finishing the diluted pink soap (stored in a mineral water bottle with a hole in its cap). All this while a person who has to relieve himself makes the unfortunate discovery that Indian men in malls don't flush.
I'm surprised we don't have a game show called "Flushout - Zor Ka Hagga" yet. Imagine: each contestant really wants to use the toilet, but only one stall in the mall is clean. If they choose the right stall, they get a jet spray that works. If they choose one where someone has already having left their mark, they humiliate themselves and accompany host Aman Varma into random people's houses to check how white their toilets are. Still a better love story than Twilight.
I am going to launch an online petition against hotels to stop deploying staff inside restrooms. In the meantime, if you go to a hotel and take their help in washing your hands, be kind and tip these gentlemen. It is the least you can do to help them deal with this sh*t.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Google Latitude, which uses GPS to allow you to track people from your mobile phone of desktop PC, is under fire from privacy campaigners. They say that Google Latitude could be used to spy on unsuspecting users.
Latitude is a free tool that works from smartphones and PCs. With Latitude installed, users can use GPS and Google Maps to track other friends who are using the service. Crucially, to be tracked, people have to sign up for Google Latitude. They can also limit exactly who can track them, and where they can be tracked.
This has not placated privacy campaigners, however. Privacy International director Simon Davies said: "Many people will see this as a cool technology but the reality is it will be a privacy minefield. I would be concerned about any integrated use across Google services as their security is so poor and it's becoming the world's most pervasive system."
Announcing Google Latitude, Google's Vic Gundotra wrote: "Everything about Latitude is opt-in. You not only control exactly who gets to see your location, but you also decide the location that they see.
"For instance, let's say you are in Rome. Instead of having your approximate location detected and shared automatically, you can manually set your location for elsewhere - perhaps a visit to Niagara Falls."
This story, "Privacy Lobby Slams Google Latitude" was originally published by PC Advisor (UK) .
Chick-Fil-A's only Chicago store on Chicago Avenue in the Near North neighborhood. The store wants to build a second store in Logan Square, but the local alderman plans to block that store, over the company president's anti-gay comments. (Credit: CBS)
— The gay rights group Equality Illinois is launching a campaign against Chick-Fil-A – petitioning universities and lawmakers to evict the fast food restaurant from their campuses and planning a “kiss-in” campaign by gay and lesbian couples outside Chick-Fil-A restaurants.
The campaign by the group comes just after Ald. Proco “Joe” Moreno (1st) announced plans to block efforts by Chick-Fil-A to open a second Chicago restaurant, because the company's president vocally opposes same-sex marriage.
The campaign by Equality Illinois, dubbed “Flick-the-Hate,” urges people to sign a petition geared toward universities and malls that host Chick-Fil-A restaurants.
“As we challenge the company's anti-LGBT policies, we must also ask these universities and mall owners why they want to do business with a company that holds up hate as a family value,” Equality Illinois says.
Equality Illinois is also urging Chicagoans who support gay rights to participate in an “Eat for Love Day” on Wednesday, Aug. 1. The organization is urging people to eat at a local restaurant that supports LGBT rights and “is unafraid to show its support for equality for everyone.”
The group is asking participants to post where they are planning on eating and sent pictures. Two Boystown restaurants – the Chicago Diner at 3411 N. Halsted St., and the Hearty Boys restaurant at 3819 N. Broadway – are among those participating.
And on Friday, Aug. 3, Equality Illinois is urging gay and lesbian couples to go to their local Chick-Fil-A restaurants for a “kiss-in” campaign, which the group is promoting along with other gay rights organizations nationwide.
At the “kiss-in,” Equality Illinois says, “LGBT supporters will show their disdain for Chick-Fil-A's policies with public displays of affection in front of their restaurants.”
Chick-Fil-A has drawn a flurry of controversy ever since an article profiling the company ran last week on the Christian news site Baptist Press.
The article notes that some have opposed Chick-Fil-A's “support for the traditional family,” and goes on to quote Cathy as saying, “Guilty as charged.”
Cathy is quoted further in the July 16 Baptist Press article: “We are very much supportive of the family — the biblical definition of the family unit. We are a family-owned business, a family-led business, and we are married to our first wives. We give God thanks for that.”
Cathy further expressed his opposition to same-sex marriage in an interview last month on the radio program “The Ken Coleman Show.”
“I think we are inviting God's judgment on our nation when we shake our fist at Him and say ‘we know better than you as to what constitutes a marriage,' and I pray God's mercy on our generation that has such a prideful, arrogant attitude to think that we have the audacity to define what marriage is about,” Cathy said on the radio program.
Chick-Fil-A currently operates only one location within the Chicago city limits, at at 30 E. Chicago Ave. on the Loyola Water Tower campus. The restaurant also operates Chicago area locations at the Fox Valley center in Aurora, Orland Park, Schaumburg and Wheaton, as well as several locations downstate.
Chick-Fil-A has already obtained zoning for a second planned Chicago in the 2500 block of North Elston Avenue, in Moreno's ward. But Chick-Fil-A needs City Council approval to divide the land so it can buy out a lot near a Home Depot nearby, and Moreno says he will not be blocking the company.
Before a City Council meeting Wednesday, Moreno said he has tried to work with the company for months, but Chick-fil-A won't put its stated anti-discrimination policy into writing.
Cathy's comments also have drawn the high-profile ire of some elected officials and other companies. Boston Mayor Thomas Menino has also vowed to block Chick-Fil-A from entering his city at all.
“You called supporters of gay marriage ‘prideful.' Here in Boston, to borrow your own words, we are ‘guilty as charged,'” Menino said in a letter to Cathy, “We are indeed full of pride for our support of same-sex marriage and our work to expand freedom to all people.”
Also, earlier this week, the Jim Henson Co., the maker of the Muppets, backed out of a deal to make children's toys for Chick-Fil-A.
“The Jim Henson Company has celebrated and embraced diversity and inclusiveness for over 50 years and we have notified Chick-fil-A that we do not wish to partner with them on any future endeavors,” the company said in part in a statement published to Facebook.
KDE neon User Edition 5.6 Release Notes
KDE neon User Edition 5.6 has been released.
What's in the Release
KDE neon is a way to get the latest KDE Plasma and related software. Our installable images can be installed from a USB drive as an operating system to your hard disk. We are pleased to have implemented the main features of KDE neon and take off the tech preview label.
It is available on a rapidly updated continuous delivery model with installable images and a package archive.
It contains:
KDE Plasma 5.6
KDE Frameworks 5.22
Applications selected by KDE's Visual Design Group to work well with KDE Plasma: Kate, Firefox, Konsole, KDE Connect, VLC, Spectacle, Dolphin, Print Manager. We will now start adding all KDE applications to our package archive.
It uses the stable base of Ubuntu 16.04LTS.
We build our software using modern devops technologies that scan for the latest released sources and automatically integrate that with our packaging to make it available to users quickly and smoothly. Technologies used include Jenkins, Ruby, Aptly, Docker and on demand cloud computers.
Download the installable images now: http://neon.kde.org/download
How to Get News and Help
We use social media channels to give updates to the project and user support forums.
News:
User Support:
How to install
http://neon.kde.org/download
Take a backup of anything on your computer you don't want to lose. Installable is reliable but mistakes can happen which can wipe the hard disk.
Download a .iso file, these are large images which will take a while to download
Download ROSA Image Writer
Plug an unused USB disk into your computer
Use ROSA to write the Neon image to the USB disk
Reboot your computer and in the firmware boot from the USB disk, how you do this is different on every computer but needs boot device to be changed to USB drive which will be a hidden setting at the start of turning on the computer
KDE neon will load as a live image running from the USB drive, if you want to install it to the hard disk click the installer and follow the instructions. You can resize existing operating system installs to select between them at boot time.
Reboot into a running KDE neon
New releases of KDE Plasma and other software will be available fresh every day, use Update Manager to get the latest
Notable Issues
For notable problems in Plasma see Plasma 5.6 Errata
Package manager Plasma Discover does not display any content until a package update ( apt update ) is run
) is run Ratings in Plasma Discover do not work for apps #363611
Initial appstream database is empty and can not be updated on live system #363844
We ship Qt 5.6 so packages which only work with Qt 5.5 will not install. This includes Calibri and Qt widget themes.
Shutdown hangs for 2 minutes #363851
Reporting Bugs
Found a beastie? We are part of KDE so just report it on bugs.kde.org. If the bug is part of the application report it there. If the bug is part of the packaging then report it on neon. Currently the installer is Ubiquity from Ubuntu so you can try reporting bugs on Launchpad.
Minimum Requirements
Installing KDE neon requires:
64-bit PC (Intel or AMD)
2GB memory
10GB disk space
Press Kit
Linux Journal Gadget Guy Shawn Powers walks you through how to play Windows games on Linux.
Some of the links Shawn mentioned in the video: Cedega http://www.cedega.com Crossover Games (cxgames) http://www.codeweavers.com Wine (Wine Is Not an Emulator) http://www.winehq.org Wine Doors http://www.wine-doors.org Wine Doors is an open source Linux application designed to help install a wide variety of Windows software using Wine. While it didn't always work as expected, the interface and ease of use makes it worth checking out! Play On Linux http://www.playonlinux.com Play on Linux, while still free, takes a slightly different approach, and creates a "hard drive" for each game you install. It automates the setup process, and like Wine Doors, installs Windows applications on Linux. IEs 4 Linux http://www.tatanka.com.br IEs 4 Linux isn't really a game installer at all. If all you desire, however, is to have a version of Internet Explorer running in Linux (for proprietary websites, code testing, or just plain masochism), it makes the process VERY easy.
I rise in reluctant opposition to H Res 560, which condemns the Iranian government for its recent actions during the unrest in that country. While I never condone violence, much less the violence that governments are only too willing to mete out to their own citizens, I am always very cautious about “condemning” the actions of governments overseas. As an elected member of the United States House of Representatives, I have always questioned our constitutional authority to sit in judgment of the actions of foreign governments of which we are not representatives. I have always hesitated when my colleagues rush to pronounce final judgment on events thousands of miles away about which we know very little. And we know very little beyond limited press reports about what is happening in Iran.
Of course I do not support attempts by foreign governments to suppress the democratic aspirations of their people, but when is the last time we condemned Saudi Arabia or Egypt or the many other countries where unlike in Iran there is no opportunity to exercise any substantial vote on political leadership? It seems our criticism is selective and applied when there are political points to be made. I have admired President Obama's cautious approach to the situation in Iran and I would have preferred that we in the House had acted similarly.
I adhere to the foreign policy of our Founders, who advised that we not interfere in the internal affairs of countries overseas. I believe that is the best policy for the United States, for our national security and for our prosperity. I urge my colleagues to reject this and all similar meddling resolutions.
It's a pretty sad day in the U.S. House of Representatives with the only sane figure is Ron Paul (R-TX). Yesterday the House put aside serious governance to take up a puffed up, non-binding resolution, H.RES.560 , offered by Howard Berman, the Los Angeles neo-Con Chairman of the House Foreign Relations Committee (and one of the de facto representatives of Israel's far right Likud Party in Congress). Although one sensible progressive stalwart, Dave Loebsack (D-IA), and one usually knuckleheaded Blue Dog, Brad Ellsworth (D-IN), had the self-respect to vote "present," the superfluous resolution garnered 235 Democrats and 170 Republicans , only Ron Paul voting "nay."Does Ron Paul oppose democracy and freedom? Quite the contrary. Read his statement about the resolution and his vote:This morning the honey was dripping out of Eric Cantor's smirking mouth as he ran to every TV camera in sight to condemn the detestable Supreme Leader and, more to the point, chastise President Obama's stance, which isn't really any different from what the House passed, only without the demagoguery and incitement. Every Iranian reformer I've heard speaking on the radio has asked the U.S. government to not insert itself because it would only make matters more difficult for them. Does this matter to Mike Pence, the bloodthirsty Republicans and dim-witted Democrats? Of course not. John McCain got his first woody since originally being introduced to Sarah Palin at the thought of the streets of Tehran running with blood . Lieberman and Graham were no doubt breaking out a bottle of champagne in gleeful anticipation . The primitive religionist thugs and the military dictators in Iran are cracking skulls and claiming that the protesters are agents of America and the EU. The Iranians, on their own, with our prayers, are completely delegitimizing Supreme Leader Khamenei and the fascist dictatorship there.
Labels: Iran
The Hill:
The IRS subjected conservative groups already granted tax-exempt status to additional scrutiny during the 2012 election cycle, House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) charged on Monday.
Issa called on a Treasury watchdog already looking into the IRS to investigate the matter, and signaled he would expand his committee's probe into improper targeting of political groups given the new revelations.
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.), the ranking member on Issa's panel, accused the chairman of pushing a "political narrative" by picking choice quotes and disregarding contrary evidence.
"It is unfortunate that you persist in this pattern of selectively releasing quotes instead of conducting a responsible investigation focused on implementing real reforms. I urge you to focus on obtaining the full set of facts rather than making unsubstantiated allegations," he said in a letter sent to Issa Monday.
He said the Virginia-based Leadership Institute was audited in 2011 and 2012 for activities it engaged in during the 2008 election year, even though it had functioned as a tax-exempt organization since 1979.
It faced "invasive questions" -- including about its interns and where they went on to work -- and ended up turning over to the IRS more than 23,000 pages of documents at a cost of roughly $50,000 to comply with the inquiry, Issa said.
"It has come to the attention of the committee that in addition to inappropriate treatment given to some applicants for tax-exempt status, existing organizations already recognized as tax-exempt by the IRS, appear to have faced questionable treatment by the IRS," Issa wrote Monday in a letter to the Treasury inspector general (IG) for tax administration.
Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio), an Oversight subcommittee chairman, also signed on to the request that the Treasury watchdog do a second investigation.
Issa said the Institute was told by the IRS office conducting the audit that there would be follow-up document requests and questions. About two months later, in July 2012, the IRS concluded the audit, which is roughly the same time the Treasury IG determined the IRS changed its process for scrutinizing potential political groups applying for tax-exempt status.
How do you feel about being efficient? If you're reading this blog, I bet you like it. What if I told you your text editor could help you cut the amount of time you spend typing in half, with just a little reading and a bit of practice? For you Vim users, it's very possible that you're spending way more time typing than needed.
The software developers reading this have probably heard of the Don't Repeat Yourself principle. Developers want to avoid duplicating work, and try to write each distinct meaningful chunk of code only once. DRY is extremely powerful when it comes to code, but it's also a very useful principle in text editing. Much of the editing work we do is extremely repetitive. Vim can help you remove those inefficiencies.
If Vim's composable commands are the language of Vim, then repeating commands are it's art. For pretty much any thing you do in Vim, there are ways to automate and repeat it. These “repeating commands” are powerful tools, but it's not always easy to know what to do with them. There aren't simple rules you can learn for when to use repeating commands. Instead it takes practice, awareness, and experience.
All of Vim's commands are designed to be repeatable and undoable. So if you find yourself typing something a lot, there is likely to be a good solution for making it easier and faster. I'm going to lay out the tools for doing that, along with a few hints for knowing when to use them.
Repetition Basics: The dot command
The most important Vim tool for repetition is the dot command. Pressing . at any time will repeat the last native command you used in Vim. How is this useful? Let's say we're faced with the following code
var widget = new Widget ( ) ; var widgets = new WidgetCollection ( ) ; widgets . push ( widget ) ; if ( widget . test ( ) ) { sendMessage ( 'widget passed test' ) ; }
If we want to rename the widget variable to be more informative, how could we go about it? We'll ignore “language-wise” refactoring solutions, like ternjs, and look at the basic Vim options.
A simple find and replace causes problems. We can't distinguish between the widget we want and other occurences. :%s/widget/testWidget/g results in plenty of unwanted changes.
var testWidget = new Widget ( ) ; var testWidgets = new WidgetCollection ( ) ; testWidgets . push ( testWidget ) ; if ( testWidget . test ( ) ) { sendMessage ( 'testWidget passed test' ) ; }
It might be possible to find a complex regex that only hit the variables we want, but thats suddenly a lot of thought for what should be a simple change. We could go one by one and knock out each word one by one. But that would be a lot of repeated typing of testWidget . So what can we do?
The dot command is a nice solution. If we start on the first occurence of widget , we can use ciw to replace the current word with new text. When we've added our new text and exit insert mode, we'll have a command, which we can then repeat with . . After that we can move to the next occurence we want to change and hit . to replace it without retyping the variable name. If we accidentally use it in the wrong place, it's easy to undo with u .
Of course it would still be a pain to navigate between each widget with hjkl. Fortunately, Vim has more commands that allow us to avoid unecessary work. If we start on one instance of widget , we can use * to search for all occurences of that word. We can then use n to move from occurence to occurence. If we overshoot and go too far, we can use N to go backwards. So if we start with * (shift+8 in the gif below) and then use ciw to replace the word, we can then use n and . to clean up the other widgets in only 5 keystrokes.
The Vim Way
If you're used to another editor, I'm guessing you're justifiably a bit skeptical at this point. After all, this example is something people do all the time, and many editors have tools to make it easy (multiple selections in Sublime Text and refactoring tools in language specific IDEs like Eclipse for instance). They may take even fewer keystrokes than Vim. And they don't require you to learn 6 separate commands to use well. So what's so special here?
Let's have a quick refresher on the philosophy of Vim. Like the Unix ecosystem it came from, Vim provides small, composable tools that you can combine to create powerful actions. The power isn't in a specific use case. Instead it comes from the range of possibilities that open up when we start mixing and matching the code. As with verbs, movements, and text objects, repeating commands and their corresponding reverse commands are tools we can add to our toolbox. Using the commands above and some of the other composable commands from my language post, we can do some cool things.
We can:
Search through json files and selectively remove lines that contain an attribute we don't want to use (start on the attribute, * , dd , then use n and . repeatedly to select lines to delete)
, , then use and repeatedly to select lines to delete) Replace a long, hard to type function name throughout the document with another version without having to type out the function name (start on the function name, * , :%s//<newname>/g )
, ) Fix poorly indented lines using the . command ( >> or << , . repeatedly, u to undo if you go too far. This can easily be used on groups of lines using visual mode too)
What do all of these have in common? They all use a command once, and a movement at most once, then allow for as much repetition as you like. In Practical Vim, Drew Neil encourages actively thinking about making your actions repeatable. In many scenarios, once you've made a change and movement once, you can then get by with a single keystroke for each future action and movement, with another keystroke available to cancel an action if you go too far. Here's a partial list of repeating commands, with the corresponding cancel command to undo them.
Repeating Command Purpose Canceling Command . Repeat the last normal mode command u n Repeat the last Search N ; Repeat the last character-wise search , / / Repeat the last search N/A @: Repeat the last ex-mode command N/A @@ Repeat the last Macro used u
None of these commands are all that useful on their own, but they're each valuable things to learn as you build up your Vim toolbox. Focus on one or two to start, and learn to make edits so that you can easily repeat them. The art of Vim is learning to look for those opportunities, and crafting your commands so that they're short, powerful, and repeatable.
More Resources
Sarah Palin's defamation lawsuit against The New York Times was thrown out on Tuesday, not because the Times didn't recklessly accuse Palin of inciting the shooting of Gabrielle Giffords. It's because by the standards of standing libel law, one has to find “malice,” which is much harder to prove than the false statement of the Times. On June 14, the Times published an editorial titled "America's Lethal Politics," which exploited a leftist shooting Rep. Steve Scalise and others at a Republican softball practice to attack Palin all over again.
Can anyone imagine a liberal endorsing a legal regime on say, pollution, where it wasn't enough to prove a river was polluted, but forcing the plaintiff to prove that the polluter didn't make an honest mistake in polluting the river? That he didn't pollute with “actual malice”? This is where media corporations are more privileged than any other American corporations.
Clinton-appointed U.S. District Judge Jed Rakoff ruled that Palin's suit had “material deficiencies,” including “it failed to identify any individual who acted with actual malice.” That's an odd statement, since documents provided to the court showed that Times editorial page editor James Bennet took an energetically liberal editorial and added an aggressive coat of fabrication. Rakoff noted Bennet “effectively rewrote” the editorial, so that would seem to make it weird to say an individual was not identified. But Rakoff the psychologist ruled there was "not a shred of evidence" of malice in the mind of Bennet.
Rakoff sermonized about the lovably rowdy press:
Nowhere is political journalism so free, so robust, or perhaps so rowdy as in the United States. In the exercise of that freedom, mistakes will be made, some of which will be hurtful to others. Responsible journals will promptly correct their errors; others will not. But if political journalism is to achieve its constitutionally endorsed role of challenging the powerful, legal redress by a public figure must be limited to those cases where the public figure has a plausible factual basis for complaining that the mistake was made maliciously, that is, with knowledge it was false or with reckless disregard of its falsity. Here, plaintiff's complaint, even when supplemented by facts developed at an evidentiary hearing convened by the Court, fails to make that showing.
The opinion also describes how the Times bizarrely argued to dismiss the case by suggesting that somehow attacking “Sarah Palin's PAC” for targeting Giffords can't be defined as “of or concerning” Palin. That's laughable. The Times also bizarrely argued that Palin couldn't prove the statement was false, which is odd considering a correction was ordered. (They successfuly argued that since a correction was ordered, there was no malice.)
Under current law, no one should have expected Palin to win this case. But the case should be seen as embarrassing to the Times, and not as an occasion for a happy dance about a "robust" and "rowdy" press making recklessly false accusations....especially when the press imagines that robustly and rowdily attacking them carries the whiff of violence and tyranny...and actual malice.
Jango Fett by Brickset (Flickr)
When Blackbird Tech, a notorious patent troll, sued us earlier this year for patent infringement, we discovered quickly that the folks at Blackbird were engaged in what appeared to be the broad and unsubstantiated assertion of patents -- filing about 115 lawsuits in less than 3 years, and have not yet won a single one of those cases on the merits in court. Cloudflare felt an appropriate response would be to review all of Blackbird Tech's patents, not just the one it asserted against Cloudflare, to determine if they are invalid or should be limited in scope. We enlisted your help in this endeavor by placing a $50,000 bounty on prior art that proves the Blackbird Tech patents are invalid or overbroad, an effort we dubbed Project Jengo.
Since its inception, Project Jengo has doubled in size and provided us with a good amount of high quality prior art submissions. We have received more than 230 submissions so far, and have only just begun to scratch the surface. We have already come across a number of standouts that appear to be strong contenders for invalidating many of the Blackbird Tech patents. This means it is time for us to launch the first formal challenge against a Blackbird patent (besides our own), AND distribute the first round of the bounty to 15 recipients totaling $7,500.
We're just warming up. We provide information below on how you can identify the next set of patents to challenge, help us find prior art to invalidate those targets, and collect a bit of the bounty for yourselves.
I. Announcing Project Jengo's First Challenges (and Awards!)
We wrote previously about the avenues available to challenge patents short of the remarkable cost and delay of federal court litigation; the exact cost and delay that some Blackbird targets are looking to avoid through settlement. Specifically, we explained the process of challenging patents through inter partes review (“IPR”) and ex parte reexamination (“EPR”).
Based on the stellar Prior Art submissions, we have identified the first challenge against a Blackbird patent.
U.S. Patent 7,797,448 (“GPS-internet Linkage”)
The patent, which has a priority date of October 28, 1999, describes in broad and generic terms “[a]n integrated system comprising the Global Positioning System and the Internet wherein the integrated system can identify the precise geographic location of both sender and receiver communicating computer terminals.” It is not hard to imagine that such a broadly-worded patent could potentially be applied against a massive range of tech products that involve any GPS functionality. The alarmingly simplistic description of the patented innovation is confirmed by the only image submitted in support of the patent application, which shows only two desktop computers, a hovering satellite, and a triangle of dotted lines connecting the three items.
Blackbird filed suit in July 2016 against six companies asserting this ‘448 patent. All of those cases were voluntarily dismissed by Blackbird within three months -- fitting a pattern where Blackbird was only looking for small settlements from defendants who sought to avoid the costs and delays of litigation. A successful challenge that invalidates or limits the scope of this patent could put an end to such practices.
Project Jengo's Discovery - The patent claims priority to a provisional application filed October 28, 1999, but Project Jengo participants sourced four different submissions that raise serious questions about the novelty of the ‘448 patent when it was filed:
Research literature from April 1999 describing a system utilizing GPS cards for addressing terminals connected to the internet. “GPS-Based Geographic Addressing, Routing, and ResourceDiscovery,” Tomasz Imielinski and Julio C. Navos, Vol 42, No. 4 COMMUNICATIONS OF THE ACM (pgs. 86-92).
A request for comment from the Internet Engineering Task Force on a draft research paper from November 1996 on “integrating GPS-based geographic information into the Internet Protocol.” IETF RFC 2009
One submission included seven patents that all pre-date the priority date of the ‘448 patent (as early as July 1997) and address similar--yet more specific--efforts to use GPS location systems with computer systems.
And on a less-specific but still relevant basis, one submitter points to the APRS system that has been used by Ham Radio enthusiasts and has tagged communications with GPS location for decades.
Project Jengo participants who provided these submissions will each be given an award of $500!
What we plan to do -- Because this patent is written (and illustrated) in such broad terms, Blackbird has shown a willingness to sue under this patent, and Project Jengo has uncovered significant prior art, we think this case provides a promising basis to challenge the ‘448 patent. We are preparing an ex parte reexamination of the ‘448 patent, which we expect to file with the US Patent and Trademark Office in October. Again, you can read about an ex parte challenge here. We expect that after review, the USPTO will invalidate the patent. Although future challenges may be funded through crowdsourcing or other efforts, we will be able to fund this challenge fully through funds already set aside for Project Jengo, even though this patent doesn't implicate Cloudflare's services.
US Patent 6,453,335 (the one asserted against Cloudflare)
Project Jengo participants have also done an incredible job identifying relevant prior art on the patent asserted against Cloudflare by Blackbird Tech. Blackbird claims that the patent describes a system for monitoring an existing data channel and inserting error pages when transmission rates fall below a certain level. We received a great number of submissions on that patent and are continuing our analysis.
Cloudflare recently filed a brief with the U.S. District Court in which we pointed to eleven pieces of prior art submitted by Jengo participants that we expect will support invalidity in the litigation:
Bounty hunters who first submitted this prior art that was already used in the case will each receive $500. The Project Jengo Team at Cloudflare is continuing analysis of all the prior art submissions, and we still need your help! The litigation is ongoing and we will continue to provide a bounty to prior art submissions that are used to invalidate the Blackbird patents.
The Search Goes On… with new armor
These challenges to Blackbird patents are only the start. Later in this blog post, we provide an extensive report on the status of the search for prior art on all the Blackbird patents, and include a number of new patents we've uncovered. Keep looking for prior art on the Blackbird patents, we still have plenty of bounties to award and a number of patents ripe for a challenge. You can send us your prior art submissions here.
Even if you didn't receive a cash award (yet), our t-shirts are about to hit the streets! Everyone who submitted prior art to Project Jengo will be receiving a t-shirt. If you previously made a submission, we've emailed you instructions for ordering your shirt. This offer will remain open for the duration of Project Jengo for anyone that submits new prior art on any of the Blackbird patents. Enjoy your new armor!
II. Elsewhere in Project Jengo...
Ethics complaint update
We know Blackbird's “new model” is dangerous to innovation and merits scrutiny, so we previously lodged ethics complaints against Blackbird Tech with the bar disciplinary committees in Massachusetts and Illinois. This week, we sent an additional letter to the USPTO's Office of Enrollment and Discipline asking them to look into possible violations of the USPTO Rules of Professional Conduct. As with the other jurisdictions, the USPTO Rules of Professional Conduct prohibit attorneys from acquiring a proprietary interest in the lawsuit (Rule §11.108(i)), sharing fees or equity with non-lawyers (Rules 11.504(a) and 11.504(d). Blackbird's “new model” seems to violate these ethical standards.
Getting the word out
Cloudflare's Project Jengo continues to drive conversation about the corrosive problem of patent trolls. Since our last blog update, our efforts have continued to draw attention in the press. For the latest, you can see...
“The hunted becomes the hunter: How Cloudflare's fight with a ‘patent troll' could alter the game,” -- TechCrunch
“Cloudflare gets another $50,000, to fight ‘new breed of patent troll,'”
-Ars Technica
“This 32-year-old state senator is trying to get patent trolls out of Massachusetts,” -- TechCrunch
III. A Progress Report on Challenges to the Blackbird Patents
As you continue your search for prior art as part of Project Jengo, we've updated our chart of Blackbird patents, and identified a number of new patents and applications we've found that Blackbird has acquired.
As reflected on the chart (in red), so far 5 of the patents are being challenged or have been invalidated. In addition to our pending challenge of the ‘448 patent:
In June 2016, Blackbird Tech sued software maker kCura LLC and nine of its resellers for allegedly infringing U.S. Patent 7,809717, which was described as a Method and Apparatus for Concept-based Visual Presentation of Search Results. kCura makes specialized software used by law firms during document review. The judge in kCura's case invalidated every claim in the ‘717 patent because the “abstract idea” of using a computer instead of a lawyer to perform document review cannot be patented.
US Patent 6,434,212 -- This patent seeks protection for “a pedometer having improved accuracy by calculating actual stride lengths.” Numerous challenges to this patent have been filed with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB), which adjudicates some IPR challenges. There are currently challenges against this “Pedometer” patent that have been filed by Garmin, TomTom and Fitbit.
US Patent 7,129,931 -- This patent for a “multipurpose computer display system” is undergoing IPR challenge brought by Lenovo, Inc.
US Patent 7,174,362 -- This patent for a “method and system for supplying products from pre-stored digital data in response to demands transmitted via computer network” was challenged by Unified Patents, Inc.
In the charts below, we've highlighted 11 Blackbird patents (in green) that seem ripe for challenge -- based on a combination of the fact that they seem broadly applicable to important industries, may have already been the basis of a Blackbird lawsuit, and/or already have some valuable prior art sourced through Project Jengo. We'll take submissions on any Blackbird patent, but these are the patents we're focused on and should get extra attention from Project Jengo participants seeking a bounty.
After our review is a bit further down the road, we'll make all the prior art we've received on these patents available to the public so that anyone facing a challenge from Blackbird can defend themselves. We hope to have that information posted by the end of October.
And finally, Cloudflare is funding the first ex parte challenge fully out of funds it has set aside or had donated to Project Jengo. Should any of these patents hit home for you, and you are interested in supporting this fight financially, please reach out to Jengo@cloudflare.com.
-Happy Hunting!
-Project Jengo Submissions
-Newly Uncovered Blackbird Patents
The character left at the end of Season 12.
Philadelphia got a little less sunny when it was revealed that Dennis (Glenn Howerton) would be leaving the gang after 12 seasons on the irreverent comedy. This came as quite a blow to fans, as the main cast had remained unchanged since Danny DeVito joined at the beginning of the second season. According to Charlie Day, however, there may be hope yet: “I imagine we've not seen the last of Dennis Reynolds,” the actor tells HuffPost.
“We really never want to do the show without Dennis. There is a possibility that maybe we would have Dennis in part of a season, not a complete season,” he adds. “I think we would still do a great season. There is a possibility that we have Dennis for an entire season, which would be fantastic.”
Howerton is set to star in the new sitcom “AP Bio” alongside Patton Oswalt for NBC, hence his departure from “It's Always Sunny.” Read Day's full interview here.
“It's Always Sunny” wrapped up its 12th season in March, and the series is already renewed for two more seasons.
Google appeared to be suffering service issues early Thursday.
Functions such as Google search and Gmail stopped working for people in countries including the UK, Netherlands, Iceland, France, and India. For some, Google services went down altogether, while others suffered intermittent outages. The episode was brief.
Lots of people reported on Twitter that they experienced issues.
Twitter
Isitdownrightnow.com also appeared to confirm the issue:
Isitdownrightnow.com
Tim Dcruz, who works for WeAreHere.net, got in touch with Business Insider to say the outage was due to a DNS [domain name system] error. It means the networking equipment used to send data between IP addresses and domain names was as fault.
In a blog post, monitoring firm BGPMon said the downtime was due to a routing leak by an Indian ISP.
Google declined to comment after Business Insider reached the company by phone. We tried to reach the company by Gmail, but that service was down at the time, too.
The company did, however, direct us to its Apps Status Dashboard, which stated that none of its services were experiencing issues on Thursday morning.
Google
A Google outage is a rare but annoying occurrence: Google is a popular primary search function, and many business email accounts run on Gmail. Thousands, possibly millions, of people Thursday morning were faced with the task of trying to navigate the web without Google. It's surprisingly difficult!
Google outages can also be incredibly disruptive even when they are brief, as this one was. Google's Doubleclick ad server went down for an hour in November, and it probably cost publishers who use the service millions of dollars.
By coincidence, on Wednesday Apple suffered a huge outage that brought its online store iTunes, the App Store, and other services offline for a couple of hours.
The revival of the family reality series will not be moving forward at the Viacom-owned cable network.
The Osbournes won't be coming back after all.
VH1's planned reboot of the former MTV reality series featuring Ozzy, Sharon, Jack and Kelly Osbourne is not moving forward, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
"We are no longer talking to the Osbournes about a series; that's not going to happen," Susan Levison, exec vp original programming and production at VH1, told THR. "We wish we could have worked it out, but it just didn't come together for us. The family has been absolutely lovely and we wish them the best. We'd love to figure out a way to work with them at some point in the future."
The decision to scrap the planned revival of The Osbournes — which ran for four seasons on MTV — comes after Sharon Osbourne had been public about bringing the series back with a six- or eight-episode run.
VH1's plan to revive the series came 10 years after the show signed off at its sibling network, where its freshman run was MTV's most-viewed series at that point. The family also was at the center of a Fox variety show, The Osbournes Reloaded, which was canceled after one low-rated episode.
VH1's planned revival also had its behind-the-scenes issues. In a lawsuit filed April 3 in California federal court, JOKS — the production company behind the MTV series and of which Jack Osbourne is a member — sued Schweet Entertainment. The company claims Schweet, which Osbourne owns with producing partners Rob Worsoff and Brian Wendel, has a 55 percent interest in any upcoming episodes of The Osbournes.
VH1's move to forgo the planned revival also leaves Kelly Osbourne without a gig after she left her role as a panelist on E!'s Fashion Police.
The Osbournes marked the latest reality series to be rebooted as networks look to library titles in their continuing struggle to find a new unscripted format. Fox revived Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader; BET is bringing back Punk'd; NBC was eying a reboot of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous with new host Nick Cannon; and ABC brought back BattleBots, among others.
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
IPv4 to IPv6 - CIOs Who Haven't Planned for IPv6 Transition Need to Act Now
The Internet's supply of IPv4 addresses is quickly becoming empty, setting the clock ticking on the final exhaustion of the Internet numbering plan that the world has used for over three decades. Expected to occur in March of 2011, the event will be a wake-up call for connected organizations everywhere. It is clearer than ever before that IPv6 transition plans are urgently needed. Once all IPv4 addresses are depleted, organizations will only be able to receive IPv6 address space.
If the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) has not already assigned its last blocks of address space, it will certainly do so over the next few months. Potaroo's IPv4 Address Report, which has historically proven quite conservative, currently has IANA handing the last five blocks of IPv4 to the world's five Regional Internet Registries by February 17, 2011. The same estimates see the Regional Internet Registries (RIRs) allocating their last smaller chunks of addresses to ISPs in early November this year. In 2012, it will become increasingly difficult for organizations to seek IPv4 address space allocations through the usual channels, and IPv6 will start to become more and more of an everyday reality for Internet users worldwide.
If you haven't started to work on an IPv6 strategy yet, you're probably behind the curve. IPv6 was designed largely to solve the IP address exhaustion problem. It exponentially increases the amount of address space available to Internet-connected devices. IPv4 addresses, which are represented by a 32-bit number, enables a mere 4,294,967,296 (4.3 billion) IP addresses. IPv6 uses 128 bits, allowing 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 (340 trillion trillion trillion) addresses. As a result, IPv6 is also far less easy on the human eye. Network administrators, perhaps accustomed to carrying several dotted decimal IPv4 addresses (such as 127.0.0.1) around in their heads, will have bigger problems memorizing more than a couple hexadecimal IPv6 addresses, such as 2001:0DB8:0234:AB00:0123:4567:8901:ABCD.
Related Reading - The Increasing Importance of Securing The Smart Grid
But memorizing numbers will be the least of their headaches. Despite the fact that the IPv6 protocol has been standardized and in production on a small scale for well over a decade, the inevitable transition to IPv6 presents substantial challenges for ensuring the end-to-end stability and performance of IP networks and the Internet as a whole. It's perhaps not surprising that so few organizations today have started implementing their IPv6 strategies (if they have them), preferring instead to wait and see if alternative solutions emerge. We'll discover over the next 12 months that the time for procrastinating is finished, and that the exhaustion of the IPv4 pool will prove a watershed moment that will kick-start adoption of IPv6.
Before the end of the year, the RIRs will run out of IPv4 addresses to allocate to ISPs in their respective regions. Not too long after that, ISPs that have previously dealt entirely with IPv4 will start to receive their first chunks of IPv6, which they will in turn start to assign to their address-hungry customers. At this point, the number of IPv6 end users on the Internet will begin to rapidly increase, and the only way content providers will be able to serve these people is if they, and their upstream providers, also support IPv6. Any organization that runs a mission-critical, public-facing Web site will face this predicament.
Many believe that the move to IPv6 should be a board-level risk management concern, equivalent to the Y2K problem or Sarbanes-Oxley compliance. During the late 1990s, technology companies worldwide scoured their source code for places where critical algorithms assumed a two-digit date. This seemingly trivial software development issue was of global concern, so many companies made Y2K compliance a strategic initiative. The transition to IPv6 is of similar importance. Google, for example, has spent the last three years looking for IPv4 addresses that have been hard-coded into its software, as well as for instances where its source code assumes a 32-bit address. As more companies start to wake up to IPv6, this kind of compliance project will become more widespread.
It will take years for the Internet to fully switch to IPv6, so organizations need to prepare for a world in which both protocols are used simultaneously. This presents its own set of challenges. An ideal solution would be for everyone to run both protocols together, in a dual-stack configuration. New mobile devices and Voice over IP (Internet Phone) systems that come online after IPv4 addresses are exhausted will be forced to connect from IPv6 only environments.
Gateways and tunneling solutions are band-aids, and they are likely to present problems of stability, performance and functionality. Most network gateway hardware will have limitations – testing has shown that many products that are ostensibly "IPv6-compatible" often either don't enable the same full IPv4 feature set when using the newer protocol, or have implemented IPv6 only in software, creating performance bottlenecks not experienced when using a hardware-accelerated IPv4 stack.
There's a lot to consider, and the sooner wired organizations start to consider IPv6 at the strategic level, making it part of their risk management strategies, the better prepared they will be to cope with the transition. Staff needs to be trained in IPv6 best practices, not just in software development but also in technology procurement departments. Organizations should consider making supporting the IPv6 strategy a performance metric by which relevant employees are evaluated. Suppliers, such as ISPs and hardware manufacturers, should be coaxed into providing IPv6 functionality that is equivalent to that enjoyed in the IPv4 world. The IPv6 transition plan is worthy of board-level status reports.
The inevitable switchover to IPv6 has been anticipated for a long time, but the cutover is imminent. When the IANA runs out of IPv4 addresses, headlines will be created, even more awareness will be raised, and hands will be forced. Wheels will be set in motion for a more rapid adoption of IPv6 than we've seen over the 12 years since the protocol was standardized. CIOs who have not planned IPv6 transition plans as part of their strategic agenda must act now, or risk the entire enterprise online.
Related Reading - The Increasing Importance of Securing The Smart Grid
Photo: Peretz PartenskyIt's hard to put a finger on the exact moment the crap took over Americans' lives, but I know exactly when it happened to me. And as we head into a day of national gluttony followed by a collective, orgiastic display of shopping, I've resolved to do more than weather the onslaught. I want to look into my own personal relationship with crap — and I hope others will, too.
My story starts in 1997, when I moved from Montana to a small town in Colorado, where I'd landed my first paying job in journalism. I made the trip in my Toyota Tercel wagon — and I brought everything I owned with me.
A decade later, when my wife and I decamped for the East Coast, it took a 24-foot rental truck to accomplish the same task — and that was after two epic yard sales, in which my wife and mother-in-law, inveterate saleswomen, unloaded all manner of junk on the unsuspecting public, including a jungle of half-dead house plants, a pile of dirty cinderblocks, a dozen half-used cans of paint, and a 40-year-old ten-speed bike with two flat tires.
I remember driving across Kansas, thinking that there was a lifetime of accumulated posessions in the back of that truck. No doubt each item had some special meaning, but at that moment, it all seemed like useless baggage. “I could drive this thing into a lake,” I thought, “and be done with it forever.”
Everything I really gave a damn about — my wife, our 3-year-old daughter Lucia, and the dog — had gone ahead in our new Subaru. Was there anything back there that I'd miss? My bike, I decided — I'd be crippled without that. But it was the last thing to go in, so I could always pull it out, then drive the truck into the lake.
Fortunately for my junk (and my marriage) Kansas does not abound in lakes.
Don't get me wrong: I'm fond of my stuff. I have enough skiing and mountain climbing gear to outfit a Himalayan expedition. I steadfastly cling to the notion that I must own a copy of every book that I've ever read. And in my decade and a half as a journalist, I've amassed a formidable archive of notes, folders, and three-volume environmental impact statements. My wife's weaknesses seem to be in clothes, kitchen gadgets, and knicknacks. (Ask me about the ceramic cats her parents picked up on their honeymoon sometime.)
These hoarding tendencies would be fine if we were the sort of people who kept everything in its place. We're not. Neither of us inherited that gene. My wife's shoes litter the house like beer bottles after a bender. (The dog does his part by scattering our footwear to the far corners of the property.) And me? I will someday be found dead beneath the pile of papers that have avalanched off my desk.
Add two kids to the mix and you have a recipe for complete domestic disaster. Lucia, now 7, has amassed a menagerie of stuffed animals so vast that the creatures boil from beneath her bed and skitter across the floors. Her little sister, 3, likes to torture her by hiding the “stuffies” behind the furniture, where I swear they breed. Then there are the LEGOs and the blocks and the crayons and the puzzle pieces — and 1,001 children's books that would probably be better used if half of them were donated to the library.
At our house, the crap rules. But it's getting better, thanks to a little unintended experiment we've recently undertaken.
Two months ago, we uprooted again and moved cross-country (hopefully for the last time) to Seattle. Our lives were in such upheaval — a new job for me, new schools for the kids, a huge question mark for my wife — that there was no time to unpack all those boxes. Instead, we unloaded what we needed to survive day-to-day and shoved the rest into closets or the basement.
And there it has stayed — it's amazing how little we miss the junk.
Every time we rifle through boxes to find some lost implement, we come up with a dozen other things that we didn't miss, and add them to the growing mountain of giveaways in the basement. Sure, the house is still a wreck. But it's a manageable wreck. It is possible to get from one room to another without fear of tripping over something and breaking your neck. The children, bereft of most of their toys, actually play with the handful of things that we've unpacked for them.
Last week, as I sat at my computer preparing to write this column, Lucia climbed into my lap. We watched Annie Leonard's animated short, The Story of Stuff, in which she explains what goes into making the crap we accumulate and where it goes when we're done with it. Of all the products we buy, Leonard says, only 1 percent is still being used half a year later: “Ninety-nine percent of this stuff is trashed in six months.” Meanwhile, for every can of garbage we haul out to the curb, 70 cans of waste were generated “upstream” — in the making and shipping of the product.
When the film ended, I asked Lucia what she thought. She was quiet. Thinking. Then she hopped off my lap and went on with her day. I wouldn't have known that anything had come of it if my wife hadn't mentioned a few days later that Lucia had given her an earful. “See that, mom? That's stuff. That? Stuff. That? More stuff!” She even allowed that she could live with a little less of it.
No doubt over time our belongings will begin to expand to fill our half-empty home. (In the immortal words of George Carlin, a house is just “a place to keep your stuff while you go out and get more stuff.”) But we're talking about finding a smaller place, purging still more of the clutter. There's even a little houseboat for sale down on the water. Maybe, just maybe, we could boil our belongings down to the point where we could make a fast getaway — no need for the moving truck this time, or ever again.
At any rate, this Black Friday, you won't find this guy at the mall. I'm going to be busy taking a load of stuff to Goodwill (Ceramic cats be warned!) — and maybe dropping by the SPCA to get a few stuffies neutered. I've got better things to do with my time than managing crap. How about you?
CALAIS, Maine — Authorities said a 22-year-old man died after he launched a firework off the top of his head on Saturday night.
WCSH reported that 22-year-old Devon Staples and his friends were drinking at the time of the incident. It reportedly happened in the backyard of one of Staples' friend's homes in Calais, Maine.
According to the state Department of Public Safety, Staples placed a fireworks mortar tube on his head and set it off. He died instantly after the firework exploded.
The victim's brother, Cody Staples, told the New York Daily News it was an accident. He said his brother was holding a lighter and it accidentally caused the firework to go off.
“I was the first one who got there. There was no rushing him to the hospital. There was no Devon left when I got there,” his brother said. “It was a freak accident. …. But Devon was not the kind of person who would do something stupid. He was the kind of person who would pretend to do something stupid to make people laugh.”
Staple lives in Orlando where he used to work at Disney World a. He was most recently working as a dog walker.
Officials say this is the first fireworks-attributed death in Maine since they were legalized two years ago.
Though America's political dynasties are closing ranks behind Clinton (see our story from earlier today), the truth is that even the political establishment is not exactly in charge of the country. No matter who wins will still have to get their agenda past the military-industrial-intelligence complex.
The observations below, which WhoWhatWhy Editor-in-Chief Russ Baker made in 2010 and which have since proved to be prescient, remain valid today and well worth re-publishing.
***
The first anniversary of Barack Obama's historic election finds many of his supporters already grousing. Fair enough: Obama has been more vigorous in some areas than others. But one essential question goes unasked: How much can any president accomplish against the wishes of recalcitrant power centers within his own government?
“We Americans harbor a quaint belief that a new president takes charge of a government that eagerly awaits his next command. Like an orchestra conductor or perhaps a football coach, he can inspire or bludgeon and get what he wants. But that's not how things work at the top…”
We Americans harbor a quaint belief that a new president takes charge of a government that eagerly awaits his next command. Like an orchestra conductor or perhaps a football coach, he can inspire or bludgeon and get what he wants. But that's not how things work at the top, especially where “national security” is concerned.
The Pentagon and CIA are powerful and independent fiefdoms characterized by entrenched agendas and constant intrigue. They are full of lifers, who see an elected president largely as an annoyance, and have ways of dealing with those who won't come to heel.
Obama, then, has to contend not only with the big donors and corporate lobbies. His biggest problem resides right inside his “team.”
An Invisible Game
The internal battles between American presidents and their national security establishments are not much reported. But if it is an invisible game, it is also a devious and even deadly one. Our civilian leaders end up mirroring the chronically nervous chiefs of state of the fragile democracies to our south.
Those who do not kowtow to the spies and generals have had a bumpy ride. FDR and Truman both faced insubordination. Dwight Eisenhower, who had served as chief of staff of the US Army, left the White House warning darkly about the “military industrial complex.” (He of all presidents had reasons to know.)
John Kennedy was repeatedly countermanded and double-crossed by his own supposed subordinates. The Joint Chiefs baited him; Allen Dulles despised him (more so after JFK fired him over the Bay of Pigs fiasco), and Henry Cabot Lodge, his ambassador to South Vietnam, deliberately undermined Kennedy's agenda. Kennedy called the trigger-happy generals “mad” and spoke angrily to aides of “scattering the CIA to the wind.” The evidence is growing that he suffered the consequences.
In the 1950s, the late Col. L. Fletcher Prouty, a high-ranking Pentagon official, was assigned by CIA Director Allen Dulles to help place Dulles's officers under military cover throughout the federal government.
As a result, Dulles not only knew what was happening before the president did, but had essentially infiltrated every corner of the president's domain.
Jimmy Carter… tried to dismantle the agency's dirty tricks office, but wound up instead a victim of it — and a one-term president.
One Nixon-era Republican Party official told me that in the early 1970s, there were intelligence officers everywhere, including the White House. Nixon was unaware of the true background of many of his trusted aides, particularly those who helped drive him from office. Remember Alexander Butterfield, the so-called “military liaison,” who told Congress about the White House taping system? Years later, Butterfield admitted to CIA connections.
In December 1971, Nixon learned of a military spy ring, the so-called Moorer-Radford operation, that was piping White House documents back to the Joint Chiefs of Staff. The Chiefs were wary of secret negotiations the president and Henry Kissinger were conducting with America's enemies, including North Vietnam, China and the USSR, and decided to keep tabs on this intrusion upon their domain.
Jimmy Carter came into office as revelations of CIA abuses made headlines. He tried to dismantle the agency's dirty tricks office, but wound up instead a victim of it — and a one-term president.
Those who avoided problems — Johnson, Reagan, Bush Sr. and Jr. — were chief executives that made no problems for the Pentagon and intelligence chiefs. All embraced military and covert operations, expanded wars or launched their own. The agile Bill Clinton was a special case — no babe in the woods, he focused on domestic gains and pretty much steered clear of the hornets' nest.
As for the Bushes, their ascension represented a seizure of power by the national security state itself. Their family had profited from arms manufacturing for decades. The patriarch, Prescott Bush, monitored US assassination plots against foreign leaders as a senator; and records indicate that the elder George Bush had been a secret agency operative for decades before he became CIA director — and then, 12 years later, president.
Boxing In Obama
Obama seems to understand his narrow range of movement, and to be carefully picking his fights. He retained many of Bush's top military brass, and even Bush's Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who himself had served as a CIA director for Bush's father. Obama has trod very carefully with the spy agency and has declined to aggressively investigate Bush administration wrongdoing on torture and wiretapping. Obama's campaign rhetoric about disengaging from Iraq seems a long time ago, and the war in Afghanistan is taking on the hues of permanency.
The old boys' network is very much in place, and it is hard at work to force Obama's hand, a la Vietnam. Witness the leaking of Gen. Stanley McChrystal's supposedly “confidential report” calling for escalation in Afghanistan.
The leak was, not surprisingly, to the reliable Bob Woodward. The reporter was himself in Naval Intelligence shortly before he went to work at the Washington Post, where he soon built a career around leaks from the military and spy establishment. The White House was furious at the McChrystal release. But what could it do? Presidents come and go, and the security folks have ways to hasten the latter.
Covert alliances and payments to corrupt foreign allies continue, making creative diplomacy more difficult. In late October came a front-page story that the brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai, suspected of being a major figure in that country's opium trade, has been on the CIA's payroll for eight years. Anyone who finds this shocking should go back and read about the CIA and the drug trade in Southeast Asia.
Throughout its six-decade history, the CIA has resisted accountability, with even some of its own non-spook directors kept in the dark about the agency's most troubling activities. As for the public's elected representatives, Nancy Pelosi is the most recent in a long line of legislators to accuse the CIA of deliberately misleading Congressional overseers.
None of this is likely to change soon, and not without a huge fight. Half a century after Ike's famous admonition, conflict and intrigue remain the engine of our economy, and everyone from private equity firms to missile makers to car and truck manufacturers count on that to continue. The homeland security industry, the most recent head to grow on this hydra, is now seeking permanency.
So Barack Obama is boxed in. But so are the American people, and so, really, is democracy itself. Bringing this inconvenient truth out in the open is the essential first step toward taking back control of our government — and our future. For all the reasons laid out here, Obama will need help. He may, in the rote formulation, hold “the most powerful office in the world.” However, the extent to which he controls the government he heads is another matter.
Where else do you see journalism of this quality and value? Please help us do more. Make a tax-deductible contribution now.
Our Comment Policy Keeps it civilized, keep it relevant, keep it clear, keep it short. Please do not post links or promotional material. We reserve the right to edit and to delete comments where necessary. Related print
Samsung's been so wrapped up in marketing the Gear Fit that it's gone ahead and accidentally announced the Galaxy Tab 4 in the process.
The slip-up comes on a Gear Fit advert which lists in small print all of the devices which are compatible with it. You can see where this is going can't you?
Last on the list was the Galaxy Tab 4, which was shown as coming in three different screen sizes, specifically 7-, 8- and 10.1-inches.
Don't get too excited
That tallies with previous rumours we'd heard about the range. We'd heard that all the tablets will come with 1280 x 800 WXGA TFT screens, 1.2GHz quad-core processors and Android 4.4.
The rumours also suggest that the 10.1- and 8-inch models will have 1.5GB of RAM and 16GB of internal storage and the 7-inch model will have just 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage - not the most inspiring set of specs.
The only other thing to take away from its appearance on a Gear Fit advert is that the Galaxy Tab 4 range may launch quite soon.
By listing them as compatible devices there's a suggestion that they'll be available before or at the same time as the Gear Fit, which is likely to hit shelves in April.
After something higher end? Check out the Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro
Via BGR
You should not be fooled by the word “marijuana” in the name “synthetic marijuana”—it has little in common with the real natural pot. It may have the similar “high” effect, but the way it works is totally different. While there are many discussions about the benefit that medical marijuana can bring to human health, synthetic pot is deadly toxic. Even one of the chemists who originally designed this stuff—John W. Huffman, Ph.D.—once said that the people who try synthetic marijuana recreationally must be “idiots.”
Synthetic marijuana is also known by dozens of street names: K 2, Skunk, fake weed, Spice, Blaze, Black Mamba, Moon Rocks, Yucatan Fire. Some are named after Huffman and use his initials in their titles—JWH 018, 073, and other numerical suffixes.
Maybe it is because of the recent “marijuana legalization boom” or due to some other reasons, but the number of synthetic pot users has been rising during the last five years, and so have the horrible consequences that an overdose brings. In New Hampshire, where there is still no explicit ban on synthetic weed, the situation is very serious. The Governor Maggie Hassan even declared a public health emergency because of this drug.
Quote from: ldog on August 27, 2014, 05:36:43 pm My own modification of this [TITLE:Wiki - raw materials to make tools, heaps of coal (minmax build)] out of the extras folder works well (for me anyway):
Discipling and swimming 1 on all.
1. Mining 1-3 & Armorsmith 5
2. Mining 1-3 & Weaponsmith 5
3. Carpenter 1, Woodcutting 1, Diagnose 2, Dress wounds 1, Surgery 1, Set bone 1, Suture 1
4. Plant 5, Brewing 1-2 Armorsmith 1 (in case of strange mood)
5. Plant 5, Cooking 1-2, Armorsmith 1 (in case of strange mood)
6. Masonry 3, Architect 1, Appraiser 1, Judge of intent 1, Persuasion 1, Negotiator 1 or possibly Mechanic and Stonecrafter 1 instead of the last 2 (becomes leader and broker)
7. Metalcraft 5 (mechanic instead if you are really into traps), Smelt 1, Wood burning 1, Blacksmith 1 (or really anything you want here depending on embark conditions and your plans)
I really like your approach! Is the metalcraft 5 for bolt smithing? I'm also thinking about giving dwarfs single medical skills since you do not wish to train them on your wounded dwarfs. Woodcutting is completely useless at the start imho because most of your time will be spent hurling all the blocks. At later stages the hurling time takes even more time. This is probably new to 0.4x versions though since the trees yield a lot of blocks.
What would you cut if you tried to start out with a dedicated hunter/marksdwarf and how would you skill him?
I tend to have problems acquiring the leather needed for military uses (quivers+backpacks). What poultry is best suited to help in this regard btw? From the wiki I think Blue Peafowl but I'm not sure, maybe there is poultry that yields leather when butchered without being fully grown?
Another thing I couldn't really find info about is how profession impacts skill rust and xp gain when dwarfs do different work. Does it have an impact at all? Having read the wiki article about moodable skills it seems that you do not want your weapon/armor smiths to become miners.
Thanks in advance for any tips on those matters!
Metalcraft 5 for general crafting utility (tradegoods), metal bolts are made by weaponsmith. I've found you can make it with anything for trading. My current game I got carried away digging and building and I forgot about the caravan til it showed. Last minute I had my low-skilled carpenter making wooden corkscrews and I still was able to trade for just about everything the caravan had.Number 7 (the metalsmith) is the dwarf I would cut for the marksdwarf if you want to start out with one (which is a very good idea for more difficult embarks). Markswarf 5 and...ambush is used for hunting. I don't know how fast it trains or how much effect it really has. I've not a lot of experience with hunting. I'd probably go with a level of armor, shield and ambush (and of course swimming & discipline) since it seems to me armor and shield take forever to get the 1st level on an untrained dwarf.The birds, I wish I knew. I'm having bad luck again in that I seem to have gotten a sterile bunch for embark. It takes a few years to get your leather industry going no matter what it seems. I butcher everything I can and make sure to trade for all the leather and any packs & quivers I can afford the first few caravans.You are correct that letting the smiths get their mining skill high is counterproductive for strange moods. Depending on what my first two migrant waves look like I try to retire them from mining asap, sometimes you get lucky and have high level smiths immigrate (like my current game) so the starters may remain miners their whole lives. I've also been starting that 7th (metalsmith) as a miner as well, so I have 3 to start with. When they aren't crafting I'll have weapon and armorsmith work the furnaces as well. Skill-rust doesn't seem to be that big a deal. Pretty easy to prevent/get rid of if you just remember to have them do say skill at least once or twice a year. Medical of course there's nothing you can do (other than purposely get someone injured). Discipline on civilians will keep rust-free if you make them go by the corpse pile (requires corpses of course) once in a while. Anytime they get horrified they will get xp. Really squeamish ones I have seen get to lvl 4.Medical I am not sure it pays to spread the skills around. Current game I've gotten a lot of immigrants with 1-2 very high medical skills, but I am starting to strongly suspect that the dr skills don't affect the quality of treatment but only time to perform task (like many other skills). I've got 1 gimp around for a few years who got really badly wounded early on, was cleaned, sutured, dressed, splinted etc. Still walks on a crutch (motor nerve damage and torn arteries in his leg which I guess are not fixable by dwarven medicine) and has trouble breathing & an infection in lungs and upper body (had a lung puncture) I retired him from military duty, let him go back to his original profession of hunter, figured let him die doing what he enjoyed, but he has become an effective hunter even with his injuries (I notice he does clean himself frequently which keeps his infection under control I guess). I'm rambling again, but anyway, treatment history shows everything required was done, original diagnosis by a lvl 6 but subsequents by a lvl 13 so I doubt anything was missed. The few others wounded (who didn't get brutally killed in battle) I had have had 100% recovery from their injuries, even one with a broken back (arrow vs steel mail, guess it was just a chipped bone) and my bone dr isn't very skilled.
Ralf Schulte and Alexander Brandenburger have found a new way to package and sell catharsis.
The two Germany entrepreneurs call it “Schimp-los” or (swear away), according to Reuters.
“Call” is the operative word here, because that's exactly what you do—you call. And then you let it all out.
It's a hotline, a swear-line (maybe a hate-line?) where for 1.49 euros a minute you can have your very own verbal punching bag. (Here's the website.)
One of their representatives—a real person—is waiting for you to cruse, scream, insult, demean, belittle, humiliate, and offend them.
Imagine the sales pitch:
“For only 1.49 a minute you can tell you boss to go F--- himself. Or tell your girlfriend how you really feel about Sunday morning shoe shopping. Our listeners are waiting. So call NOW!”
Right?
On Schimp-los' Facebook page, a woman asks, “Is it possible to call from South Africa?”
Maybe Schulte and Brandenburger are really on to something.
But maybe the fact that there is a demand for a service like this—the very fact that Schimp-los' exists, is a giant, flashing red light signaling how momentously disconnected some people feel from the rest of humankind.
There are priests, rabbis, and mullahs; there are friends, girlfriends, and boyfriends; there are psychologists and therapists, and even bartenders with sympathetic ears who will actually serve you alcohol if you pay them, and who will listen your woe-is-me tale or rage-filled diatribe.
Surely one of these civil servants will listen to you. And who knows, they might actually have some good advice.
But the really crazy thing about all this: absurd comedy predated absurd reality, as Spiegel Online pointed out.
Azita Raji (Persian: آزیتا راجی‎, born September 29, 1961) is an Iranian-born American diplomat, banker, and philanthropist. She was nominated by President Barack Obama in October 2014[1] to serve as the United States ambassador to the Kingdom of Sweden,[2] and confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate in February 2016.[3][4][5] She presented her credentials to His Majesty Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden on March 15, 2016,[6][7] and completed her tour of duty on January 20, 2017.[8][9]
Ambassador Raji was nominated for the State Department's highest award for a non-career ambassador, the Sue M. Cobb Prize for Exemplary Diplomatic Service. She was the first female United States ambassador to Sweden, as well as the first Iranian-born American to serve as an ambassador of the United States.[10]
Biography [ edit ]
Born in Tehran, Iran, Raji completed her high school education in Lausanne, Switzerland, where she competed nationally as a downhill skier and chess player, before moving to the United States at the age of 17.[11] She earned a Bachelor of Arts in 1983 in architecture and French from Barnard College, Columbia University, followed by a Master of Business Administration in 1991 in Finance from Columbia Business School. Raji became a U.S. citizen in 1988.
Raji is a Chartered Financial Analyst (C.F.A.) and has been a member of the Institute for Chartered Financial Analysts since 1991. She is a member of the Bretton Woods Committee, an elite organization which supports international finance institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund.[12] Earlier in her career as an international investment banker, she held senior positions at firms including J.P. Morgan, Salomon Brothers and Drexel Burnham Lambert.[13][14]
By 2008, Raji had left the financial sector to focus on national politics. In 2012, she served as National Finance Vice Chair and Chair of Swing State Victory Fund for the Obama campaign. Raji was a national advisory board member of the Democratic National Committee and a member of the Obama for America National Finance Committee from 2008 to 2012.[15] In 2013, President Obama appointed Raji to serve as a Commissioner on The President's Commission on White House Fellows.[16] In addition, Raji was appointed as a Commissioner of the Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery.
Raji's philanthropic activities include numerous active leadership roles in the nonprofit sector:[17] Trustee and member of the Executive Committee, Barnard College, Columbia University; Advisory Board, Columbia Business School Tamer Center for Social Enterprise; Founding Co-Chair, Athena Center for Leadership Studies at Barnard College, Columbia University; Economic Advisory Council, Center for American Progress; Director, National Partnership for Women & Families.[18]
On July 4, 2016, Raji was recognized as an honoree of Great Immigrants: The Pride of America, the Carnegie Corporation of New York's annual recognition of inspiring naturalized U.S. citizens who have made notable contributions to the progress of American society.[19]
On December 10, 2016, as the United States Ambassador to Sweden, Raji read Bob Dylan's letter to the Nobel Committee on his behalf during the Nobel banquet in Stockholm, in recognition of Dylan being awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.[20][21][22][23]
Raji is an honoree of the 2017 Ellis Island Medal of Honor, recognized by both Houses of Congress as one of the nation's most prestigious awards honoring distinguished Americans.[24][25]
Personal life [ edit ]
Currently based in Northern California, Raji has lived and worked in the Middle East, Latin America, Europe and the Far East and is fluent in several languages, including Persian and French.[26] She is married to Gary Syman, a former partner of Goldman Sachs.[27] They have five daughters and seven grandchildren.
If you've been a gamer for any length of time, Grant Kirkhope's tunes have probably been stuck in your head at some point. His music defined some of the Nintendo 64's greatest games, such as GoldenEye and Banjo-Kazooie – the latter being the direct inspiration for his latest project, Playtonic's Yooka-Laylee.
Kirkhope spoke to us about his decades in the industry and his plans for the future, and offered his veteran words of wisdom to young composers. “You get to that point where people call you a veteran just because you've been doing it for a long time, like you're old. Yes, I'm an old person!” Even at 54 and with 20 years of video game composition under his belt, Kirkhope remains exuberant, humble, and dedicated to the music.
A Big Bad Horn
Born in Edinburgh, Scotland, Kirkhope graduated from the prestigious Royal Northern School of Music with a major in classical trumpet; despite his classically-trained skills, he self-identifies as a straight-up metalhead. In the 1980s/early ‘90s, Kirkhope's biggest claim to fame was as the trumpet player for The Big Bad Horns, the backing band to Scottish rock group Little Angels, which let him brush shoulders with plenty of famous rock stars.
“They were quite big. They had a #1 album at the time, so we went on some pretty big tours, a lot of arena gigs. We toured with Van Halen, Bon Jovi, Bryan Adams, and ZZ Top. Getting to play with Van Halen was fantastic. And Eddie was a really genuinely nice guy. When he gave me the guitar, I could have fallen through the floor. I couldn't believe it. I would have been happy with a plectrum [guitar pick], you know what I mean? He gave the whole band a guitar each. I look at it every day and go… ‘Eddie Van Halen handed me that guitar.' It's incredible. It's awesome.”
Paying His Dues
Grant first started working at Rare in 1995, after being suggested by his friend Robin Beanland, but he didn't start composing right away:
“For Killer Instinct 2, Robin wanted to get a guitar player, and that was part of the reason they hired me. I played guitar on the metal tracks on KI2, and I did trumpet as well, because I was a classically trained trumpet player. Robin wrote it all, but I played on it.”
After Killer Instinct, Kirkhope received his first full assignment, Donkey Kong Land 2, for which he was tasked with converting David Wise's original SNES score down to the comparably meager specs of the Game Boy.
“The Game Boy had three channels. You could play one note on each channel, and one note was a noise channel, for drum beats and sound effects all stuck together. You had one note for a melody, the middle note was forced to imply the harmony, and the bottom note was the bass, and that was it. It was my first job, so I was happy to do it, but it was a bit tricky.”
When we asked David Wise about Kirkhope's work on Donkey Kong Land 2, he heaped praise on the man tasked with the herculean task of bringing his cutting-edge SNES score to the significantly underpowered Game Boy:
“Grant did a top job! It was a huge challenge, especially for, at the time, a rookie video game composer. He had to take someone else's tunes and make strategic decisions about how best to emulate them on a hardware device that was compromised by comparison. With no previous experience of writing and getting the best out of the GB, it was a huge challenge by anyone's standards, so a very impressive start at Rare.”
From Bond To Banjo
After completing work on Killer Instinct 2 and Donkey Kong Land 2, Kirkhope scored his first original game; GoldenEye (co-composed by Graeme Norgate) is now recognized as an all-time classic and one of the greatest games ever made, but nobody at Rare could have predicted the level of universal acclaim the genre-defining N64 shooter would achieve.
“GoldenEye had a slow start (and) was a slow burner. When people got to the multiplayer, it became this great big thing. The whole first-person shooter world-changing event happened. We didn't expect it. We were all massive Bond fans, so we really put a lot of love into it. For me to get to use the Bond theme tune was just such a fantastic thing. I had so much fun doing it, trying to figure out different ways to use it all the time.”
For GoldenEye, Kirkhope infused 007's iconic themes and instrumentation with his hard-rock upbringing to create a unique sound:
“We had bought a double CD of the pop songs from all the Bond movies. I listened to that all the time. I picked up bits that got stuck in my head, you know, so I just like, put in the things I liked and hoped for the best! I was new at Rare, I didn't really know what I was doing. In Frigate, I used my version of the “We Care A Lot” drum beat. I love Faith No More, so I nicked that. And then I took a bit from A View To A Kill, put that in there, and Goldfinger. For Cradle (another GoldenEye track), the riff was from one of the bands I was in years ago. It's called "No Absolution". I was like, ‘It would sound cool if I stuck it in GoldenEye,' so...”
Grant's humble nature is at direct odds with the mileage he was able to get from the constrained Nintendo 64 hardware. Take, for example, the crunchy guitar riff of the main 007 themes, which plays during GoldenEye's attract screen:
“That was me playing guitar. Memory was so tiny on an 8-megabit N64 cartridge. So, it worked out that the actual Bond theme tune, you could play it from about three phrases. So we cut it, because if we did it as one long phrase, then we couldn't fit it in the memory. So we cut it into bits, and rearranged it a little bit, so we could play all of it with only two or three samples.”
Kirkhope would use a similar approach when assembling the iconic “gibberish speak” from Banjo- Kazooie:
“What I did was, I got people to make single-syllable noises. And then I found the ones that I thought sounded best, and put them in the game. It would pick a random pitch between a certain value, and pick up the samples at random each time it went to play. That was it. At the time, we all thought it sounded so terrible, we were like, ‘People are gonna' hate us for this!' Back in those days, whatever you needed to do, you just did it, and that was it. Rare was the kind of place where nothing was off-bounds.”
Rolling With The Punches
Over the following years, Grant composed for titles like Banjo-Tooie, Perfect Dark, Viva Piñata, and Banjo-Kazooie: Nuts and Bolts, before leaving Rare and joining the ill-fated Big Huge Games, which collapsed after the failure of the would-be blockbuster fantasy RPG, 2012's Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning:
“It was part of that whole Curt Schilling 38 Studios disaster. It's unfortunate that he bought our company, Big Huge Games. BHG knew that the big thing they were doing was going to crash at some point, but we were hoping that we would get out from beneath it just in time. We didn't. We had a deal on the table from somebody else to do Reckoning 2, but the whole Curt Schilling thing crashed, and it was just all gone.”
Grant doesn't look upon the experience with regret, however; he credits the game, a fully -American production, with moving him to the U.S. full-time. Kirkhope lives in southern California with his family and, on March 15, became a citizen of the United States.
Freelancing And The Future
In the past couple of years, Kirkhope, no longer with Rare or the defunct Big Huge Games, has transitioned to being a freelance composer, lending his talents to games as varied as Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z, Civilization: Beyond Earth, and Yooka-Laylee, to say nothing of his first motion picture, the live-action mermaid fairy tale, The King's Daughter, starring – of all people – Pierce Brosnan:
“It's funny, I'm writing for Pierce Brosnan again after writing for him with GoldenEye back in the day. You have to watch scenes over and over again when you're scoring, and I just kept seeing Pierce Brosnan on the screen all the time, because he plays Louis XIV.”
Kirkhope's signature has been his flexibility, from soothing, earthy scores like Banjo-Kazooie and Yooka-Laylee, to a heavy metal take on James Bond, to the cyberpunk stylings of Perfect Dark, and the grandiose orchestral arrangements of Kingdoms of Amalur:
“When I meet young composers, I tell them, ‘Say ‘yes' to everything.' Whatever you get asked to do, even if you don't know, just do it. Just say, ‘I do it all the time, I'm great at that!' The more variety, the better, provided you can do it. I'm not certain I can do all of it, but I try.”
Bigger, Faster, And Stronger Too
For many gamers, the first thing that comes to mind when they hear Kirkhope's name is the iconic DK Rap. The campy tune played during the intro screen to Donkey Kong 64 and became legendary for its cringe-worthy rhymes and adorably innocent nature. After resurfacing in Super Smash Bros. Melee, the DK Rap beat the odds, becoming an endearing hit among Nintendo fans, so much so that Yooka-Laylee has its own successor to the song, the aptly named GK Rap.
“Doing the DK Rap was good fun, but I took a lot of flak for it. Everybody hated it back in the day! They all thought I was trying to make a credible stab at rap music. I'm useless at rap, so I made a jokey rap about monkeys eating bananas and grapes and all that stuff, and they're like, 'Grant is trying to be serious with his rap music,' and I'm like, ‘Are you joking?' It's taken 15 years for people to like it. Someone sent me video, of room was full of people chanting the DK Rap, and I was just like, I was honestly, genuinely in tears. I was crying watching it. I couldn't believe it. I think, to be remembered for anything I write is an amazing thing. I think that's really special.”
For more on Grant Kirkhope, check out his 2015 appearance on the Game Informer Show. For more on the music of Yooka-Laylee, read our interview with Kirkhope and the game's other composers, David Wise and Steve Burke.
Susan Manning, who lives in Wales and has not seen her son since 2011, makes rare statement as the sentencing phase of his trial is entering second week
The mother of Bradley Manning, the US army private who is this week expected to be handed a long jail sentence for his role in the WikiLeaks dump of US state secrets, has said she believes she may never see him again.
Speaking after the 25-year-old was found guilty of espionage, theft and computer fraud, Susan Manning urged her son to "never give up hope".
Susan Manning, who lives in Pembrokeshire in Wales, has health problems and has not seen her son since 2011. In a rare statement in the Mail on Sunday, she said: "I know I may never see you again but I know you will be free one day. I pray it is soon. I love you Bradley and I always will."
The sentencing phase of Manning's trial began last Wednesday, a day after he was convicted for passing to WikiLeaks more than 250,000 US diplomatic cables and several hundred thousand battlefield logs from the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, many of which were published by the Guardian.
Susan Manning reportedly could not bring herself to watch TV or listen to the radio to hear last week's verdict but waited for her sister, Sharon Staples, to tell her by phone.
Staples told the paper the family is now "praying for leniency" and described her sister's shock at seeing Manning on her last visit to see him locked up in the US marine base in Quantico in February 2011.
"He was sitting on the other side of a glass partition and when I walked in I heard the sound of the chains round his hands and feet before I saw him," Staples said. "Most of the time they sat in silence but held each other's gaze. She didn't get to hug him but was able to tell him she loved him."
Afterwards, according to Staples, she said: "You wouldn't treat a bloody animal like they're treating Bradley."
• This article was updated on 4 August 2013 to correct a reference to the sentencing phase of Manning's trial.
When Max Scherzer signed the dotted line Wednesday afternoon, joining the Nationals on a seven-year, $210 million contract, it seemed to be a foregone conclusion that right-hander Tanner Roark would be moved to the bullpen.
On Wednesday afternoon, however, manager Matt Williams said that has not yet been determined. Williams said he is planning to have all six of his starters — last year's rotation, plus Scherzer — enter spring training as starters. With the injuries that tend to occur over the course of a 162-game season, he wants to make sure that he has multiple options at his disposal.
“What our plan is right now is to make sure that everybody's training to be a starter,” Williams said after Scherzer's introductory press conference at Nationals Park. “Because you just don't know. So we'll go into spring training in that mode. Again, during spring training you need multiple starters anyways. You need more than five, for sure. It'll work itself out.”
Scherzer will join a rotation that already includes former No. 1 overall pick Stephen Strasburg, two-time all-star Jordan Zimmermann, right-hander Doug Fister, lefty Gio Gonzalez and Roark. Though the Nationals may break up that group before the season-opener, Scherzer said he is excited about joining an already star-studded rotation.
“For me personally, of course you want to see guys like that,” he said. “You always want good players on your team. You want Fister and Zimmermann, those are really highly-talented pitchers. Going forward, of course you want to see them on your ballclub.”
Scherzer will wear No. 31, which previously belonged to left-handed reliever Xavier Cedeno, and presumably start Opening Day for the Nationals. Though Williams said that, too, is not set in stone.
“We'll decide that at some point, I'd imagine,” he said.
After making an impressive debut in the final month of the 2013 season, Roark became a regular member of Washington's rotation last season, finishing 15-10 with a 2.85 earned-run average. He was moved to a bullpen role during the National League Division Series, appearing in two games.
Roark was accepting of the move and said he did not prefer one role to the other.
“It doesn't matter,” Roark said at the time. “I like being out there on the mound. I like to pitch. I like to go out there and throw strikes.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
TORONTO, ON. (NEWS 1130) – McDonald's Canada has started serving its first product containing peanuts or tree nuts that do not come in an individual package, causing concerns for customers with severe nut allergies.
McDonald's says, in a statement on its website, that its new Skor McFlurry contains chopped almonds in the pieces of chocolate bar used to make the treat. The company says this means all of its other products may contain or come in contact with peanuts, tree nuts or other allergens.
McDonald's previously only served individually packaged peanuts and tree nuts.
Some people took to Twitter to criticize the company for the move, saying people with severe allergies to such nuts would no longer be able to eat at the restaurants.
The restaurant giant says it wanted to make customers with such allergies aware of the change so they can make an informed decision about whether its Canadian restaurants are still suitable environments for them.
It's been a while since we've had a shocking NSA revelation, so you probably thought all the madness was over. Welp, you were wrong. Very, very wrong.
News just emerged that GCHQ, the British counterpart to our NSA, ran a program codenamed "Optic Nerve" from 2008 to 2010 that involved capturing webcam images from internet users. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal that the surveillance agency captured images from over 1.8 million Yahoo users during one six-month period in 2008. According to The Guardian, that cache included "substantial quantities of sexually explicit communications." Oh, and the NSA helped.
Advertisement
Apparently, the aim of the program was to gather intel on terrorism suspects who used remained anonymous online and used multiple aliases. The big problem with that mission, however, is that the GCHQ's facial recognition software had no way of telling who was even a UK citizen. That means that a lot U.S. citizens were probably spied on. If it makes you feel any better, the British spies didn't capture entire webcam sessions. They saved one image every five minutes "partly to comply with human rights legislation, and also to avoid overloading GCHQ's servers," says The Guardian.
And what did they do with those naked photos? Well, GCHQ didn't really know what to do with all the sexually explicit material which, one document shows, amounted to as much as 11 percent of the Yahoo webcam imagery. The agency did limit its analysts ability to sort through the images by restricting searches to metadata only. Either way, Yahoo really isn't happy about this profound breach of its users' privacy. A spokesperson told The Guardian, "We were not aware of, nor would we condone, this reported activity."
Well, as we've learned the hard way, it doesn't really matter what the internet companies condone. It doesn't really seem to even matter what the U.S. government condones. At the end of the day, the internet knows no borders. And the spies know no limits. [Guardian]
Advertisement
High Commissioner condemns Venezuela violence Michelle Bachelet condemns the “disgraceful” violence in Venezuela, urging the Government to stop its forces from using excessive force and to rein in armed pro-Government elements that are attacking protestors.
More informationAll Stories
"I will bring back hope to people." A Sudanese refugee activist is the 2019 Martin Ennals Award Laureate. Abudul Aziz Muhamat highlights the situation of refugees in offshore detention by the Australian government. Two other finalists included an Afro-Colombian rights campaigner and a human rights lawyer from Turkey.
More informationAll Stories
Bachelet tells "good human rights stories." "Human rights are useful. Respect for human rights generates practical benefits in everyday life," UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet told an audience recently. She made her comments at the Geneva launch of the “Good Human Rights Stories” initiative, a partnership of 13 organizations and countries dedicated to showing that human rights matter.
More informationAll Stories
Camera crews film Assange's live feed. Image: Joseph Cox
On Tuesday, Wikileaks celebrated its 10th anniversary with a press conference in Berlin. In addition to reflecting on the publisher's various releases over the years, Wikileaks editor Julian Assange hinted that more disclosures around the US election would come soon.
But recently, one researcher found that Wikileaks' site is hosting tens of thousands of malicious files within its archives, potentially infecting visitors who execute them. At the press conference, Assange downplayed the risk to users, talking via video-link from London.
"The [Hillary] Clinton campaign has been going around saying 'don't read Wikileaks, because there's malware,'" Assange said in response to a general question about malware on the site from Motherboard. Talking specifically about malicious files that were included within a recent dump of emails from Turkey, Assange emphasised that there wasn't an issue for users who just visited the site, and that people needed to download the files themselves.
"However this same risk exists for most '.exe' or '.doc' files downloaded elsewhere from the internet or received by email. As time goes by we flag documents to alert readers," a print-out given to journalists at the press conference reads.
Assange even thought that the presence of malware itself was noteworthy.
"There was malware sent to [the ruling Turkish party] AKP, either from criminals or from state attacks on the AKP. That's extremely interesting," he said.
Dr. Vesselin Bontchev, the Bulgarian researcher who has monitored malware on Wikileaks, told Motherboard that the site contains at least 33,000 malicious files. These are within the Turkish email dump, he said.
Once a visitor has downloaded one of the files, perhaps not knowing what it contains, "the user will be just a single click away from infecting their machine," Bontchev wrote in an email. Bontchev also disagreed with Wikileaks' assertion that the risk of opening malware from Wikileaks is just like downloading files from anywhere else on the internet.
"Most websites don't make tens of thousands of malicious files available for download. Unless, of course, we are talking about malware distribution sites, but I have a hard time thinking of even one of those that has so many malicious files available!" Bontchev wrote.
Bontchev said in, response to his work, Wikileaks has replaced around 300 malicious files with text. But even with that, it is still possible for users to download the malware, Bontchev added.
"Wikileaks readers ARE at risk, because the Wikileaks website makes it way too easy for them to download malware on their desktops and doesn't adequately warn them about its presence," he added.
What Was Viking Poetry For?
By Anthony Faulkes
Lecture given at the University of Birmingham (1993)
Introduction: I would like to make it clear to begin with that these proceedings are not the celebration of the 1200th anniversary of the first viking raid on England, which took place at Lindisfarne on 8th June AD 793.
You must climb up on to the keel,
cold is the sea-spray's feel;
let not your courage bend:
here your life must end.
Old man, keep your upper lip firm
though your head be bowed by the storm.
You have had girls' love in the past;
death comes to all at last.
There are various ways of taking the last two lines; I do not think the poet was thinking particularly of rape and pillage. Rather I am reminded of Sir Andrew Aguecheek: ‘I was adored once, too', he said.
Old Icelandic has been taught in this Faculty of Arts for over a quarter of a century. Before I came here it had for several years been made available to students in the Faculty by Bernard Standring in the German Department (from about 1968) and Wyn Evans in the Library (from about 1967). It must have been because of their success and enthusiasm that in 1973 the Department of English decided that it wanted its own Icelandicist, but it was mainly due to the determination of Geoffrey Shepherd when he was professor of Medieval English in this Department that Old Icelandic was made available in the English syllabus here and a post created for it. Our presence here this afternoon is thus due, as so many good things in the arrangements in the School of English are, to the influence of Geoffrey Shepherd, to whom I owe not only my present position but also much of whatever there is of value in my understanding of the subjects I teach.
Click here to read this article from the Viking Society for Northern Research
Smartphone and Tablet users click here to sign up for
our weekly email
The generation known for bringing the world grunge, 'zines and slackers is, apparently, slacking.
Those born between 1966 and 1975, belonging to Generation X (1964 and 1980), lost more than 55 percent of their net worth from 2001 to 2010, according to data released by the Fed and parsed by Philadelphia Inquirer Columnist Maria Panaritis.
While much attention has been paid lately to the problems of recent graduates entering a lousy job market and suffering from elevated unemployment, Panaritis's column gives voice to an oft-forgotten group.
Gen X is sandwiched between the headline-grabbing Boomers (1946 - 1964) and Gen Y (1977 - 1994), a bigger cohort that grabbed the spotlight for being the first generation to truly grow up online and for getting hit with the worst economic downturn since the Great Depression. (There's some dispute over the date ranges of these generations.)
But Gen X has some big economic worries, too. As Gen Yers were struggling to find jobs in the recession, Gen Xers were trying to build families and gain financial security. Many put a larger share of their assets into homes, which drastically fell in value as the housing bubble burst.
The average Gen X family is nearly 70 percent poorer than its counterparts of the same age in 1984, according to a Pew Research Center study from last year. Over time, this gap has widened. The latter now has 47 times more assets than the former, according to Credit.com's analysis of Pew data.
After several years of navigating project-threatening red tape and currency fluctuations, the 4.4 MW Bronkhorstspruit biogas power plant, which will supply clean energy to a leading automotive manufacturer in Gauteng, is expected to enter production before June.
Outlining the project's development at a South African Independent Power Producer Association gathering on Tuesday, Bio2Watt CEO Sean Thomas reported that progress had been far more challenging than he had envisaged when leaving South African Breweries in 2007 to pursue the venture.
Advertisement
However, all the elements were now in place for what could become a benchmark waste-to-electricity independent power producer (IPP) for South Africa and a potential forerunner to Bio2Watt's aspiration of producing more than 50 MW of green energy in South Africa within ten years. The company was currently pursuing a second commercial biogas project on a dairy farm in Malmesbury, in the Western Cape.
Besides the difficulties associated with securing the necessary licencing approvals in a context where the rules for using the existing grid to sell power to a remote commercial offtaker were still ill-defined, Thomas said that currency fluctuations and South Africa's environmental regime had proved key project hurdles.
Advertisement
Between securing a key Industrial Development Corporation (IDC) loan in March 2013 and project financial close in February 2014, the rand/euro exchange rate had moved from around R11.70 to the euro to around R15; a development that would have sunk the project had it not been for direct government support.
Securing the environmental approvals was not only time consuming, but also challenging, owing to the novelty of the technology and an approval system that made few allowances for project size or its potential environmental spin-offs.
Crucially, Thomas won support for the project within the Tshwane municipality, which facilitated the project securing a much-prized licence to ‘wheel', or transport, power produced by the plant through the municipal network to BMW South Africa's Rosslyn factory.
Equally important was a willingness by BMW to pay a premium for the clean electricity produced, in return for price-path certainty covering about 25% of its electricity needs for the ten-year duration of the power purchase agreement.
Notwithstanding strong goodwill towards the development, the legal documentation associated with the development still ran to over 1 500 pages, while Thomas reported that its legal fees had been R8-million, against an initial budget of R2-million.
Located adjacent to a cattle feedlot on a farm near Bronkhorstspruit, east of Pretoria, the key raw material is the manure generated from the 20 000 head of cattle and 12 000 sheep on the property. But because a total of 300 t of material is required daily, supplementary feedstock (in the form of chicken abattoir waste, ice-cream waste, food sludge, fruit and vegetable waste and paper recycling sludge) had also been secured.
The project was being built by multidisciplinary consulting engineering and project management company Bosch Projects, which has an exclusive licence agreement for the ComBigaS technology, developed in Denmark.
Bosch Projects renewable-energy director Butch Carr reported that the development was being pursued as a turnkey project, with Bosch supplying the complete plan and associated infrastructure. Its sister company Bosch Munitech had been awarded a five-year contract to operate and maintain the facility, while Bosch Holdings, the parent company, had even taken an equity position. Other backers included the IDC and the Norwegian development financier, Norfund.
The thermophilic anaerobic digestion process would produce biogas with 55% to 65% methane, while the plant consisted of two parallel digester lines with primary and secondary digesters in each and 35 days retention times. Spent solid and liquid material contains nitrogen and phosphorus, which will be sold as a fertiliser.
The fuel produced would be used in four 1.15 MW GC170-12 Caterpillar gas engines with generators, with space reserved for two additional engines and another digester line to potentially increase capacity to over 6 MW. A new 13 km power line would be built to the Eskom substation, with the capacity to export up to 10 MW.
Carr reported that, besides stringent design approvals by local authorities and Eskom, gainign permission from landowners for way leaves had proved a major challenge.
Thomas said that Bio2Watt would continue to pursure prospects outside of the Renewable Energy Independent Power Producer Procurement Programme bidding rounds until the prices for biogas projects “were right” – the initial prices outlined were 96c/kWh.
Poor infrastructure and policy has hampered the government's flagship technology cluster from the start - but entrepreneurs have had enough
London's much heralded Old Street technology startups are struggling to grow their businesses because of poor internet connection services, the Guardian has been told.
Lengthy installation delays and high fees have caused some companies to leave the area, while others complain of months of costly hold ups moving to new offices.
Startups and smaller ISPs, as well as technology collective Perseverance Works, are all due to meet Labour MP Meg Hillier on Thursday to discuss the crisis in the capital's broadband provision. Hiller represents Hackney South and Shoreditch where many tech companies are based, and described the situation “a national embarrassment” that requires urgent action.
Hillier claims that some companies have left the area because of problems accessing high-speed broadband - and despite government access grants of £3,000. She called for a “comprehensive review of broadband, plans for infrastructure and roll out and a competitive framework for delivery”.
The Old Street area was labelled ‘Tech City' as part of a government promotional campaign for the area in 2010 and is touted as the centre of Europe's technology scene, yet startups say the difficulties accessing adequate broadband have been an issue from the outset.
Five months for new broadband connection
Affiliate marketing service Skimlinks moved offices in 2013, but it took five months for the fibre broadband to be reconnected in the new office near Old Street.
“After mixups with council addresses, wiring and hardware deliveries the SDSL (slow backup) lines were finally active one week after our move,” said chief technology officer Richard Johnson. “During this time we attempted to make-do with bonded 4G dongles, so most people worked from home. Our fibre was active on 4 March 2014, having given the go-ahead to move on 11 October 2013.
“Five months without fibre for an internet-based organisation is difficult to swallow. Our old office was vacated and demolished in the time it took to get fibre connected,” said Johnson. “There is nothing more frustrating than rapidly needing to provision new servers and seeing your terminal take seconds to acknowledge each keystroke.”
‘We paid rent for months on an office we couldn't use'
Another business, the money transfer service TransferWise, endured a four-month delay while the internet service provider (ISP) paid to secure a wayleave from the new landlord, which gives the ISP permission to enter the property to install the fibre cable.
This process, TransferWise co-founder Taavet Hinrikus explains, can take weeks because the landlord is under no pressure to comply, and can also choose their fee.
“It's ridiculous that it takes so long for a company building an online business to get internet - not to mention that we had to pay rent on an office we couldn't use for months,” said Hinrikus. “If the UK is serious about making Silicon Roundabout into a global tech hub, we need to do something to speed this up. Now it's all installed, we are happy with the speed and reliability of the connection but it took far too long to get to this point.”
New, faster BT service
BT announced a new trial of faster fibre-to-the-remote-node broadband for the area on Thursday which will offer speeds of up to 80 Gbps, in addition to existing Openreach business service offering speeds up to 10Gbps.
“However, we see a lot of smaller businesses going for consumer lines, because they are cheaper, lacking service up-time agreements and extra security services,” said spokesman Richard Knowles, explaining that three-quarters of business premises in the Tech City area will have fibre connections by the end of 2014.
Entrepreneurs have been quick to blame internet service providers (ISPs), including BT, Virgin Media and TalkTalk, yet those ISPs have also failed to communicate to customers the significant costs and logistical challenges of installing broadband in a heavily built-up area. Many of the problems can't be solved with faster speeds alone.
When a business orders broadband, it sets in motion a multi-stage process involving bartering deals, on-site visits, permits, digging up roads and eventually the installation.
“Planning regulation accounts for approximately 85% of the costs Virgin Media faces in building network,” explained Dan Butler, Virgin Media's head of public affairs. “This has a direct effect on the number properties we're able to serve. Currently, planning regulation prevents us from deploying network in more cost effective and less disruptive ways, such as narrow trenching.”
‘The government needs to get involved'
Tech City also includes several red routes, some of London's busiest and most strictly controlled roads, including limitations on road works. Utilities have to apply for a permit and pay a fee, which can take 10 days.
“Getting a broadband connection capable of supporting our businesses has been a nightmare,” explained Paul King, chairman of Perseverance Works - a co-operative of technology businesses in Tech City. “It's the kind of thing government will have to get involved with to solve.”
The government's broadband connection voucher scheme – a grant for up to £3,000 aimed at covering the installation costs of broadband for small businesses – alleviates some of the financial burden placed on startups trying to fund a solid internet connection, but does nothing to speed up the process.
King and the Perseverance group went beyond BT and other big ISPs to fit their own broadband infrastructure, clubbing connection vouchers together to cover the cost. It took the group two years to be ready to start installation.
Broadband: one of top three issues for small businesses
Some critics have suggested that the problem will remain until internet connections are treated like water or electricity, already connected to the building or property as part of the landlord's responsibilities.
“This area of London produces more job opportunities than anywhere else in the country, primarily in the digital economy,” said King. “It is absolutely vital that we have an infrastructure set up that enables us to compete with the rest of the world.”
Hackney Council has made moves to try and address the complaints of local businesses, launching public Wi-Fi in central areas across the borough, while EE launched a high-speed 4G network in the area for anyone with a 4G handset, capable of reaching speeds around 300Mbps.
“Broadband speed is one of the top three issues brought to me on a regular basis by business leaders in Hackney,” said Andrew Sissons, head of regeneration delivery at Hackney Council, told the Guardian.
“Companies moving into the area need to better prepared, giving people more notice especially when moving into properties like old warehouses where there was no previous provision for high-speed internet. But internet connectivity is a thing of national importance, and critical to our economy.”
• The slow death of Silicon Roundabout - the creative energy is gone
Following news that Lotus is to hire Carmen Jordá as a development driver, Formula 1 fans once again revealed age-old prejudices and outdated views as they took to the internet to criticize the Spanish driver simply because she is shit.
‘In 2015 a driver should not be singled out simply for being shit,' said gender studies professor Jen der Stoodeez-Prohfessah. ‘These people would not even think of saying these things if Carmen Jordá was good, why do they say them simply because she is shit?'
‘This shows how much work F1 still has to do at beating prejudice,' Prof. Stoodeez-Prohfessah continued. ‘It would be nice to think that we had all moved on from childishly focusing on irrelevant details about someone such as their woeful record in GP3.'
Lotus also jumped to defend their new signing after a rough ride from fans. ‘It is offensive and completely irrelevant to focus on Carmen's lack of ability,' said a team spokesman. ‘She has joined the team to do a job, and that job is to get photographed looking attractive in our overalls'.
Two Queensland enthusiasts could be investigated by police after posting a video of a man firing rapidly at an effigy of the leader of an Australian gun control group.
In a video posted to YouTube in June, a key representative of 'Shooting Stuff Australia' demonstrates the capabilities of the controversial Adler lever action shotgun.
The man first fires at several full bottles of soft drink, with the vision slowed down to highlight the shotgun's effectiveness.
In a second attempt to show what the Adler magazine extension is capable of doing, the man rapidly fires at an effigy of Gun Control Australia leader Sam Lee until the doll catches alight.
Gun Control Australia have been campaigning for a permanent importation ban of the shotguns, which are capable of firing eight shots in eight seconds.
"Marty" of Shooting Stuff Australia posted his response to an ABC journalist's enquiry about the video onto the group's Facebook page on Monday.
"We don't talk to the media in regards to our videos, biased anti-gun media in Australia is incapable of reporting in a truthful manner about firearms related matters," he wrote.
"'All of our videos are light hearted satire made for entertainment purposes' is the only comment we will make."
In an email to nine.com.au, "Marty" claimed "no offense was intended, nor was any malice."
"At no stage have we been contacted by anyone asking us to remove the video, and if we had, we would have pulled it from YouTube if we knew it was hurting anyone's feelings," Marty said in an email to nine.com.au.
However, Ms Lee told the ABC that she believes the video was designed to threaten and silence advocates of gun control.
"This video is vile," Ms Lee said.
"I was shocked there was such a brazen, personal approach to this video trying to silence voices in relation to the Adler campaign."
Ms Lee said the video has been reported to police in NSW and Queensland.
She is asking them to investigation whether the video constitutes the use of a carriage service to menace and harass.
nine.com.au have reached out to Gun Control Australia for comment, but none was provided prior to publication.
© Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2019
(CN) – Michael Bryant Jr. has had problems with beating up girlfriends in his recent past, court records show. Twice, a tribal court convicted him of domestic violence and he spent time in prison as a result.
But Bryant did not have legal representation in either tribal case – completely legal under sovereign tribal law, but blatantly unconstitutional in U.S. courts. So when federal prosecutors indicted Bryant on two counts of domestic assault with habitual offender enhancements for assaulting two different live-in girlfriends, the man demanded the charges be dismissed.
Bryant pointed out the using his tribal court convictions to prove his habitual offender status violated both his Fifth and Sixth Amendment rights, since he was not appointed counsel in those proceedings. The government admitted that Bryant's tribal court convictions would have been unconstitutional if obtained in a federal or state court, but the trial court denied Bryant's request in an oral ruling.
On appeal, Bryant again argued that using the tribal court convictions violated his due process and representation rights. Muddying the issue, according to a panel for the 9th Circuit, is that the tribal court convictions themselves are not unconstitutional since Native Americans are not afforded a constitutional right to representation.
Then there's the fact the U.S. Supreme Court has not always ruled consistently on the issue of using un-counseled convictions in subsequent proceedings – and it has never addressed whether a tribal court conviction that violates U.S. standards can be used in subsequent proceedings.
But the 9th Circuit has ruled on the question. Twice, in fact, according to Circuit Judge Richard Paez. And in both cases, the court held that unrepresented tribal court convictions cannot be used by state and federal courts later.
Paez noted that both the 8th and the 10th districts have ruled otherwise in recent years, but points to the “continued vitality” of his court's earlier decisions.
But is in a concurring opinion Circuit Judge Paul Watford says that the Supreme Court has chipped away at the reasoning in the first case – 1989's U.S. v. Ant.
“It's true that Michael Bryant's prior domestic abuse convictions would have been obtained in violation of the Sixth Amendment had he been tried in state or federal court, since he lacked appointed counsel and appears to have received a term of imprisonment following those convictions,” Watford wrote. “But the fact remains that his prior convictions were not obtained in violation of the Sixth Amendment because they occurred in tribal court, where the Sixth Amendment doesn't apply. It seems odd to say that a conviction untainted by a violation of the Sixth Amendment triggers a violation of that same amendment when it's used in a subsequent case where the defendant's right to appointed counsel is fully respected. As the Tenth Circuit stated, ‘Use of tribal convictions in a subsequent prosecution cannot violate anew the Sixth Amendment, because the Sixth Amendment was never violated in the first instance.' The contrary rule we adopted in Ant would make sense if uncounseled convictions were deemed insufficiently reliable to warrant giving them any weight in subsequent criminal proceedings. But, as I've noted, the Supreme Court undercuts the proposition that uncounseled convictions are categorically unreliable.”
Watford said the “resulting asymmetry is striking,” and called on the Supreme Court to intervene. But he added that he felt comfortable in refusing to recognize the validity of Bryant's tribal convictions “because of concerns over the reliability of those convictions.”
Like this: Like Loading...
Cut off before its prime, Pushing Daisies was one of Bryan Fuller's most whimsical creations but also, I think, one of the most characteristic. It told the tale of a cursed pie maker able to resurrect the dead, at least temporarily, with a touch. As he learned the hard way, a second touch would kill the resurrected individual permanently.
I'd like to think Daisies would have really bloomed if left to grow a little longer but sadly, it was not to be. Fuller has since won critical plaudits for Hannibal, widespread indifference for his Munsters do-over, Mockingbird Lane – which I rather liked, I won't lie – and is currently working on High Moon for Syfy. Still, though, the Daisies keep pushing up and Broadway World say that Fuller has been talking about a new way of resurrecting the show.
I've had conversations very recently with Barry Sonnenfeld about financing a film, and with Kristin Chenoweth and Warner Brothers about developing a stage musical.
I guess either could happen but it would seem more likely that WB could finance a musical than Sonnenfeld a film. Still, either would be good.
Fuller has also been working on a Pushing Daisies comic book too but I have completely lost track of what was going on there and I think we might be waiting some time for further developments on that front. What a shame.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Expect cooler temperatures and showers this weekend in Orange County that are going to last until early next week, forecasters say.
Some areas such as Huntington Beach experienced light drizzling Thursday morning, Nov. 2, but those showers are expected to end by the afternoon, according to the National Weather Service.
They will make a return tonight and continue into Friday morning, Nov. 3, forecasters said.
Inland cities such as Yorba Linda and Anaheim will teeter between 69 and 71 degrees Friday through Monday during the day and between 55 and 57 degrees at night. Coastal areas such as Newport Beach and Dana Point will have daily highs of 66 to 69 degrees and colder nights in the mid-50s.
“Cool weather will continue for most of the coming week, with mostly cloudy skies over and west of the mountains and fewer clouds in the deserts,” according to a U.S. forecast.
The skies will be cloudy in most areas of Orange County, until at least Tuesday, Nov. 7 with chances of rain mostly in the mornings and evenings.
“Things should dry out by Wednesday with zonal flow aloft and perhaps gradual warming and a slightly shallower marine layer,” the forecast predicts.
NEW DELHI: Udta Punjab shows 70% of the people in the State consume drugs. The movie puts entire Punjab in bad light.The movie, the way it is, cannot be cleared because it is against the guidelines of the CBFC to defame any person or community, said Central Board of Film Certification chief Pahlaj Nihalani defending the cuts he has issued in the movie Udta Punjab. He added that nearly “98 per cent of the movie is in Punjabi and based entirely in Punjab.” “It is not a Hindi film at all.It has defamatory references to people in Ludhiana, Jalandhar and other cities of Punjab. It paints all punjabis in bad light. Such a movie if released will a Brine name to the community that is present everywhere in the world,” he said, adding all cuts were issued after there was consensus among all panel members.Nihalani also took on filmmaker Anurag Kashyap , co-producer of the film who on Tuesday compared the CBFC to dictatorial State of North Korea and said anybody opposing the movie is actually promoting drugs. “What dictatorship is he talking about? Nearly eight movies of his have been released in the last one year.Not once has he come here. Every time he creates noise by creating such unwanted controversy to get attention to get his movies running,” Nihalani said, Sources in the censor board said the film is yet to be given a formal certificate and only verbal cuts were conveyed to the filmmakers on Monday.“The move was supposed to be cleared with an A grade and 89 cuts. We had communicated orally to the filmmakers who had agreed to come back with the cuts but they went to the media instead,” a member said. Among the cuts issued are those on the name of a dog called Jackie Chan. “We have asked them to take off chan and call the dog just Jackie,” a member said, adding that a line in the movie that said, Punjab di Zameen banjar aur aulad kanjar hai...(The land of Punjab is barren and its children are illegitimate) had caused much uproar among the panel members.“There is no pressure on us. They can go to the tribunal or court now. Our only concern is the entire movie is completely based on Punjab. All the characters are negative. It will hurt the whole community,” Nihalani said.The film, starring actors Shahid Kapoor and Alia Bhatt is based on drug abuse in Punjab. In a review presided over by Nihalani himself the committee recommended removing all references made to Punjab. Meanwhile ET reached out to the office of Sukhbir Singh Badal, deputy CM of Punjab. “We welcome the decision of the censor board. Look at the song Chittave of the movie that was released recently.It eulogises drugs, celebrates it as part of cult living. This is harmful for the entire country. The title of the movie itself maligns three crore Punjabis. Delhi has five times more drug addicts than Punjab. So tomorrow will they make Udti Dilli?,” Arun Malhotra, OSD to Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Singh Badal said.
by Brett Stevens on August 6, 2012
Another day, another shooting. If it is not an Aurora theater riddled with bullets, it is Virginia Tech struck with scorn conserved and returned in hollow points. Or it's a messy love triangle and suicide at Columine, or Pekka-Eric Auvinen shooting up his school, or Jeff Weise blasting away on an Indian reservation.
Perhaps it is also Timothy McVeigh or Anders Breivik opening fire on those of their own people who they see as complicit. It might even be Varg Vikernes stabbing a bandmate in the skull, or another fellow musician luring a gay man into the woods to kill him just to feel what it is like. And now some fellow with illicit tattoos has blasted up a Sikh place of worship.
The press will bloviate in abundance. They will blame heavy metal, then mental illness, then hate. When that fails, time to trot out the psychiatrists to talk about unfulfilled sexual angst and fecal obsession. What they will not do is pay attention to the killers.
In the words of Auvinen, “Because… I just [expletive] hate this world.” The Columbine killers similarly believed they had no future, not on a financial or social level, but in the fact that their society annoyed them and frustrated them to no end.
It is hard to tell the motives of every shooter, but many seem suicidal. The true ideologues — McVeigh and Breivik — have no intention of suicide. If they go out, it will be fighting, but they prefer (generally) to be able to make a public statement, usually not as complete as the Breivik and Unabomber manifestos, and then live out their days in prison.
What drives people to this frustration is the general lack of organization, purpose and refinement to this society. Just as the science of 200 years ago seems backward and confused to us, in 200 years the social order of today will seem like a nightmare.
In particular, it will be recognized as disorganized and inefficient, causing frustration. Its bias against intelligent people, in favor of the merely clever, will be seen. Its products will seem inhuman and designed to fail. Its inability to stave off long-term catastrophe brought on by its own actions will be seen as a fatal flaw.
It is telling that when shootings happen, most of the talk is empty analysis or moralizing over the dysfunction of the killer. We should look in addition to what drove them, through a combination of desperation and rage, to want to destroy it all.
Our civilization is after all in demographic free-fall. Why are people not producing babies? If they are miserable, and do not want their children to be miserable, they will prevent those children from being produced.
In every classroom, the smart kids are bored; the clever are in the front row, adamant. In every job, the leaders are unconscious at their desks, while the chattering nobodies help themselves to leadership positions and then screw it all up.
Through the device of equality, but even more through its endorsement of the type of selfishness that has the individual believing he is welcome everywhere at anytime, this society has produced a self-sabotaging short circuit. Any good ideas that rise are immediately dragged back under by the personal drama of others.
It is reminiscent of how primitive societies turn on their learned people, call them witches and kill them, or how groups of primates will destroy those who are found a new way of doing familiar tasks. The individual is threatened, so it forms a group of other individuals, and by removing the messenger of unpleasant reality, they pretend they have changed reality.
Actually what they have done is to shoot themselves in the foot. They have traded a short-term solution for a long-term problem. The long-term problem includes the underlying frustration and pointlessness that leads to shootings.
Some shooters are clearly just nuts. The Aurora madman may well be one of those. Others are sensitive people, often of high intelligence, who just can't take it anymore. They see the disaster that others ignore. Their last act is a combination cry for help, I-told-you-so, suicide and retaliation.
We should not reform our society because these people find fault with it. They are dead and cannot be helped. We should reform it because the same frustration lives in us, and instead of taking it out in a blaze of glory, we live with it every day and become increasingly bitter, taking it out on others.
This way, the frustration feeds on itself and increases to a constant background hum, never breaking into the realm of action but just as certainly preventing us from ever fully enjoying our time. The real shooters here are ourselves: daily we murder our hopes, and destroy ourselves, in the name of just fitting in.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Datuk Seri Hamzah Zainuddin says those who believe in God will follow ethical ways and not simply raise prices. ― File pic
KUALA LUMPUR, March 10 ― Only those who don't believe in God will raise the prices of goods and services, Domestic Trade, Co-Operatives and Consumerism Minister Datuk Seri Hamzah Zainuddin said in the Dewan Rakyat today.
His unexpected reply came after opposition lawmaker Dr Tan Seng Giaw asked if the recent rise in the prices of goods was in the “hands of God”.
“YB Kepong asked if raising prices of goods is in the hands of God. God has never told anyone to raise prices or reduce it.
“It's those who don't believe in God [who] are the ones who always raise prices. Those who believe in God will follow ethical ways and not simply raise prices,” Hamzah said.
The Larut MP then suggested that the rival lawmaker's query indicated the latter's lack of faith.
“His question might be because he is unsure whether to believe in God or the otherwise,” Hamzah added.
When met outside the Dewan Rakyat later, Hamzah said Tan's question was “not very funny”.
He reiterated his stand, however, and went on to quote from the Quran, saying that Islam discourages unethical business practices.
“This is extremely necessary so that there is a balance between the domestic economy and consumerism.
“Don't let consumers feel cheated. If traders hike up their costs to the point that consumers no longer frequent them, it is they who will suffer,” said Hamzah.
Putrajaya has repeatedly denied responsibility for rising prices, particularly since last year's introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), and regularly blames unethical traders for the phenomenon.
There isn't a ton to be said about Cam Talbot's season, or the entirety of his time in New York, that hasn't been said already.
Over his brief career, Talbot has been tasked with the seemingly unenviable position of being backup to one of the greatest goaltenders in the world on one of the game's brightest stages. First, he was boldly called upon in 2013 in a move that effectively ended Martin Biron's career. He was dominant, if not sheltered a bit within a small sample and easier competition. This past season, however, the restrictor plates were necessarily removed. Asked to step up and take the reigns during Henrik Lundqvist's extended absence, Talbot was flat-out dominant. With little fanfare. With no pedigree to speak of other than the seal of approval from Benoit Allaire (which in itself might be the only pedigree that matters).
His is primarily a story of perseverance, perfect development from a world-class goaltending coaching staff, unwavering support from his franchise, and proving he belonged when the opportunity arose. Let's put sample sizes, and whether or not his numbers reflect the actual goaltender he is going forward, aside. Just for a moment, because we can afford to now that he is gone.
Cam Talbot was flipping unbelievable for the New York Rangers. I'm happy for him. He deserved everything he got. A solid contract extension. The off-season trade to a young team in need of bedrock in net. He deserves a chance to be a starter. And I honestly think he will be a quite capable one.
Which makes the lack of return that Sather and the Rangers got for him that much more confounding. There was a market for his services. Sather overplayed his hand. But what's done is done, and this article isn't all about that move, or even the future, really. I do think Antti Raanta will be a solid backup this coming season. And now there is a bit more room for the Mackenzie Skapski's of the world, when an opportunity presents itself. Which is cool.
But, man, I'm going to miss Cam.
I don't think Talbot's performance this season was smoke and mirrors. He is a refined goaltender, showing all the markings of Allaire's instruction. Economy of movement, relying online of sight, positioning, and freeing up his stance and arms to react, instead of tightly balling up his stance as he did a bit more when he was younger. He is a different goaltender than Lundqvist, who stays farther back in his net than anyone else can, and is a marvel in his reflexes and reaction. But Talbot plays a very clean, very repeatable style. He anticipates well, squares up to most shots he can track and see, and as a result controls his rebounds. He rarely beats himself. All reports of his temperament say that he is easy-going and unflappable. Those are all things that contribute to consistency of performance. Attributes of a solid starting goaltender.
His performance over two seasons reflects that it wasn't a stout Rangers defense protecting him. In a smallish sample, he has been far superior to an average NHL goaltender. This season, he played 1689 minutes in 36 games. Still backup TOI, but approaching a starter's workload and with a large chunk of time from January through March where he was the only answer in town. He excelled:
Finishing 6th in the NHL in 5v5 adjGSAA/60 (min 1200 TOI), a statistical measure that shows how much better/worse he did than if an average NHL goalie were in his shoes and facing the same types of shots he faced, is nothing to sneeze at. He was stopping .235 more goals per 60 minutes than the average goalie would have in his place. Stretched out over an entire season, that is 19.27 more goals saved at even strength than average. That is a 1.985 goals against per 60 minutes over 82 games. The league average goals against per 60 at 5v5 was 2.22, and putting other game situations aside, this means he is winning the Rangers a ton of games.
Of course no goalie performing at that level is playing every minute of every game. But laying out the numbers shows just how staggeringly dominant he was in a smaller stretch than an average goalie would have been.
But like we say in the business: goalies are voodoo. I generally prescribe to a Bayesian approach to projecting skill, which accounts for how rare it would be to actually find a goalie who is as good as the goalie in question, and how rare it might be to see such performance in a random, small sample size. It generally means that true skill bares itself out over a greater sample size, because more shots gives us more confidence that our best estimation of performance is what has been observed. The range of possibilities (standard deviation) of performance gets narrower. In getting to a larger sample, there are decreasing levels of variability.
Talbot hasn't played a ton. He doesn't really even have what can be considered a full season's worth of time as a starter under his belt. The optics of his role and the small sample make it very difficult to say with any certainty that he is as great as he has been in his short time in the NHL. But isn't that the fun of it? For us, not GMs. He could fall apart next year. Or he could be even within a shade of his performance to date and be a very reliable NHL starter. My best guess is the latter. I'm rooting for him.
GRADE: A+
Without Cam Talbot, this team wasn't a first place team. Like Henrik Lundqvist, he covered up the ills of a very mediocre defense and gave his team a chance to win consistently when he was in net. He was asked to step up and play for a long stretch as the starting goaltender, with no true backup option, when Hank went down for an extended period. The guy was simply fantastic. And his goalie masks might be the best in the league.
What do you think?
Are you overpaying for airfare? Costly new pricing rules and how to avoid them Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved FILE - In this July 25, 2013 file photo, a United Airlines plane, top left, takes off from Newark Liberty International Airport, in Newark, N.J. (AP Photo/Julio Cortez) [ + - ] Video
SCOTT MAYEROWITZ, AP Airlines Writer, and KHON2 Web Staff - The three largest U.S. airlines have changed the way they price multi-city trips, forcing those who book such itineraries to pay hundreds of extra dollars in airfare.
Most fliers buy simple roundtrip tickets and won't be affected. But travelers visiting several cities on one trip, especially those flying for business, are seeing airfares six or seven times the normal price. Many might not know of the new policy or that there is a way to avoid the higher fares.
Mike Brown, a reservations supervisor at Panda Travel, showed us how much we can save.
He priced out a trip from Miami to San Francisco with a stopover in Chicago, and then San Francisco back to Miami. All that on one ticket would cost you $1,127.
But if you booked those legs separately, you could get all those flights for only $559, or "half the price of putting it all on one ticket," he explained.
The change came about because American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United Airlines are starting to match low-cost carriers like Spirit Airlines on more routes. Some savvy fliers figured out that booking a multi-city ticket instead of one connecting ticket could save them money.
To halt that practice, American, Delta and United stopped allowing individual nonrefundable tickets to be combined. Their websites now only offer fully refundable tickets when combining one-way legs, which are often several times more expensive than the non-refundable tickets most people buy.
"They don't want to give away the store for people booking the more long-haul stuff, so they've instigated rules where certain fares are not combinable with each other, so to get around it, you just need to book each component separately," Brown explained. "They don't necessarily want us to know this is going on."
The simultaneous adoption of new pricing rules by all three carriers has led the Business Travel Coalition to accuse the airlines of illegally coordinating on this "complicated and comprehensive scheme." The advocacy group asked the Department of Justice to add this to its ongoing investigation of possible airline collusion. The group's chairman, Kevin Mitchell, said "fliers will no doubt be blindsided by this new policy and pay dearly when shopping at airline websites."
American spokesman Joshua Freed said the change was made in mid-March to stop fliers from paying fares lower than the airline had intended for certain markets.
However, the new booking rule was "broader in some cases than we wanted it to be" and the airline has since "made some changes because of customer feedback and are watching it closely."
United offered a similar explanation and Delta refused to comment.
Brett Snyder, who runs an air travel assistance company called Cranky Concierge, put it differently: "They haven't found a way to solve it eloquently so they solved it with a sledgehammer."
"They're making you overpay," Snyder added. "Airlines for years have made it clear that when you book a roundtrip it would be cheaper or the same price as a one way. Now they are flipping that, penalizing you and not even telling you."
Sometimes the differences can be extreme. Take a mid-May trip from Orlando to Detroit, then two days later to New York followed with a flight two days later back to Orlando.
Priced as three separate one-way flights, Delta Air Lines wanted a total of $282.30 for the itinerary. But try to book it as one ticket - as most travelers do - and Delta was charging $2,174.70 for the exact same flights.
The airline's website automatically offered the more-expensive fully refundable tickets and no other option.
A similar search on American Airlines for a trip from Miami to Chicago to San Francisco and back to Miami yielded similar results. Booked at three one-way trips, American was charging a total of $664.30. But if booked on one ticket, American wanted $1,064.70.
United Airlines was also charging extra for trip from New York to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, to Chicago and back to New York. Bought as one ticket, it cost $507.70, compared to a total of $308.30 if purchased as three separate tickets.
And if travelers need to modify their trips, they are going to pay even more.
If booked as a traditional multi-city trip, there would be a $200 change fee. But if fliers choose to book three one-way segments instead, that change fee could skyrocket to $600.
The complication does not apply to inter-island travelers.
"A perfect example for Hawaii is Hawaiian Airlines, Island Air, Mokulele, they're all the same. All of their fares generally speaking inter-island are one-way-based, so you don't have to worry about this. They're all combinable with each other, and it all works out," Brown noted.
Former Top Gear presenter says being sacked by the BBC was a ‘wake-up call' as he joins host of celebrities backing climate change campaign
The disgraced former Top Gear presenter Jeremy Clarkson has become the latest celebrity to support the Guardian's campaign for fossil fuel divestment.
Following what he described as a “dark night of the soul”, Clarkson said he hoped to “regain the trust of the British public” by dedicating his time and financial resources to sustainable energy, road safety and forging mutual understanding and tolerance between people of different cultures and religions.
The 54-year-old said that the “fracas” last month, in which he punched a producer on the patio of a North Yorkshire hotel, had prompted him to “re-evaluate his priorities” and reflect deeply on his life, behaviour and carbon footprint.
The BBC opted not to renew Clarkson's contract after the incident at the Simonstone Hall hotel, in the Yorkshire Dales, which left producer Oisin Tymon needing hospital treatment. More than 1.5 million Britons signed an online petition calling for Clarkson to be reinstated and for a relaxation of the laws against assault in cases that could be demonstrated to involve banter.
“Top Gear was a wild ride for an ordinary bloke like me,” said Clarkson, speaking to the Guardian at a pub near Chipping Norton, Oxfordshire. “But there comes a time when a man's got to ask himself what he really stands for. And for me, that's sustainable energy, traffic calming and an end to xenophobia and prejudice.”
Clarkson said he had experienced a “wake-up call” after being sacked by the BBC, which he likened to “ramming on the brakes on the autobahn to Damascus”.
“It was like a pit stop,” he said. “One minute I was cruising along in a Porsche Cayman S to Dark Side of the Moon. The next I was in a bloody Prius humming along to Keane.
“If you'd told me a month ago that I would be joining the tree-huggers in their hand-knitted kerb-crawlers I'd probably have punched you.
“But then I thought: ‘Where does physical aggro get you – apart from a few penalty points on your P45?' I stopped off for a pint – and there was a bloody Guardian with all this stuff about climate change.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Clarkson said he wanted to become a ‘poster person for carbon haters'. Photograph: Ana Poenariu/AFP/Getty Images
Clarkson admitted that, in his previous life, he was more likely to read the Methodist Recorder than the Guardian. “No disrespect,” he said, “but I've always thought the Guardian made the Vauxhall Vectra look quite classy.”
He added: “But then I saw this stuff about fossil fuels and it was like finding the G spot on a V8 F-type. I mean, God, I've had some pretty outrageous moments, like that time we drove a car into a tree in Somerset, or when we drove a car into a swimming pool, and some other outrageous moments that also involved cars.”
Jeremy Clarkson dropped by BBC after damning report into attack on producer Read more
“But, in the end, this is bigger than Planet Clarkson. This is Planet Everybloodybody, including members of the traveller communities and our Burmese and Argentinian friends,” he winked.
Clarkson decided to join the actor Tilda Swinton, chef Yotam Ottolenghi and campaigner Bianca Jagger in lending his name to the campaign to demand prominent foundations divest from fossil fuels. About 145,000 readers have already signed a petition asking the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and the Wellcome Trust for such a commitment.
“One hundred and forty-odd thousand is a start,” he said. “But we've got to put some oomph under the bonnet of this campaign. I've got the thick end of five mills following me on Twitter. Think of the g-force if they all switched to giving a toss about the human race.”
Clarkson, who has offered to become the new face of the Guardian campaign, said: “I was the poster boy for petrolheads. Now I want to become a – perhaps less gendered – poster person for the carbon-haters.”
“I've been talking to the Top Gear team about getting some great merch,” said Clarkson, drawing back his blue blazer to reveal a T-shirt he designed with the slogan: “No fracking way to carbon.”
“It's not quite there yet. But me and [Richard] Hammond had a few jars last night and we're working on a campaign that basically says you've got to shove gigatonnes of the black stuff back where the sun don't shine.”
He plans to boost the campaign by founding a charity to garner support for a 20mph speed limit on most British roads, rising to 45mph on motorways and dual carriageways.
David Cameron expressed his backing for Clarkson's change of direction on Tuesday, describing the presenter, who lives in his Witney constituency, as a “great mate”, who often dropped by to watch an episode of the US TV series 24 on DVD.
The prime minister called Clarkson's speed limit plans a “brilliant idea, which we should definitely implement immediately”. Downing Street later issued a statement clarifying that he had meant to say it was an interesting proposal worthy of consideration.
BBC sources said the director general, Tony Hall – who has reportedly received death threats following the decision not to renew Clarkson's contract – has convened a “war cabinet” to decide Top Gear's future. He is understood to favour a complete reinvention of the programme, with leading contenders to present the overhauled version including Bill Oddie and the former archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams.
Penguin Books, which has long published Clarkson's bestselling series of opinionated works including The World According to Clarkson, For Crying Out Loud and Driven to Distraction, said next year it planned to publish a new instalment, provisionally entitled Here Are Some Thoughts That I Had, focusing primarily on Clarkson's new-found sympathy for environmental issues, interfaith dialogue and intersectional feminism.
The FinTwit Micropayment Experiment
Favorable Carry Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 12, 2015
Experiment: Can emerging payment methods (bitcoin and ChangeTip) be used on an existing social platform (Twitter) to reward and encourage quality content
Sample Size: 12 Recipients
Total Pool ($USD): $25
Duration: One Work Week Beginning June 8
Results: 3/12 Acceptance (25%)
Background
My professional career has been spent in traditional finance and investing. Increasingly though, I am intrigued by the promise of the blockchain, bitcoin and FinTech innovation in general.
And what is that promise? Nothing less than nearly free, nearly instantaneous payment and settlement of transactions b/w anyone anywhere at anytime. The tech is not remotely there yet but that is the goal.
Once that is established, myriad other applications will capitalize on this new infrastructure. The three that are the most exciting:
- Mircropayments
- Smart Contracts
- Tokenization
This experiment was run to test the promise, in a small way, of the first one.
How It Works
Bitcoin is meant to solve this micropayment problem: there is a great deal of content on the Internet that has small value but is impossible to monetize. The culprit is minimum transaction fees (~$0.30 plus 3%) which make small payments impossible.
A great deal of content may be worth $1 to $2 to users, but if it's not on an existing commercial platform (iTunes, etc.) it is trapped and thus worthless.
For one, the hassle of paying for it (the actual sending of $) is a turn off to the consumer. And the fees, as % of transaction value, become egregious to the seller.
But bitcoin's fee structure is percentage only (it varies but should be less than 1%). And off-chain transactions can be totally free b/w users with existing accounts. All of the sudden payments, even for the most de minimus of values, become viable.
Cool!
So what applications/uses might this facilitate?
- One time access to walled garden content
- Monetizing quality internet comments/jokes/suggestions/whatever
- Rewarding stranded but high quality content like essays, songs, videos, etc.
- Walling off Comments Sections (via a small entry toll) to discourage trolls (a Troll Toll!)
- Crowdfunding microamounts from a large group so that the total is meaningful
- And many other things I cant even think of
This specific experiment was meant to test out micropayments on Twitter using bitcoin and ChangeTip.
How ChangeTip Works
ChangeTip has a clever method to facilitate micropayments. The service uses simple instruction codes that are NATIVE to the platform host, including Twitter, Facebook, GitHub etc. This service allows users to freely exchange money (in $BTC form) instantly and for free.**
For Twitter, the command is simple. In a tweet say: “@changetip send [value amount] to @[recipient]”
That's it. Pretty neat.
The above command summons the @changetip bot which then checks the sender's account balance and, if the balance is sufficient, immediately credits the sender and debits the recipient the named amount. If the recipient doesn't have an account, one is made for them.
This happens instantly (well, maybe 10 seconds) and for free.**
Very neat!
ChangeTip also has preset monikers with ascribed values, e.g. “cookies” are worth $1.50 and “beers” are worth $3.50 (not NYC prices but you get the point). You can also make your own monikers of any type and with any value.
I funded my account with $25 worth of bitcoin that I sent via Circle (an excellent, intuitive wallet provider & recent recipient of a $50mm fund raising led by Goldman).
The Experiment
I primarily follow finance folks on Twitter, the so called “FinTwit” crowd. There are a number of users who tweet frequently and post quality content including; breaking news, excellent observations, interesting links, thoughtful commentary, funny jokes, etc.
And they do it all for free. So how about some $BTC for good tweets?
To begin, I noticed that @modestproposal1 went to the trouble of writing his first blog post. It can be found here: https://medium.com/@modestproposal1/irreconciliable-difference-why-tech-and-public-markets-can-t-and-won-t-get-along-51573de7962
MP is a high quality follow for anyone on finance twitter and often has excellent & interesting things to say, especially i/r/t TMT matters. And so to thank him for the inaugural blog post, I sent him a “beer”.
Response: None.
Oh well.
One issue is that the @changetip notification can appear as “spam-y”.
Or perhaps it just strikes the user as weird and/or annoying.
After two days and several more tips, I eventually got my first response!
@skelecap favorited a tweet in which I sent him a chicken wing ($0.75). Unfortunately, I think @skelecap autofavs every mention so that doesn't really count.
On Tuesday evening, I decided to up the volume and I spammed @the_analyst and @marketplunger with tips.
This time I got a real response.
Not especially encouraging but a start.
On Thursday, I tipped an excellent FinTwit user and got a “thanks but no thanks” response. I asked why and received this thoughtful email with the following reasoning:
that's part of it. maybe if ChangeTip were a part of Twitter, rather than peripherally related, I might think differently..
at the most basic level, I don't really want to give some company i don't know or understand access to my Twitter account.. and then I'm guessing I have to set up a BTC wallet, etc, which is where all of the other fraud/security concerns multiply.
if I were a BTC user/interested party, I'd do it… but I'm not. let me know if you have more questions — I scrolled back through a day or two of your tweets and noticed that you were saying your efforts to give BTC via ChangeTip were a failure so far, which is why I wanted to explain my own view…
Well said and valid views.
The experiment wrapped up on a positive note with good engagement from FinTwit powerhouse, @BarbarianCapital
Conclusions
While the conversion rate was low, I am still encouraged. There remains a great deal of consumer trepidation involving bitcoin. It started as a medium for illicit trade and still has some growing up to do. Consumers need to understand the use case and feel comfortable transacting in it. This will take time.
And the ChangeTip infrastructure is a bit clunky and not terribly intuitive. But it is a promising start.
Infrastructure issues are technical and will be resolved with time and money.
And ultimately I am an optimist. The potential is enormous and the size of the untapped consumer surplus is many billions of USD.
I am already planning the next round of experiments …
Thank you for reading!
** There are some material slippage fees/issues but I won't get into that matter here. This slippage should be resolved over time once the user base grows.
The Alpine swift has the longest non-stop flight pattern known of in the avian world.
Scientists have long suspected that the Alpine swift — a swallowlike bird that has a wingspan of about 22 inches (57 centimeters) and a body length of about 8 inches (20 cm) – spends much of its life in flight, based on field observations and radar data collected during its migration. But, until now, researchers have not been able to prove just how long these birds fly without taking a rest.
Researchers at the Swiss Ornithological Institute and the Bern University of Applied Sciences in Burgdorf, Switzerland, have collected data showing that the birds take little to no breaks during their migration from breeding grounds in Switzerland to wintering grounds in Western Africa and back again the following year. The team details their findings today (Oct. 8) in the journal Nature Communications. [Quest for Survival: Incredible Animal Migrations]
To collect their data, the researchers outfitted six birds with small tags that logged acceleration and ambient light during the course of a yearlong migration cycle that began and ended in Switzerland. Only three of the six birds were recaptured the following year, but these individuals provided enough data to complete the study, the researchers said.
The team analyzed the acceleration patterns captured by the loggers to determine when the birds vigorously flapped their wings, when they glided and when they rested.
The only period of sustained resting appeared during the breeding period in Switzerland. The birds appeared to glide and flap throughout their entire migration across the Sahara Desert and their overwintering period in sub-Saharan West Africa.
"Their activity pattern reveals that they can stay airborne continuously throughout their nonbreeding period in Africa and must be able to recover while airborne," the team writes in the report. "To date, such long-lasting locomotive activities had been reported only for animals living in the sea."
Migrating sea animals, including a variety of whale and fish species, expend less energy migrating than birds do because the swimmers rely partially on their own buoyancy to help keep them afloat.
Birds expend lots of energy during flight, but Alpine swifts do not need to stop to eatbecause they feed midair on what is called aerial plankton — the atmospheric equivalent to marine plankton that can include an array of tiny bacteria, fungus, seeds, spores and small insects that get caught in air currents.
Whether or not the birds sleep in flight remains unclear, though periods of decreased movement suggest that they do, indeed, catch up on a bit of rest midair. Still, the clear lack of significant resting periods suggest that the birds do not need as much sleep to perform their migration as previous research has suggested.
"We cannot rule out that the Alpine swifts may interrupt their flight for a few minutes," the team writes. "Nevertheless, they must be able to accomplish all vital physiological functions in flight over a period of several months."
The team next hopes to determine the evolutionary drivers responsible for what they consider to be an extraordinary behavior.
Follow Laura Poppick on Twitter. Follow LiveScience on Twitter, Facebook and Google+. Original article on LiveScience.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The B.C. Greens and NDP parties have reached an agreement that will allow them to create a minority government and remove Premier Christy Clark from her seat as head of the province. Both parties have made it clear the new agreement is not a coalition — the Green Party will still be able to support their own platforms, but will guarantee any support of an NDP budget or confidence motion.
Both parties signed a confidence agreement that set out specific requirements for both parties to work together in B.C. It is a dream come true for Green supporters across the country as the environment and climate change goals are put at the forefront for the first time in Canadian history. An entire section of the agreement focuses on reducing greenhouse emissions and calls for an increase in the carbon tax and a revitalization of the environmental assessment process in the province. The Lieutenant Governor Judith Guichon will most likely cast a vote of no confidence to remove Christy Clark as Premier, though she has confirmed she will remain leader of the opposition.
The agreement takes a hard stance against the pipeline expansion of the Kinder Morgan project and promises to “immediately employ every tool available” to stop the project. The Site C hydro dam, another controversial environmental project, will also be sent to the B.C. Utilities Commission for review of its economic viability. Kinder Morgan's shares fell on Tuesday on the Toronto Stock Exchange due to the uncertainty of the Kinder Morgan project and the recent coalition government.
The electoral results and vote recount has cast doubt onto the ‘first-past-the-post' electoral system and is bringing up the issue of reform. The first-past-the-post system allows people to elect representatives for their ward, and the political party with the most representative becomes the leader of the province. The agreement between the NDP and the Green includes the discussion of changing to proportional representation, which would cast a popular vote for the premier or prime minister in addition to a vote for the candidate in each riding. The plan is to have a referendum in 2018. The Federal Liberal government pushed for electoral reform in their campaign and once Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was elected, they dropped the issue. The new government in B.C desires to bring that issue to the forefront.
The NDP-Green agreement marks a new relationship between two parties that have traditionally both been in disagreement. If the no confidence vote dethrones Clark and NDP leader John Horgan becomes Premier, it will be interesting to witness the environment become an issue of focus on a level never-before-seen in the province and across Canada.
A protester outside of Republican Rep. Mike Bishop's office on Monday in Brighton, Michigan. Rachel Woolf/Getty Images
In an opinion filed on Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Judge Leonie Brinkema has now granted a preliminary injunction in the case Aziz v. Trump. The Commonwealth of Virginia had filed suit, claiming that Trump's executive order—titled “Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States”—violates the First and Fifth amendments to the United States Constitution, as well as the Immigration and Nationality Act and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act. While this suit was filed before the 9th Circuit made its decision last week to uphold a nationwide injunction, the preliminary injunction in this case applies only to the commonwealth.
Judge Brinkema first found that the commonwealth has shown evidence that the ban will be harmful to the universities and public colleges in the state and that the defendant, the United States, has shown no evidence to counter these claims. Brinkema also noted that while the Trump administration has maintained that the executive order is necessary to “protect the United States from terrorist attacks to be carried out by nationals from the seven affected countries,” it offered no evidence to justify those national-security concerns, nor had it even “described the process by which the president concluded this action was necessary.” She notes that the only national-security evidence actually placed in the record is a declaration of 10 national-security professionals, who all agree that “the order undermines the national security of the United States, rather than making us safer.”
The judge then goes on to the issue of justiciability and concludes that—ouch—“Maximum power does not mean absolute power.” Judge Brinkema then cites no less an authority than Marbury v. Madison in noting that Trump's executive order is reviewable by the courts—reminding us, once more with feeling, that it is “emphatically the province and duty of the judicial department to say what the law is.”
In turning to the commonwealth's likely success on the merits, Brinkema finds that the constitutional bar on establishing religion rarely succeeds, because the government rarely attempts to advance one religion over another. Yet in assessing whether Trump's Muslim ban in sheep's clothing is a sham, she suggests that “a person is not made brand new simply by taking the oath of office.” Or, as she writes, “The Muslim ban was a centerpiece of the president's campaign for months, and the press release calling for it was still available on his website as of the day this Memorandum Opinion is being entered.”
Judge Brinkema concludes that there is a possibility of irreparable harm to the commonwealth of Virginia if the ban goes back into effect. She then limits the injunction to the commonwealth itself. One imagines that it's only a matter of moments before Trump or Stephen Miller tweets something at Judge Brinkema suggesting that judges have no place in a constitutional democracy. Thankfully, and yet again, constitutional democracy emphatically disagrees.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Sadiq Khan shut down a caller during a radio phone-in after he was accused of being "dishonest" about using Uber.
The Mayor of London was hosting a radio phone-in on LBC on Thursday, and took a range of calls from listeners.
One caller, Hannad from Tower Hamlets, asked: "What I want to ask is why you say that you use Uber when you were campaigning to be Mayor, and then said that you'd never used them when you revoked their licence?
"I mean, isn't that dishonest?"
Mr Khan did not appear to take the question well, accusing Hannad of not staying on topic since they were supposed to be talking about Brexit.
He said: "Thank you for that relevant question about the EU, let me answer that question directly - I don't know what you're talking about, mate."
The Mayor has previously been accused of “flip-flopping” on Uber to win votes.
He claimed earlier this month that he had “not knowingly” used the taxi-hailing app since its launch in London in 2012.
However a video clip from 2015 has emerged of him referring to himself as an “Uber man”, raising questions over whether he had used the service.
Twitter users were quick to criticise his response to the caller.
One user said: “Sadiq Khan on @LBC asked about his hypocrisy over Uber, hangs up on caller...”
Another added: “The way Sadiq Khan deals with difficult, uncomfortable, embarrassing questions... SLAM!”
Another said: “Sadiq khan on lbc now. A caller raised the issue of him using Uber. Don't have a clue what yer on about mate and cuts him Off...”
Uber has filed an appeal following a decision by TfL to strip it of its London licence.
Since then more than 855,000 people have signed an online petition launched by Uber, urging TfL to reverse its ruling.
A spokeswoman for the Mayor said: “LBC cut the caller off for not asking a question on topic.”
If you're new here, you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed. Thanks for visiting!
Search engine Cuil launched earlier this evening, claiming a bigger index size (120 billion web pages) than Google or any other search engine. The pedigree of the founders and execs, which includes three exes senior Googlers, means the service will be compared to Google from day one. And the way they will be compared is index size and, more importantly, relevance/ranking of results.
We've been testing the engine for the last hour. Based on our test queries Cuil is an excellent search engine, particularly since it is all of an hour old. But it doesn't appear to have the depth of results that Google has, despite their claims. And the results are not nearly as relevant.
A search for Dog returns 280 million results on Cuil and 498 million on Google. Judging relevance of results is subjective, but Google returns Wikipedia as the first result, then dog.com. Cuil returns Dog.com, wikipedia isn't listed on the first page of results. Both are meaningful results, but Google is better.
More searches, Cuil v. Google: Apple (83 m v. 571 million) – neither mention the fruit. France (102 m v. 1.5 billion) – Cuil's category refinement makes their results better for this query. Stonehenge (800k v. 8.5 million). Silicon Valley (3.2 m v. 24 m). Techcrunch (600k v. 6.5 m).
Read
It seems pretty clear that Google's index of web pages is significantly larger than Cuil's unless we're randomly choosing the wrong queries. Based on the queries above, Google is averaging nearly 10x the number of results of Cuil.
And Cuil's ranking isn't as good as Google's based on the pure results returned from both queries. Where Cuil excels is with the related categories, which return results that are extremely relevant. With Google, we've all gotten used to trying a slightly different search to get the refined results we need. Cuil does a good job of guessing what we'll want next and presents that in the top right widget. That means Cuil saves time for more research based queries.
And I want to reemphasize that Cuil is only an hour old at this point, Google has had a decade to perfect their search engine.
Source – Techcrunch
Be Sociable, Share!
Credit checks aren't just for loan officers anymore. Now, your prospective employer is checking your credit history too.
The practice is increasingly common as employers look for more ways to determine whether or not they're about to hire the right employee.
But Massachusettes Sentaor Elizabeth Warren says it's a practice that must end because credit history is biased and does not give an accurate picture of a person's ability to do their job properly.
The Senator introduced The Equal Employment for All Act on Tuesday, which would prohibit employers from requiring potential employees to disclose their credit history as part of the job application process, and would stop employers from disqualifying employees based on poor credit rating. The bill makes an exception, however, for national security jobs.
Credit checks are run on job applicants of all types, and not just high-level management positions. Forty-seven percent of employers check applicants' credit history as an indicator of their employability, according to a 2012 survey by the Society for Human Resource Management.
Jobs associated with maintenance work, telephone tech support, assisting in an office, working as a delivery driver, selling insurance, laboring as a home care aide, supervising a stockroom and serving frozen yogurt are subject to credit checks. Some employers even conduct credit checks on existing employees when they are considering a promotion, according to Amy Traub, senior policy analyst with research and policy center, Demos.
Warren's argument is that poor credit is often discriminatory and affects minorities more than other groups. The reason for bad credit are often tied to medical bills and unemployment, and further impacted by economic downturns--not an individual's character or ability.
"The use of credit checks creates a Catch 22 for job seekers. It traps unemployed workers who have fallen behind on their bills in a vicious cycle of debt," says Nancy Zirkin, executive vice president, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights.
One of the major reasons to remove credit checks from the job application process is that they often include errors, Warren notes.
The Federal Trade Commission has found that 21% of American consumers had an error on a credit report from at least one of the three major credit reporting companies; 13% of consumers had errors serious enough to change their credit score.
Today, credit history checks are legal under the the Fair Credit Reporting Act. It requires employers to notify prospective hires of their decision to deny them employment if such a decision is based on his or her credit. The job applicant is then given three to five days to fix any errors on his or her credit report before the employer can take action.
Senator's Warren office doesn't think that system does enough to protect job hunters.
"Families have not fully recovered from the 2008 financial crisis, and too many Americans are still searching for jobs. This is about basic fairness -- let people compete on the merits, not on whether they already have enough money to pay all their bills," Senator Warren said in a statement.
Models need to be fit to keep still for so long
By Jo-Anne Rowney
BBC News Magazine
Television viewers are getting a taste of how artists go about drawing life models with a series of classes on Channel 4. But what is it like to pose naked for art? It's cold, all eyes are on you, and you're naked. It sounds like a recurring nightmare, but this was an everyday occurrence for life model Sarah Snee. The artists don't view you sexually - they see the body as a series of lines and shadows, a piece of art
Sarah Snee
Life model From Leonardo da Vinci to Lucian Freud, artists have always taken their inspiration from the human body by turning to life drawing to understand the naked form. While the painter may get all the attention, on the other side of the canvas is the lesser-known life model. Sarah started modelling when studying at Slade School of Fine Art, University College London. As a student strapped for cash the allure of making money modelling for art was too much to resist. But there was another motivation - self exploration. "I was intrigued by the idea of being naked in front of strangers," says Sarah. "Especially at the age of 20 when you're still getting to know your own body and developing your own sexuality. It was a very romantic idea, a bohemian idea." Artist's gaze Sarah can recall the first time she modelled, as she met the eyes of the students posed to draw her, she felt self-conscious. Her mind raced with questions. "My first time was daunting. I was wondering what people thought of my body. Was I attractive enough? Did my bum look big? The things most people would be concerned with. The art world is littered with famous nudes "I had just got back from holiday and I felt like I'd put on lots of weight. I thought I can't do this, what had I been thinking? But then I realised what I felt was only natural. From then I relaxed and it was easier." Despite being under the intense scrutiny of a room full of pupils, male and female, Sarah found she quickly became used to being under the artist's gaze. "It made me feel more confident about my body. I felt liberated. I feel more self-conscious wearing a bikini on holiday with friends than I did when I was naked in front of strangers. "For me it was a means to channel that exhibitionism. I quite liked getting naked in front of strangers. I find it quite exhilarating, you're the centre of attention and you're enabling people to be creative." When Sarah decided to become a life model people were intrigued. "I think some guys liked it. It was a good line to use as a student meeting people in bars. It got people interested and I definitely got a few boyfriends from it." HISTORY OF LIFE DRAWING 1st Century AD: Roman philosopher Pliny tells of Zeuxis viewing women naked and selecting five to combine to paint an ideal image 1487: Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian Man, depicts naked male form as proportionate 1580s: Carraci's art school in Bologna focuses on life drawing 1700s: Students in Jacques-Louis David's studio must master drawing Some artists see drawing from observation as the pinnacle of the practice, allowing a chance to capture the essence of the form, recreating it in a way that copying a photograph just cannot compare to. According to artist Alan Kane, life drawing has become less fashionable. Kane, the man behind the Channel 4 series, Life Class: Today's Nude, says life modelling should be viewed as "educational and non-sexualised nudity". However, life modelling has gained some dodgy associations, Sarah explains. "People say to me isn't life modelling really weird? Isn't it a bit sexual? Of course there are men who have this idea they're all going to draw these naked women and it's going to be thrilling. "But the artists don't view you sexually. They see the body as a series of lines and shadows, a piece of art." Depicting anatomy has been a valued skill for centuries Perhaps a more pressing issue for the typical life model is the cold. "There's a heater normally, but the worst place was the freezing Canvas Gallery in Islington [in north London]," says Sarah. "They had a gas burner and it blew towards you, it was a little scary. I was paranoid about it blowing up." As if catching a chill wasn't enough, posing can also be physically challenging. You have to be very fit to remain motionless. "I think I've got thread veins [small blood vessels near the surface of the skin] prematurely from modelling because you are cutting off the blood supply over long lengths of time. "I used to get extreme pain, some poses were just agonising. Imagine sitting down and resting on your hand, twisting slightly to the right. There's pain in your wrist, pain in your buttocks and the lower back from the pressure." There are always bad experiences, but life as a model can also be rewarding. One artist sold paintings of Sarah in a Paris show. A painting was bought by a top buyer, and is currently displayed alongside a Vermeer in the French capital. With her image holding pride of place in Paris, Sarah feels part of her will live on beyond her years. "It's nice to think there's a little bit of me that will survive out there somewhere. It's lovely to think my image is out there bringing people happiness." Below is a selection of your comments. I modelled myself some years ago, but as a man I was asked to wear a thong. I thought this was to keep my bits out of view of the female students. But no. It was to keep the bits under control. You see, posing generally leads the mind to wander and to daydream, and in that situation arousal is all too common.
Ian, Fleetwood When I went to see my future wife's mother she took me into the sitting room and served coffee on a glass top coffee table. Under the glass was a life drawing of my future mother-in-law who used to be a model. I didn't know where to put my biscuits. At least I got to see into the future.
Paul, Hampshire Many years ago I did three months life modelling, as well as - over ten years - collating information about the human rights records of other countries. From these two experiences, let me assure you that an ill-considered pose is an unwitting act of torture. Oh my lower leg muscles just ache at the memory.
Nic, London We had a young model who was a bit of a poser. She lasted about three weeks. She couldn't hack the clinical detachment that you have to have for analytical drawing. I agree with Adam from Brighton, big fat women are great to draw. One lady was wonderful and in her breaks she used to tear our drawings apart. Big boobs and bellies and reach for the 4B.
Colin Bibby, Lima, Peru I did a lot of life classes while studying art. The worst part is when the model takes a break and wanders round to have a look at people's work... you feel self-conscious of your representation of their nude body. Older, plumper people are the best to draw, they have much more interesting bodies. Curves and creases.
Adam Kidd, Brighton Trust the media to find a young, attractive blonde to illustrate the story. When I was at art college in the early 80s most of our models were middle-aged and wrinkly, which actually makes for a much more interesting study. However there was one "extra-mature" model "Old Dave", and we were all very grateful indeed that he always kept his baggy grey Y-fronts firmly on.
Graeme, Bristol, UK I've never modelled myself - for the good of human kind - but I did draw people, both male & female and there's something magical about the naked human body.
Martín Alejandro Carmona Selva, Barcelona, Spain Hasn't Sarah achieved something we would all love? Immortality without suffering the ageing process. Excellent.
David, Lancashire, Burnley It's good to see such an "alternative" job getting the recognition and respect it deserves. I've been a life model for a couple of years now and although the work is sometimes hard (I find yoga helps!) and jobs can be sporadic, I love being a part of the creative process and the students are always professional and respectful. I have a degree in History of Art and Design, but have learned so much about drawing since I began modelling that I now want to go back and do an Art Foundation course.
Claire Hill, Manchester, UK The human form should be celebrated as an interesting form of natural engineering and an aesthetic piece of art. We are all naked underneath our clothes.
Julia Brydon, Brighton, UK While I imagine it's quite exciting to do, I don't think I would ever become a life model myself. I think I've still got too much of that Victorian prudishness inside me.
Ed, York I was a model throughout college for various art courses. It was mostly a very positive experience and it did pay well. The downside was that male models were paid at a significantly higher rate (apparently women are much more likely to model for classes, leaving the instructors desperate to find men willing to pose for their students). Who would've thought the glass ceiling exists in nude modelling, too?
Sara, Dallas, TX, USA I've modelled since I was 21 and have done it through two pregnancies and into my late 30s. I love it, find the artists a fascinating bunch and now find the enforced inactivity complete bliss. Personally I'm not an exhibitionist, just happy in my own skin and enjoying doing something a bit different.
Mrs HD, Herefordshire Why do the English have such trouble separating nudity from sexuality? There is a time for titillation and there is a time to admire the scientific wonder and artistic beauty of human anatomy.
Ross Brown, London, UK Ross, I really don't think there's "time to admire the scientific wonder and artistic beauty of human anatomy", at least not in this time and age. If you notice, most of the renaissance models we've seen are unfit and out of shape, my guess is people bank then were able to see the beauty in the human body, but in this time and age there's simply no time for it, and those who claim to be are only interested to sit and stare at a physically attractive and fit model. Otherwise, a human body doesn't interest them; when was the last time someone was interested in painting an out-of-shape wrinkled old fat lady?
Ash, Dubai, UAE When I was student in Aberdeen, I posed for classes at Gray's Art School. I agree it's a liberating experience and gives you time to do nothing but think. Normally the classes were art students or adults where it was a hobby. However, one night, I walked in to find that half the class were Art GCSE girls. As I got into my pose, one of them stage-whispered "Not as big as I expected."
Tony Romanis, Carlisle I've done life drawing and I view the female models sexually. Sorry, prudes, but that is human nature and is perfectly acceptable thing to do. I have no personal issues like most repressed people in society who look down their noses on other people.
Mikey, Australia To look at a nude as lines and shadows is to reduce it to level of a vase. A good nude picture communicates the sensuality of the model. After all that is the real beauty of a woman. People who fret about sexuality should play safe and draw fruit.
Tony Fekete, Bucharest For the average person even in the Western world, I guess being naked in public would be very difficult and embarrassing. However I would consider it a brave and liberating experience to do so; you are overcoming all those deeply rooted inhibitions you have acquired since early childhood. There is nothing shameful about the naked human body, well proportioned or otherwise.
Rajiv, Trivandrum, India As an artist who has taken much life drawing classes I can vouch for the fact that it is not sexual. However, it can be uncomfortable for the artist at first as well as the model. Actually, it's difficult to draw the body correctly and you really have to pay attention to the various little shapes. The one thing I did learn is that there are all sorts of bodies out there so mine isn't that horrible. I could never pose nude though.
Kathleen, Boston, USA As an amateur artist who has been on the drawing side in life classes, I have to agree with Sarah that I entirely saw the human form as a series of curves and shadows and a real challenge to capture well. It definitely helps you see it as an absolute work of art in its own right.
Justin Kirby, Livingston, Scotland
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Many feel that with a new coach and a young team, the Bucs are going to be a better team than the 4-12 record they put up in the 2012 season.
Those many apparently are not a part of the staff of Pro Football Talk, who have their preseason rankings out – and today they have their 26th ranked team in their rankings – the Bucs.
According to PFT, here's the weak parts of the Bucs for the upcoming season:
Taken individually, there are good parts to work with for new defensive coordinator Bill Sheridan.
The problem is, collectively those parts stunk last year.
The Bucs allowed 494 points last year, the most in team history. They ranked last in the league in points allowed and rushing defense, a sure sign there wasn't much resistance late.
Moving veteran Ronde Barber from corner to safety, and installing him next to rookie Mark Barron gives them an interesting tandem in the middle.
On paper, Aqib Talib and Eric Wright give them a good pair of corners, but both have shown signs of knuckle-headedness in their past, making you wonder how they'll fit with Greg Schiano long-term.
Second-rounder Lavonte David has promise as a playmaker at linebacker, but he's surrounded by a fairly ordinary cast.
Up front, Gerald McCoy has shown flashes, but the defensive tackle has never lived up to his draft status because of injuries, similar to Brian Price.
Adrian Clayborn is a good, solid defensive end, the kind you can build around, but losing Da'Quan Bowers to a torn Achilles casts doubt on where the pass rush is coming from.
If you care to read the rest of the report, click HERE. Feel free to leave them a message if you disagree with the rankings – which I think most of you do.
1997 studio album by The Prodigy
The Fat of the Land is the third studio album by English electronic music group The Prodigy. It was first released on 30 June 1997 by XL Recordings in the United Kingdom and on 1 July 1997 by Maverick Records in the United States.
The album received critical acclaim, and has sold over 10 million copies worldwide as of 2012.[3][4]
Content [ edit ]
The album title comes from the old English phrase 'living off the fat of the land', which means living well or being wealthy.[5]
While Liam Howlett is generally responsible for the compositions and Maxim Reality is featured on two tracks, this is the first record to include contributions by Keith Flint, who provides vocals on four of the songs, including a cover of the L7 song "Fuel My Fire" (from the 1994 album Hungry for Stink). The Fat of the Land album cover featured a new logo, dropping "The" and adding an ant silhouette.
Release [ edit ]
Released in the last week of June, the album hit number one on the Billboard chart on 19 July 1997. Certified double platinum on 2 December that year,[16] it sold 2,600,000 copies in the United States.[17]
The album caused controversy. The National Organization for Women objected to the seeming misogyny of "Smack My Bitch Up", though the band maintains that its true interpretation is "doing anything intensely".[18] Liam Howlett observed, "That record was for the fans. Only brainless people get some stupid message out of it… I'm often misquoted. Some magazine said, 'Liam Howlett says his band are dangerous.' What I said was, 'For this band to survive, it has to be dangerous for us'… I wasn't saying we were dangerous because we're firestarters and we have spiky hair."[19]
In 1999, The Fat of the Land entered the Guinness World Records as the fastest-selling UK album. The album was also nominated for the 1998 Grammy Award for Best Alternative Music Album, but lost to Radiohead's OK Computer.
Legacy [ edit ]
It has been featured in much music publication lists:
In 1998, Q magazine readers voted The Fat of the Land the ninth greatest album of all time. In 2000, Q placed it at number 47 in its list of the 100 greatest British albums ever. [ citation needed ] It has also been ranked number 43 in Q 's "Best 50 Albums of Q 's Lifetime" list, [20] and was included in their "90 Best Albums of the 1990s" [21] and "50 Best Albums of 1997" lists. [22]
magazine readers voted the ninth greatest album of all time. In 2000, placed it at number 47 in its list of the 100 greatest British albums ever. It has also been ranked number 43 in 's "Best 50 Albums of 's Lifetime" list, and was included in their "90 Best Albums of the 1990s" and "50 Best Albums of 1997" lists. Rolling Stone included in their "Essential Recordings of the 90s" list. [23]
included in their "Essential Recordings of the 90s" list. Spin ranked it number 20 on their list of the "Top 20 Albums of the Year [1997]" list. [24]
ranked it number 20 on their list of the "Top 20 Albums of the Year [1997]" list. Melody Maker ranked it number 13 on their list of "Albums of the Year" for 1997 [25] and number 29 in their 1997 Pazz & Jop Critics' Poll. [26]
ranked it number 13 on their list of "Albums of the Year" for 1997 and number 29 in their 1997 Pazz & Jop Critics' Poll. NME ranked it number 17 in their 1997 Critics' Poll.[27]
The album is included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die.[28] The album was also nominated for the 1997 Mercury Music Prize.[29]
Cover versions [ edit ]
Track listing [ edit ]
Japan bonus tracks[32] No. Title Writer(s) Length 11. "Molotov Bitch" Howlett 4:56 12. "No Man Army" Howlett
Tom Morello 4:10
Personnel [ edit ]
The Prodigy
Additional musicians
Other personnel
Neil McLellan – engineer
Christian Ammann – photography
JAKe – illustrations
Alex Jenkins – art direction, design, photography
Pat Pope – photography
Alex Scaglia – photography
Lou Smith – photography
Terry Whittaker – photography
Konrad Wothe – photography
Mike Champion – management
Charts [ edit ]
Album [ edit ]
Weekly charts [ edit ]
Year-end charts [ edit ]
Chart (1997) Position German Albums Chart[48] 18
Singles [ edit ]
Year Song Chart Peak
position 1996 "Firestarter" UK Singles Chart[49] 1 1996 "Breathe" UK Singles Chart[49] 1 1996 "Firestarter" Australian ARIA Singles Chart[50] 22 1996 "Breathe" Australian ARIA Singles Chart[50] 2 1997 "Smack My Bitch Up" UK Singles Chart[49] 8 1997 "Smack My Bitch Up" Australian ARIA Singles Chart[50] 41 1997 "Smack My Bitch Up" Canadian Singles Chart[51] 12 1997 "Firestarter" US Billboard Hot 100[51] 30 1997 "Firestarter" US Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales[51] 11 1997 "Firestarter" US Modern Rock Tracks[51] 24 1997 "Breathe" US Modern Rock Tracks[51] 18 1997 "Breathe" Canadian Singles Chart[52] 65 1997 "Smack My Bitch Up" US Hot Dance Music/Maxi-Singles Sales[51] 19 1998 "Smack My Bitch Up" US Billboard Hot 100[51] 89
Certifications [ edit ]
I wish I could take credit for having such a deep understanding of Italian culture that the meaning behind Rossi's Mugello helmet was self-evident, but the credit belongs to Ducati Corse's PR man, Chris Jonnum. After seeing Alex Brigg's tweet that featured Rossi's new helmet design, CJ was kind enough to connect the dots for us on the meaning behind the special Mugello helmet. And let me tell you, as non-Italian, the trail would not have been easy to follow without his help. Get the inside scoop on Rossi's lid after the jump.
Featured on the top of the helmet is Italian singer, actor, and television host Gianni Morandi. Morandi is something of big deal in the country shaped like a boot, having sold 49 million records worldwide and generally putting light Italian music on the map, so to speak. Circumscribing the photo of Morandi is a ring of flowers, which hail from the city of Sanremo, which CJ tells us is also known as the City of Flowers, since it has been in the business of selling flower year-round since the late 9th century.
Known for the Sanremo Festival, the city hosts one of Italy's major musical events, and is unsurprisingly characterized by the flowers, which as we have said, the city is also famous for growing. During the 2012 Sanremo Festival, Gianni Morandi was ordering around his work crew and serendipitously coined the now famous motto “restiamo uniti” (also seen on the helmet), which literally translates into “let's stick together” in Italian. While this is where CJ leaves us to conclude the meaning of the helmet as it relates to Valentino Rossi, we think it speaks pretty loudly for itself.
With Rossi talking very favorably this week about his meeting with Audi's executives, it seems increasingly likely that the nine-time World Champion will stay on with Ducati Corse for at least another season, despite all the trouble he and his team have had with the GP11 & GP12 race bikes. The bigger question now is whom will be his teammate, Cal or Nicky. For that, only time will tell.
Source: Ducati Corse
Howard Stern will appear on Monday's edition of "Late Show with David Letterman," which presents an opportunity a yup, admittedly an unexpected one a to discuss the next chapter in the life of one David Letterman.
As in: The future? What's next for a 68-year-old TV legend who still has energy, smarts, opinions and no discernible hobbies to keep him happily occupied as the golden years fly by...
How about another job, or more specifically, how about a radio show? Howard Stern a a guest of many years standing a has done OK with that newfangled medium called "satellite radio." Seems like Dave could find a niche there too, right?
This isn't idle speculation on my part for a change. Letterman's longtime colleagues have spoken of the possibility too (the boss has indicated in a few public comments that he might like to do something for CBS's "Sunday Morning" or even something online).
"We've talked about this" -- a possible radio gig -- "among ourselves," said Jerry Foley, "Late Show's" longtime and esteemed director in an interview Friday. "If you think about it, the show has become more about the desk more than anything else in the past couple of years. What happens at the desk puts him at the height of his powers, when he sits down and talks..."
Foley adds that Letterman enjoyed his "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" outing with Jerry Seinfeld, so the Internet beckons to some degree as well. But radio is especially intriguing; it's either long form or short-form, comedic or straight, about current affairs or the discussion of any type of affair, current or otherwise, you darn well choose to discuss.
And Dave, as Dave-o-philes know, began his career on talk radio, WNTS/AM radio in Indianapolis, as both anchor and weatherman. Radio was the springboard to that which was to be a 33 years on network television. He congratulated tropical storms on becoming upgraded to hurricanes. He spoke of hailstones "the size of canned hams."
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
A future post-"Late Show" radio program would probably be a little different a still whimsical, but also presumably serious. It could also provide the foundation for a Letterman Unbound a a thoughtful guy with well-formed opinions about world affairs, politics and culture, says Foley.
Terrestrial radio or satellite? Guests or solo?
We're getting ahead of ourselves here, but satellite certainly sounds like fun, no? Guests, an absolute must. Maybe even...Stern.
With so many iconic buildings and locations - from the gleaming metallic Bean, to the Navy Pier Ferris wheel, to the soaring Hancock and Willis towers - we probably could have guessed somewhere in Chicago would be the most Instagrammed location in Illinois. But when bus travel company Busbud totaled up every state's most popular place on Instagram, it was Wrigley Field that came out on top.As explained by Vox , Busbud determined each state's most popular location by totaling up the data in both geolocation tag and hashtags. Overall, they found that the most popular locations were mostly outside, with a preference for parks and geographic locations and with historic sites, landmarks and points of interest not far behind.As the second-oldest active major league ballpark in the country, the oldest National League park and a major tourist attraction (not to mention its location near the iconic lakeshore), Wrigley Field ticks more than one box on Busbud's list. And as Cubs fever sweeps Chicago on the heels of the team's first postseason appearance since 2008, it's no wonder the beloved North Side ballpark is so popular.On Monday, the Cubs left Chicago for Pittsburgh to play the Pirates in the National League wildcard game. Cubs fans have been scooping up tickets on resale sites and many are planning to travel for the team's first postseason game in seven years."If there was a big Pittsburgh contingency those tickets wouldn't be there," said Steve Buzil of Sit Close Tickets. "So that tells us that their side is weak. Our side is strong. There is going to be a sea of blue coming down there. I've got a lot of calls, a lot of tickets."Perhaps so many available tickets shouldn't be surprising - the most popular location Instagrammed in Pennsylvania is the Pittsburgh Zoo
Damn, Nick Wooster has A LOT of clothes. I mean, that shit was pretty obvious considering dude is rarely seen wearing the same thing twice, but still, damn. Tightly tucked into his West Village apartment is an arsenal of jawnz that could make even casual fans of menswear weep. It's jackets upon jackets, shirts upon shirts, shoes upon shoes, and then some (read: a shit ton) more of all of that. The Coveteur recently photographed Wooster's never-ending wardrobe, giving us a peek into what is, ultimately, the story of Nick Wooster. That's not to say Wooster is wholly defined by his clothing, but for Nick, his clothes are most definitely a reflection of his personal journey much more than they are for the average person, as they capture such specific times and interests in his life. It's not that a jacket or a hat captures an era, but a very, very narrow window—a fleeting moment, if you will. Take a look at the highlights above and read the full story here.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
With album 10th anniversary tours proving to be a viable source of income for bands and nostalgia for fans, we dusted off our back issues of AP to see what could happen this year. Call it a wish list more than anything else, but a magazine can dream (and bother them on Twitter), right?
Underoath – They're Only Chasing Safety
For many 20-somethings reading this, the image of a woman wearing an oxygen mask will forever remind us of Underoath's They're Only Chasing Safety. The iconic cover art was fitting for an album that would define mid-'00s screamo. Incoming frontman Spencer Chamberlain's debut with Underoath led to their commercial breakthrough. Not only would he remain a member until their breakup in 2013, but he'd fill the shoes of clean vocalist Aaron Gillespie after his departure in 2010.
Taking Back Sunday – Where You Want To Be
On their most recent headlining tour, the songs from Taking Back Sunday's first two records evoked an overwhelming crowd response. With a successful TAYF10 run and resulting live album already in the books, it should be a no-brainer for them to follow suit with a salute to their sophomore album this year. There's just one little problem: Fred Mascherino has been long removed from active duty as Adam Lazzara's sidekick. We'll need the “one time only” gods to work in our favor for this one to ever happen.
The Killers – Hot Fuss
Brandon Flowers' synth lights up “Smile Like You Mean It” brighter than the strip; regret sounds delightful in “Believe Me Natalie;” they sleaze out the '80s in “On Top” and wear the Smiths on their sleeves in “Change Your Mind.” If radio ruined “Somebody Told Me” for you, hopefully you still have love for “Mr. Brightside” and “All These Things That I've Done.”
Eighteen Visions – Obsession
Eighteen Visions dove headfirst into the mainstream with Obsession, writing dark modern-rock songs in the hardcore spirit of early AFI. There are choruses and melodies previously unexplored by the band, while chunky rock 'n' roll breakdowns and the occasional horror chord kept their diehards in line. Their visual influence alone deserves royalties, with legions of new bands gothed-out in makeup and scene hair. Some even went as far as naming themselves in tribute. (“Motionless And White” was an 18V song first!.)
Misery Signals – Of Malice And The Magnum Heart
UPDATE: IT'S HAPPENING
It's hard to believe this album is 10 years old considering metalcore still struggles to be this aggressive, melodic and interesting. That said, it isn't hard to believe that Misery Signals' debut album was the gateway drug for many who entered the genre's gates. >>>
Some pretty massive news was teased online after this morning's report that AMC has put “The Preacher” to pilot.
After the big scoop blasted Saturday morning, actor-writer-director Seth Rogen took to Twitter with some extremely interesting tweets.
“Looks like about seven of years of hard work are about to pay off. I may get to bring one of my favourite stories ever to life,” he said before adding, “Arseface. John Wayne, The Saint of Killers.”
All of the aforementioned characters are part of Vertigo's “Preacher”, created by writer Garth Ennis and artist Steve Dillon.
While I have my issues with AMC's “The Walking Dead”, knowing Rogen could be involved with the adaptation excites me beyond belief because there's a certain comical element to “Preacher”, depending on how you look at it.
Things are heating up, and we should expect a monster announcement next week.
What would you like to see in the series? What do you look most forward to?
Looks like about seven of years of hard work are about to pay off. I may get to bring one of my favourite stories ever to life. — Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) November 16, 2013
Wanda Group, the largest commercial real estate company in China, no longer employs North Korean waitresses at its hotel in Dandong on the DPRK-PRC border, a visit by NK News to the area has revealed.
The Wanda Realm Dandong, part of the company's group of luxury hotels, previously hired a team of at least eight North Korean waitresses to serve tables and perform on stage every evening at the hotel's buffet restaurant.
The Wanda hotel in the border city also employed a North Korean waitress to manage a bakery in the lobby.
“They no longer work here,” a hotel receptionist told NK News.
It remains unclear why the waitresses have gone back to North Korea, or whether it was Wanda Group or the North Korean state that made the final decision to terminate their employment. Wanda Group's public relations department was not available for comment.
The Gaoli Xiang, a large barbecue restaurant that employed North Korean staff on the Yalu riverfront, closed more than a year ago.
The Sinuiju Hotel, one of the few North Korean restaurants overseas to hire young women from outside of Pyongyang, was shuttered in late 2015. The hotel, which faces Dandong train station, hung a sign on its front door in Chinese that read “building under renovation, business suspended” when it first closed.
Location of the Wanda Realm Dandong, a ten-minute drive to the Sino-Korean friendship bridge
It now appears to be closed for good. A new Chinese hotel has since occupied the building and North Korean waitresses that previously worked there have returned to Sinuiju, a trip across the border revealed.
Some have taken up new jobs with the Myohyangsan Travel Company at the Sinuiju tourism zone next to the Friendship Bridge that connects the North Korean side to Dandong, NK News heard.
About 100 restaurants in China are estimated to employ North Korean waitresses, according to Chinese state media, but many have seen business decline due to strict sanctions imposed on North Korea in the wake of two nuclear tests conducted last year.
After a fourth test in January 2016, the South Korean government urged its citizens, and tour agencies, not to visit North Korean restaurants overseas amid concerns these businesses were channeling funds to the regime's nuclear weapons program.
“Not just the South Koreans don't patronize them anymore, but Chinese people as well,” Jin Qiangyi, director of the Asia Research Center at Yanbian University, told the state-run Global Times in April last year when asked about North Korean restaurants in Yanbian, a Korean autonomous region in Jilin province close to the DPRK border.
Following a fifth nuclear test in September and a series of long-range missile tests last year, the U.S. urged the UN Security Council to draft a resolution that would include curbs on North Korean workers abroad, but the idea was opposed by China and Russia when stricter sanctions were imposed on June 2.
Despite the tougher economic climate facing North Korean restaurants overseas, a new hotel in Dandong has taken on a team of North Korean waitresses.
Opened at the end of last year, the Dandong New Sunshine Island Hot Spring Hotel, also called the Nine Hotel in English, features a barbecue restaurant staffed by young North Korean women wearing joseonot, Korean traditional dress, who confirmed their nationality to NK News.
This article's author chose to remain anonymous
Edited by Oliver Hotham
Featured image: Jacky Lee
It is hard to believe that there are companies capable of creating (relatively) robust structures far out at sea, (usually) capable of withstanding extreme weather and lasting for decades or longer. But their use in harvesting ‘black gold' from the ocean floor is limited, as alternatives are (hopefully) developed and spill risks increasingly recognized. Here is one vision for how one turn such relics into semi-submerged habitats and give them a new architectural lease on life.
A competition entry by Ku Yee Kee and Hor Sue-Wern of Malaysia for Evolo, this idea is speculative, creative and additive – it is more about exploring various possibilities than creating a resolved design. Still, the latter seems to result from the former, with many metaphorical as well as physical levels spanning from lofted surface layers to submarine science and observation stations.
Much like a skyscraper or other self-contained mega-structure, the program works from the inside out; core service, conveyance and community functions exist in the structural core, while residents of each modular village are arrayed in dwellings plugged in around the outer rim, affording ideal vistas of the surrounding seascapes.
As intriguing as the final renderings are, the process models, sketches and diagrams are at least equally fascinating – they show a series of related and independent thought processes, three-dimensional experiments and sources of inspiration leading up to finished drawings and perspective money shots.
The standard solar and wind power generators are present, but tidal energy is also available given the relatively unique placement of these would-be water towns. Each atoll would, in theory, be at least largely self-sufficient, assuming some space were provided in the final design for growing fruits, vegetables and perhaps selectively raising a little supplemental livestock.
EMBED >More News Videos Sunday's storm caused a tree to fall over a vehicle, trapping the driver inside, in the Bucktown neighborhood.
EMBED >More News Videos The water flooding the Edens expressway last night has receded, but, at one point, the water rose up to three feet high.
MY FEELINGS ARE HURT! New Edition canceled b/c of the rain inside UIC Pavilion. WHAT?! pic.twitter.com/u98VdbTCT2 — kathychaney (@kathychaney) July 24, 2016
EMBED >More News Videos Being cautious during the summer months can help prevent heat related illness.
Investigators were on site Monday to determine what caused the collapse of a canopy at the CTA Blue Line stop at the Illinois Medical District. Normal Blue Line service was restored in time for the Monday morning commute.An aluminum canopy covering a pedestrian walkway was knocked onto the CTA Blue Line tracks at the Illinois Medical District station at about 7:00 p.m. A CTA spokesperson said it was immediately unclear if lightning or wind, or a combination, were to blame. The concrete ramp was still intact. No injuries were reported.Landscaping crews along the Eisenhower have been finding debris along the expressway, such as sheet metal and plexiglass that matches the pattern of the canopy that fell away.The Paulina entrance for the Blue Line is closed and nearby large tree branches are down.When severe storms came through the area last night, flashes appeared along this stretch of the Blue Line east of Ogden and part of the pedestrian canopy blew over."It's very scary. I want to know where it came from and how it happened because I ride the Blue Line every day," said Sheila Hill, a Blue Line passenger."I've never seen anything like it. It was amazing to me. It was just a boom and sparks and debris flying all over the tracks. I don't know how that's going to be fixed anytime soon," said another passenger, Victor Stroud.Crews worked through the night to restore service after the storm for the Monday morning commute.Two sisters driving along the Eisenhower took cell phone video of the dramatic flashes near the Illinois Medical District stop.Blue Line service was restored for the Monday morning commute, but some passengers did have a detour around Paulina."The only difference I noticed is that the exit I usually take was just blocked off and boarded up. So I kind of had to go around and take the Ogden exit," said passenger Adriel Cansino.The CTA says the incident is still under investigation.CTA Red and Brown lines were also temporarily stopped due to tree debris falling on the track at Armitage due to the Sunday storms. Brown Line service was impacted between Loop and Southport. Red Line service was impacted between Belmont and Grand.Meanwhile, the storms left people stranded at O'Hare, where 291 flights were cancelled Sunday. More than 80 were cancelled as of Monday morning.The Chicago River was near flooding level Sunday night in the Albany Park neighborhood where residents within a block of the river were told to remove their vehicles to avoid flood damage. Ald. Margaret Laurino (39th Ward) said city workers were working on mitigating the issue, according to her Facebook page.In Bucktown, the storm brought down utility poles and trees, including one over a vehicle on Seeley Avenue. The driver needed help getting out of the car."When (the tree) snapped it started pinning one guy in his car, so he couldn't even get out of his car," said witness Ronald Ayala.Most of Sunday was quiet and dry. By the end of the night, most counties in northeast Illinois and Lake County in Indiana saw severe thunderstorm warnings. Starting at about 5 p.m., Cook and Lake counties, including the communities of Rolling Meadows, Elk Grove, Niles and Evanston, saw storms and large hail. A second storm system dumped heavy rain throughout Chicago between 6 p.m. and 7 p.m.The heat continued Sunday, which was the fourth day in a row with temperatures in the 90s. A heat advisory was in effect for most of the Chicago area most of the day with Heat Index values reaching upwards of 112 degrees Sunday afternoon.Some of the 326 boats which participated in the 108th Chicago Yacht Club Race to Mackinac encountered storms late Saturday and early Sunday.The 333-mile race from Chicago to Mackinac Island in northern Michigan kicked off on Saturday. Arete reached the island first, according to the race's Facebook page The event is the longest freshwater sailing race in the world.A hot and humid Saturday was punctuated with evening thunderstorms that swept through the Chicago area, causing high winds, heavy rains, flooding and the delay of a Coldplay concert at Soldier Field.The storms caused power outages, too. As of Sunday afternoon, 99 percent of the nearly 60,000 ComEd customers who lost power had service restored.The Edens Expressway flooded Saturday night but has since receded. At one point, the water rose up to three feet high.The water was so high at the Winnetka underpass on the Edens, a spot that tends to flood often, several people got stuck. Five cars with people inside became stuck on the Edens in the deep water and had to be rescued.When help arrived, emergency crews brought a raft out to rescue the stranded motorists.No one was hurt but we're told several homes in the area also flooded.The north suburbs, particularly around Winnetka and Northfield, saw the most rain with upwards of four inches.Many communities saw major flooding, but the heavy rain also canceled the New Edition concert at the UIC-Pavilion due to flooding inside the venue.
By Gregory Stangrit
Trainer Rudy Hernandez, who works with WBA featherweight champion Nicholas Walters (25-0, 21KOs), is not in favor of seeing the feared puncher face Vasyl Lomachenko (2-1, 1KOs), the WBO's champion, in the immediate future.
Last month Walters made a big statement with a sixth round knockout of Nonito Donaire, who was once regarded as one of the best pound for pound boxers in the sport.
Lomachenko, a two-time Olympic gold medal winner and viewed as one of the best amateur fighters in history, capture a world title in only his third pro fight with a twelve round decision of Gary Russell Jr. in June. Lomachenko return on November 22nd in Macau, when he faces Chonlatarn Piriyapinyo (52-1, 33KOs) on the Pacquiao-Algieri undercard.
Hernandez would like to see both fighters get handsomely paid for such a contest and in order to do that the two boxers would have to rack up a few more significant wins.
"I don't really like that fight [being next]. I think it's a very difficult fight. But Nicholas Walters doesn't care - he will fight anybody and that's what fighters do. If you ask Lomachenko, he would tell you that he doesn't care who he fights, because fighters...that's what they do. But I seem them going in different directions right now, and then maybe do it down the road when it's more profitable for everybody," Hernandez said.
Lomachenko already suffered his first pro loss in March of this year, when he lost a twelve round split decision to Orlando Salido. That was Lomachenko's first title attempt.
Hernandez feels the loss could have easily been avoided - if Lomachenko's corner had made the proper adjustments during the fight.
"I think he's a great fighter. I don't think he should have lost to Salido. I think he should have been a world champion [that night]. But unfortunately, when you have a fighter who is so talented and does so many good things...no changes were made in the fight. Why? You have such a great fighter. No changes were made. I hope he learned from those mistakes, and so did his corner, because it's a team. It's team work," Hernandez said.
Gregory Stangrit covers boxing for Allboxing.ru
• Chancellor: 'We are not living in the Cold War anymore'' • German leader refuses to predict score of World Cup final
Amid a continuing scandal over the arrests of two German government workers for allegedly spying for the US, the country's chancellor, Angela Merkel, said on Saturday she was doubtful the US would ever stop spying on Germany.
On Friday, a senior German official told the Guardian the country expected “something in public” from the US about spying activities regarding its ally, as the German people were “so outraged” on the issue.
Earlier in the day, White House spokesman Josh Earnest seemed to play down the discussions of such issues in public when he said: “Countries with sophisticated intelligence agencies like the United States and Germany understand what intelligence activities and relationships entail.
“When concerns arise, there are benefits to resolving those differences in private secure channels.”
On Saturday, in an interview with public broadcaster ZDF, Merkel said: "I think it's not that easy to convince the Americans … to completely change the way their intelligence services work."
The first German to be arrested worked for the Bundesnachrichtendienst (BND) intelligence agency, and is suspected of being a double agent for the CIA. On Wednesday morning, an official from the defence ministry was arrested. The top representative of US secret services in Germany, the CIA station chief, was subsequently asked to leave the country.
Of her feelings regarding the arrests, Merkel said: "It is not about how angry I was. For me it is a sign that we have fundamentally different conceptions of the work of the intelligence services.
"I can't say in advance if [the measures we took] will have an effect, of course I hope something will change. But the important thing is to show how we view things … and it is not a co-operative partnership when such things take place."
Tensions between the US and Germany, a close ally, over spying allegations first surfaced last October, with the revelation among leaks provided to the Guardian and other media outlets by the former National Security Agency analyst Edward Snowden that the US had monitored Merkel's mobile phone.
On Saturday, Merkel said spying on allies eroded trust. "We are not living in the Cold War anymore and are exposed to different threats,” she said. “We should concentrate on what is essential.”
Asked if she expected the US to change its approach to spying on Germany, Merkel said: "I can't predict that, but I certainly hope it will change."
Merkel was also asked if Germany could win Sunday's World Cup final in Rio de Janeiro, in which Joachim Löw's team, who beat their Brazilian hosts 7-1 in an extraordinary semi-final, will face Argentina.
Merkel said: "It certainly won't be easy tomorrow; after the 7-1, everybody thinks 'It's almost done'. That's why we all need to cross our fingers again."
Merkel, who will attend the game, declined to predict a score.
The Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Music Director Louis Langrée will round out the Thanksgiving weekend (“Take Back Friday”) at Music Hall with its Friday, November 28 and Saturday, November 29 concerts, an incredible all-Tchaikovsky program featuring the CSO debut of pianist Alexander Gavrylyuk.
Described as the “discovery of the year” in 2009, Alexander Gavrylyuk is a virtuosic young performer, “an orchestra unto himself” who is increasingly in demand by orchestras and conductors across the globe. He will perform Tchaikovsky's Piano Concerto No. 1, a work initially criticized by Tchaikovsky's contemporaries. It has since become one of the best-loved piano concertos of all time, and a masterwork of Russian romantic literature.
The CSO will also perform Tchaikovsky's Symphony No. 5, a magnificent work in which the composer maximized his talent for melody. Composed a full decade after his previous symphony in which his reputation was solidified, Tchaikovsky much of his own skill at matching his previous works. Its slow, dark introduction may reflect his doubt, which soon gives way to the triumphant movements of melody for which the famous composer was best known.
All ticketholders are invited to attend Classical Conversations, beginning one hour prior to these performances in the Music Hall auditorium. Get inside the hearts and minds of the composers and guest artists with these informative discussions. CSO Principal French horn Liz Freimuth joins CSO Assistant Conductor William White this week.
Tickets for this concert start at just $12 and are available by calling the CSO Box Office at (513) 381-3300 or visiting www.cincinnatisymphony.org.
Hey, Cyclone fan. I know it's been awhile. Sorry about that. Let me make it up to you with a gift. It's the best kind of gift because it's one you didn't know you needed.
"What will you do, Jebus?"
I'm going to make your momma love me like she loves Mark Harmon.
We'll meet cute at Walmart. I'll ask her what time she gets off and treat her to a cup of coffee. I'll pretend I don't notice the Velcro on her Reeboks and she'll pretend she doesn't know great my ass looks. It'll start out slow. I don't want her to think I think she's easily had. She's not a trick. She's a lady. I'll casually drop in to see her near the end of her next shift, not the beginning. You see, I want her greeting every new customer with "Hello, welcome to Walmart..." as she strains like a plump little prairie dog to see if I'm coming through that door. After me, her previously fake bubbly greeting will now be drenched in sadness just like the greasy meatball sandwiches from the Subway she devours on her 15 minute breaks. The sandwiches have lost their luster, just like her greeting, because she got a little taste of me. Have no fear! I'll lift her spirits by buying her a new Beanie Baby for the back window of her Chevy Malibu. I'll attach a note saying, "Fish fries with your guy?"
It's game over right there, son. But I'm not done yet.
I will take her for a fish fry out of town, maybe in Huxley, and when they deliver her Mai Tai I'll angrily send it back even if there's nothing wrong with it. I'll excuse myself from the table and make sure she sees me instructing the slovenly bartender how to make a proper cocktail for my lady. On the way home I'll select the "Special Lady" playlist I created for her and when Randy Travis starts caterwauling about loving her forever and ever I will clutch her leathery claw and gaze into her good eye. We will watch Dancing With The Stars in standard-definition on her 19-inch RCA television and during the second commercial break I'll break into an impromptu Paso Doble then I'll suggest we take a ballroom dancing class together. I will teach her how to Google. I will write my recipe for buttermilk biscuits in calligraphy on a 3 X 5 note card, wrap it in a cardinal ribbon, and place it behind "bacon" in her recipe box. I will take her to JC Penney's and acquire her a new denim shirt. I will watch Tom Hanks movies with her. I will take her to Michaels Arts & Crafts and buy her a ceramic pot filled with silk flowers. As I arrange them artfully on the mantle in front of your senior picture of you and your Grand Am I'll explain to her that real flowers die but silk is forever. I will go to the best printer in Story County and have him custom design a booklet of massage coupons for her. 1 card will just say "A Naughty One". I will make her vast vaginal crevice wet for the first time in 21 years, but it's not love's natural nectar. I will make your momma's vagina cry. Her dusty uterus will weep for my seed, redemption, and the chance to right her greatest wrong: You.
On the day I have her feeble mind, atrophied body, and empty soul in my hands I will make plans to take her on a romantic getaway to Branson to see the Statler Brothers. On the day of the trip I'll call from my luxury automobile tell her I love her and I'm on my way. Then I won't show up. See, I'm not going to fuck your mother, mother fucker. I'm going to make her want me more than she wants to be Gayle King and then I'm never going to call her again. Only then will she know what it's like to be you. When you see her broken posture and empty countenance it will be like looking into a really old mirror. That's my gift to you.
You love your program so much but they don't love you back. I'd call it unrequited but you don't know what that means. Your program is a regional laughingstock. The only thing saving it from national humiliation is indifference. No one even knows who you are. Your own AD hates you so much he went to the trouble to remove your season opener from television so you'd have to show up at the asphalt shitbucket of a stadium. OR you could pay to watch it on the internet. We all know how that worked out. Your conference even hates you. Schools are leaving and they don't even have anywhere to go. The Big 12 is disbanding right before your goopy eyes and you're powerless to stop it. In a year or two you'll go from worst team in the Big 12 North to the 5th best team in the Mountain West. How do you not see this? Your school hates you. Let me break it down for you in terms even you can understand. No matter how much you love your Cyclones they don't care. It's a black hole of disappointment and pain and you deserve it. The only thing that hates you more than them is me.
I'm done now.
The Hermitage cats are one of the symbols of St. Peterburg. They are also the guardians of the art and history of the Hermitage Museum.
Past
The story of the Hermitage cats began during the mid 18th century. In 1745 Empress Elizabeth of Russia issued a decree to populate the Winter Palace with a special breed of Kazan Cats. The Kazan breed, who no longer exists were known for their efficiency. The Palace had a big problem with rodents. But there is a legend that the first cat brought to the palace was by Peter The Great Himself – the father of Empress Elizabeth.
“to find in Kazan…the best and biggest cats capable of catching mice, and send them to… the Court of her Imperial Majesty, along with someone to look after and feed them, and send them by cart and with sufficient food immediately” – part of the Decree.
The Winter Palace, which is now known as The Hermitage Museum, lacked mousers only on two occasions – during the WWII and 1960. During the WWII during the siege of Leningrad, there was no food around. The second occasion was when the employees of the museum removed them because they were too many. Far too many people got rid of their unwanted cats by disposing them on the territory of the museum.
Later on, they had to be reintroduced again, because the mouse problem came back. Since then the official numbers are 50. In order to keep it that way – some of the cats can be retired and adopted. According to an owner of one of the retired cats, it is an honour to adopt one of the Hermitage cats.
Present
During the 1990 a programme for the care of the cats was launched because they used to live in very bad conditions. In 2007 the museum began adopting cats in need of a roof over their heads. The cats now have Catfest and their website for people who want to adopt one of the famous cats.
The cats have their own staff, who takes care of them, vets and there is a cat bed for every cat thanks to their sponsors. One of their main sponsors is Royal Canine, but there are other numerous good people and organisations who support them.
Currently, there are around 70 cats, who are residents of the museum. The most famous right now is Achilles The Psychic Cat, who is the Animal oracle of the FIFA 2017 Confederates Cup. You can read more about him here.
Executive Summary
​The information in this report is preliminary and will be supplemented or corrected during the course of the investigation.
About 11:11 a.m. local time on Thursday, September 24, 2015, a 2009 MCI motorcoach, operated by CWA Inc. DBA Bellair Charters Hesselgrave South, was traveling southbound in the center lane on the Washington State Route 99 (SR99) Aurora Bridge (official name: George Washington Bridge). The motorcoach was occupied by a 68-year-old driver and 50 passengers. At the same time, a 1945 DUKWan amphibious military vehicle modified for tour operations, operated by Ride The Ducks Seattle LLC, and occupied by a 54-year-old driver and 36 passengerswas traveling northbound in the center lane on the SR99 Aurora Bridge. As the two vehicles approached each other, the DUKW driver reported hearing a loud “bang” as his vehicle experienced a mechanical failure at the left front axle assembly, causing him to lose control. The DUKW vehicle crossed the center line into the oncoming traffic in the southbound lanes. The front of the DUKW struck the left side of the motorcoach near the driver's compartment. The DUKW vehicle then penetrated into the left side passenger compartment of the motorcoach, damaging the interior floor and occupied seats. During the impact, the DUKW rolled toward its left side and a number of passengers were ejected before the vehicle came to rest back on its wheels.
A 2011 Dodge Ram pickup truck was also traveling southbound adjacent to the motorcoach. In an attempt to avoid the collision, the Dodge pickup truck moved left into the northbound lane and subsequently struck the right side of the DUKW. The Dodge pickup truck continued forward, striking a 2006 Toyota Highlander sport utility vehicle, which had been traveling in the northbound left lane behind the DUKW and had struck the left side of the DUKW. A 2007 Toyota Tundra pickup truck, also traveling in the northbound lane, struck the left front of the Dodge pickup truck.
As a result of this crash, five occupants of the motorcoach died. Sixty-two occupants of the motorcoach, the DUKW, and the crash-involved passenger vehicles reported injuries ranging from minor to serious.
An axle housing modification described in an October 2013 notice issued by Ride The Ducks International, which refurbishes and modifies DUKW amphibious vehicles into passenger-carrying tour vehicles for commercial use, is being reviewed as part of the investigation. The stated purpose of the notice was to alert owners and provide guidance on a modification to strengthen the DUKW axle housing to prevent fractures. The left front axle assembly that failed on the accident vehicle had an earlier modification to the axle housing that had been recommended by Ride The Ducks International but did not have an associated service bulletin.
NTSB investigators documented the damage to the crash scene, the DUKW vehicle, and the motorcoach using three-dimensional (3D) laser scanning technology. Figures 1 and 2 show the 3D scans of the left front side of the DUKW vehicle and the left side of the motorcoach, respectively.
Figure 1: Linked 3D laser scans depicting frontal damage on the accident DUKW vehicle.
Figure 2: Linked 3D laser scans depicting the damaged left side of the motorcoach.
Metallurgical examination of the axle components, review of the motorcoach company's onboard video systems, and review of the regulations for amphibious vehicles used for passenger transportation are ongoing. Additionally, investigators continue to interview passengers and pertinent witnesses, and gather factual information on the bridge characteristics, motor carrier operations, and toxicology testing.
​The information in this report is preliminary and will be supplemented or corrected during the course of the investigation.
Jason Fitzgerald is a 2:39 marathoner, USA Track & Field certified coach, and the founder of Strength Running where runners go to get faster and prevent injuries.
Have you heard of the 10 Percent Rule? Most runners have — and swear by the collective wisdom that you should increase your mileage by no more than 10 percent each week.
But it's flawed. The 10 Percent Rule is, in most cases, incomplete, and blindly following it could result in not building the fitness you need to reach your running goals. Worse, it could leave you injured. There are many situations when you should add far less than the recommended amount — and sometimes far more!
But before we talk about building mileage, let's remember why we log all those miles in the first place. Why is it so important, anyway? The main reason is because it indicates your workload, or how much volume you're running every week. There's no better indicator of success as a distance runner than your mileage. Higher volume training results in more endurance, allowing you to hold onto a faster pace for a longer period of time. And that's the stuff that personal bests are made of!
So if mileage is so important (particularly high mileage), how do we do it right? When it comes to running, there's no such thing as one size fits all plan. Here's how to modify the 10 Percent Rule to better fit your training.
When It's OK to Exceed the 10 Percent Rule
Before you break out the calculator, author and ultra-marathoner Matt Frazier recommends sticking with a simple guideline that's easy to remember. “When your weekly mileage is neither very easy nor very difficult for you to maintain, that's when it's most appropriate.”
But like any rule, the 10 Percent Rule can be broken. Frazier explains, “You can break the 10 Percent Rule if your weekly running volume is below your baseline mileage — an amount you've maintained for several weeks comfortably and without injury.”
Many runners are comfortable at about 15 to 25 miles per week. So if you're only logging 10 miles this week, it makes sense that you can build your mileage more aggressively until you get to this “baseline” level. Your next three weeks can increase from 10 miles to 13, then 16, and finally 18 until you're within your baseline weekly mileage range.
When to Add Less Than 10 Percent
“Very few runners will have the ability to increase their mileage at the 10 percent rate for more than a few weeks at a time.”
If you're a runner who's comfortable running about 20 miles per week, you should be more cautious when your weekly mileage is over 20 miles per week. Past this level, you're in uncharted mileage territory. This is where the 10 Percent Rule is too aggressive and a more conservative approach is best for injury prevention.
Any time your overall mileage is higher than usual level, it's best to play it safe by adding less than 10 percent per week. Otherwise, you may find yourself becoming overly fatigued, over-trained, or hurt.
As Frazier says, “Very few runners will have the ability to increase their mileage at the 10 percent rate for more than a few weeks at a time.”
Two More Mileage Strategies to Stay Healthy
When your mileage does increase above your baseline, there are two helpful strategies to keep yourself healthy and running strong.
The first is what's called an “Adaptation Week” — or even more simply, a week of training that is repeated a second time. Doing the same mileage and workouts allows your body more time to recover, adapt to the new volume, and get stronger.
One of the many flaws of the 10 Percent Rule is that it tells you to increase mileage every week. But the body doesn't necessarily adapt that quickly; it needs more time to adjust. Adaptation weeks can help you run more mileage, but without the risk of being chronically injured.
“Recovery weeks remind us that our bodies are not machines. We require rest and time to adapt…”
Periodically, it's also helpful to run a Recovery Week, a short stretch of time where your training is reduced. These “down weeks” typically have less mileage, fewer fast workouts, and the workouts themselves are easier than those you'd normally do. So if you normally run a five-mile tempo run, you can cut that workout to only three miles.
Recovery weeks remind us that our bodies are not machines. We require rest and time to adapt to faster workouts, higher weekly mileage levels, and more intense training.
When in doubt, it's helpful to remember that sound training is usually two steps forward and one step back. Without that necessary step back, we often fall prey to overuse injuries and ruin the consistency that's necessary to get faster. Using these principles and better understanding the many nuances of the 10 Percent Rule — rather than plowing right through — can help you build your mileage safely so you can keep moving forward.
We'd normally cover jams when they're done and there are a bunch of games you can play, but raising awareness early seems fair when raising awareness is the point. The Accessibility Jam wants to give “developers knowledge and experience of how to make mainstream video games accessible to gamers with disabilities, to provide good examples of what's possible, and move accessibility towards being widely accepted good practice in the game design process.” The jam begins in a little over 5 days and you should take part or pay attention.
We complain about and advocate for more robust options in videogames all the time, so we can take advantage of the power of our PCs. Complaining about and advocating for more robust options which would allow a broader number of people to play videogames seems far more important. The Accessibility Jam site does a good job of explaining the thinking behind the event, and dispelling some of the likely skepticism.
Isn't catering for people with disabilities too difficult and expensive for a jam? A great deal can be achieved through simple design choices, based on two key principles: Communicating information in multiple ways such as icons, colour, or text as well as speech.
Offering players some flexibility in how they play such as difficulty settings or remappable controls. Many game developers don't know where to start, but we aim to remedy that situation. For the week leading up to the start of the jam, please take the time to look through the resources, you might be surprised at how much can be done simply and easily.
The jam also offers some guidelines as to the theme of submitted games, suggesting that developers “think about barriers that gamers with impairments might face in your concept, which of those barriers are not actually required by your core mechanic and how to go about reducing or removing them using the two key principles: conveying information in more than one way, allowing flexibility in play style.”
The jam is designed to coincide with the broader Global Accessibility Awareness Day on May 15th, which aims to start a conversation about accessibility for all digital tools, be they websites, software or mobile devices. And unlike most jams which take place over a week or a weekend, the Accessibility Jam will run for three weeks until June 1st. We'll cover it again when there are games to play, but you should get involved if you can.
Gold Coast actor Johann Ofner has died after being shot in the chest while Australian hip hop group Bliss n Eso filmed a music video at a bar in Eagle Lane in the Brisbane CBD.
Mr Ofner, 28, was shot in what police called a "workplace incident" just before 2:00pm on Monday.
Detective Inspector Tom Armitt said he died inside the Brooklyn Standard bar, which had been hired as a location for the music video.
"During the filming of that scene, several firearms were used," Detective Inspector Armitt said.
"As a result of the use of those firearms one of the actors has received wounds to the chest and has subsequently died from his injuries.
"At this point in time, Queensland police are conducting a criminal investigation.
"We do not know specifically how those injuries occurred at this point in time and that'll be (the) subject of our investigation."
Group members Bliss, Eso and Izm released a statement on Facebook on Monday night, expressing their sadness over the accident.
"We were not on set at the time and our management team are currently working with the police and the production company filming the video to get more details," they said.
"The three of us are extremely upset and shaken up by this and our hearts and prayers go out to the victim's family and friends as well as the cast and crew who were involved in the clip [on Monday]."
Their management also released a statement, confirming Mr Ofner died during filming for the band.
"The video production crew and our team are currently working with the police in their investigation and we are unable to provide further comment at this time," it said.
The band had issued a call out seeking actors to play the parts of businessmen, taxi drivers and drug dealers in the music video.
Firearm details not confirmed: police
Inspector Armitt said police were receiving complete cooperation from both the film crew and production company.
"I can't tell you whether they're live or real firearms, I can't tell you the type of ammunition that were being used.
"The deceased person was an actor in the scene.
"No other actors were injured, no other persons who were present were injured."
Actors union the Media, Entertainment & Arts Alliance (MEAA) offered its "deepest condolences" to the family and friends of the victim and to all affected on set.
"This tragedy is a stark reminder that the screen industry is inherently dangerous and of the need for total vigilance about workplace safety at all times on set," MEAA spokeswoman Zoe Angus said.
The Hollywood blockbuster Pacific Rim: Uprising has been shooting on location in the same area and was filming just across the road on Sunday.
A publicist for Pacific Rim issued a brief statement confirming the accident had nothing to do with their set, which was not operating on Monday.
Brooklyn Standard issued a statement via social media on Monday afternoon.
"The incident occurred during a film shoot at the venue, for which Brooklyn Standard had been wholly rented out, outside of opening hours," the statement said.
"We would like everyone to know that none of our staff were involved in the incident and everyone is safe, and we are doing everything we can to help the police investigation at this time.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of the individual involved, and we appreciate your respect and understanding at this time."
Entry to the bar is via Eagle Lane.
Occupants of the high-rise building above the bar were advised to stay away from Eagle Lane, which had been blocked off by police.
Although researchers have been seeking the origins of preterm birth for many years, the causes are still relatively unknown. By studying the electrical activity that causes contractions, researchers at Washington University in St. Louis and their collaborators have developed a multiscale model they believe may aid in predicting preterm birth.
Arye Nehorai, the Eugene and Martha Lohman Professor of Electrical Engineering and chair of the Department of Electrical & Systems Engineering in the School of Engineering & Applied Science, and his team have developed the first 3-D multiscale mathematical model of the electrophysiology of a woman's contractions as they begin from a single cell to the myometrium, or uterine tissue, into the uterus. The results of their research were published recently in the journal PLoS.
“We know that the cell starts the electrical activity, but nothing is known about the positions or numbers or how they interact in different places in the uterus,” Nehorai said. “In addition, we don't yet know the directions of the fibers in the myometrium, which is important because the electricity propagates along the muscle fibers, and that direction varies among women.”
Using a special instrument at the University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences, the researchers applied sensors to the abdomen of 25 pregnant women. The instrument has 151 magnetometers that measure the strength of the magnetic field in the abdomen as a result of the electrical activity from a contraction. From those measurements, the team created a mathematical model that precisely replicated the electrical activity in the uterus during a contraction.
Next, the team plans to use data associated with preterm and term labor to determine what parameters can predict between the preterm and term, Nehorai said. In addition, they will take the measurements from the machine and estimate the electrical activity and the position, number and distribution of the electrical sources in the uterus.
“Our ultimate goal is to share this with obstetricians and gynecologists so they can take measurements and make a prediction of whether a woman will have preterm or term labor,” Nehorai said. “Creating a realistic, multiscale forward model of uterine contractions will allow us to better interpret the data of magnetomyography measurements and, therefore, shed light on the prediction of preterm labor.”
Zhang M, Tidwell V, La Rosa P, Wilson J, Eswaran H, Nehorai A. Modeling Magnetomyograms of Uterine Contractions during Pregnancy Using a Multiscale Forward Electromagnetic Approach. PLOS. March 28, 2016. http://dx.doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0152421
Funding for this research was provided by the National Institute of Biomedical Imaging and Bioengineering (R01EB016567).
The leader of the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI, has called for the establishment of World Government and a New World Order.
In a speech made at the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace on Monday December 3 2012, the Pope called for the “construction of a world community, with a corresponding authority,” to serve the “common good of the human family”.
As a means of defending global peace and justice, the pope's vision for the establishment of World Government and a New World Order is supposedly not to create a new superpower, but
The pope was quoted as saying:
The proposed body (World Government) would not be a superpower, concentrated in the hands of a few, which would dominate all peoples, exploiting the weakest.
THE pope also described his vision as a “moral force” or moral authority that has the “power to influence in accordance with reason, that is, a participatory authority, limited by law in its jurisdiction.”
These latest remarks made by the Pope and the Catholic Church come as no surprise considering that in 2010 the Catholic Church sought the establishment of a new Central World Bank that would be responsible for regulating the global financial industry and the international money supply.
It was reported that the Vatican sought “a supranational authority” which would have worldwide scope and “universal jurisdiction” to guide and control global economic policies and decisions.
China's new push for closer ties with Russia, the growing intrusions from the United Nations with regards to control of the internet and the latest remarks made by the catholic church all point to a new world order that will set in stone a path the world may not be able to recover from.
California Governor Jerry Brown signed a $1 billion water plan last week, mostly to improve water infrastructure. It's just the latest foray into manipulating nature and wringing water, produce, and megacities from the deserts of California.
A century ago, William Mulholland, the chief engineer of the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power, was trying to do the same thing and save his city.
"Mulholland was fielding tons of complaints from folks whose water was fishy, who couldn't get water pressure on the third floor of their apartments," says Mullholland biographer Les Standiford, author of "Water to the Angels: William Mulholland, His Monumental Aqueduct, and the Rise of Los Angeles."
Former Mayor Fred Eaton had long been trying to get investors interested in unblocking the Southern portion of the Owens River and bringing the Sierra snowmelt to Los Angeles. As early as 1894, the city faced severe water shortages. Engineers estimated that natural sources serving the Los Angeles basin could support a population of 200,000 or so, in typical years.
Mulholland couldn't believe that people just kept coming to Los Angeles, it was "his big bugaboo," Standiford says. And yet, he and Eaton set off to check out the Owens Valley, moonlight glinting off of their whiskey bottle.
"The very concept, to move an entire river about 250 miles away in the Sierra Nevada across the desert, through mountains, over these great chasms, to a city by the ocean... and do it entirely by gravity, engineer it with a pocket compass and an aneroid barometer, that was an amazing feat," Standiford says.
The aqueduct allowed for commerce, agriculture, and successive housing booms. The region's population ballooned to over 10 million in the century that followed.
What would he think of this latest battle over the slow trickle of water in California?
"Now whether he would turn toward desalinization or some other conservation project yet unknown, I don't know," Standiford says. "If you get enough people it doesn't matter how low the rate per capita of water consumption is, sooner or later you run out."
Read an excerpt from "Water to the Angels" below:
1 — HOW DREAMS MIGHT END
Shortly before midnight on March 12, 1928, carpenter Ace Hopewell piloted his motorcycle up the twisting San Francisquito Canyon Road north of Saugus, about fifty miles north of Los Angeles. Through the scrub on his left, he had a moment's view of the St. Francis Dam, a looming 700-foot-wide concrete monolith, then he was into a curve and all he had was the roadway in his headlamp. He came out of the curve into a straightaway where he ordinarily would have opened the throttle, but he felt a sudden shaking—perhaps something going wrong with his
engine—and instead he slowed. He was living in a construction camp next to Los Angeles Water Bureau Power Plant #1, just a few minutes' ride ahead, and there was no hurry. It was a typically cool but clear mountain night in Southern California—maybe it was a good time for a smoke.
Hopewell eased the bike off the roadway at a turnout and let his engine idle. The motor seemed steady and the shaking had stopped, but he thought he heard some crashing sounds in the distance. The spot, several miles up a wilderness road from where Magic Mountain now sprawls alongside I-5, would ordinarily be quiet enough, even on an evening in the twenty-first century. On that night in 1928, when virtually nothing existed in those reaches of the Santa Clarita Valley, his engine would have been all he heard.
Hopewell had scarcely gotten his cigarette going when a more menacing sound caught his attention. The rumble, low and rising up from the valley behind him, was a little like thunder, but
that was a rare occurrence for these parts, and the crystalline sky concurred. More like a cascade of boulders down a mountainside, Hopewell thought—landslides were common in the area. He took
another glance in the direction of the new St. Francis Dam that he'd passed a mile or so back, ground out his cigarette, and revved his engine. Eleven fifty-eight on a Monday night. Time to get on home, get some sleep, be ready for the next day's work.
He had no idea how drastically his “work” was about to change.
Engineers at Power Plant #1 realized that something was wrong when their instruments registered a sizable “bump in the line,” as one put it. At the Edison Electric Powerhouse in Lancaster,
operators were similarly concerned when their own lights began to flicker wildly.
Down at the St. Francis Reservoir, however, dam keeper Tony Harnischfeger's concerns had been building for several days. The dam had been completed two years before, in March 1926, and
water diverted for storage there from the controversial Los Angeles Aqueduct—as “impossible” a building project as the Oversea Railway to Key West before it—had been piling up behind the walls ever since.
Only five days before, on March 7, legendary Los Angeles Water and Power director William Mulholland had finally ordered the impoundment to cease. There were now 12.5 billion gallons of water held back by the 195-foot-high dam, a goodly portion of a year'ssupply for the City of Los Angeles, “sufficient,” as George Newhall, president of a San Fernando Valley farming company put it, “to cover sixty square miles of land with water one foot deep.” One could also think of it as a section of a river ten feet deep, one mile wide, and six miles long, Newhall said.
However one envisioned it, there was quite a mass of water being stanched by the St. Francis Dam, and that was just fine by William Mulholland. The long-time, pulled-up-by-his-own-bootstraps
director of the water department was often referred to as the father of the city, credited with making the modern metropolis possible when he built the politically divisive 233-mile-long Los Angeles Aqueduct between 1907 and 1913.
The acquisition of the rights to the water that now flowed to the City of Angels from a distant river on the eastern flank of the Sierra Nevada Mountains began an engineering project that ranked with the building of the Panama Canal in scope and challenge. And the fact that Mulholland, who'd never so much as finished high school, let alone set foot in an engineering class, had designed and ramrodded the project to completion, on schedule and under budget, was considered nothing short of amazing.
As if the unprecedented—and sometimes deadly—challenges of the work were not enough, the very process of acquiring the rights to the water and the rights-of-way for the passage of the aqueduct itself divided California's citizenry as nothing ever had before. The “Rape of the Owens Valley,” as the water's acquisition was sometimes called by the project's critics (that phrase was first used as a chapter heading in a 1933 history entitled Los Angeles by Morrow Mayo), not only strained relations between Northern and Southern California interests, but was enough to draw trust-busting
environmental champion President Theodore Roosevelt into the fray on the city's and “the Chief's” behalf. But all that was, in Mulholland's mind, ancient history. Recently, he had been concerned with building a series of reservoirs such as the St. Francis where more than enough water could be stored for his city should the aqueduct's delivery be threatened by extreme drought, or damage wrought by earthquake or by acts of sabotage that had been directed at the project on many occasions.
Yet Mulholland's satisfaction with the St. Francis Dam, the second largest in the system, was not mirrored by dam keeper Harnischfeger. From the very day that impoundment was halted, with waters lapping just three inches below the spillway, Harnischfeger had discovered worrisome cracks and leaks in the structure. Though he reported his concerns to Mulholland, the Chief was confident that such cracks and leaks were part of the normal settlement process for such a sizable concrete dam. Still, over the ensuing days, passersby reported that the roadbed on the adjacent San Francisquito Canyon Road seemed to be sagging in places. One motorist noted that there was water running in the normally dry creek bed below the dam, even though the dam's spillways were closed.
On March 12, only hours before carpenter Hopewell would stop for his cigarette, a troubled Harnischfeger rose early and began another round of inspections. He might have been content to live with his chief's insistence that every seep that he'd reported to date was part of a normal settling-in process for a new dam, but what he found himself staring at on this morning brought fresh concern. It was not just water oozing from a freshly discovered crack near the bottom of the dam, it was brown water, which suggested to Harnischfeger that the water had begun to erode the foundation of the dam itself. The dam keeper got on the phone and insisted that the Chief come out and see for himself.
At about 10:30 in the morning, Mulholland arrived from Los Angeles, along with his chief assistant, Harvey Van Norman. A worried Harnischfeger escorted them on an inspection tour, sure that the two would appreciate his concerns. But in the end, Mulholland shook his head. There was simply no cause for alarm. Everything they had seen was to be expected. Cracks were common in a concrete dam of this size. And the muddy color of the water running down to the creek bed was caused by runoff from a recently constructed access road, Mulholland said, pointing to a gash in the nearby canyonside. Harnischfeger should keep his eyes peeled and report if anything extraordinary turned up, but meantime he was to rest assured. In William Mulholland's opinion — and there was absolutely no authority in Southern California more highly respected in such matters — the St. Francis Dam was safe.
China's Sunway TaihuLight and Tianhe-2 topped the list of supercomputers, maintaining the lead the systems had six months ago, according to the Top500 supercomputer rankings.
The U.S. and China increased the number of supercomputers in the list and are now neck and neck with each having 171 systems, according to the 48th edition of the rankings, released Monday. China had 167 systems to 165 from the U.S. in June's edition of the biannual listing.
Germany trailed with 32 systems in the current list, followed by Japan with 27, France at 20, and the U.K. with 17. This is a sea change from a year ago when the U.S. clearly led the pack with 200 supercomputers, followed by China with 108, Japan at 37, Germany with 33, and both France and the UK having 18 of these big systems.
The supercomputers are also growing more powerful. The total sustained computing capacity of all the 500 computers on the list is now 672 petaflops, a 60 percent increase from a year ago. One petaflop is one thousand trillion floating-point operations per second.
The U.S. leads in aggregate performance, calculated using the Linpack benchmark, but only marginally at 33.9 percent of the total, with China right behind at 33.3 percent.
TaihuLight, capable of 93 petaflops on the Linpack benchmark, had particularly drawn attention because it was built entirely around processors that were designed and made in China. In June it unseated the top-ranking Tianhe-2 supercomputer, another Chinese computer that had a score of 33.9 petaflops and had led the list of supercomputers for about three years.
Installed at the National Supercomputing Center in Wuxi, TaihuLight used 40,960 SW26010 processors each with 260 cores, unlike the Tianhe-2 which uses 260,000 Intel Xeon E5-2692v2 12-core processors.
The move was seen as a bid by the country to reduce its dependence on foreign processor technology in critical areas after the U.S. banned the supply of Intel Xeon chips to four Chinese supercomputing research centers.
Intel continues to be the major chip supplier for supercomputers with its chips in 462 of the top 500 systems. The share of rival AMD is falling, with its chips figuring in just 7 systems on the current list, down from 13 systems six months earlier. IBM's Power processors have been designed into 22 systems.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise, following its acquisition of SGI, now has 140 systems on the list, followed by Lenovo with 92 systems. Cray had 56 systems but leads all vendors in the aggregate performance of its supercomputers.
The top 10 list has seen two new entrants, both built around Intel's Xeon Phi 7250, a 68-core processor codenamed Knights Landing, that delivers 3 peak teraflops of performance. The Cori supercomputer, a Cray XC40 installed at Berkeley Lab's National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, bagged the number 5 slot with a Linpack rating of 14 petaflops. Following it at number 6 is the new Oakforest-PACS supercomputer, a Fujitsu Primergy CX1640 M1 cluster, in operation at Japan's Joint Center for Advanced High Performance Computing, which recorded a Linpack score of 13.6 petaflops.
Hey, didja know The Acacia Strain have a new EP called Money for Nothing coming out this month? It's a rarities/b-sides collection with one previously unreleased song, “Money for Nothing,” and that song can now be streamed in full below:
I wonder if anyone under the age of 30 gets the album artwork reference. I'm gonna go with “no.” The track is in the style of older TAS material since that's when it was recorded, and I'm of the minority that actually prefers newer Acacia Strain to older… but have a gander and see what you think.
The Acacia Strain's Daniel “DL” Laskiewics had some not-so-nice things to say about Prosthetic Records, the band's old label (they're on Rise Records now) that's releasing this collection:
So I just found out a second ago that Prosthetic Records is putting out a “rarities” TAS record, without anyone knowing. It has b sides from Dead Walk and Continent sessions plus re brown noise from Dead Walk sessions. DONT BUY IT. DOWNLOAD THE FUCK OUT OF IT.
Reading between the lines here, my guess is that the band's deal with Prosthetic called for one label-optional the greatest hits / rarities release (this is quite common) and Laskiewics probably forgot about that or never bothered to read the fine print. On the other hand, I'm not sure why Prosthetic wouldn't have notified the band they planned to release this EP; maybe there was some existing bad blood?
Money for Nothing comes out on February 19th. Pre-order it here for a mere $6.66.
Johannesburg - Uber drivers went on strike after the world's biggest ride-booking service said tariffs in South Africa will be cut by as much as 20% to boost demand during the winter months.
About 200 Uber drivers stopped working and marched toward the company's Greenpoint office in the Cape Town, according to news agency Eyewitness News.
An Uber spokesperson confirmed the strike took place.
“Driver-partners know that they can speak to us at any time and there are a number of ways that partners can let us know if they have any individual concerns,” Uber said in an e-mailed response to questions about the strike.
The decision to cut prices follows a reduction in fares across 80 North American cities in January, also designed to increase demand in a seasonally slow month.
Drivers will profit from the move as well as passengers, as the price cut will increase the number of available rides, San Francisco-based Uber said in an e-mailed statement on Wednesday. That's what happened when fares were reduced in Warsaw, Istanbul, Perth and Lagos, the company said.
Uber, which has a presence in 65 countries and is valued at about $60bn, operates in Johannesburg, Pretoria, Cape Town and Durban and has doubled its passenger numbers in the country roughly every six months since starting the service in 2013.
The company also operates in Nigeria and Kenya and is set to expand to Ghana, Uganda and Tanzania, Alon Lits, the general manager of Uber Africa, said in an interview last week.
Keith Olbermann annihilated Roger Goodell on his program today, claiming the NFL commissioner conspired with the Baltimore Ravens and Atlantic County prosecutors to cover up Ray Rice's assault of his then-fiancée Janay Palmer. Olbermann said that Goodell "must resign."
If not, he continued, Goodell's pattern of enabling "men who beat women" (spoken as an OTS graphic declared Goodell "Ray Rice's Left Hand") requires NFL ownership to fire the commissioner. Here, from the closed captioning, is a transcript of Olbermann's opening remarks.
We begin tonight with the unavoidable and simple truth that, intentionally or by neglect, the Atlantic County district attorney's office, the Baltimore Ravens, the National Football League and Roger Goodell conducted a cover-up of Ray Rice's brutal assault on his then fiancee on February 15. There is no other conclusion possible.
Each body, each leading individual involved, came to a judicial conclusion about what had happened to Janay Palmer and what should happen to Ray Rice. And each, through deception or incompetence, misled the public, damaged the efforts of every man and every woman seeking to merely slow down the murderous epidemic of domestic violence, and made a mockery of the process by which those who batter those who they claim to love, are being brought to justice.
And not one of them, not commissioner Goodell, not NFL senior vice president Adolpho Birch, not NFL chief counsel Jeff Pasch, not Baltimore team president Richard Cass, not Baltimore general manager Ozzie Newsome, not assistant prosecutor Diane Rupert of Atlantic County, New Jersey, not prosecutor Jim McClane, not superior court judge Michael Donio, not Ray Rice himself, no matter what actions were taken today against Rice nor what might be taken in the future, none of them have any remaining credibility, and each must leave or be expelled from their current positions. And despite the obsession of the moment, it does not truly matter whether they had seen this video before today. The league, the team, the prosecutors either white washed Ray Rice's brutal assault without having seen this video, or they saw the video and white washed Rice's brutal assault anyway.
I accuse prosecutors McLane and Rupert and Judge Donio, even with the full weight of the law behind them, of failing to seek or failing obtain or failing act upon that in-elevator video, of failing to put Ray Rice in jail where he belongs.
The state of New Jersey must immediately begin an inquiry unto whether or not the failures of McClane and Rupert and Donio are mere incompetence, or if they rose to the level of criminal malfeasance.
I accuse president Cass and general manager Newsome of Baltimore of failing to act internally after The ludicrousness of the Rice two-game suspension should have become apparent, even to them.
They have had six weeks to add a team suspension to Rice's token league punishment, to try to make the scales of justice slightly less out of all balance. They did nothing, until they terminated Rice's contract today after all of them failed to get away it.
Mr. Casse and Mr. Newsome put the meaninglessness of their own team's financial and on-field success ahead of the safety and well-being not only of Janay Palmer, but of every woman in the country now threatened by a man who, because of how they covered for Ray Rice, is a little more confident of he can get away with it.
I accuse Roger Goodell of conducting a kangaroo court by interviewing Janay Palmer-Rice with Ray Rice present, in contradiction of all recommended practices when dealing with victims of domestic abuse, thus virtually guaranteeing that whatever testimony she gave them of the events of February 15th, they had the validity of a video made by a hostage with a gun to her head.
Putting Janay Palmer in a position to plead for her husband's career, perhaps being at the risk of beaten again if she failed, that Roger Goodell did.
Seek and act upon the videotape that should have sent Ray Rice to jail without bail, that he is dud not do.
Commissioner Goodell, as I first said on this program on Aug. 1, must resign.
If he does not do so, NFL owners must fire him, and fire senior vice president Birch, and chief counsel Pasch. Pasch, of all people, should've known better than to put the victim on trial and acquit without evidence,
Mr. Goodell's ineptitude has not merely rendered this football season meaningless and irrelevant by contrast, it has not only reduced supporting or watching football to a distasteful, even a disrespectful act, but most importantly it has comforted the violent and afflicted the victim.
His push to increase NFL punishment of domestic abusers to roughly that one-third that of repeat pot smokers, his decision today to suspend Rice indefinitely, after the Ravens had fired him, are elements of classic tragedy, wherein the right thing is finally done only after it's too late to matter.
Roger Goodell's existence, who he is, what he has turned The NFL commissioner's office into, is now symbolized by Ray Rice's brutal left hand striking Janay Palmer and striking her again. Mr. Goodell is an enabler of men who beat women.
His position within the National Football League is no longer tenable.
And I accuse Ray Rice of a brutal and potentially deadly assault, followed not by admission and contrition, but by a pious, self-serving, insincere, cynical devious, manipulative, unapologetic performance to protect his job and his money at the expense of the truth, at the expense the public, at the expense the next woman he brutalizes. He has already had his second chance. This new video shows he had already squandered it. Ray Rice must never be allowed back in a National Football League uniform.
And lastly, I accuse us, all of us, executives, players, fans, reporters, of failing to draw a line in the sand when one was needed most. Any games played by Baltimore without its executives and the Commissioner having been dismissed, and without Ray Rice Being permanently banned by the National football League, must be fully boycotted by all of us. If not, we become accessories After the fact.
It seems the days are a numbered for the Loaded Dervish. at least this is how we've been interpreting Adam Colton enigmatic write-up in Loaded's latest newsletter. (Above: the video that introduced the deck to the world; ‘the Whirling Dervish')
From Adam Colton via Loaded Boards:
“The Dervish was released back in 2007 and was a really great board for Loaded. It was one of the boards that really took off and allowed us to explore.
….
Why do we refer to it in the past tense? Just giving you a heads-up that some changes are on the way in the merry month of May. More info to come.”
What do you think?
Is it the end of the production line for the dervish just like the fattail replaced the pintail?
Read the Loaded Newsletter here.
In 1950 Stephen's father moved to the Institute for Medical Research in Mill Hill. The family moved to St Albans so that the journey to Mill Hill was easier. Stephen attended St Albans High School for Girls (which took boys up to the age of 10). When he was older he attended St Albans school but his father wanted him to take the scholarship examination to go to Westminster public school. However Stephen was ill at the time of the examinations and remained at St Albans school which he had attended from the age of 11. Stephen writes in [2]:-
I got an education there that was as good as, if not better than, that I would have had at Westminster. I have never found that my lack of social graces has been a hindrance.
In March 1959 Hawking took the scholarship examinations with the aim of studying natural sciences at Oxford. He was awarded an exhibition, despite feeling that he had performed badly, and at University College he specialised in physics in his natural sciences degree. He only just made a First Class degree in 1962 and in [1] he explains how the attitude of the time worked against him:-
The prevailing attitude at Oxford at that time was very anti-work. You were supposed to be brilliant without effort, or accept your limitations and get a fourth-class degree. To work hard to get a better class of degree was regarded as the mark of a grey man - the worst epithet in the Oxford vocabulary.
cosmology
In early 1963 he spent two weeks having tests in hospital and motor neurone disease (Lou Gehrig's disease) was diagnosed. His condition deteriorated quickly and the doctors predicted that he would not live long enough to complete his doctorate. However Hawking writes:-
... although there was a cloud hanging over my future, I found to my surprise that I was enjoying life in the present more than I had before. I began to make progress with my research...
... I therefore started working for the first time in my life. To my surprise I found I liked it.
Between 1965 and 1970 Hawking worked on singularities in the theory of general relativity devising new mathematical techniques to study this area of cosmology. Much of his work in this area was done in collaboration with Roger Penrose who, at that time, was at Birkbeck College, London. From 1970 Hawking began to apply his previous ideas to the study of black holes.
Continuing this work on black holes, Hawking discovered in 1970 a remarkable property. Using quantum theory and general relativity he was able to show that black holes can emit radiation. His success with proving this made him work from that time on combining the theory of general relativity with quantum theory. In 1971 Hawking investigated the creation of the Universe and predicted that, following the big bang, many objects as heavy as 109 tons but only the size of a proton would be created. These mini black holes have large gravitational attraction governed by general relativity, while the laws of quantum mechanics would apply to objects that small.
Another remarkable achievement of Hawking's using these techniques was his "no boundary proposal" made in 1983 with Jim Hartle of Santa Barbara. Hawking explains that this would mean:-
... that both time and space are finite in extent, but they don't have any boundary or edge. ... there would be no singularities, and the laws of science would hold everywhere, including at the beginning of the universe.
I was in Geneva, at CERN, the big particle accelerator, in the summer of 1985. ... I caught pneumonia and was rushed to hospital. The hospital in Geneva suggested to my wife that it was not worth keeping the life support machine on. But she was having none of that. I was flown back to Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge, where a surgeon called Roger Grey carried out a tracheotomy. That operation saved my life but took away my voice.
In 2002 Hawking published On the shoulders of giants. The great works of physics and astronomy. This book, which he edited, contains reprints of nearly complete editions of: Copernicus, On the revolution of the heavenly spheres (1543); Galileo, Dialogues concerning two new sciences (1638); Kepler, Harmony of the world (Book Five) (1618); Newton, Principia (1687); and seven papers on relativity by Einstein. Each work is prefaced with a commentary by Hawking. Also from 7 to 10 January 2002 a workshop and symposium was held in Cambridge to celebrate Hawking's 60th birthday. The Proceeding was published in 2003 and James T Liu writes in a review:-
While many prominent physicists, cosmologists and astronomers have made important contributions to the study of quantum gravity and cosmology, the impact of Stephen Hawking's contributions to the field truly stand out. Although his work on black hole thermodynamics is perhaps the most well known, Hawking has also made major contributions to the study of singularity theorems in general relativity, black hole uniqueness, quantum fields in curved spacetimes, Euclidean quantum gravity, the wave function of the universe and many other areas as well. In addition to his own work, Hawking has served as advisor and mentor to a remarkable set of students. Furthermore, it would be hard to imagine assembling any list of researchers working in quantum cosmology without including a large number of Hawking's students and close colleagues. Thus the group that gathered at the CMS in Cambridge in honour of his 60th birthday includes some of the leading theorists in the field.
Of course Hawking has received, and continues to receive, a large number of honours for his remarkable achievements. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1974, being one of its youngest fellows. In 1975 he was awarded the Eddington Medal, in 1976 received the Hughes Medal from the Royal Society , in 1979 he was awarded the Albert Einstein Medal, in 1982 be been made a Commander of the British Empire by the Queen, in 1985 he received the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society, and in 1986 he was elected a Member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences . He continued to receive major honours such as the prestigious Wolf Prize in Physics in 1988. In the following year he received the Prince of Asturias Awards in Concord and also was made a Companion of Honour. In 1999 he received the Julius Edgar Lilienfeld Prize of the American Physical Society:-
... for boldness and creativity in gravitational physics, best illustrated by the prediction that black holes should emit black body radiation and evaporate, and for the special gift of making abstract ideas accessible and exciting to experts, generalists, and the public alike.
Royal Society
Stephen Hawking has contributed as much as anyone since Einstein to our understanding of gravity. This medal is a fitting recognition of an astonishing research career spanning more than 40 years.
Stephen Hawking is a definitive hero to all of us involved in exploring the Cosmos. His contribution to science is unique and he serves as a continuous inspiration to every thinking person. It was an honour for the crew of the STS-121 mission to fly his medal into space. We think that this is particularly appropriate as Stephen has dedicated his life to thinking about the larger Universe.
This is a very distinguished medal. It was awarded to Darwin, Einstein and Crick. I am honoured to be in their company.
The Department of Justice filed a statement of interest Tuesday in the case of Kevin Shaw, a California student at Los Angeles Pierce College, who tried to hand out copies of the Constitution on campus and was told he was only allowed to do so in a small, designated, free speech zone after he obtained a permit. Shaw said the college's system of applying for permits allows administrators unchecked authority to grant or deny permits.
Shaw's lawsuit, filed last year, challenges the constitutionality of the school's policies which effectively restrict free expression on campus to a 616 square-foot “Free Speech Area.”
“In order to use the Free Speech Area—which comprises approximately .003% of the campus—students must obtain prior authorization from campus officials by submitting a permit application,” the DOJ notes. “The College also maintains unpublished rules governing free speech, which students are not made aware of until they obtain a permit application.”
The DOJ argues in their brief that the college's rules are an "unconstitutional prior restraint."
"First, they create an unconstitutional prior restraint on speech in the Free Speech Area," according to the brief. "Second, in all events, they are not valid time, place, and manner restrictions because they are not narrowly tailored and do not leave open ample alternative channels of communication."
“Mr. Shaw's allegations, if proven,” they add, “demonstrate that Pierce College's speech policies and practices, which the College applied to deny Mr. Shaw his right to engage in expressive activity in a public forum, imposed prior restraints that were not narrowly tailored to further a significant government interest and failed to provide other alternative channels of communications.”
The DOJ also argues that the problem is not limited to Pierce College.
“Free speech has come under attack on campuses across the country," the brief says. "Such failure is of grave concern because freedom of expression is ‘vital' on campuses."
Attorney General Jeff Sessions said in a statement that “university officials and faculty must defend free expression boldly and unequivocally.”
“Last month, I promised a recommitment to free speech on campus and to ensuring First Amendment rights,” he said. “The Justice Department continues to do its part in defending free speech, protecting students' free expression, and enforcing federal law.”
The DOJ filed another statement of interest last month in the case of a lawsuit against Georgia Gwinnett College. Chike Uzuegbunam, a student at the school, sued after he tried to talk to other students about his Christian faith and was restricted to two free speech zones. Even after he remained within the designated zone he was told to stop because the school believed his speech amounted to disorderly conduct.
The Justice Department argues that “the college's speech policies were not content-neutral, established an impermissible heckler's veto, and were not narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling government interest.”
Breeder John Hume to take advantage of court ruling lift ban on domestic trade to sell horns trimmed from the 1,500 rhinos on his ranch
Rhino horn auction to go ahead in South Africa after court lifts ban on sales
A rhino breeder in South Africa is planning an online auction of rhino horns to capitalise on a court ruling that opened the way to domestic trade despite an international ban imposed to curb poaching.
The sale of rhino horns by breeder John Hume, to be held in August, will be used to “further fund the breeding and protection of rhinos”, according to an auction website.
Hume has more than 1,500 rhinos on his ranch and spends over $170,000 a month on security for the animals, in addition to veterinary costs, salaries and other expenses, the auction website said.
“Each rhino's horn is safely and regularly trimmed by a veterinarian and capture team to prevent poachers from harming them,” it said, adding that Hume has a stockpile of more than six tonnes of rhino horns.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Black Rhino bull illegally killed for its horns at Hluhluwe–Imfolozi Park, South Africa. Photograph: Brent Stirton/National Geographic
TimesLIVE, a South African news website, said Hume plans to sell 500kg (half a tonne) of horns.
The auction has been permitted by a ruling from South Africa's constitutional court in April against a 2009 ban on the domestic trade. An international ban has been in place since 1977.
Rhino breeders believe poaching would be undercut by a regulated trade in rhino horns, though critics say such a trade will encourage poaching, which has occurred at record levels in the past decade.
Opponents of a legal trade also argue that any exported horns would be hard to monitor and illegally obtained horns would be laundered into the legal market, defying global agreements to protect threatened rhino populations.
Hume and other breeders counter that a trade ban has not worked and that alternative policies, including a legal market, should be pursued.
The South African government has drawn up draft regulations for a domestic trade and limited export of rhino horns since the constitutional court ruling. Those guidelines would allow a foreigner with permits to export “for personal purposes” a maximum of two rhino horns.
Poachers killed 1,054 rhinos in South Africa last year, a 10% drop from 2015, according to the government. By some estimates, South Africa has nearly 20,000 rhinos, representing 80% of Africa's population.
Some consumers of rhino horns believe they can cure illnesses if ingested in powder form, although there is no evidence that the horns, made of the same substance as human fingernails, have any medicinal value. Rhino horns are also seen by some buyers as a symbol of status and wealth.
by Michelle Macaluso
Animal rights activists are taking credit for setting fire to and destroying 14 cattle trucks at California's largest beef producing, feeding and marketing ranches.
The North American Animal Liberation press office posted an anonymous letter on its website from activists claiming full responsibility for the arson.
“We were extremely pleased to see that all 14 trucks ‘were a total loss,' with some being ‘completely melted to the ground,'” the statement reads.
Mike Casey, vice president of Risk Management and Human Resources for Harris Farms, is confident that authorities will find the culprits.
“Those going out there and claiming responsibility, if the claims are true, we condemn these actions and those responsible will be brought to justice for what they did,” Casey said.
The statement described in detail how they were able to carry out the arson.
“[C]ontainers of accelerant were placed beneath a row of 14 trucks with [four] digital timers used to light [four] of the containers and kerosene-soaked rope carrying the fire to the other [10].”
Casey arrived at the scene 45 minutes after the fire had started at about 4 a.m. on Sunday morning. By the time he arrived, the fire department had doused the flames and the equipment was destroyed.
“They either know what they were doing or we're extremely lucky. If it is an organized effort or random act of violence, it is troubling and senseless. It does not affect our business, and this is a noneffective way to make their voice heard,” Casey said.
But the activist group believes their actions are justified.
“We're not delusional enough to believe that this action will shut down the [H]arris feeding company, let alone have any effect on factory farming as a whole. [B]ut we maintain that this type of action still has worth,” the statement reads.
While the Animal Liberation Front is not claiming direct responsibility for the fire, the organization provides a platform on their website for animal rights activists.
Advertisements
At least 34 people were killed in bomb attacks in Christian areas of Baghdad on Wednesday, some by a car bomb that exploded near a church after a Christmas service, police and medics said.
At least 34 people were killed in bomb attacks in Christian areas of Baghdad on Wednesday, some by a car bomb that exploded near a church after a Christmas service, police and medics said.
The car bomb killed at least 24 people, most of them Christian, when worshippers were leaving the church in the Doura district of southern Baghdad, police sources said.
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attacks.
Violence in Iraq has risen to its worst levels in more than five years as hardline Sunni militants linked to al Qaeda step up attacks on the Shi'ite-led government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki and anyone seen as supporting it. Many thousands have been killed in attacks this year.
The minority Christian community has been a target of attacks by al Qaeda militants in the past, including a 2010 attack on a church that killed dozens of people.
Two bombs also went off in a crowded market in a separate, mostly Christian area in Doura, killing another ten people, police and medics said.
At least 52 people were wounded in the attacks.
A series of car bombs, shootings and suicide attacks killed scores of Shi'ite Muslim pilgrims in the week before the Shi'ite holy day of Arbaeen, which coincided with Christmas Eve this year.
Reuters
Neuros Technology did it again: one more of their interesting media products hits the market, and this time it uses Linux. We used the Neuros OSD this past week and here's what we think about it.At its heart, the Neuros OSD is a TV recorder. It has a small form factor, and it's by far the sexiest product Neuros released so far. It comes with a stand, an RCA cable, a remote control, an IR Blaster, and a power cable. Connecting it to various devices is an easy task. You can choose between S-Video in or RCA in, and RCA out. Unfortunately, there is no S-Video out. The company said that “our team noticed a very minimal gain in quality of the video output when using S-video instead of Composite during their tests“, although this is hard to believe when you play back full NTSC .avi files rather than recorded QVGA ones. More over, on the device you will find an ethernet port for LAN support, and a serial/VGA port for debugging and development.
The Neuros OSD has CF, SD, MS and USB ports on the front. This way, you can connect a USB key or drive, or a flash card to record. It can record in QVGA and VGA resolutions using different mpeg-4 formats (or more precisely, “parts”), depending on the targeted playback device (e.g. for the PSP, iPod, TV, phones etc). The interesting addition of the Neuros OSD is the IR Blaster which when placed against the IR receiver of cable boxes it can change the channel! So for example, if you schedule the OSD to record “Prison Break” on FOX at 8 PM on Monday, and then record “Heroes” on NBC at 9 PM, the IR Blaster will change the channel on the cable box and so both shows will be recorded. More over, there is a one-click recording option, so you will never miss a thing. We recorded a few shows from our cable box to test the device and also from our DVD player and it Neuros did the job as advertised.
An additional usage of the Neuros OSD is its playback abilities. It can play back everything from Quicktime to FLV, ASF, WMV, mpeg, mpeg4, but we had no luck wtih h.264. The best compatibility was for DivX files that it played back at higher resolutions without sweating much. Additionally, it can play back mp3, wma, ogg vorbis, flac, wav, AAC, and G.726. It is also able to decode bmp, jpeg and gif and function as a picture viewer. The part we really loved was its UPnP support. We used the TwonkyMedia UPnP server to test the Neuros, and stream videos over our local network.
Perhaps the most interesting new feature is YouTube video streaming and also generic audio streaming from the net. Originally, the feature didn't work great for us, but the guys over at Neuros fixed the network problem and we can now stream videos that are longer than a minute. Still, we do have a few problems, e.g. some videos start showing on TV after a full minute or so (with these videos already on their first minute)! The big plus of running on Linux of course is that you can easily release an SDK and allow for third party applications!
The UI is not too bad, but it could be better. Some bugs exist and in a few cases we had to remove the power cable to reset the device. Also, I am somehow not able to put the device in standby using the “PWR” button on the remote control. Thankfully, new firmware versions are regularly released. I think that a picture is worth 1000 words, but possibly a video can worth 100,000. So, here's our video showing off the user interface and various options available.
Some more Neuros OSD youtube videos can be found here, although most of them are running firmware versions that sport older UIs.
Overall, Neuros seems to get it. Extensibility, plus a powerful product. Hopefully HD abilities and failing that, S-Video out, will be available on the next major revision of the product. Sure, it doesn't feel as cool as an AppleTV, but it does so much more!
Rating: 8/10
USA Today
Tony Ressler and Grant Hill have reached an agreement to purchase the Atlanta Hawks from the franchise's ownership group led by Bruce Levenson.
The Hawks released a statement confirming the news, per Zach Harper of CBS Sports:
ESPN.com's Kevin Arnovitz and Ramona Shelburne reported on the financial details of the potential sale:
NBA.com's David Aldridge noted that the "Hawks' sale price to Tony Ressler group for $850M includes debt on Philips Arena."
Ressler is a businessman best known for his work with Apollo Global Management and Ares Management. Forbes.com lists his net worth at $1.43 billion, which the outlet notes places him within the top 500 billionaires in the United States.
The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported the rest of the owners group that will be joining Ressler:
Holding smaller ownership stakes will be former NBA player Grant Hill, co-founder of Marquis Jet Jesse Itzler and his wife Sara Blakely, the founder of Spanx and Richard Schnall, according to the team. The current Atlanta ownership group, led by Michael Gearon Jr., will also retain a percentage of the franchise, the AJC has confirmed.
Hill, 42, played 18 seasons in the NBA and made seven All-Star appearances. He won the Rookie of the Year award in 1994-95 and ranks 85th on the league's career scoring list.
The sale process has been ongoing since Levenson, the controlling owner, announced his intention to unload the franchise in September.
Chris Vivlamore of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution noted in early January that all three groups involved with the team struck a deal to sell a 100 percent stake. The league approved the plan, which also included two other groups that held nearly half of the organization. Vivlamore wrote, "Agreements are also in place for the Atlanta-based group of Michael Gearon Jr. and Sr., Rutherford Seydel and Beau Turner to sell its stake. The group owned a combined 32.3 percent of the franchise. In addition, the New York-based group, led by Steven Price, has agreed to sell its 17.6 percent stake."
The decision to sell came after Levenson came forward in 2014 about a racist email he sent in 2012 to the NBA, which was already dealing with the tense situation concerning Donald Sterling and the Los Angeles Clippers. Adi Joseph of USA Today provided a statement he made at the time:
I wrote an e-mail two years ago that was inappropriate and offensive. I trivialized our fans by making cliched assumptions about their interests (i.e., hip hop vs. country, white vs. black cheerleaders, etc.) and by stereotyping their perceptions of one another (i.e., that white fans might be afraid of our black fans). By focusing on race, I also sent the unintentional and hurtful message that our white fans are more valuable than our black fans.
Mike Ozanian of Forbes reported in late October that Goldman Sachs was hired to represent the group and noted the goal was to collect more than $1 billion for the asset. That would place it between the recent sales of the Milwaukee Bucks ($550 million) and the Clippers ($2 billion).
He also stated it would represent a strong return on investment:
The group that owns the Hawks paid $250 million for a 93% stake in the basketball team, the NHL's Atlanta Thrashers and operating rights to Philips Arena in 2004, have been trying to find investors or sell their teams outright for years. In 2011, the group sold the Thrashers (now the Winnipeg Jets) to True North Sports & Entertainment for $110 million (the new owners paid the league an additional $60 million relocation fee).
Zach Lowe of Grantland wrote earlier in the year that insiders believed $1 billion represented the absolute top-end projection for the Hawks:
Of course, the biggest question now is how the sale will impact the long-term status of the franchise. By selling the full stake in the team rather than just a percentage, the ownership duo of Ressler and Hill would wield complete power when it comes to future decision-making.
More information on that front should become available rather quickly. Beyond that, it would mark a new era for a franchise that's made itself a constant presence in the postseason recently, including earning the top seed in the Eastern Conference this season.
Winning the Hawks' first title since 1957-58, when they were the St. Louis Hawks, is now a task placed squarely on the plate of the prospective new ownership.
A prosecutor apologized in a heartfelt letter for his leading role in sending an innocent man to death row for nearly 30 years, before his exoneration last year.
In the letter published by the Shreveport Times on Friday, prosecutor Marty Stroud repented for his careless attitude in the 1984 trial of Glenn Ford, a black man convicted by an all-white jury for the murder of Shreveport jeweler Isadore Rozeman.
"In 1984, I was 33 years old. I was arrogant, judgmental, narcissistic and very full of myself," Stroud wrote. "I was not as interested in justice as I was in winning. To borrow a phrase from Al Pacino in the movie And Justice for All, 'Winning became everything.'"
Stroud suggested he knew there was evidence that could've exonerated Ford at the time of the trial, but didn't speak up about it:
At the time this case was tried there was evidence that would have cleared Glenn Ford. The easy and convenient argument is that the prosecutors did not know of such evidence, thus they were absolved of any responsibility for the wrongful conviction. I can take no comfort in such an argument. As a prosecutor and officer of the court, I had the duty to prosecute fairly. While I could properly strike hard blows, ethically I could not strike foul ones. Part of my duty was to disclose promptly any exculpatory evidence relating to trial and penalty issues of which I was made aware. My fault was that I was too passive. I did not consider the rumors about the involvement of parties other than Mr. Ford to be credible, especially since the three others who were indicted for the crime were ultimately released for lack of sufficient evidence to proceed to the trial.
Stroud's experience ultimately led him to believe that Louisiana should compensate Ford for his wrongful incarceration — and that the death penalty is altogether unjust.
"Ford deserves every penny owed to him under the compensation statute," Stroud wrote. "This case is another example of the arbitrariness of the death penalty. I now realize, all too painfully, that as a young 33-year-old prosecutor, I was not capable of making a decision that could have led to the killing of another human being."
Ford is currently suing to get compensation for his wrongful imprisonment. He was released on March 11, 2014, after the state admitted that new evidence proved he wasn't the killer.
At least six people, including Ford, were exonerated from death sentences in 2014, according to a January report from the National Registry of Exonerations. A study published in PNAS in April 2014 found that at least 4 percent of people sentenced to death in the US are likely innocent. But if these cases don't get a re-examination, states could very well end up executing innocent people.
Read Marty Stroud's full letter.
The new producing director (PD) of the hit SBS variety show “Running Man” met with reporters and talked about his vision for the show after he takes the helm.
Kim Joo Hyung became the main PD of “Running Man” on July 3, while the previous PD Im Hyung Taek left to lead the Chinese version of the show. For the past four months, a team of three PDs worked together as the leads for the show, but Kim Joo Hyung is now the solo main PD.
Fans of the show will recognize Kim Joo Hyung. He has had many appearances on the show and has a nickname as “Myuk PD” (or “collarbone PD”), for being the PD that the members would jokingly choke in frustration.
Kim Joo Hyung talks about the longevity of the show, saying, “There are limitations to a game variety show but there are also strengths in how long-running it has been.”
When asked what he thinks is the strength of the show, he mentions, “The members. Since the show has been on for a long time, the members have great chemistry.”
He continues, “It's a game variety show and the members have their own characters and that's where the strength of the show comes out. Their relationships have been built over a long time and instead of being exhausted, the relationships have been maturing even more. Given our format, we have to have guests but since the members are our strengths, we are able to show that off nonetheless.”
Another vital aspect of the show is the classic name tag game, in which members rip off each other's name tags in a fast paced game of tag. Kim Joo Hyung says, “Since we've played the game for such a long time, we're not going to play it exactly the same way. Of course we should continue to feature the game since it is something that we have developed through our show. Although we can't say if we will frequently feature the game or not, I can say that we are not purposely not playing the game.”
He concludes, “Just as how we've been doing well all this time, we're going to concentrate and work on finding a larger frame to fit our show into.”
Catch the latest episode of the popular show on Viki below!
Link to video: www.viki.com/videos/1096434v-running-man-episode-310
Source (1)
Auction photo suggests Roman granite column in Nottinghamshire country park based on portico of Roman Emperor Antoninus Pius in 150 AD
© Notts County Council
© Notts County Council
© Notts County Council
© Russ Hamer / Wikimedia Commons
Visit Rufford Abbey and Country Park.
A pink granite column previously thought to have been a work of public art could have been based on a huge portico leading to the 2nd century villa of an Emperor in Rome, according to archaeologists excavating for medieval remains in a popular Nottinghamshire country park.Measuring four foot tall and covered in algae, the column contains a discreet shipping mark made by Lord John Savile, the keen 19th century archaeologist and philanthropist who owned Rufford Abbey as his stately home but carried out excavations at Lanuvium, on land that he owned, and at Nemi, with permission from the landowner.Savile shipped items back to the UK between the 1880s and 1890s, donating them to museums including the Castle Museum in Nottingham. The lucky discovery of the column, aided by a chance comment from a visiting conservation specialist, has led archaeologists to believe that some of his Rome treasures remain at the Abbey estate.“From documents he wrote at the time, which are kept on file by Nottinghamshire County Council, Lord Savile was a passionate and evocative writer who is clearly very knowledgeable and fascinated by the archaeology,” says Emily Gillott, a Community Archaeologist who spent a “very successful” summer investigating the public grounds with the help of colleague Lorraine Horsley.“There is not a single mention of value anywhere in what he writes. Savile was clearly an accomplished archaeologist and also a great philanthropist.“He donated over 1,500 items from Nemi to the Castle Museum here, and similarly donated huge amounts of material from Lanuvium to another museum.“He wanted people to be aware of the intellectual and historical value of these things.“He was excavating at the same time as some of the established great names in archaeology: Heinrich Schliemann, Arthur Evans, Flinders Petrie and Augustus Pitt-Rivers.“He and his contemporaries went on to influence and inspire the next generation of archaeologists, who were much more scientific in their approaches, including Gordon Childe, Mortimer Wheeler, Leonard Woolley and Howard Carter.“He was living and excavating at a pivotal period in the development of archaeology as a discipline, where it was transitioning from an antiquarian interest to a scientific study.“We had viewed the place as a public sculpture park for a long time, but recently we have started to look at the place as the home of an enthusiastic archaeologist.“From this perspective, a number of pieces that we thought were pure ornament are looking very much like artefacts brought back from Rome.”Gillott believes Savile had found a damaged marble bust of the Goddess, Juno, at Lanuvium. She theorises that the bust at Rufford was a replica he had made for the gardens, auctioned in 1938 when the abbey was sold. Despite the departure of the bust, the pink granite column remained at the estate.“We have plenty of information here about the excavations at Nemi but very little at all about those at Lanuvium,” she concedes.“We have found reference to a portico constructed of massive pink granite columns which was in the environs of the villa of Antoninus Pius. These items all clearly formed part of Lord Savile's private collection.“They are all located within the Roman garden area of the grounds, where he had a massive fountain constructed in the style of one of the lamps he found at Nemi.“What a chap. We hope this latest discovery can certainly help us to further promote Savile as one of the archaeological greats.“Our new discoveries are changing the way we look at Rufford Abbey and the grounds.”Now a tourist attraction for around 450,000 visitors each year, the country park itself, on the road between Nottingham and Doncaster, has a colourful history with beginnings as part of a 12th century Cistercian abbey.After the Dissolution of the Monasteries in 1536, the land and buildings began a slow transformation into a country house estate, owned first by the Talbot and later the Savile families.One of its most famous owners was the Elizabethan aristocrat and property magnate George Talbot, the Earl of Shrewsbury, whose wife Bess of Hardwick later built Hardwick Hall in Derbyshire. Rufford was transferred to the Savile family of Yorkshire, eventually becoming their principal country seat.Rising costs and reduced incomes at the start of the 20th century saw the estate sold and neglected before the county council bought the abbey and 150 acres of its grounds in 1952, turning them into a country park in 1969 and restoring features such as the lake, meadows, gardens and orangery during the decades which followed.Public excavations are planned at the Scheduled Ancient Monumnet between June 29 and July 10 2015.
The Real Housewive of Beverly Hills is back for season 8, and PEOPLE's got the exclusive premiere of its explosive trailer.
Erika Girardi, Dorit Kemsley, Kyle Richards, Lisa Rinna and Lisa Vanderpump are all back for another round of action after the hit Bravo show's record-breaking seventh season — as is original Beverly Hills Housewife Camille Grammer, who starred in the show's first two seasons and returns this time in the Friend of the Housewives role.
Joining the fray is new Housewife Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave, daughter of music legend John Cougar Mellencamp. Married to husband Edwin Arroyave with two small children and one stepchild at home, Teddi works as a fitness accountability coach and blogger for her site LA Workout Junkie and appears to waste no time getting into the drama.
“Some of these women make it very hard to feel at ease,” she says in the trailer, adding, “I'm not going to back down when I know I'm right.”
Image zoom Kyle Richards, Teddi Mellencamp Arroyave, Lisa Vanderpump, Erika Girardi, Dorit Kemsley, and Lisa Rinna Tommy Garcia/Bravo
Of course, this being Beverly Hills, there are plenty of surprises. For one, Girardi and Kemsley seem to have moved on from last season's painful #pantygate, this time hanging out and laughing together.
Their friendship comes as each are immersing themselves in their own businesses, Girardi pouring herself into Erika Jayne's recording career after her Dancing with the Stars stint and her upcoming autobiography while Kemsley re-launches her swimwear line after having two young kids.
Image zoom Camille Grammer Tommy Garcia/Bravo
Richards is busy too, wrapping production on her series American Woman, expanding her retail business Kyle by Alene Too and debating whether to sell or renovate her house. Vanderpump is also focusing on business, taking on the new role as an editor-in-chief of Beverly Hills Lifestyle magazine while still helping run her pet-rescue business Vanderpump Dogs.
After being at the center of the drama for the past two seasons, Rinna appears to be taking a back seat this year as she travels the world with fashion model daughters Amelia Gray Hamlin and Delilah Belle Hamlin. She's also bonding with Grammer, who PEOPLE exclusively revealed in October is engaged to lawyer David C. Meyer.
RELATED VIDEO: Andy Cohen's Pick for the Most Absurd Real Housewives Business Ever
But this being Beverly Hills, there's still plenty of action in the 90210.
“You have to cut the head off the devil!” Girardi quips to the audience, giving them a sneak peek at the action coming ahead. “This whole thing boils down to three bitches that are competitive over friendship.”
It's hard to tell who she's talking about, but it could have something to do with Kemsley, Richards and Vanderpump — the former two who are left stunned when Vanderpump drives off in the end of the clip, telling them, “I'm going home to my husband who would rather spend time with me than you would.”
“You don't like that it wasn't about you for a minute,” Richards says to Vanderpump at one point in the trailer, later telling Kemsley, “I would never ever f— you over and I feel f—– over” after Kemsley says, “Don't f— with me like that, you don't want that.”
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills premieres Dec. 19 at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo.
In the 1970s and '80s, the NHL looked a lot different than it does today. Fighting was more commonplace. Goalies were shorter, wore smaller pads and rarely dropped down to stop low shots; perhaps relatedly, goals were easier to come by.
But one of the biggest differences had to do with who played. In the 1975-76 season, 98 percent of NHL playing time went to North Americans. And although some Europeans chipped away at that figure over the next decade-plus, the league's rate of outsiders barely budged as the '90s loomed.
This is part of our new podcast series “Ahead Of Their Time,” profiling players and managers in various sports who were underappreciated in their era.
As a result, the NHL game was still rooted in the rigid, physical tradition of North American hockey, with little sign of the free-flowing style found in Europe. (Some teams, such as Wayne Gretzky's Edmonton Oilers, played a wide-open style reminiscent of the European game, but they were the exception.) And forget about the possession-based style that grew in Soviet Russia under coach Anatoly Tarasov; aside from sporadic clashes with the Red Army at the Olympics and Canada Cups, North Americans seldom saw the game's evolution behind the Iron Curtain.
That changed as the fall of the Soviet Union approached. In 1989, the Soviet hockey federation gave mid-level winger Sergei Priakin permission to pursue an NHL career. Other players soon followed (with or without government consent). From Fedorov to Mogilny and Bure, electrifying talent was up for grabs.
“I don't know that this has ever happened [before] in any other sport, where the floodgates were opened to a new talent base,” hockey writer Gabriel Desjardins told me. “Teams jumped on it immediately.”
Chief among them was the Winnipeg Jets, led by a contrarian general manager who did not play professional hockey and held a doctorate in Russian studies: Mike Smith. Smith thought he could get Russian players under other teams' radar (appealing for an American who felt excluded from what he described in an interview as the “boys club” of Canadian GMs) and believed more in Soviet-style possession hockey than the North American dump-and-chase strategy.
“You would ask a player who played for a coach that said ‘dump it in,' [and] the player would say to his teammate, ‘We worked like hell to get the puck and then he wants to dump it in,'” Smith told me. “It just didn't make any [sense], particularly if you had skilled players. … Why would you take a Rolls-Royce and make it into a battering ram?”
In an effort to build a team like Tarasov's speedy, skilled Red Army squads, Smith drafted a ton of players from the former Soviet Union. In 1989, he used his final two draft picks on them. In 1990, he drafted three more; in 1991, four; and in 1992, he tapped them for nine of his 12 picks.
Unfortunately, it didn't really work.
Maybe Smith was intoxicated with mediocre Soviet talent, or maybe culture shock derailed the players' transitions to Canadian life. But the Jets went backward: After making the playoffs seven straight seasons before Smith became GM, from 1981-82 to 1987-88, Winnipeg did it only three times in Smith's six seasons there. Midway through the 1993-94 season, he was fired as GM; a few years later, the team left town for Phoenix. (Many Jets fans still blame Smith even though they got another team in 2011.)
But even though he failed with the Jets, Smith wasn't wrong to eschew dump-and-chase hockey for speed and puck control. Statistical analysis has shown that possession — as measured by funny-sounding stats like Corsi and Fenwick — is one of the best indicators of team quality because it filters out the effects of luck. Data also indicates that carrying the puck into the offensive zone generates twice as many chances as dumping it in. Smith intuited this, although his plan lacked execution.
Meanwhile, one team did realize Smith's vision of Russians skating circles around the NHL. In the early-to-mid-1990s, the Detroit Red Wings acquired five Soviet products: Sergei Fedorov, Viacheslav Fetisov, Vladimir Konstantinov, Vyacheslav Kozlov and Igor Larionov. Known collectively as the “Russian Five,” they brought with them the principles and skills they learned while playing for the Red Army — and under the watchful gaze of coach Scotty Bowman, the results were spectacular. Detroit set the NHL record for wins in a season (62) in 1995-96, during a block of years dominated by the team's Russian players in which the Red Wings won two Stanley Cups. And as Detroit rose, the team got greater and greater contributions from the Russian Five:
Flash forward to 2016, and the NHL's prevailing style of play looks like the finesse game of those Red Wings, the same one Mike Smith envisioned for his own roster of Russians in Winnipeg. Analytics hirings have spread the gospel of possession hockey, with teams adjusting their rosters accordingly. Goons are being phased out; role players now have speed and skill. Stars are measured as much on possession statistics as points. None of these developments came in time to salvage Smith's legacy with Winnipeg, but his hunch that the Soviet style would take the league by storm was right, eventually.
For more, check out our podcast series “Ahead Of Their Time.” We're publishing a new audio documentary each Thursday this month. Find it in the Hot Takedown feed in iTunes or your favorite podcast player.
During a weekend trip to Yosemite National Park, President Obama warned that climate change is not only a threat, but a reality.
"The biggest challenge we're going to face in protecting this place and places like it is climate change. Make no mistake, climate change is no longer just a threat, it's already reality," Mr. Obama said in brief remarks at the park's Sentinel Bridge in California.
"These parks belong to all of us. This planet belongs to all of us. It's the only one we've got" -@POTUS in Yosemite pic.twitter.com/12XgitxkEB — The White House (@WhiteHouse) June 18, 2016
The president said at Yosemite, meadows are drying out, bird ranges are drifting northward and "Yosemite's largest glacier, once a mile wide, is now almost gone." He also mentioned longer, dangerous, more expensive wildfire seasons that are raging across the West.
Climate change, he said, could at some point "even threaten icons like the Statue of Liberty at Ellis Island."
"We can't treat these things as something that we deal with later, that it's somebody else's problem," Mr. Obama said.
President Obama speaks about the National Park Service at Yosemite National Park in California June 18, 2016. Reuters/Joshua Roberts
The president visited the park with first lady Michelle Obama and daughters Malia and Sasha. They also visited Carlsbad Caverns National Park on Friday in New Mexico.
Earlier in the day on Saturday, the president and first lady stopped at a park facility where they surprised a group of fourth-grade students.
The first lady asked the kids, "How are you going to scare bears away?"
As all the kids started to scream, Mr. Obama responded, "Oh, I would get out of here!"
Data released by the Federal Bureau of Investigation Monday revealed that despite an increase in public support for legalizing marijuana, there was a pot-related arrest every 42 seconds in 2012.
Police arrested about the same number of people on pot-related charges in 2012 as in 2011 - including arrests for distribution.
Advocacy groups for marijuana legalization say police should be focused on arresting committers of violent crime instead of marijuana users.
Dan Riffle, Marijuana Policy Project federal policies director and former prosecuting attorney, said every minute arresting and prosecuting adults is time that could be spent solving “real crimes”.
“I believe it is irresponsible to squander our limited law enforcement resources on this disastrous public policy failure," Riffle said. "That is especially true when so many violent crimes remain unsolved.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Law Enforcement Against Prohibition executive director Neill Franklin said the arrests are a huge loss of human potential, noting that murderers or robbers can obtain a student loan from the government, but convicted marijuana users cannot.
Franklin, a cop of 34 years, agreed with Riffle in that prosecuting marijuana users is a waste of time, and that investigators should rethink their priorities.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Sources: US News, The Weed Blog
undefined
A series of incidents in Afghanistan set complicated political and personal events in motion for a returning Norwegian Special Forces officer.
1. Episode 1 44m During a military operation in Afghanistan, Erling unintentionally touches a woman. Back in Norway, Erling discovers the woman's husband beating her.
2. Episode 2 45m Past events in Afghanistan have implications for Erling's decision in Oslo. Johanne learns about Zamani from her boss. Erling makes an important call.
3. Episode 3 45m In Afghanistan, the platoon deals with grief. Ekeberg suspends Erling. Johanne offers some help. Jon Petter takes his A-game to Zamani's goat fight.
4. Episode 4 45m The foreign minister's secret meeting in Afghanistan is a prelude to a PR disaster in Norway. Jon Petter goes on TV. A reporter gets an explosive tip.
5. Episode 5 46m Erling is exposed in the press and struggles to find his bearings. In Afghanistan, Zamani is placed on a kill list. Johanne is pulled into the fray.
6. Episode 6 45m Johanne becomes increasingly distant from Erling. Erling and Jon Petter find a connection to Fruit for Life. Johanne realizes Hektor has been lying.
7. Episode 7 43m Johanne tells the foreign minister about Hektor's deal. Rolf's meeting in Afghanistan goes wrong. Adella helps Jon Petter have a change of heart.
A video clip purportedly showing actor and martial arts master Bruce Lee expertly playing ping-pong using nunchaku (also called “nunchucks” or “nunchuks”) rather than a paddle has amused and astounded viewers for years now:
However, as a full version of the video shows, this clip is not a recording of a real event; it's just a digital creation intended as a viral advertisement for the Nokia N96 Limited Edition Bruce Lee cell phone, produced in 2008 (thirty-five years after Lee's death) by the Beijing office of the JWT (J. Walter Thompson) advertising agency.
The video employed a Bruce Lee look-alike actor pretending to play ping-pong against an opponent, their movements sychronized to the sounds of a genuine table tennis match, with the final audio and the visual image of the ball being added to the clip in post-production.
Polly Chu, the JWT Chief Creative Officer responsible for the promotional spot, discussed its creation in an interview with Agency.Asia:
Agency.Asia: Your work for Nokia is simply brilliant. The idea of Bruce Lee playing ping-pong with nunchaku [“nunchukkas”] is so fantastically comprehensible, yet so incredibly obscure.
Every other creative in the world is kicking himself or herself that they didn't think of it first. That's the sign of a good idea. How in heaven's name did you sell an idea that features absolutely no footage of a telephone to a huge multinational client? That is a masterstroke.
Polly Chu: Effective viral relies on an idea that is ‘very' – very amazing, very funny, very disgusting, or very rude etc. Only when people find it interesting enough, they will spend time with it and share it to others. That makes it ‘viral'.
Bruce Lee had ‘very' amazing skills and we knew we had to be true to the legend. Thankfully, we also have a ‘very' open-minded client who champions and knows the value of great creative.
Agency.Asia: What was the inspiration for ‘Bruce Lee'?
Polly Chu: We've done an estimate on how much it would have cost for paid placements on links like YouTube, Youku, etc. The figures came up to millions of dollars.
A little harder to measure, but equally valuable, is the ‘cool factor' it has given the Nokia brand globally. The inspiration behind the idea comes from the teams' love for Bruce Lee personally. We are big fans of him.
That's why we understand what kind of tricks will stir up hot news among his fans. Of course, 2008 was Bruce Lee's 30th anniversary also inspired us to launch a campaign to pay tributes to him. Our task was to get people excited enough to visit the campaign's micro-site where they could learn more about the Nokia N96 Bruce Lee Limited Edition, not to communicate a complete, stand alone product selling proposition which is the objective behind most TVCs [television commercials].
Agency.Asia: The video has been viewed tens of millions of times on YouTube alone. Notwithstanding its phenomenal popularity, there is a colossal amount of debate as to whether the footage was real or whether it is trick photography.
When we look at the forums, people are actually hurling abuse at each other. It is rare that advertising stirs up so much passion. The one thing that seems almost unanimous is that people absolutely love your ad.
Polly Chu: Now, that would be telling! We're also thrilled to see that people think the product is as cool as the viral films. This is also one of the most interesting aspects of this campaign that we can actually know how people reacted with our ad; we could keep tracking on the responses and plan our next step. We launched the 10 seconds teaser first and waited for 2 days.
There were already 700,000 views within 24 hours. Then we launched the full version with the product shot and website address where people could order the limited edition phone. It is in fact a well planned e-marketing campaign. We were thrilled to witness those passionate responses.
Agency.Asia: Did Nokia specifically request a viral campaign, or did ‘Nokia N96' start out as a TVC brief and end up going ballistic on YouTube?
Polly Chu: Actually, the original brief was for point-of-sale only but we knew that it wasn't going to cut the mustard. And frankly, we didn't have media budget at all. Therefore viral video was the only creative solution.
Agency.Asia: What can you tell us about the director, because they absolutely nailed this advertisement? Shot from the darkness, it has a distinctly voyeuristic feel about it.
You really feel like you're there and you daren't even breathe in case Bruce should mishit the ping-pong ball – and possibly come and kick your ass! It is an execution altogether different from what one might expect from Nokia, a company renowned for micro technology and refinement.
Polly Chu: Yes, we discussed with the director how to make it look like a never-seen-before secret footage of Bruce Lee. The director took a great effort to study Bruce Lee and found the right talent. We used an up and coming local Chinese director whose passion could be seen in every second of the film.
TWO directors of a controversy-plagued Victorian private college for international students allegedly blackmailed an Indian student who complained about the college's standards.
The revelations raise questions about the Baillieu government's vow to clean up the industry, with at least one of the men facing criminal charges, Kanwal Singh, still working at and managing the South Pacific Institute in Melbourne's CBD.
Questions have arisen over the Baillieu government's vow to clean up private colleges that attract thousands of international students every year.
The Indian-born Kanwal Singh, his fellow South Pacific Institute director Gurvinder Singh, who is also an Indian national and a third man, Ayush Gupta, were recently charged by the Victoria Police with two counts of making an unwarranted demand on a person with menace.
The charges relate to allegations that the trio threatened a student to get him to retract complaints he had made in 2009 about the South Pacific Institute.
JOE SCHMIDT IS set to hand Josh van der Flier and Stuart McCloskey their international debuts in Saturday's Six Nations clash with England at Twickenham.
Van der Flier has been superb this season. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
22-year-old openside flanker van der Flier has been in exceptional form all season for Leinster, racking up three starts in the Champions Cup and a total of 14 impactful appearances.
With Sean O'Brien ruled out for the rest of the Six Nations due to a hamstring injury, Schmidt is set to task van der Flier with bringing breakdown nous and dynamism to Saturday's contest in London.
Meanwhile, Schmidt is waiting for a final, definitive call on the fitness of outside centre Jared Payne, but at this point it is thought he is unlikely to feature.
23-year-old McCloskey is set to come into the midfield if his Ulster teammate is ruled out with the hamstring injury he suffered against France.
McCloskey's inclusion for his Test debut would likely mean Robbie Henshaw moving to the 13 shirt for Ireland.
Conor Murray and Johnny Sexton are set to continue their halfback partnership, while Keith Earls, Andrew Trimble and Rob Kearney look likely to form the back three as Simon Zebo provides bench cover.
McCloskey looks physically ready for Test rugby. Source: Dan Sheridan/INPHO
CJ Stander and Jamie Heaslip are expected to continue in the back row, as Donnacha Ryan gets set to replace Mike McCarthy alongside Devin Toner in the engine room.
Jack McGrath's excellent form should see him retain the loosehead slot, while captain Rory Best and the returning Mike Ross look set to complete the front row. Ireland are expected to have another uncapped player on the bench in the shape of Connacht lock Ultan Dillane.
Schmidt is scheduled to name his matchday 23 at 1.20pm tomorrow.
Possible Ireland XV:
15. Rob Kearney
14. Andrew Trimble
13. Robbie Henshaw
12. Stuart McCloskey
11. Keith Earls
10. Johnny Sexton
9. Conor Murray
1. Jack McGrath
2. Rory Best (captain)
3. Mike Ross
4. Donnacha Ryan
5. Devin Toner
6. CJ Stander
7. Josh van der Flier
8. Jamie Heaslip
[American Affairs, 1949. An MP3 audio file of this article, read by Floy Lilley, is available for download.]
When John T. Flynn has put the Roosevelt myth through his terrible wringer and thrown aside the empty sack, all that remains of it is — the myth. His book will not be challenged on grounds of fact. He has a special way with facts. He brings them together in piles like fissionable material, and then suddenly a pile explodes with atomic effect, even though there had been nothing new in the facts. Many of them you already knew and had forgotten. But the secret of a myth is no more explained by facts than the secret of life is explained by anatomy. It may be that for good or bad the man of myth is an instrument, and if that is so, he would be unable to account for himself, or, trying to give reasons, would give wrong or puerile reasons, not knowing any better.
You get this idea as you read Flynn's history of the thirteen Roosevelt years. From backstage, the New Deal was an incredible confusion, unable, as Mr. Flynn thinks, to make sense even to itself; and the man least competent to make sense of it was the president. He was the juggler who made fascinating patterns in the air with glittering objects handed out to him from behind the scenes by visionaries, monomaniacs of economic theory, social reformers who found themselves suddenly in the land of a dream come true, disaffected intellectuals, sinister aliens, petted communists, and crackpots; Henry Wallace, under whose evangel of abundance cotton was plowed under and little pigs were slaughtered; Milo Perkins, who wanted a world he could lift and whose slogan was "Grab the Torch," and Dr. Maurice Parmalee, who
had spent years drinking deep of the "new learning" in Europe and wrote a book called "Farewell to Poverty." Wallace and Perkins and Parmalee made a marvelous trio of musketeers as they figuratively strutted over this hemisphere arm-in-arm singing "Hello Plenty! Here We Come!" Parmalee wrote another book labeled Bolshevism, Fascism and the Liberal Democratic State. In this he said: "The high technological development in the United States renders it feasible to introduce a planned social economy much more rapidly than has been the case in the U.S.S.R. …. The superficial paraphernalia of capitalism can be dispensed with more quickly than in the Soviet Union." But the Doctor had strayed into much lighter fields of literature. He had also written a book called Nudism in Modern Life which is secluded in the obscene section of the Library of Congress.
They were willing to try anything, and did try everything they could think of, but nothing really worked. After five years, the bad-wolf depression was back again, deficit spending was no longer a magic solution because, for one reason, nobody could think of anything big enough to spend money for, and the New Deal was on the rocks. On January 1, 1938, says Flynn, the president and Henry Morgenthau
sat down to a sad repast. Roosevelt told him "the next two years don't count — they are already water over the dam." Then he revealed the extent of his plans — they would have to step up spending, forget about balancing the budget and get along with a two or three billion dollar a year deficit for two years. Then a conservative would come into office. That administration would do what Roosevelt had been promising he would do — quit government spending. And then the whole thing would go down in a big crash. At that point they would have to yell for Roosevelt and Morgenthau to come back and get them out of the hole. The amazing feature of this strange confidence, which Morgenthau has reported, is this: Roosevelt and Morgenthau were already in a hole — the kind of hole the next administration would be in. Nobody had to call them in now — they were in. And they had not the foggiest idea what to do about getting out of the hole they were in, except to spend. Morgenthau concluded from this that Roosevelt had put out of his mind any thought of a third term. It is possible that he had.
What saved the New Deal from confession of failure was first the defense program and then the war. There was then something big enough to absorb astronomical deficit spending. The attitude of the New Deal economists toward the defense program was upside down. Their question was not "How much will it cost to create an adequate national defense?" The question they asked themselves was "What expenditure for national defense will increase the national income to $100 billions?" It was, therefore, inflation of the national income they were thinking of — not how to buy a maximum of defense at a minimum of cost.
But many of those who lived through the early years of the New Deal, especially the period known as "the one hundred days," without surrendering control of their rational faculties, will feel that Mr. Flynn leaves something out, and that what is missing from his history is the key. To this Mr. Flynn would undoubtedly say yes, and then explain that the key, it was a fact, could not be documented. Even those who believe there was a key were never sure that Mr. Roosevelt was aware of its existence.
From the facts alone, as Mr. Flynn relates them, you might suppose that everything just happened; that when Mr. Roosevelt was elected he had no idea what he was going to do, never thought through any of the things he did do, and that the story of the New Deal made itself up as it went along. Events of revolutionary meaning took place, but they were happy and reckless inventions, launched in a spirit of experimental adventure, with no preconceived design and no thread of purpose at all.
Mr. Flynn says, for example, and it is undoubtedly true, that Mr. Roosevelt's understanding of economics was immature and that monetary questions confused and bored him. Everyone knew that. Nevertheless a study of the New Deal's monetary measures may lead one to a startling conclusion. That conclusion may be stated as follows: if there had been a definite revolutionary purpose and if the way of bringing that purpose to pass had been thought out beforehand with extreme intelligence, everything would have happened just as it did.
Try putting down first the conditions. The country was on a gold standard, banking was free, exchange was free, every man was free to do what he pleased with his gold to hoard it or to sell it or to take it out of the country. All the gates stood open.
Then imagine the problem to be this: under these conditions given, how are you going to get control of all money, banking, and credit, in order not only to get your hands on the public purse, but to be able to use inflation as an instrument of social or revolutionary policy?
The solution of that problem can be worked out with chesslike precision, provided you can get control of both the executive and legislative functions of government. You will need this power for only a little while, because the edicts and laws you are going to use, if you know what they are, will be short and few. In the name of emergency, the New Deal did get such control of government. Edicts issued from the White House were validated by Congress afterward; and Congress was willing to enact any law sent to it by the president, sometimes even without reading it.
But with all this political power you still cannot solve the problem unless you know how. The solution requires certain definite steps in a certain sequence, as, for example, first to get physical possession of all the gold by a plausible pretext, then with the gold in your possession to confiscate it; next to take control of foreign exchange and slam the gates, then to repudiate the gold standard, declare all gold contracts void on grounds of public policy, even the gold-redemption clause engraved on government bonds, and finally to introduce an unlimited, irredeemable paper currency and pass a law making any other kind of money illegal.
The sequence must be right. That is imperative. One step in the wrong order might be ruinous and certainly the wrong step first would be fatal. Now the point is that each of these steps was taken in the right order, unerringly. Could that have been accidental? Or was it easier to imagine that behind the facade of innocent trial and error a keen and purposeful intelligence was all the time acting?
This was the clearest example that could be isolated. Nevertheless it soon became evident to thoughtful observers that all the New Deal's experiments, no matter how artless they might seem, had a certain bent. The tendency was to change the philosophy of American government, within the law if possible, in contempt of law when necessary, as when the president wrote to the chairman of a House committee saying that a little thing like the Constitution ought not to stand in the way of a good intention for the public welfare. The executive principle of government was daringly exalted. Much lawmaking power was delegated to the executive power by a pliant Congress, and thus the rise of administrative law, controlled by administrative commissions, who acted as prosecutor, jury, and judge to enforce their own laws.
By this means, the hand of government began to be laid upon every economic activity of life. The NRA was a failure; the Blue Eagle was already sick before the Supreme Court had chopped off its head. Yet the purpose was clear: the purpose was to create a kind of corporate state, not very unlike the Mussolini state, with all business in obedient submission to the paternal wisdom of government.
In a little while men who had been able to associate themselves with the New Deal by thinking of it not as a philosophy but as a dispensation for the emergency only, began to perceive through all its confusions the elements of design and became very uneasy about it.
One of these was Lewis W. Douglas, the first director of the budget, who visited Mr. Roosevelt in his bedroom one morning and said, "Mr. President, I do urge you to open your mind to the possibility that among the people surrounding you there is a kind of purpose you are not aware of." To this the president said, "Now you, too, Lew. Are you beginning to see things? Who are they? Where do they hide? Do you want to look under the bed?"
Another one was Senator Carter Glass who had been secretary of the Treasury and knew his monetary book. He, too, began to believe there was a controlling design, audaciously conceived and moved by unusual intelligence, but neither he nor anyone else was ever able to identify the intelligence or say where it was seated. The curious fact is that nobody imputed it to the president.
The latter part of Mr. Flynn's book is the kind of history that induces postdated shudders. The idol of a great myth in such a state of physical and mental decline that he had moments of blackout, bearing on paralyzed legs the weight of a world at war, is a figure of supreme tragedy; and it was much more than personal tragedy because it involved the country in the unpredictable perils of a new and strange destiny. Although people were dimly aware of the truth, its more painful aspects were concealed, and this, Mr. Flynn thinks, was wrong. That has happened twice in our history, and each time with a world hero.
Mr. Flynn leaves one singular episode in a state of mystery. When he was nominated for the last time, Mr. Roosevelt, by all intimate testimony, was aware that he might not live through another term. Then why did he put Henry Wallace down the well? Wallace was the natural candidate for second place on the ticket. All that weird and powerful motley on the Left, led by Sidney Hillman and including Browder's demobilized communists, were for Wallace, and for him to the point of saying that there was no second choice.
Nevertheless, at the eleventh hour, still saying, "Clear everything with Sidney," Mr. Roosevelt turned from Wallace to Truman. That was perhaps the last of his unexplained acts on the domestic political scene; and in view of the astonishing Truman performance in 1948 — that is, in the first election of post-Roosevelt time — it was what some might call a sign of premonition. Otherwise the country would have had three and one half years of Wallace.
Mr. Flynn is no academic historian. He is a reporter. Reporting is history in the raw. This is excellent reporting, by one who, besides penetrating insight, has a gift for dramatizing facts, not to omit a sense of humor. One of Mr. Roosevelt's "dainty intellectual pets," he says, was Archibald MacLeish, the poet, who was made head of the Office of Facts and Figures. He quotes from a MacLeish poem:
Who is the voyager on these coasts? Who is the traveler in these waters Expects the future as a shore; foresees Like Indies to the west the ending — he The rumor of the surf intends.
Flynn then adds, "A man who writes poetry like that inevitably becomes a New Dealer, if not worse."
Those who may allow for the fact that Mr. Flynn was born with a psychic mechanism guaranteed to protect him from all spells of human origin. The Roosevelt spell repelled him violently.
“…What if I'm dumb in school?
What if they've closed the swimming pool?…
…What if nobody likes me?
What if a bolt of lightning strikes me?…
…What if the bus is late?
What if my teeth don't grow in straight?…
…Everything seems well, and then
The nighttime Whatifs strike again!”
Shel Silverstein has so beautifully strung into a poem all kinds of anxieties a child has during his early years of development.
Children experience worry and nervousness, accompanied by panic attacks and/or compulsive behavior. According to the Anxiety and Depression Association of America, 1 in 8 children experience anxiety which can affect them negatively. [1]
Is My Kid Suffering From an Anxiety Disorder?
Sounds a big and heavy word huh?
My kid can't have this!
Well, the irony is that, for certain and obvious reasons, kids don't realize they are anxious, nor do their parents!
So, the first step to fighting anxiety is to identify it and face it boldly.
But, how to identify?
Following are some questions that can make your aware if your kid suffers from anxiety:
Do strangers and new faces make your child uncomfortable?
Do supernatural things frighten your kid?
Does your child avoid being a part of social activities, social places and situations?
Does your child hate appearing for tests and fears failing it?
Does your child seem irritated and restless most of the time?
Does your child worry excessively, to the extent of not paying attention anywhere else?
Is your child not able to focus or concentrate well?
Is your child afraid of the dark and unknown places?
If your answer to most or all of these questions is ‘Yes', then this post is for you!
If not, even then you should continue reading to help kids in your vicinity, deal with this problem. After all, you are kind enough to do that, aren't you?
Reasons Why Your Kid Might be Anxious
Children learn the most by watching and observing people around them. If the adults at home, in school or in the daycare are constantly anxious, panicked or hyper; then the kid tends to react and behave in the same manner.
Since a kid's mind is impressionable, even a little amount of stress can afflict him. The worry could be about anything ranging from grades at school to asking mom for permission to go out trekking.
Emotionally disturbing events that happen in a child's life, like loss or separation of parents, witnessing frequent fights between parents or moving to a new school or city, can also affect the child highly negatively.
Violence or physical abuse seen or experienced by the child in his early years can lead to an anxiety disorder in later stages of life.
How to Deal With It?
Fortunately, there are numerous effective and simple ways to deal with an anxious child. All you need to have is ‘patience' as things never change overnight.
Here are some ways that can help you and your kid get through this tough phase of childhood:
1. Talk it out!
The best and the most effective way to deal is to have a casual chat with your child.
Try to know what he feels when a certain situation arises. This comes under mindfulness practice, where you become part of his worries while focusing on one feeling at a time and teach him how to face it with a peaceful, calm mindset.
Make him aware you're with him to lessen the piled up burden. Tell the child how you dealt with a similar situation in your childhood days. In this way, the child will feel supported and cared for and shall come out to be more confident in situations of distress.
2. Support from school
School is a place where a child spends most of her time. Providing the child with a comfortable environment there can help control his woes.
Meetup her teachers and inform them about your child's response to situations of crisis. Ask them to take special care of your child (without making it obvious) when in school.
3. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT)
Take the help of a therapist if you feel that things are going out of control. A therapist can target the problem systematically, by researching, reaching its roots and can give a sure shot plan that will help your child overcome uneasiness.
CBT is a modern day talking therapy that includes breathing exercises, relaxation techniques and other activities.
4. Diversion
Try to divert or keep your child's mind occupied by enrolling him in some art classes of his choice or by encouraging him to play outdoor games or a biweekly yoga class. Anything that takes his mind off the usual routine shall be a good diversion to reduce anxiety.
5. Correct sleeping habits
A good night's sleep can help the child deal well with misgivings. Reduce your kid's screen time and increase his sleep time and see the difference in the anxiety levels.
6. Diet
Take care that your child avoids having excess sugar, additives and caffeinated drinks. This is said to reduce the stress levels to a great extent. [2]
7. Medication
Medication will not show immediate results. It usually takes 2-4 weeks for effects to become visible. But, do not readily give your kid any medication (mainly antidepressants) without consulting a good pediatrician and a child psychology therapist.
Preventing anxiety from creeping in
More than treatment, anxiety in kids that should first hand be prevented. By making simple changes in your and your child's day-to-day life, you can keep him protected from getting depressed unnecessarily. Such changes include:
Praise your child whenever he/she finishes doing something that he/she is otherwise concerned about.
Every day, ask your child to write down all the things or issues that bother him and keep dropping these into a ‘Worry-Solving-Box'. At the end of the week, go through each (if he allows, or else let him only do it) and tear off the ones that were not worth it. The parents should also do this exercise with each other to demonstrate him its effectiveness and pique his interest.
Do not label your child as ‘shy', ‘panicky' or ‘irritable'; in front of others or even at home.
Encourage your child to do things that perturb him and help him get over those feelings. Make sure it's a gentle and motivating effort. How you handle his situation matters the most to your child.
Teach and practice with your child breathing exercises and relaxation techniques (like meditation or guided imagery) to help relieve the stress.
Observe what your child enjoys doing and repeat that activity frequently relax his spirit. E.g., going together for a swim, dining out, playing together etc.
Most importantly, let your child know that you are there at all times. Nothing can heal your child's anxiety disorder as rapidly as your support and love can.
Also, always keep in mind that being anxious is a part of growing up and with help and care even your child will grow out of it one day for sure. As I said earlier, all you need to have is – Patience!
Further Reads
Last Updated: June 28th, 2014
Next Scheduled Update: Aug 28th, 2014
Recently, on a crowded bus, I saw a woman struggling with a toddler in full tantrum mode. The little child was sobbing and screaming “What is my password? What is my password” over and over again. The child's mother could do nothing but shush her. Did this child have a password? Did the mother know it? We all hoped so. Anything to stop the meltdown.
UK citizens to get more rights over personal data under new laws Read more
Everyone has seen a child who can only just walk, and hardly use a spoon, master an iPad. It all comes so naturally, say the proud and somewhat stunned parents. One consequence of an increasing ease with technology over the past decade or so is that we now have young adults who've only ever known a world in which personal information and images are circulated online. A world in which an online presence is deemed a necessity. The violation of one's own privacy has been part of the deal for this “exposure” – despite the fact that increasing numbers are learning the hard way that once something is online, it never really goes away.
The data protection bill now seeks to give people the right to force the huge companies who dominate the internet to delete personal data. During the election campaign Theresa May mentioned plans to give people the right to request deletion of social media posts, and it looks like it's now happening. Labour's Tom Watson has stated he supports the changes proposed by Matt Hancock, the minister of state for digital and culture. “Labour's manifesto committed to allowing young people to remove content shared on the internet before they turned 18,” he says.
All those embarrassing Facebook/Instas of drunken antics and incessant posing with blunts, bongs and gangsta signs. Do you really want future employers looking at this? Or anyone?
This is iGen – the Generation of Too Much Information – who, we are warned, are often lonely and depressed, and that can be exacerbated by living online. To counter this, we could look at the recent reduction in rates of drinking, smoking and teen pregnancy and say: it's not so bad. One thing's for certain – we do not yet know all the consequences of growing up in a world in which so much personal data has been circulated. In this culture of self-surveillance, privacy has been forfeited and these changes in the law are an attempt to claw some of it back.
It is a recognition that we all make mistakes, especially when young – and that a stupid picture should not be an indelible stain. A gesture, perhaps more hopeful than workable, towards huge companies such as Facebook and Google. An attempt to answer the question: who owns personal data, them or us? It can be difficult to get a Facebook page taken down even when someone has died. Facebook instead offers to “memorialise” it.
The copyrighting of one's own shallow existence. How very quaint. I like it.
Some of this is about education and explaining that what's posted online tends to stay online. No wonder Snapchat, with its promise of impermanence (though screenshotting gets round instant deletion), has been such a hit with young people. But we need to go further.
While social media is all about making a mark, about saying “This is me”, the right to be forgotten is about handing over a different kind of power. It is the assertion of ownership of one's own identity by refusing to give ownership to the platforms that published the posts.
The copyrighting of one's own shallow existence. How very quaint. I like it. There is freedom in being able to delete the digital past. Or indeed in growing up without one. The right to be forgotten is actually about the right to have a past that is not always perfect: a life, in other words.
• Suzanne Moore is a Guardian columnist
'White House Arrest?' Legal Experts Disagree About Prosecuting A President
Enlarge this image toggle caption Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP/Getty Images Andrew Caballero-Reynolds/AFP/Getty Images
The debate over whether the president of the United States can be charged with a crime is as old as the country itself.
Early evidence comes from the diary of a Pennsylvania senator, who recorded "a heated debate on this very issue" in September 1789, said Hofstra University Law School professor Eric Freedman.
"For those who believe in original intent, we have pretty good evidence of original intent," Freedman said. "The founders just disagreed on the very question."
The words of the Constitution aren't much help either. It talks about impeachment, removing a president from office. But the document is vague on the issue of whether a president can be indicted while he holds the office.
"We tend to talk about it as one big on-off switch," explained Harvard Law School professor Andrew Crespo. "But, really, the question ought to be: Can he be investigated, can he be indicted, can he be made to stand trial, can he be sentenced? And the burdens imposed by each of those steps of the process are different."
And so, that debate has raged.
In the 1970s, lawyers for the special prosecutor investigating Watergate argued the president could be charged while in office. In the 1990s, attorneys working for Whitewater independent counsel Kenneth Starr favored impeachment over criminal prosecution.
And it continues to rage today, just weeks into the work of Russia special counsel Robert Mueller — who may be a long way from charging anyone with wrongdoing, let alone President Trump.
But Freedman of Hofstra said the conversation is about more than legal rules. Rather, he said, it's about the kind of country we are.
"If we really believe that we are a nation of laws, then making the president subject to the rule of law in this sense is very important, symbolically as well as practically," he said.
Most constitutional lawyers agree a president can be investigated. But the consensus breaks down when it comes to what happens next. "The president cannot be indicted, prosecuted and tried while serving in office," Harvard Law School professor Alan Dershowitz told Fox News last month.
Dershowitz pointed out the Justice Department has twice concluded that indicting a sitting president would undermine the executive branch and its duties under the Constitution.
"The only mechanism the Constitution provides is he could be impeached and once impeached and removed from office he could then be charged with a criminal trial," Dershowitz said.
But he said a sitting president cannot, according to the Justice Department.
Whether the special counsel for Russia is constrained by those Justice Department conclusions is an open question. On paper, Mueller reports to the deputy attorney general — so many experts believe he would be bound by DOJ interpretations.
In any event, constitutional lawyers said, there are practical problems to prosecuting and punishing a president who is still living in the White House.
In 1998, Georgetown law professor Susan Bloch imagined the consequences at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing.
"The notion that the president could be subject to something like house arrest, I guess we would call it White House arrest, or to a special tracking bracelet, I think is quite absurd," Bloch testified.
The president, she said, is unique, at least until he leaves 1600 Pennsylvania Ave.
Billionaire tech entrepreneur and investor Marc Andreessen explained the downfall of the mainstream media during an interview at Recode this week, claiming “If you actually wanted to, last year in 2016, read the story of the election and get the truth, you read Breitbart.”
Speaking at the Code 2017 conference, an invitation-only event hosted by Recode, Marc Andreessen made his feelings about the media clear.
“If you actually wanted to, last year in 2016, read the story of the election and get the truth, you read Breitbart,” Andreessen declared. “Now, nobody wants to hear that, because we all have concluded that Breitbart is absurd right-wing propaganda and that somehow the traditional coastal press is somehow the truth, but it's demonstrable last year that was not true.”
“So I think we all just need to take a step back from this idea that there's absolute truth, and that we somehow have some sort of monopoly or preferential access to it and the rest of these people kind of don't understand anything,” he continued. “By the way, it's a surefire way to lose elections. If Democrats are ever going to win elections again in the center of the country and the south of the country, they have to show up with some message other than ‘you're all a bunch of morons'. That's not going to work.”
“But that's not the point… that's an easy shorthand way of saying no matter what they say on the left, on either coast, is untrue,” interrupted the moderator. “You can say untruths to people and get them to vote a certain way. I mean you know that.”
“If you like your healthcare plan you can keep it. Right? Obama, 2008? Obamacare, how's that working out?” Andreessen added. “I'm gonna close Guantanamo in my first year in office?”
“Well the fact that politicians break some promises is not a very big…” the moderator continued.
“If you read the press coverage of those promises at the time they were presented as truth,” declared Andreessen. “They were presented as ‘yes, these are absolutely things that are going to happen.' There were reams of coverage around Obamacare of how well it was going to work.”
During his interview, Andreessen also explained how the general public used to be made to think by the media that Silicon Valley was a “hotbed of crazy libertarians,” despite the opposite being true.
“Of course our friend Peter [Thiel] was always held up… as kind of representative of the valley,” he explained. “A funny thing happened last year, which was it turning out that was fake news. It turns out that was not true. In fact it turns out the opposite is true, which is the 99.999 percent of Silicon Valley is last year voted for Hillary Clinton, supported Hillary Clinton, donated to Hillary Clinton.”
“The money difference, it was like some giant multiple… Silicon Valley is extremely left-wing, extremely liberal,” Andreessen concluded. “I think it's hard for people in Silicon Valley to even articulate the other side at this point, I think it's hard to even articulate the case for voting for Donald Trump, it's hard to articulate what people in the Midwest and South are thinking.”
Charlie Nash is a reporter for Breitbart Tech. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington or like his page at Facebook.
Mind you don't spill something: Paris Hilton dresses from head-to-toe in white to pick up lunch in her matching supercar
She likes to co-ordinate her outfit to whichever colour car she's driving and when Paris Hilton stepped out on Monday - she went all out.
The heiress popped to Lemonade in Studio City in California, to buy lunch to-go, driving there in her white Lexus LFA supercar which is reportedly worth a huge $375,000.
The fashion queen complemented the extravagant automobile when she dressed entirely in the same hue.
Attention to detail: Paris Hilton matched her outfit to her Lexus LFA supercar when she popped out to pick up some lunch on Monday Whoops! Hilton's glasses slipped a little as she walked down the street
The 33-year-old wore a ripped white jumper which she layered over a matching top and ripped white skinny jeans.
The unforgiving colour choice must have meant that Paris would have to have taken care with her lunch in case she spilled something on her clothes.
Paying close attention to detail, the pretty blonde also wore white patent platform heels by Christian Louboutin which were a little battered and a matching bag from her own epynomous line.
Check this out: Paris gave photographers a good look at the interior of her posh mode of transport Be careful! The personality had to take extra care when exiting the vehicle in her white clothing
Hilton even wore a pair of retro shades in white and wore her long locks half-up and half-down.
Despite her birthday being as far back as February 17, Paris later flew to Brazil in order to continue what seems to be a three-week celebration.
On Tuesday, she took to her Twitter account to tell her 12.6million followers: ' Love my Brazilian fans. So much fun celebrating my birthday in #Florianopolis!'
Accessorise all areas: The pretty blonde matched her shoes, bag and her sunglasses to her outfit
Working it: Paris looked chic and slim in her well thought out get-up
All white: No doubt the heiress had to be careful she didn't spill something when eating her to-go lunch
Paris received the exact same sports car in banana yellow as a gift for her 30th birthday, as a present from her now ex-boyfriend Cy Waits.
However, Paris decided to change the brightly-coloured vehicle for a more elegant white version post-split.
Only 500 of the custom-built LFA have been made, so Paris either swapped her mellow yellow mobile or gave it back to Waits, then treated herself to a white version.
MailOnline has contacted a spokesperson for Paris Hilton.
Loving life: The American star looked happy and cheerful as she made her way back to her car
And she's off... Paris's supercar is worth a reported $375,000
In the cleantech sector, pretty much everyone knows the acronym RPS, for Renewable Portfolio Standards. Since the first RPS policy in the U.S., implemented in Iowa in the late 1990s, 30 states have passed similar policies to promote the installation of renewable energy projects and expedite penetration (overcoming the ambivalence or outright opposition of utilities) of renewable energy in electric power supply.
Now, as reported in this article, California is considering the adoption of what looks to be the first Storage Portfolio Standard: requirements for utilities to install grid-scale energy storage. Specifically, in early August, the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) voted unanimously to adopt a framework for analyzing the energy storage needs of each utility. This builds upon a previous bill, AB 2514, which included a mandate for the CPUC to “determine appropriate targets, if any, for each load-serving entity to procure viable and cost-effective energy storage systems to be achieved by” the end of 2015 and 2020.
Not surprisingly, the three major electric ”load-serving entities” (i.e., electric utilities) in California —PG&E, SCE and SDG&E — all opposed this movement. As did the Division of Ratepayer Advocates (DRA), the consumer watchdog organization, which argued that “picking arbitrary procurement levels…would most likely result in sub-optimal market solutions and increase costs to ratepayers without yielding commensurate benefits”.
As one of my former McKinsey colleagues noted on a number of occasions, quoting an executive who worked his entire career at a large electric utility, “No technology has ever been widely adopted by the electric utility industry without having it mandated by the regulators.”
The storage analogue of RPS policy — let's call it SPS — faces some hurdles, no doubt. But so did RPS policies.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Given that GE (NYSE: GE) is now working on a grid-scale battery technology, given how much GE's wind business has benefited from the expansion of RPS policies over the last decade, and given how active GE tends to be in energy policy circles, it's not a stretch to think that there will be a push for SPS-like policies across the U.S.
It will take time to fully implement, but perhaps grid-scale energy storage will soon be following the path blazed by renewables over the past 15 years, with a domino-effect of SPS requirements spreading across the country.
* Solar state wants lower subsidies to help consumers
* Economy, immigration growing, boosting energy usage
* Bavaria has big influence in ruling federal coalition
By Vera Eckert
MUNICH, Sept 8 (Reuters) - The German state of Bavaria will press the federal government to reduce supports for renewable energy, a high-ranking local policymaker said on Tuesday, calling the cost of green power a threat to economic growth.
“We have to step on the brakes of electricity costs. Germany's energy transition must not become a decisive disadvantage and a risk to our welfare,” said Ilse Aigner, deputy prime minister of the south-western German state and minister for energy.
Aigner's views matter because Bavaria has to be in line with Germany's overall energy goals and her party, the Christian Social Union (CSU), has leverage over Chancellor Angela Merkel's coalition government, led by the CSU's bigger sister party, the CDU.
She could therefore influence a federal debate planned for this autumn, after the Berlin government settled a number of energy-related disputes in July.
Critics say that the 21 billion euros ($23 billion) that German industrial and household consumers pay annually to subsidise green energy, largely through surcharges under the renewable energy act (EEG), slow competitiveness and spending in the broader economy.
Reform measures are due to be agreed by mid-2016, ushering in renewable energy tenders instead of fixed prices from 2017.
Renewable energy already amounts to over 25 percent of the national electricity mix, driven by the political desire to move to a low-carbon economy.
In Bavaria, it is 30 percent and growing, thanks to a high sun intensity encouraging photovoltaics, as well as hydroelectric, biomass, and geothermal industries.
Bavaria's industry leaders, including heavyweights such as BMW and Siemens, say high electricity prices already hurt them as well as neighbouring Austria, whose power market is aligned with Germany's.
“The economy is buzzing and there will be more immigration up to the year 2030,” Aigner said.
Bavaria has 13 million inhabitants, more than twice as many as Belgium, and is growing rapidly.
Germany has discouraged rising energy consumption by promoting building insulation and efficiency schemes.
Aigner also advocated less bureaucracy in managing the EEG. “Guess how many pay categories there are in the EEG ... 4,955,” she said. ($1 = 0.8962 euros) (Reporting by Vera Eckert, editing by Thomas Atkins/Ruth Pitchford)
An Evaluation of Bias in Three Measures of Teacher Quality: Value-Added, Classroom Observations, and Student Surveys
NBER Working Paper No. 23478
Issued in June 2017
NBER Program(s):Children, Economics of Education, Labor Studies, Public Economics
There are three primary measures of teaching performance: student test-based measures (i.e., value added), classroom observations, and student surveys. Although all three types of measures could be biased by unmeasured traits of the students in teachers' classrooms, prior research has largely focused on the validity of value-added measures. We conduct an experiment involving 66 mathematics teachers in four school districts and test the validity of all three types of measures. Specifically, we test whether a teacher's performance on each measure under naturally occurring (i.e., non-experimental) settings predicts performance following random assignment of that teacher to a class of students. Combining our results with those from two previous experiments, we provide further evidence that value-added measures are unbiased predictors of teacher performance. In addition, we provide the first evidence that classroom observation scores are unbiased predictors of teacher performance on a rubric measuring the quality of mathematics instruction. Unfortunately, we lack the statistical power to reach any similar conclusions regarding the predictive validity of a teacher's student survey responses.
Acknowledgments and Disclosures
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w23478
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
Do you know what one of the best feelings in the world is? When your package arrives earlier than the scheduled delivery haha! My massive package of Korean skincare arrived from Wishtrend yesterday so I thought I'd share with you all.
How I like to do haul posts is to not just show what I got, but why I got it and my overall shopping experience on the site. So read on if you've ever been curious about Wishtrend or any of the products they carry.
Why Wishtrend?
These days it feels like there are a million and one online sites to order Korean beauty products from, so why did I choose Wishtrend? First of all, I'd like to say that I am not sponsored by them and everything in this haul was chosen by me and paid for by my super sweet fiance (which I guess kinda makes it paid by me as we share accounts, but yaknow what I mean haha). Secondly, I have ordered from a few other sites before (RoseRoseShop, Memebox, Innisfree, and Etude House) but wanted to try something new. So I went for Wishtrend because they carried a lot of brands that I didn't see carried elsewhere and their prices and shipping were quite fair.
What was I hauling?
I don't haul often when it comes to k-beauty since usually shipping is a pain, so usually once a year or so, I do a massive restocking. This time I needed the following:
– oil cleanser
– low pH second cleanser
– first essence
– serum/essence
– eye cream
I ended up getting all these items and a few more items just because…
The Haul
Tosowoong Spin 4D Pore Brush – $49.20
I wasn't planning on getting this, but I did want to start using a face brush again. I've had a Clarisonic Mia for years from my bestie, Wendy, but lately it hasn't gotten much love. Being almost 5 years old, it has a accumulated a lot of gunk and so I just haven't wanted to reach for it. The other thing is the price, not only is the Clarisonic much more expensive, the replacement brushes are about $27-30. I did really like how my skin looked and felt when I was using it though, so hopefully this is a good alternative since the replacement brushes are only about $8.
dear klairs Gentle Black Deep Cleansing Kit – $38.35
Originally, I was just going to get the cleansing oil in this, but since I was quite interested in the brand, dear klairs, I figured the kit was a pretty good value. It comes with the cleansing oil, a sugar scrub, and a bar soap. The fiance is actually quite interested in the sugar scrub so maybe I can get him to guest review on here haha.
Skin & Lab Glacial Water Kit – $24.29
This kit was completely un-needed and un-planned haha, but I just couldn't resist. I love charcoal and clay type masks usually (such as the ones from Origins and Innisfree) so I decided to give this mask a try. And I currently have about 3 moisturizers that need to be used, but I couldn't resist spending about $6 more and getting this kit since this moisturizing gel is worth $22.
ZYMOGEN Ferment Houttuynia Cordata Extract Serum – $24.50
This serum was advertised to be for those with senstivie and dry skin, which I have both and has a more watery texture. The was enough to sell me. My current serum from The Face Shop is the more a emulsion and doesn't seem to sink in, but just sits on top to make me look oily so I've been looking to replace it.
Skin & Lab Dr. Bio: Bio Activating Essence – $28.99
I love the idea of a watery first essence or booster. I really do think they give my skin that extra perk. I've tried and liked ones from Innisfree, Nature Republic, and SK-II, but I wanted to try a new one since i couldn't justify the SK-II price tag for its okay performance.
Ciracle Eye Contour Gel – $24.49
My eye area is really quite dry and I'm scraping the last of my eye cream so I picked just about any eye cream I could find on the site. I will say though, that they don't have a section for eye creams and this might be the only one they stock. I hope Wishtrend improves in this area in the future.
CosRx Low pH Good Morning Gel Cleanser – $9.99
I won't bore you with the need for a good low pH cleanser, but basically I've been looking for one for months since my Innisfree Bija Gel Cleanser ran out and I didn't need to order anything else (like I said, I hate making small orders). I've heard great things about this cleanser so I have high hopes for it.
Samples I got quite a few samples, but I almost expected this since it was quite a large haul. I got a sheet mask, a few creams (?), several CosRx samples in a CosRx zip baggie (cute haha), and a little post card type thing for the dear klairs bb cream. I also ordered when you got a free 4 week supply of the Skinmiso Pore Beauty Nose Pack valued at $11.90.
Wrap Up & Impressions of Wishtrend Overall
Pros:
– carries unique/hard to find brands
– kits are a really good value
– everything was packaged SUPER well (I had trouble getting through the bubble wrap)
– processing and shipping were quick (I ordered 1.11 and my order arrived 1.18)
– prices and shipping rates were quite fair (I ordered enough for free EMS shipping)
– the ingredients are included for each item (great for people with allergies like me)
– there are lots of pictures and information about each item
– good amount of samples
Cons:
– doesn't carry most main stream brands (etude house, innisfree, hera, etc, but this is only a semi con because these items can be ordered from other sites)
– not many eye creams
– I've heard sometimes it takes a long time for packages to ship out (not the case with mine)
Would I order from Wishtrend again? Yes! Am I super excited to go try out products now? Yes! Haha so let me know what you'd like a review of from this haul (:
Disclaimer: All products mentioned and linked to in this post were purchased by me. There are no sponsored or affiliated links. All opinions and thoughts are my own.
Advertisements
GETTY The slop has become popular with Iranians for its relaxed social environment
A special “ski police unit” has been deployed to segregate thousands of skiers to stop them from mixing with the opposite sex. General Hossein Sajadinia confirmed the unit - who cover Elburz Mountains outside Tehran, Iran - have been equipped with new uniforms to “withstand the mountainous conditions and yet be flexible enough to arrest offenders while chasing them on the slopes”.
GETTY Alborz is situated in northern Tehran
The hotspot is popular with young Iranians who meet on the mountains where some women remove their veils while dining in the slope's restaurants and Shisha cafés. But General Sajadinia has promised a clamp down on any misdemeanours that breach Islamic laws. He said: “This year we have sent a number of women officers to learn how to ski so they can carry out their vigilante duties of dealing with women who defy the Islamic hijab and those members of the police who play loud music while mixing with the opposite sex or commit sexual harassment.”
GETTY Police said they are aiming to clamp down on women removing their veils on the slopes
The ski slopes have traditionally been a scene for confrontation between Iran's hardliners and the affluent residents of the capital. They are officially segregated and women are not allowed to ski in the absence of a husband, father or brother.
GETTY Hardliners have blasted Iran's government over "lax social codes
Almond Milk PERIOD: medieval & Renaissance | SOURCE: Le Viandier de Taillevent | CLASS: Authentic DESCRIPTION: standard medieval sauce In the Middle Ages, animal milk was, of course, not refrigerated, and fresh milk did not stay fresh for long. Most cooks simply did not use much milk as the short shelf-life of the product made it a difficult ingredient to depend upon. Many recipe collections of the time advise that cooks should only rely on milk that comes directly from a cow, something not possible at all times, and purchasing milk was a dubious practice, for streetsellers of milk often sold wares that were either spoiled or diluted with water. Milk's use had to be immediate, in cooking or by turning into cheese & butter. It was these difficulties that forced Medieval cooks to look upon milk with great reluctance, and so having milk in the kitchen was usually unheard of. Rather than animal milk, Medieval cooks turned to something they could depend upon, and that was the milky liquid produced by grinding almonds or walnuts. This liquid, high in natural fats, could be prepared fresh whenever needed in whatever quantities. It also could be made well ahead of time and stored with no danger of degeneration. Because of its high fat content, it, like animal milk, could be churned into butter, and because it was not animal milk, it could be used and consumed during Church designated meatless days. Almond milk was used extensively in period; all existing cookbooks call for it, and it must have been found in literally every Medieval kitchen. It's the prime ingredient in many, many recipes, and the modern cook recreating Medieval food will have to learn its production in order to prepare the most common of dishes. Fortunately, it's easily made. I prefer the recipe of Terence Scully, as printed in Le Viandier de Taillevent, p. 315: 1 cup ground almonds
2 cups boiling water Combine almonds and water. Steep for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Sieve the mixture to remove coarse grains OR (preferably) blend mixture in electric blender until grains are absorbed. Yield - 2 cups almond milk. - Scully, Terence. The Art of Cookery in the Middle Ages. Woodbridge: The Boydell Press, 1995. - Scully, Terence, ed. Le Viandier de Taillevent. An Edition of all Extant Manuscripts. Ottawa: University of Ottawa Press, 1988. Metric, Celsius, & Gas Mark Equivalencies
If you're exploring the universe of No Man's Sky and scanning all the flora and fauna you see, there's a chance you'll eventually come close to tagging all the animal species on a particular world. You may not actively be playing the game with an eye toward a so-called completion percentage, but it's only natural to try to fill out your planetary Pokédex if you're almost there.
Thing is, it's often maddeningly difficult to find the last one or two animals on that list. You may spend an hour scouring a toxic, irradiated wasteland and never see a creature that isn't already in your database.
That's likely because you haven't looked skyward or seaward.
Must Read No Man's Sky streamer finally finds the last species on a planet in one perfect moment
The procedurally generated biodiversity in No Man's Sky makes room for flying beasts and sea creatures as well as land animals. So if you're still searching, try thinking outside the box somewhat.
Of course, finding these creatures is only half the battle. You've got to tag them into your database with your multi-tool's scanner. That may be easier said than done, depending on how they move. On my home planet, the seventh and final native animal was a birdlike creature that flew high enough and fast enough — with a zigzag path, to boot — to make it incredibly difficult to keep my scanner's reticle trained on it long enough to tag it.
So I took the easy way out. I switched my multi-tool to the mining beam and shot down one of the flock with my laser.
Yes, your scanner can pick up corpses, too, so once the bird fell to the ground, I ran over and tagged it. I'm an environmentalist at heart, but I can make an exception to sate my completionist urges.
For more on No Man's Sky, read our impressions of its first 10 hours. You can also get more tips from our full guide to the game.
It's been an odd summer at the box office, with an avalanche of blockbuster science fiction and fantasy flicks hitting theaters. The sheer volume of mega-movies has made it difficult to keep track of everything that's come out in the last few months, or what's coming soon. For example, you might assume that a buddy action comedy about dead cops starring Ryan Reynolds and Jeff Bridges would be a big deal, but RIPD – opening on Friday – has practically disappeared amidst the chatter about Pacific Rim, Man of Steel and other movies. Is this the summer that finally proves that you can have too much of a good thing?
Here's a brief list of big-budget genre movies that have been released in the last three months: Oblivion, Iron Man 3, Star Trek Into Darkness, After Earth, Man of Steel, World War Z, The Lone Ranger and Pacific Rim. That's ignoring non-genre or quasi-genre fare that has been equally hyped – The Great Gatsby, say, or Fast and Furious 6 – during that same period, or Monsters University and Despicable Me 2, the two big animated movies of the summer. Even so, it's practically a rate of one massive genre movie every couple of weeks, dominating the conversation and skewing perceptions of everything around it.
The result is a summer where blockbuster cinema may have finally reached the point where it's eating itself. With something new and exciting every week, the turnover has become so rapid that it's almost ridiculous. Something like Iron Man 3 feels like it came from another year, never mind the end of April; even Man of Steel seems passé, despite the fact that the movie has only been in theaters a month.
For all that we decry shortening attention spans, this summer's blockbuster movie season has gleefully promoted that very impulse, with the speedy turnover of big movies meaning that viewers have, at best, two weeks to see new releases and express opinions about them before the zeitgeist has moved on to something else. Be warned: The deadline on making Jaeger jokes is already fast approaching.
And then there are movies like *RED2 and *the aforementioned RIPD, new releases that already appear to have disappeared amongst the bigger, more heavily hyped movies surrounding them. The summer blockbuster glut may not just affect the shelf life of the biggest movies, but also erode visibility of the mid-level summer movie altogether. Think about the box office fates of something like The Heat or White House Down, both of which won't have the chance to recoup their budgets before being squeezed out of the multiplex by the next hopeful big thing.
Looking at the box office to date for 2013, it's clear that the movies that are successful are pretty damn successful, nonetheless. As a moviegoer, however, this summer has felt particularly overwhelming, unforgiving and exhausting, as well as unsupportive to features that could, otherwise, have found a more appreciative audience and greater success. If the trend continues in future years, the summer could end being a space reserved solely for mammoth movies and small upstarts that can easily make their money back in the three-week window they have in theaters, with mid-list movies looking for homes elsewhere.
July 17, 2013 10:30 a.m. Correction: The release date of RIPD* is July 19, 2013.*
One of the biggest misconceptions from those outside the swinging arena is that women are forced into the lifestyle by their husbands or partners. This ideal that women are conceding to swinging in some feeble attempt to either keep their marriage together, or the feminists' belief that they're the epitome of submissiveness, simply isn't true.
Granted, one spouse might bring up the subject of swinging, but maintaining an active role in the swinging lifestyle is definitely a consensual agreement between both partners. Would I have ever given swinging a try had John not already been involved? Probably not, as I never even knew there was such a thing. Am I glad I gave swinging a try? Absolutely! I have learned so much about myself and my sexuality that I had never been exposed to before.
I began to understand the benefits this open relationship concept brought to my marriage and how loving from a compersion base actually created an even deeper level of love for myself and my partner. Most importantly, I learned about me, what I bring to the table and how swinging actually benefitted me as a woman.
What are some of the benefits for us women?
Confidence: According to non-swingers, confidence would be the last way they would ever describe what happens when a woman becomes involved in the swinging lifestyle. However, it has been my experience (as well as the experience of thousands of other women) that opening up a relationship to incorporate swinging can do wonders for a woman's confidence.
Think about it, not only will a woman have the affirmation, love, attention and affection from her husband, but she'll also receive some of these same benefits from others, both men and women. Now I'm not saying a woman's confidence is based on outside confirmation, but I do know that when I feel confident about a decision and this confidence is affirmed by my partner, I come away feeling even more vested in my choice.
It doesn't take much to think back to the beginning of our own relationships and recall those pangs of excitement and self-confidence on those first few dates when we were paid all kinds of attention to how we looked, during those all night conversations and those new adventurous experiences with our partner. Have the image in your mind?
Now, imagine having the opportunity to experience those same “pangs of excitement,” those moments when we meet someone, that wonder in experiencing something new and different. Having the opportunity in swinging to experience this newness isn't because you don't love or take comfort in the steadfast love you have with your partner, it's because you do! In swinging, you're actually encouraged to participate in cultivating new intimacies with whomever draws your attention.
By doing so, you'll be reminded of how wonderful you are, how wonderful your partner is and how compersion (happiness in our partner's sexual happiness) can bring about a much deeper union. I remember well that first night I experienced being in an intimate situation with John and another man. The attention draped on me was empowering. I FELT my potential in those moments. Suddenly I was proud of myself and my capacity for owning all the decisions in my life!
Acceptance: Women in the swinging world are all about building each other up. If you walk into a swingers club in that sexy outfit, you're not going to be critiqued or be the recipient of any “shaming.” Instead, you'll have women asking you where you purchased that amazing outfit! You'll be exposed to open arms and love. This was one of my favorite revelations upon becoming involved in the swinging lifestyle.
Another memory I have when being introduced to the swinging lifestyle is the first time I visited a swingers club. I was excited yet nervous. I knew the first thing I needed to do was go shopping. My closet at the time was full of business attire and uber casual wear, not sexy outfits. So, even though I'm never one to turn down a shopping excursion, I realized not long after arriving at my local department store that finding a “sexy” outfit had me somewhat intimidated.
I vacillated between thinking I was too old to be sexy to being convinced that if I walked into the club in something too revealing that I would be the subject of criticism by others. Unfortunately, women are very quick to criticize other women because we're taught or we think that women are the enemy. You can imagine my sheer joy and relief when I was completely accepted. Yes, these other women loved my outfit, shoes and handbag, but more importantly, they made me feel special, accepted and beautiful!
Sexuality: This for me was the clincher in embracing the swinging lifestyle. Having grown up being taught that a man's sexual appetite and need for release was paramount, you can imagine my awe when I was accepted as a sexual being with just as many needs and wants and releases as my partner. I wasn't a woman with “male tendencies” because I enjoyed sex but a healthy, natural, normal woman. No longer did I have to carry around all the shame and guilt of being sexual.
As a matter of fact, in the swinging world, I was encouraged to find out who I was and what I wanted from a sexual standpoint. It was okay for me to experiment. It was okay if I said I liked porn or that I found it arousing to watch my husband make out with another woman. I was encouraged to leave any embarrassment at the door. Sex wasn't just intercourse anymore, it was about calling on all my senses: touching, tasting, smelling, looking and hearing what was happening to myself when I was making love as well as turning off that portion of my brain that wanted me to feel “bad” about what I was doing.
All those years I was taught that because I was a woman I had to live my sexual life by a different set of rules that enslaved me to a code of conduct: Have sex, just not too much, don't enjoy sex too much or you'll look like a whore, but don't be a prude, don't have sex before marriage, definitely don't get pregnant, make sure your husband's wants and needs are fulfilled…
The list goes on and on. This list for me is beginning to fade. All those “standards” I felt as though I had to uphold are being stripped away thanks to swinging. I no longer feel a responsibility to sex, instead, I embrace those “vacation” moments I have with my partner or another play partner—those occasions when I can put away the toil of the day and be primal, when I grant myself permission to be me.
I hope those women who are out there sitting on the fence struggling with being honest with themselves about how they feel sexually, those women who so desperately want to say YES to who they are sexually, will find comfort in what I've learned. I hope those woman whose partners have brought up the topic of swinging will take the time to look into this viable relationship model. If you're anything like me, you'll enter swinging with a little trepidation, but you'll come out the other side stronger, more self assured, confident and more vested in the power of you!
Another threat to Urban Beekeeping in Auckland has been discovered, it will affect you!
Hi Everyone,
kiwimana got a call from an Auckland Beekeeper who found there was a submission to Auckland Council requesting Beekeeping/Apiaries/Bees be added as a “permitted activity” which would be added to the Unitary Plan (currently being consulted-on) in their Activity Table which appears to fall under the Resource Management Act (RMA).
WARNING!
This move would see the opening of restrictions, possibly with consent applications required, to have Beehives/Apiaries for Beekeepers in Urban areas! …it will even prevent some urban beekeepers from having hives altogether with a 200meter boundary restriction…and Outside urban limits? …permission required to keep any Bees which, in turn, may lead to the introduction of charges for consents and who knows whats next!
Currently the submission has been listed on a Summary Report with a decision to be made to add this change – We ask each of you to put in a “further” submission as we have to prevent this happening.
Act Now!
Please fellow Auckland Beekeepers, Gardeners and Orchardists please read and share the details of this submission as it will affect ALL in the Auckland Council area.
We believe we should be allowed to have Beehives anywhere in Auckland on our private land so as to continue to help Save the Bees!
DO NOTHING?! then…
Conclusion
If this submission is uncontested it will be approved, then it would effectively end urban Beekeeping in the Auckland region. So we urge you to read Mr. Sintons submission and submit a further submission. If you don't agree with his intention.
Bee Heard!
Auckland Council need to know that you are OPPOSED to this proposed change and that you request that the original submission be DISALLOWED and removed completely. Choose to speak to your submission individually – hopefully with large numbers opposing they will choose, like in the last attempt in 2012,the council decided that there were too many people to listen to and so they passed the removal of consent fees for private land-owners…yay!
To make your submission now
Fill in the form on this page:-
Sorry Submissions Have closed now
Well Done, you can make a difference!
Below will provide you with access to the Submission # 6716 Points 1, 2, 3. PLUS All the information you'll need to make a decision on making a “further” submission as an individual beekeeper.
Submission Details
Submission # 6716
Points: 1 and 2
Submitter Address: petesinton@townplanners.co.nz
Copy of Submission 6716
Our views are that, ‘for the greater good' that this submission should be disallowed due to the fact that Bees World-Wide, are under threat and to restrict any Beekeeping in any form will be detrimental to our efforts to the ‘help Save the Bees' movement here in New Zealand.
After reading the submission we understand that the reasoning used by the submitter is to ‘restrict' Bees in urban areas is due to, Bee Excrement.
We believe this reason does not justify such major change to the Activity Table and that local bylaws covers all ‘personal' issues/ concerns regarded as a nuisance by any resident in Auckland City.
First Hurdle already passed
Point 1: New ‘General' change in Activity Table which is listed in the AC “Summary Of Requested Decisions” Report.
Point 2: Proposed Permitted Use in Rural and Mixed Rural – adding to a NEW category – Activity Level 13.1 Bees and Apiaries.
This would mean all Beekeepers would need to apply for consent and with such an addition it may mean future cost beeing imposed on all Beekeepers in any area of Auckland.
*** This means hives will not be allowed within 200 meters or within a ‘Countryside Living' and ‘Urban Zones' in the new plan ***
kiwimana believe Beekeeping should be encouraged for any area or zoning, rural or urban, without restriction on private-land accepting that current bylaws already cover any concerns with the “nuisance” factor which is dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Our research shows that it appears this may-well be a submission driven from a neighbor-dispute which is currently active in the public arena also mentioned in NZ Gardener.
if you need Further information…
The Links below give all links to the Submission information and info to make a further submission on AC's SDR and The upcoming panel hearings.
Form – How-to Guide
The Auckland Council Unitary Plan web-page – about
Summary of Decision Requested Report
Information regarding ‘Further Submissions' pamphlet
Activity Table 13.1
Further Research found in Public Arena
The Auckland Unitary Independent Hearings Panel – who will hear further submissions and review.
All ‘Further Submissions' must be presented by 5.00pm on Tuesday 22 July 2014.
Sample Submission
See below:
Here is a copy of the “further submission” Margaret filled-out on the AC website using the on-line form.
Submitter details
Full name: Margaret Groot
Contact name if different from above: n/a
Organisation or company: n/a
Address for service of person making further submission:
Address: 165 Wairere Road
Suburb: Waitakere Township
Phone: (09) 8109965
Fax:
Email address:
Local board: none
Interest in the submission
I am(selected options)
A person representing a relevant aspect of the public interest; or
Grounds for saying that I come within the selected category are:
Honey Bees are under threat world-wide. Beekeepers already register apiaries through AsureQuality for MPI. The Original submission bases bee-excrement as justification for this change. Auckland Council in 2012 decided no fee nor consent required for private land. AC passed written consent required for beehives only on Public Land. At that time AC agreed that Bees were under threat, greater good encourages beekeeping. We ask, Can local government control bee excrement with this change?
Request to be heard in support of further submission:
I do wish to be heard in support of my further submission
If others make a similar submission, I will consider presenting a joint case with them at a hearing:
No
A) I support/oppose the original submission of:
OPPOSE
Original submitter name and address:
Name: Price Properties
Address: Petesinton@townplanner.co.nz
Suburb:
The particular parts of the original submission I support/oppose are:
OPPOSE
Submission number: 6716
Submission point: 1
Provision No. of the Proposed Auckland Unitary Plan:
Definitions
The reasons for my support/oppostion are:
I oppose any change to the Activity Level Table 13.1 – as local bylaws cover any beekeeping matters. Please refer “Point 2:Interest in the Submission” above for more reasons.
I seek that the whole/part of the original submission be allowed/disallowed:
Disallowed
Specify precise details:
The submitter states, “the reason for their views” include “…the excrement is a nuisance that is not acceptable in an urban area.” The whole of Submisson # 6716 should be rejected so as to continue encouraging beekeeping in any area/zone using bylaws to continue managing issues.
If you want to keep up to date with developments with this story and other Beekeeping news from New Zealand and around the world, please subscribe to our newsletter below.
We Can Do It!
It's the kiwimana buzz…
print
Liked it? Take a second to support kiwimana on Patreon!
Jolyon Palmer says he is working on two scenarios for 2016 as he continues to push for the Lotus seat vacated by the outgoing Romain Grosjean.
Palmer, the 2014 GP2 champion, has been Lotus reserve driver this season and replaced Grosjean at numerous FP1 sessions throughout the year. Grosjean's imminent departure to Haas F1 leaves a seat open alongside Pastor Maldonado at Lotus, which is still engaged in talks with Renault about a takeover for next season.
"Romain has confirmed he's leaving so there's a space and I'm wanting to be there and I'm pushing hard to be there," Palmer told F1i. "Obviously it's complicated with Renault and Lotus still and it depends a bit on movement on that side."
Lotus' possible takeover by French manufacturer has seen the outfit linked with former Toro Rosso driver Jean-Eric Vergne for 2016. Kevin Magnussen, recently dropped by McLaren, is the other man alongside Vergne and Palmer believed to be in the running for a seat.
With the team's future still uncertain Palmer hints that he is exploring another option and insists he will not settle for another year on the sidelines as a reserve or third driver.
"I'm working a bit on two scenarios really. You'd be brave to just wait and see what happens in most situations really! It's clear that I don't want to be a third driver next year, so I'm pushing really hard. I'm here anyway this year because I want to be racing next year, that was the whole plan from being GP2 champion.
"I've learned a lot this year, done a lot of driving even when the Fridays have been dieseled off or rained off! It has been good, I've learned a lot and I'm ready to step in so now I just need to make sure I can be the person that steps up and takes the seat."
Other than Lotus, Haas F1 (one seat) and Manor (both seats) are the only teams yet to confirm their full driver line-ups for 2016.
get someone's goat
To make someone annoyed or angry: “Gavin may seem unflappable, but I know a way to get his goat.” This expression comes from a tradition in horse racing. Thought to have a calming effect on high-strung thoroughbreds, a goat was placed in the horse's stall on the night before the race. Unscrupulous opponents would then steal the goat in an effort to upset the horse and cause it to lose the race. Show More
The New Dictionary of Cultural Literacy, Third Edition Copyright © 2005 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
Related Words for get someone's goat try, annoy, aggravate, exasperate, peeve, bother, burn, vex, nettle, pique, rile, irk, gall, provoke, bug
Idioms and Phrases with get someone's goat
get someone's goat
Annoy or anger someone, as in By teasing me about that article I wrote, he's trying to get my goat, but I won't let him. The origin of this expression is disputed. H.L. Mencken held it came from using a goat as a calming influence in a racehorse's stall and removing it just before the race, thereby making the horse nervous. However, there is no firm evidence for this origin. [c. 1900] Show More
The American Heritage® Idioms Dictionary Copyright © 2002, 2001, 1995 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company. Published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Publishing Company.
Samir Nasri says he is "pessimistic" over his World Cup chances with France
Samir Nasri: Pessimistic over his World Cup chances
Nasri was omitted from France's squad for the recent friendly with Holland to cast doubt over his chances of making Didier Deschamps' final selection for Brazil.
The 26-year-old's international career has been blighted by controversy as he was left out of the 2010 World Cup squad following a row with William Gallas and was then frozen out of Deschamps' plans for a period after being banned for three games following a clash with a journalist during Euro 2012.
Nasri is not too confident of regaining his place in the France squad in time to make the trip to Brazil.
"I want to wear this shirt but if I do not go to the World Cup it will make it two I have missed," Nasri told French television show Canal Football Club.
"At the moment I am rather pessimistic than optimistic so far. I was not part of the last friendly against the Netherlands and it was the last call before the World Cup group being named and I didn't get any explanation.
"But if I don't go to the World Cup, it will be because of my inadequate performances in the national team rather than my behaviour.
"In the 2010 World Cup, it was the biggest scandal of the French team and I was not part of it. But I can accept I have not been good in some matches with the French team, notably the first leg in Ukraine [in their World Cup play-off].
"You can ask any player, I never had any problem with any French team-mate.
"Deschamps? I asked for a talk with him, but it didn't happen so far. The day I will talk with him I will really know what I have been reproached for."
Ever head out on those long rides and have to plan your route around a convenience store stop just to fill your bottles? Or jump in a really hot cyclocross race where there are no handups allowed and your bike is sans cage?
Those are the problems Brian Davis had, so he decided to find a way to bring an extra bottle without any of the discomfort or annoyance of shoving a standard one in your jersey pocket. The BackBottle is an 18oz, recyclable and BPA-free wide mouth water bottle that uses a unique shape at the bottom with a flat side to keep it from rolling and rocking back and forth in your jersey. The flat side has grooves so air will flow between it and your back. So go on, back that thing up…
The BackBottle isn't the first creation from Davis designed to solve a problem. He's the inventor behind Fix It Sticks, a set of mini-tools that fit compactly into a pocket or saddle bag and can be switched between the bits you need so you're not carrying extra stuff. We're fans, particularly of the fixed T-handle shop version.
The bottle is 100% made in the USA and measures 8.5″ by 3″, just about the right size to stay snugly in a pocket while still being grippable and squeezable. It even has a “freeze below” line on the top so you don't overfill it and have it burst the top in the freezer. They're going on Kickstarter March 3, but are already available for pre-order at $10 or less depending on quantity on their website.
UPDATE: It's live on Kickstarter now.
Davis mentioned a couple other uses, all of which we've experienced: Short races where a pack is overkill, and those days when you're on your own at the races and don't have anyone to feed a bottle between laps. Been there, done that.
BackBottle.com
Seahawks fan rejoiced this week at the return of a fan favorite and a fan obsession. Michael Robinson waited patiently for his chance, and had himself prepared like a pro when opportunity presented itself. Percy Harvin has passed all tests thus far with flying colors and has managed to turn the late start to his Seahawks career into an early return. The fact that these two predominant members of the Seahawks return on the same week presents a perfect time to re-examine how the roles they play are more interconnected than most would see. When Marshawn Lynch joined the Seahawks three years ago, he came with a preference for doing things his way. He preferred one-back formations with no lead blocker. He would decide when to make one cut and go, and when to probe for an opening in the line. That eventually changed the week preceding the game in Dallas in 2011 when Lynch approached Tom Cable on his own, frustrated with the results so far, and the two men had a conversation that has changed the landscape of Seahawks football ever since. Lynch became much more committed to decisive cuts in the back-field and attacking the hole the play called for, even if there was not a clear opening. He had developed a friendship with Michael Robinson, and was now more willing to follow his lead blocker. In an NFL Network interview that featured both players, Lynch called Robinson “my eyes.” Robinson's unique bond with Lynch, as well as his status as a vocal leader on the team, made it surprising to many that he was cut before the year began. What most still do not understand is that the running game has changed again, and the role of a fullback, any fullback, just is not what it used to be. And it could be decreasing even more with Harvin's impending return. Robinson played 32% of the offensive snaps last year. That was less than part-time lineman like James Carpenter, John Moffitt and back-up tight end Anthony McCoy. Derrick Coleman, the man who replaced Robinson, has played in only 24% of the snaps this year. Kellen Davis, who only recently joined the team, has played in 21% of the snaps. So why the change? The read option became a part of the Seahawks offense late in the year. It was not a predominant part, but it was a meaningful chunk. There is no fullback in the read option. Use of the H-Back has increased. These are plays where either Zach Miller or Luke Willson line up in the back-field as a lead blocker, playing the fullback role. This gives the offense tons of flexibility, and the defense a lot to prepare for. Increasing use of 3 WR 1 TE 1 RB sets. Doug Baldwin has been the teams leading receiver, and Miller rarely leaves the field because of his value. Lynch clearly did not trust Coleman the way he trusted Robinson. There were multiple examples where he would completely ignore Coleman's lead and pick his own direction. Robinson will eliminate the fourth item on that list. This is a rare case where losing a starting player to injury may actually improve the team. Coleman has promise, but is not the player Robinson is, and definitely not the player Lynch trusts. Robinson will not have any impact on the first three items on the above list. Getting Willson and/or Baldwin on the field is a higher priority than getting Robinson out there. What it does mean is that when a fullback is called on, the play now has a higher probability of success. Now consider Percy Harvin. Nobody knows for sure how Seattle plans to use him, but there are some pretty good bets. Robinson, himself, actually spilled some beans on an interview with KJR's Mitch Levy a few weeks back when describing a split-back shotgun formation that would have Lynch on one side of Russell Wilson and Harvin on the other. That type of look would stress defenses in all sorts of interesting ways. Harvin can be used as a running back or a receiver. Lynch would mostly still be a runner, but has been used increasingly on screens. Harvin going out to the flat would pull at least one defender with him, leaving fewer players to bring down Lynch. Lynch threatening the middle of the field will make it hard for defenses to commit enough players wide to combat quick screens to Harvin or Golden Tate. That formation also allows for three additional receivers to be on the field. Baldwin could still be in the slot, with Harvin having the ability to motion into the opposite slot if they choose. Danny Kelly, over at Field Gulls, did a great look at this formation when it was used at the end of last year for Seattle. I recommend taking a look There is a strong chance that the team will implement more pistol formations as the season wears on as well. In particular, a Pistol Wing-T offense could be incredibly hard to defend with players like Wilson, Harvin, and Lynch involved. The video below will give you an idea of how that might look.
Imagine Harvin as the crosser on each play, threatening the defense horizontally while Lynch is always threatening vertically. That is exciting stuff, and unlike the read-option, not something other teams can replicate with anywhere near the same effect. There is only one Percy Harvin.
Harvin will take snaps from more than just Robinson. Baldwin, Willson, Miller, Robert Turbin and Jermaine Kearse could all see fewer snaps as the team incorporates more Harvin into the game plan.
It is always tempting to focus on the additions, and assume it will be like a math equation that looks something like:
Already Awesome + More Awesome = Super Duper Awesomeness!
I have fallen for that so many times, my expectations have changed. There have been a number of occasions where adding a new player to the mix, even a great player, can have a negative affect on team performance. The most stinging example of this for Seahawks fans was when Mike Holmgren took over in 1999 and led the team to a 6-2 start with star receiver Joey Galloway holding out. The team had been getting by with the like of Sean Dawkins and Derrick Mayes at receiver. Adding a true star like Galloway was sure to supercharge the team. Except, it did not. The Seahawks went 3-5 the rest of the way. Incorporating Galloway in the offense was a simple task. He ran fast and straight and Jon Kitna had to throw it to him. They had played together before. Yet, Holmgren has surmised that Kitna felt too compelled to involve Galloway, and stopped making decisions based on what the defense was giving him.
Harvin and Wilson have yet to play together, and the Seahawks certainly have more complex notions of how to take advantage of Harvin's multi-faceted talents than what Holmgren did with Galloway. Nobody here is suggesting this year's Seahawks are going to tank when Harvin returns. It would be wise, however, to expect it to take some time before the offense settles into a groove. Remember how bad the running game looked in week one when they tried a new approach. The best guess here is that the team will install bits here and there over the next week weeks, and then use the bye week to put in a chunk more.
Harvin did not want to be forgotten during rehab. His tweets roughly translated to, “I know they are 6-1, but don't forget about how important I am!” I will be watching and listening closely to see how he handles moments where he is not the focal point or the star. The team will get him touches, but whether it be enough to satisfy his ego remains to be seen. Judging the man is as much a part of evaluating and projecting what is to come as judging his talent.
What Harvin can do right away is relieve some of the pressure on Wilson and the offensive line. Harvin can take a short pass to the house. Having some quick outlet plays that get the ball in his hands, and reduces the time the line has to block is a no-brainer. The split-back shotgun formation is a great place to start with something like that.
So, as Seahawks fans welcome back Robinson with a big group hug, and prepare to be wowed by Harvin, these two men will impact the team in different ways. The more Harvin plays, the less Robinson will. Robinson immediately upgrades the running game with his blocking, relationship with Lynch, and short-yardage prowess. Harvin looks to be the hot fudge on an already delicious sundae. It will be fascinating to see how it unfolds.
The NDP is promising to restore $115 million to the CBC.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair made the election commitment in Montreal on Thursday.
Mulcair said the public broadcaster has been cut by both Liberal and Conservative governments and that an NDP government would commit to restoring the recent cuts made by the Conservatives in the 2012 budget.
That means increasing current funding to CBC/Radio-Canada by $115 million over three fiscal years in hopes it will allow the public broadcaster to evolve in a changing media landscape, Mulcair said.
Mulcair said both the French and English arms of the CBC had a big influence on his life and he grew up watching and listening to both.
"CBC has been my window to this great country," he said.
In April of last year, the CBC announced it would cut 657 jobs over two years to allow the organization deal with a $130-million budget shortfall. While cuts in the federal budget have affected the corporation's budget, losing the rights to broadcast NHL hockey to Rogers has also had a serious impact on the bottom line.
The NDP is also promising to put in place an independent process to name members of the CBC's board of directors. Mulcair accused the Conservatives of loading the board with donors and former candidates and said board members should have more expertise in the media world overall.
A spokesperson for the CBC said the broadcaster is continuing to implement is "A space for us all" strategy to deliver the best content and meet Canadians' shifting needs based on the budget it receives from Parliament.
"That said, however, as we repeatedly pointed out before the CRTC, due to the changes and disruptions currently affecting the industry at home and abroad, the current broadcasting business model is no longer viable," Julie Page wrote in an email to CBC News.
"Given how fast technology is changing, we believe it's now more vital than ever to have a strong public broadcaster."
The Prime Minister's Office said the CBC faces "challenges in this rapidly changing media environment to which no mainstream broadcaster is immune."
"The CBC's viewership has declined, despite getting more than $1 billion in direct subsidies every year from taxpayers. CBC is responsible for its own operations, and it is up to the CBC to provide programming that Canadians actually want to watch and listen to," a PMO spokesperson wrote in email to CBC News.
Warning: Story contains graphic images
Hidden in the heel of a shoe, thousands of photos of detainees who died while in the custody of President Bashar Assad's security apparatus were smuggled out of Syria two years ago by a military defector code-named Caesar.
An investigation into those images, released Wednesday, has concluded they are proof that prisoners have been tortured, starved and beaten “in a systematic way and on a massive scale” at Syrian government detention centres.
“We have meticulously verified dozens of stories and we are confident the Caesar photographs present authentic and damning evidence of crimes against humanity in Syria,” said Nadim Houry, deputy Middle East director of Human Rights Watch.
The digital photos are a grim catalogue of the fates of 6,786 Syrians — among them pro-democracy demonstrators, student activists and about 100 boys — who were taken into custody by military intelligence between 2011 and 2013.
They offer a glimpse of the crimes of Syria's notorious state security machine, which operates largely in secrecy, in contrast to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which broadcasts its atrocities in online propaganda videos.
Caesar was a crime scene photographer for the Syrian military police, but after the civil war started he was tasked with taking pictures of deceased detainees as part of a record-keeping effort that appears designed to hide the regime's victims in plain sight.
Instead of dumping bodies in mass graves that could later be used as evidence of war crimes, the regime photographed every dead captive, assigned them numbers and had doctors concoct fake causes of death so they could one day be accounted for.
Although their families knew only that they were missing, Caesar saw through his camera lens the signs of torture on their bodies — the broken teeth, gouged-out eyes, burns and marks left by lashings with car battery jumper cables.
‘I have never in my life seen pictures of bodies that were subjected to such criminality, except when I saw the pictures of the Nazi regime'
“I have never in my life seen pictures of bodies that were subjected to such criminality, except when I saw the pictures of the Nazi regime,” he testified to the U.S. Congress. “My work ethic, my morals, my religion did not allow me to be quiet.”
Instead of fleeing right away, Caesar began a risky spy operation. When he was alone at the office, he would copy the images onto portable USB sticks, which he hid in the heel of his shoe or tucked into his belt until he could pass them to a friend.
“We wanted to get these photos out so that the dead people's families would know that their loved ones had passed away,” he told The Guardian. “People had to know what was going on in the prisons and detention centres.”
By the time he defected in August 2013, Caesar had smuggled out more than 53,000 images. They were given to the opposition Syrian National Movement, which shared them with human rights investigators. The UN Security Council has also viewed them.
“These photographs represent just a fraction of people who have died while in Syrian government custody — thousands more are suffering the same fate,” said Houry, calling on Syrian intelligence to stop the disappearances.
Physicians for Human Rights experts who analyzed some of the photos found “evidence of violent blunt force trauma, suffocation, starvation” and gunshot wounds, the report said. “Many of the photographs show emaciated bodies as well as marks of torture.”
Researchers were able to identify 27 of those in the photos and document their arrests by Syrian intelligence. They included Rehab al-Allawi, a Damascus University engineering student activist who helped civilians fleeing Homs.
After she was arrested on January 17, 2013 by a military police unit called the Raids Brigade, her family paid more than US$18,000 to Syrian officials to secure her release before being informed she had died of a “stroke.”
But they were later told she was still alive. A military officer wanted $90,000 to arrange her release. Her family paid a middleman in Istanbul and was informed al-Allawi was in Lebanon. Caesar's photo of the 25-year-old put the matter to rest. In the picture, a length of tape stuck to her forehead reads “215 Branch,” the name of a military intelligence unit known as the “Branch of Death.”
National Post
• Email: sbell@nationalpost.com | Twitter: StewartBellNP
Women of all ages, races, ethnic backgrounds and education levels — and in almost every line of work — earned less than men, according to a report issued Tuesday by the American Association of University Women.
Women in the USA earned 77% of what men earned in 2010, says the report from AAUW, which has advocated for pay equity since 1913. Tuesday was Equal Pay Day, which was started in 1996 by the National Committee on Pay Equity to call attention to the gap between men's and women's wages.
The report says that in 2010, women's annual median earnings were $36,931, compared with $47,715 for men.
"Women and people of color don't choose to earn less," said Dana Schultz, Wisconsin state director of the 9to5 women's advocacy group. "Many factors contribute to the over-representation of women in undervalued, underpaid occupations."
The American Association of University Women used national and state Census data to determine 2010 annual median earnings for full-time workers older than 16.
According to the report:
•The gender pay gap was smallest in Washington, D.C., where full-time working women earned 91% of what men earned. Vermont and California tied for second, where women earned 84% of what men did.
•The largest disparities were in Wyoming, where women earned 64% of what men did, and Louisiana, where they earned 67%.
•The gap in median weekly income was largest for Hispanic and Latina women, who earned only 61% of what white men earn, on average.
•Median weekly income for black women was 70% of what it was for white men.
•The pay gap was smallest for Asian-American women, whose weekly median income was 88% of the weekly median income for white men.
•The weekly gender pay gap was smaller within racial and ethnic groups than it was when comparing minority women to white men. That's because "African-American, Hispanic and Latino men, on average, earned substantially less than white men in 2011," the report says.
One-third of working women are their family's breadwinner, which the report says makes equal pay a family issue.
"Now, it's often that it's women's work holding families together," Schultz said.
"Now is the worst time in a tight economy to cut women's pay and deny them the kind of fairness they deserve," she said.
A/N: Now before you say anything, yes this is a shorter chapter. That is all.
Chapter 6: Tastes like Quiet
"And that's the gist of it." Kaneki had changed out of his battle suit and was boarding an airship back to Mistral, and on the phone. On the other end was a certain pyrofile "I'll write up a full report when I get back. Anything you want to update me with?"
"Mercury's back from Atlas." Cinder told him. "He was successful in his mission."
"I would expect so." Kaneki took a seat as the airship took off. "And how's Emerald?"
"House sitting for you." Cinder informed. "I'm pretty sure she wasn't asked to though."
"Eh, I can appreciate the thought. Though I am slightly worried that she's eaten all my food."
"Emerald isn't really the Gluttonous type." Cinder remarks. "Or the cannibalistic type, though it's not my place to pry."
"I can't see that either." The ghoul sighs. "Well, I guess that's a good thing. I don't endorse cannibalism."
"I know you don't." She did, now that Kaneki thought about it. "Which is why you won't like what I have to say next."
"Oh wonderful." Kaneki's mood suddenly dampened. "What are you doing?"
"I want more ghouls." The ghoul was silent for a few moments. "I can also think of several ways to on how to make them
"I'm confused by two things here." He stated. "One: How that is in any way a smart thing to, and two: Where exactly are you going to find people willing to become monsters?"
"I've already found some possible candidates. Cannibals." Kaneki's free hand found itself covering his face. "I'm surprised you didn't figure it out."
"As am I." The ghoul muttered, removing his hand from his face and popping his index finger. People nearby shivered at the sound, the faunus more so. "Why is it that faunus act so strange around me?" He asked himself.
"If I were to guess." The pyrofile's voice startled him back into conversation. "It has something to do with your lack of aura. Sentient beings aren't normally associated with not having a soul."
"Wow, I am sounding more like grimm every week." Kaneki mused. "I keep joking about it but the similarities are becoming uncanny."
"There are ways of producing artificial aura." Cinder consoled. "It's all currently top secret but the Atlesian army does have a few interesting toys. I'll see if I can find you some. That should solve your problem."
"Thank you." Kaneki looked forward, gazing out of the window opposite him. "So, I completed my mission, what's next for me?"
"Your first actual mission is a few months from now." Cinder said. "An SDC freighter will dock in Vale. Roman Torchwick will be overseeing the acquisition of it's contents. I want you to act as bodyguard, seeing as his last one ended up dead recently." The ghoul yawned quietly. "He's looking for a good enough replacement but he won't be able to find one in time."
"I know I shouldn't be complaining about a job, but couldn't you have anyone besides me do it?"
"Emerald has a mission that will end around the same time your one starts. And Mercury still needs to recuperate." Cinder tone only changed slightly, but there was definite irritation. "Look, do the job well, and you'll get a big reward. I'll even let you choose what you wan-"
"I want a coffee shop."
"What?"
"Let's be honest, if these cannibals you talked about do accept and become ghouls you plan on pushing them onto me." Cinder was silent. "I wanted to return to Anteiku. Anteiku is what saved me, and Anteiku is what gave me the strength to fight." Kaneki inspected his hand. "These new ghouls are going to need something like that.
They're going to need help, in any way possible."
Cinder sat in a large, clean hotel room. The white carpet underneath her feet was thick and comforting. In fact, the entire room was almost completely monotone, save for a few minimalist paintings that were spread sparsely across across the walls. Her goal meant she didn't really stay one place for fear of being caught. So in the end, it became easier to stay in hotels across Mistral. This particular one was among her favourites.
She sat on the edge her king-sized bed, covered in black silk sheets, as she processed what the ghoul had just asked of her.
His perceptiveness caught her off-guard when it really shouldn't have. He was right, after all. He was the one with the experience. And even if she did too, she was already busy enough with Mercury and Emerald. The only person who could really be capable of keeping the ghouls under control would be Kaneki.
Then there was his request.
"I'll consider it. Now go rest up." She closed the call and threw a scroll behind her, stretching her arms.
'They're going to need help, in any way possible.'
Her thoughts drifted to the ghoul's memories. But not to that monster Yamori or that strangely familiar Investigator. No, she thought of Anteiku.
She didn't confuse his memories for her own. She knew better than that. What she really thought about was the effect that coffee shop had on the ghoul.
'Anteiku is what saved me, and Anteiku is what gave me the strength to fight.'
The empathy she was feeling was way very distracting, especially considering she shouldn't be feeling it.
Turning her thoughts away from that, a coffee shop wouldn't be difficult to get. And if it helped with training the cannibals on actually living as ghouls, it would be easily worth the cost. I may even be a decent source of funding for the ghoul, meaning she could focus more money into her plan There was no real reason not to allow it. Kaneki could enjoy a few things
Besides, his coffee was good.
"What did you do?" Emerald was currently blocking the door of Kaneki's apartment, fear clearly written across her face. The question was simple and obvious: What happened?
"Nothing!" She piped up, straining to keep the door closed as the ghoul 'gently' pulled on the handle. "Nothing at all!"
"Well then, you should have no problem letting me in, shouldn't you?" The thief squirmed as she tried to dig her feet into the ground even more than she had been already.
"So there might be a small problem." She admitted.
"'Might'. What an interesting way of saying 'is'." Kaneki didn't look impressed. You have five seconds before I start opening this door." The thief bolted away from the door for fear of getting flung into a wall. She immediately regretted her decision as the ghoul walked into his apartment. Rushing in after him revealed he was in the living room, staring at the...problem. "You know, not only do I not own a gaming console, I also do not own a broken TV." The thief winced at the lack of anger the ghoul exhibited as he continued staring at the busted screen.
"It was an accident, really!" She blurted. "A nevermore got in through the window and I may have missed the first shot." Kaneki's lack of any emotion was terrifying her more than anything. He pinched the bridged of his nose, letting out a long sigh.
Before he could say anything about the matter, Emerald's scrolled received a text. Scanning the screen, the thief let out a sigh of her own. "That was Cinder." She told the ghoul. "I really have to go and see her. I'm sorry about the TV, I'll pay you back soon." Emerald left at a pace slightly faster than normal. Kaneki nodded curtly never taking an eye off the television.
He left the room, entering his own dark blue bedroom. It held a basic single bed, a bookshelf, a desk and a swivel chair to go with it. Taking a seat, the ghoul enlarged his scroll and began writing a full report of what had occurred at Beacon Academy.
Upon finishing the report, the ghoul let out a loud yawn, stretching his arms. He then paused, an epiphany all but smacking him in the face. Leaving the room briefly to fetch a piece of paper and a pencil. Returning to his chair, he quickly began drawing large, complex complex symbols. He nodded at the sight:
静かな夢
Shizukana Yume.
A/N:Before you ask what that means, let me say it will be revealed in a later chapter. I've also put a hint somewhere in this chapter, so there's that.
Oh god it keeps looking like I'm shipping Cinder/Kaneki. There's gotta be a better way of writing this that I'm not seeing.
One last thing: yes, shit's about to go down.
Hope you can join me for it. 'Till next time.
A Texas family law judge who was videotaped beating his cerebal-palsy-stricken daughter with a belt is being investigated today by police.
Judge William Adams, who has ruled on child abuse cases throughout his career, is seen in a webcam video from 2004 beating his daughter with a belt and cursing at her for close to 10 minutes. The daughter, Hillery Adams, secretely taped the encounter, but only recently uploaded it to YouTube and the social sharing site Reddit.
"Judge William Adams took a belt to his own teenage daughter as punishment for using the internet to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time," Hillary Adams, now 23, wrote in the text accompanying the video.
Hillary Adams was 16 when the video was made, and, as a lifelong sufferer of cerebral palsy, said she had a passion for technology that her father detested. She said she received the beating for using her computer when she was forbidden from doing so.
The video went viral on Reddit, racking up more than 500,000 views since it was first uploaded Oct. 27, and inspiring the wrath of the community of readers there, who posted his home address, phone number, and workplace contact information.
Readers reportedly began sending pizzas to the judge's home all through the night after it was posted and encouraged viewers from all over the country to call the police, sheriff, and judicial departments of Aransas County to demand an investigation.
Video of Judge Beating Daughter Goes Viral
Today, Aransas County Court, which employed the judge, said the matter is now under investigation by police. The court confirmed that the man in the video was William Adams.
"My father's harassment was getting really bad, so I decided to finally publish the video that I had been sitting on for seven years," Hillary Adams told ABC News affiliate KXTV.
"It had happened before, and had been escalating," Adams said. "I set up a camera, and I caught it."
Judge Adams also spoke to the news station, claiming that "it's not as bad as it looks on tape."
"It happened years ago.. I apologized," he told the station.
The judge also said he has notified the state's Commission on Judicial Conduct, which investigates and prosecutes allegations of misconduct by judges in Texas. Adams said that "more will come out" during the investigation.
Hillary Adams has since Tweeted about the explosion of attention the video has received, asking her supporters not to hate her father, but instead to try and get her father to seek help.
"It is my wish that people stop threatening my father and start offering professional help. That is what he really needs," she wrote. "I'm feeling some regret for publishing the video because to ruin my own father is heavy indeed. But I really want him to seek help."
A Facebook page opposing the judge's re-election has also been established.
Calls to Judge Adams' office went unreturned. Efforts to contact Hillary Adams also went unreturned.
(Image: Riot Games)
“I'm trying to stop playing Lee Sin as much as possible,” laughs Lee “Rush” Yoon-Jae. “He's been overrated since Season 3.”
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Cloud9's star jungler and preeminent North American Lee Sin player doesn't believe that the Blind Monk is particularly good right now. And yet, he continues to play him. Like a forlorn lover, no matter how hard he tries to leave Lee, he keeps on coming back.
As Yahoo Esports spoke to many of the most well-respected Lee Sin players in the NA LCS, that notion kept popping up. Lee Sin isn't seen as a strong, meta-worthy champion. There are champions that do what he does, but better. And yet, the likes of Rush, Svenskeren, and Dardoch keep playing him. What is going on here?
(Image: Lolesports/Riot Games)
Mind over meta
As one of the most mechanically difficult champions in League of Legends, Lee Sin is something of an odd duck when it comes to competitive play. Much like his support counterpart Thresh, he's consistently played at the highest level of professional League of Legends, despite being considered weaker than the vast majority of the other champions in their role.
“[Lee Sin] was never that viable in competitive,” says longtime Lee Sin player and Team SoloMid jungler Dennis “Svenskeren” Johnson. “Stuff like Gragas takes so much less effort to be good at, and you can do the same things.”
Team Liquid jungler Joshua “Dardoch” Hartnett is on the same page.
Story continues
“His jungle clear isn't that good,” he said. “His 1v1 potential is really weak. If people actually look at the numbers, champions like Kindred or Elise will just straight up beat him. People have this fixation that he's a guy that, at level 3, will just destroy you. His Q does like 58 damage at level 1. It's not going to kill you. Lee's 1v1 potential is super overrated. It's just that, if you're really good at him, you make him look like he's the best champion in the game.”
And really, that's the key to Lee Sin on the competitive stage. Anything less than the highest skill on the champion renders him a liability. But those who can play him, will.
(Image: Lolesports/Riot Games)
Making the plays
Despite his immense utility, Dardoch says that there's no way to take full advantage of Lee Sin without putting significant time into practicing him. Like, more than 1,000 games' worth of practice.
“I only recently got as good as I am now,” he told Yahoo Esports. “It probably took me 1,500 games on him alone to get even as good as I am.”
“You learn new tricks all the time,” he continued. “In Season 3, the hardest thing to do was ward jump and kick. In Season 4, you learn the kick-Flash. There are so many variables to playing Lee. For example, if I'm playing against a Morgana, I have to ward to the side before I Flash behind to kick them. You have to put in a lot of games to figure out what you have to do to pull off the stunts that you need to be a high-level Lee Sin player.”
(Image: Lolesports/Riot Games)
Whether it's a basic ward hop or the now-famous inSec kick, pro players need to master every trick up Lee Sin's sleeve to play him effectively.
But once a player manages to get to that level, it's hard to overstate the impact Lee Sin can have on the map.
“I pick him because of his utility, not because of his damage,” says Rush. “He's pretty good at snowballing and forcing fights. Unless you're Gragas with Flash, most junglers aren't great at starting fights. Elise can't really force a fight, but Lee Sin can. He's got a lot of abilities to do that. He's pretty good at catching enemies' mistakes.”
It seems that we won't stop seeing Lee Sin roaming around any time soon.
(Image: Lolesports/Riot Games)
The nonbelievers
That is, unless you're Kim “Reignover” Yeu-Jin. Having never played Lee Sin in either LCS region, the Immortals jungler gives off the vibe that he just doesn't know how, at least to most Western audiences.
But according to Reignover, that's not the case.
“I was a one-trick Lee Sin player when I first became a pro player in the LCK,” he told Yahoo Esports.
Despite his reputation as a solo queue star, once he hit the professional stage, he struggled. He earned himself the nickname “Gameover,” in a (perhaps unfair) reference to his reputation for losing games for Incredible Miracle. Often, those losses would come on Lee Sin.
“I failed a lot, sometimes because of me, sometimes because of my team,” he said. “I lost a lot of confidence on him, and when you lose confidence on Lee Sin, you play really badly.”
There wasn't much of an excuse to pick him back up later, either.
“After I moved to Fnatic, Lee Sin was not on meta. No one was playing him, so I didn't play him either. Basically, I lost a lot of skills on Lee Sin.”
And for now, he thinks there's not really much of a reason to pick him back up.
“I'm still playing with Huni, so I have to play tanks,” he said, smiling. “Even though I want to play carry champions, my position is to be a tank, you know? Lee Sin doesn't fit our team because of all our carries.”
(Image: Lolesports/Riot Games)
That's really the key for Lee Sin. He doesn't always fit, and when he does, he's got to be guided by a master. He's a weak pick, right up until the point where someone who has put in their time with him takes the reins. He'll always be played, and those who succeed will always be considered some of the best players in the world.
Taylor Cocke's support main mechanics can't handle the likes of Lee Sin. But if he ever tries, you can follow his antics over on Twitter @taylorcocke.
MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JULY 13: Manager Bert Blyleven of the World Team looks on during batting practice prior to the SiriusXM All-Star Futures Game against the U.S. Team at Target Field on July 13, 2014 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Hannah Foslien/Getty Images) MINNEAPOLIS, MN - JULY 13: Manager Bert Blyleven of the World Team looks on during batting practice prior to the SiriusXM All-Star Futures Game against the U.S. Team at Target Field on July 13, 2014 in Minneapolis, Minnesota. (Photo by Hannah Foslien/Getty Images)
By Evan Jankens
Former MLB journeyman and Hall of Famer Bert Blyleven, now an analyst for the Minnesota Twins, did not do himself any favors with Detroit fans during the rain delay before Thursday's game between the Twins and the Tigers.
The game was delayed by more than three hours, and Blyleven decided to use the time to talk trash about Detroit.
He started off by getting the game time wrong.
If they are starting this game at 3:45, 22 minutes from now, EST! Don't you think they have taken the tarp off? pic.twitter.com/jUcM4DBhn0 — Bert Blyleven (@BertBlyleven28) April 9, 2015
From there he corrected himself and took a shot at Detroit: “Maybe they meant 4:45? It is the best I have seen downtown Detroit though! Thank you low clouds!”
Maybe they meant 4:45? It is the best I have seen downtown Detroit though! Thank you low clouds! pic.twitter.com/QDLGCuSeQp — Bert Blyleven (@BertBlyleven28) April 9, 2015
Okay, so he took at shot at the Detroit skyline. Maybe in his next tweet he would apologize? Nope. He decided to pile on instead.
Guess I ruffled some feathers with my last tweet about download Detroit! Guess all you that responded haven't seen how ugly your downtown is — Bert Blyleven (@BertBlyleven28) April 9, 2015
Fans did not find his comments amusing.
@BertBlyleven28 I guess you haven't seen how ugly your personality is ¯_(ツ)_/¯ — Shannon (@shan_cake) April 9, 2015
@BertBlyleven28 DO YOU NOT REALIZE YOU PLAYED HERE. THIS PICTURE IS NEXT TO THE WORD UGLY IN A DICTIONARY pic.twitter.com/GPDz7piYax — Detroit Tigers Fans (@DTigersFanss) April 9, 2015
@BertBlyleven28 @mkt32296 It isn't as ugly as the Twins rotation, at least. — Zane Harding (@ZaneAHarding) April 9, 2015
Following the barrage of angry Tweets, Jeff Riger of 97.1 The Ticket approached Blyleven and asked if he stood by what he said.
With an expletive not fit for print, Blyleven told Riger that fans should do something to themselves that is anatomically impossible and had to take it because “the city's ugly.” Riger says it is unclear whether Blyleven was joking.
Blyleven pitched in the majors for 22 seasons for five different teams.
The Twins and Fox Sports North issued a joint statement about Blyleven's tweets.
“The Minnesota Twins and Fox Sports North were disappointed with Bert Blyleven's comments on social media earlier today regarding the city of Detroit,” the statement read. “His attempt at humor during the rain delay certainly missed the mark and in no way is reflective of the Twins and Fox Sports North's collective respect for the city of Detroit and the Detroit Tigers organization.”
President-elect Donald Trump has announced plans to create “complete American energy independence” and ban Saudi Arabian oil from the U.S. market – and the Saudis have begun to panic.
Imagine making the world's largest oil exporter sweat it out.
That's exactly what Donald Trump is doing. The president-elect has said repeatedly that the U.S. needs to ban all oil imports from Saudi Arabia.
During his campaign Trump vowed to secure U.S. energy independence from “our foes and the oil cartels,” and predictably the Saudis, major donors to the Clinton campaign, aren't happy with the way things are going.
On Wednesday Saudi oil minister Khalid Al-Falih warned Trump that banning Saudi oil could “seriously damage” the U.S. economy. “At his heart President-elect Trump will see the benefits and I think the oil industry will also be advising him accordingly that blocking trade in any product is not healthy,” Saudi Energy Minister and Aramco chairman Khalid Al-Falih told the Financial Times.
But the Saudi energy minister's threats of serious damage to the American economy don't add up. When it comes to oil production in 2016, the U.S. is right behind Saudi Arabia. There is simply no need for the U.S. to import oil and prop up a repressive regime that was exposed by WikiLeaks as providers of “financial and logistical support” for ISIS.
Major oil and gas discovery in Texas
The Saudi oil minister's threats of economic damage to the U.S. were further undermined yesterday when the U.S. Geological Survey announced that a deposit in West Texas is the largest continuous oil and gas deposit ever discovered in the United States.
On Tuesday, the USGS announced that an area known as the Wolfcamp shale contains 20 billion barrels of oil and 16 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. That is nearly three times more petroleum than the agency found in North Dakota's Bakken shale in 2013.
As NPR's Jeff Brady reported, the amount of oil in the Wolfcamp shale formation is nearly three times the amount of petroleum products used by the entire country in a year.
Trump's plans for complete energy independence are achievable and will be a major boost to the U.S. economy. The only economy that will be “seriously damaged” belongs to the Saudis.
Canberra primary school makes bike riding part of the curriculum
Updated
Learning to ride a bike will be part of the curriculum for year five and six students at Curtin Primary School, with the introduction of a new program to give kids confidence on a bike.
The initiative, Ride or Walk to School, is designed to get kids moving for at least 60 minutes each day.
Anyone can ride a bike fast, but it's really tricky to learn how to control a bike and learn how to multi-task and be aware of the surroundings when riding. Hugh Peoples, Ride or Walk to School program coordinator
More than 50 Canberra schools are already part of the three-year program run by the ACT Government-funded Physical Activity Foundation.
Students learn road and pedestrian safety, and bike maintenance skills.
Coordinator for the program at Curtin Primary School, Hugh Peoples said the students would learn the skills to confidently ride to and from school.
"Bikes are going to be a very important part of our PE program for the rest of the year for the whole of year five and six," he said.
"Anyone can ride a bike fast, but it's really tricky to learn how to control a bike and learn how to multi-task and be aware of the surroundings when riding."
Curtin Primary School and schools registered with the program were given 15 new bikes and bike helmets to ensure all students had the opportunity to learn to ride a bike.
As well as encouraging students who live near the school to walk or ride, teachers at Curtin Primary School plan to establish a riding club where parents can be involved in group rides.
"We'll also be trying to engage those kids who aren't [easily engaged] in the classroom, to use their hands to help maintain and fix the bikes," Mr Peoples said.
Year six student at Curtin Primary School Elenor Parkinson said riding to school was a relaxing way to start the day.
"It calms you before you go to school and refreshes you," she said.
"When you ride, it's sort of like being in your own little bubble, distant from the rest of the world.
"It's a really good thing to do before coming to school where you have children rushing around everywhere and going into class."
Curtin Primary School had already successfully encouraged students and families to use the commute to school as an exercise opportunity.
"Originally we had about 15 to 25 per cent riding to school last year and it's up to around 40 per cent if not more riding to school on a daily basis," Mr Peoples said.
Topics: primary-schools, cycling, exercise-and-fitness, canberra-2600
First posted
A news report says the cricketer has bought a luxurious sky bungalow in South Mumbai's Worli locality for a whopping Rs 34 crore, 22 kms away from his girlfriend's Versova residence. According to the Economic Times report, the Arjuna Award winner has bought a 7,171-sq-ft sea-view apartment on 35th floor of tower C of realty developer Omkar Realtors & Developers' residential project Omkar 1973.One of the luxury pads in the tower also will be home to his friend and teammate Yuvraj Singh who has bought one on the 29floor.The tower C, most luxurious of total three towers in the project, will also be home to cricketer Yuvraj Singh, who bought a similar configuration apartment on 29th floor in The report adds that Kohli's luxury pad will be a bare-shell open sky bungalow that will be customized as per his taste later.Last August, opening batsman Rohit Sharma had bought a luxury four-bedroom sea-facing apartment in Ahuja Towers, Worli for a whopping 30 crore. READ MORE
George Whittell, Jr., was born in San Francisco on September 28, 1881, to George Whittell, Sr., and Anna Luning Whittell. One of twins, George Jr.'s brother, Nicholas, died at the age of three of diptheria. Born into great wealth, Whittell barreled through life at full-throttle, collecting exotic animals, elegant automobiles and boats, beautiful women, contentious lawsuits and more than 20 miles of Lake Tahoe's Nevada shoreline along the way. He was one of the more notorious playboys of California and Nevada, indulging in a succession of marriages and liaisons that fueled the region's gossip mills. A recluse in his later years, Whittell shunned publicity, and, in doing so, inspired speculation about his every move. By the time of his death in 1969, he had become the stuff of legend.
George's two immigrant grandfathers shrewdly exploited Gold Rush opportunities, laying the foundation for a financial empire. Hugh Whittell immigrated to America from Ireland in 1828 and came west on a steamship from his home in New York in 1849 following the discovery of gold in California. Nicholas Luning also arrived in San Francisco in 1849 and both quickly tapped into the vibrant economy. Hugh "grubstaked" the miners, doing well on his investments in mining claims. Nicholas opened a bank which specialized in loans to merchants facing financial emergencies. Both invested heavily in San Francisco real estate. Luning also represented the Crocker and Flood families in their rail and land dealings and helped found the San Francisco Water Company, precursor of the company known today as Pacific Gas and Electric.
The Whittell and Luning fortunes were brought together in 1879 with the marriage of Hugh's son, George, and Nicholas' daughter, Anna. Upon her father's death in 1890, Anna Luning Whittell inherited over $9 million, enabling her husband George to continue the creation of his own financial empire of real estate and railroads. A shrewd investor in his own right, the elder George Whittell was also cutthroat business manager and became a master of the 19th century's gilded art of manipulation.
Shortly after George, Jr., was born his parents built a showplace mansion on San Francisco's Nob Hill. He attended high school there but following graduation he initially refused the college education his parents felt was so important. He left home instead to join the Barnum and Bailey Circus, without his parents' approval. While there George used the rather substantial allowance provided by his wealthy family to stage a series of trips to Africa to capture wild animals for the circus. It was during these experiences with the circus and in Africa that George developed a lifelong passion for wild animals, particularly the big cats. George, at the insistence of his mother, eventually returned to the rarified airs of Nob Hill after a few years.
Upon Junior's return to San Francisco he continued a penchant for self-indulgence and began an unflattering habit of embarrassing his parents. In 1903, after George, Sr., and Anna had arranged a marriage for their twenty-one year old son to the daughter of another prominent San Francisco couple, he shocked them by eloping with a chorus girl. Whittell, Sr., felt compelled to pay sufficient money to county officials and the bride to annul the inappropriate match, silence all involved and clear the record. To the parents' dismay the cover-up failed and the incident exploded into a public scandal. George's taste for unsuitable women continued when he fell in love with dancer and actress Josephine Cunningham, a member of a well-known stage group. Despite his parents' disapproval and their best attempts to thwart the romance, George and Josie were married, again shocking San Francisco high society. A temporary halt to his allowance, his roving eye and reputation as a playboy soon brought his second marriage to an end. Josie Cunningham went on to appear in over 60 Hollywood movies as a character actress.
In 1922, George's father died, leaving the 40-year old an inheritance worth roughly $30 million, the equivalent of well over $400 million in today's dollars. He managed his investments wisely, growing his fortune throughout the "Roaring Twenties". Perhaps his shrewdest move, however, was to liquidate about $50 million in stock holdings in early 1929, thereby insulating himself from (and, some say, helping precipitate) the crash of the stock market in October of that year. Following the economic collapse George was one of the wealthiest men in California.
Also in 1929, George began a love affair with the fastest, most elegant passenger car of the day, the Duesenberg - ordering not one, but two, of the expensive, custom-built automobiles. He would eventually own five. In another pivotal event that year, George's ex-wife Josie gave him a lion cub, who he named Bill. The lion became George's closest friend and companion, traveling with the millionaire everywhere he went, including nightclubs and eventually the Thunderbird Lodge. Bill particularly enjoyed his rides in George's Murphy convertible roadster, perching his chin or paws on the windshield, mane flying in the breeze.
In the early 1930's George formed a Nevada-based business to manage certain investments and established an official residence in Reno to help him avoid the rapidly increasing California income and estate taxes. There he heard of some property at Lake Tahoe being offered for sale by the Carson & Tahoe Lumber and Fluming Company and other landholders who had not fared well in the stock market crash. Eventually Whittell acquired from them over 40,000 acres of land on the Nevada side of the lake, including more than 25 miles of the shoreline.
Though he originally planned several large developments at Lake Tahoe, including casinos at Sand Harbor and Zephyr Cove, his first priority was a summer retreat for himself. Construction of that lakefront estate, the Thunderbird Lodge, began in 1936 and was completed in 1939, along with the fabulous yacht,, commissioned by George specifically to get him to and from the Lodge. At that time in his life, however, George was growing somewhat reclusive and after spending several summers at Lake Tahoe, began to value his privacy more and more. The estate included a 600' long tunnel just to permit George to move from the Boathouse to the main residence without being seen. He abandoned plans for the commercial developments, withdrew from the Tahoe community and was rarely seen, preferring the seclusion of his miles of undeveloped shoreline. Elia, with whom his marriage had evolved into one of convenience, considered the Thunderbird Lodge far too rustic for her tastes. When George headed off to Tahoe from their Woodside estate for the summer, Elia would go to Paris to spend time with her friends and family.
In his sixties, Whittell's fondness for animals increased and his toleration of people waned. From his private zoo at Woodside he brought his favorite four-legged friends to Tahoe for the summer, including Mingo, the elephant. He did maintain a small group of associates who joined him at the Thunderbird Lodge for high stakes card games and all-night drinking parties, but otherwise remained elusive, much preferring the companionship of his animals. The Card House, built especially for his poker games, hosted the likes of baseball legend Ty Cobb and purportedly fellow recluse Howard Hughes.
In his seventies, Whittell suffered a broken leg when one of his lions fell on him and refused surgery to repair the severely fractured bone. As a result he spent the last decade of his life confined to a wheelchair. George and Elia would spend weekends together at Woodside when they were not in Tahoe or Paris, but the elderly tycoon preferred long hours at the Thunderbird Lodge simply gazing out at the lake or in the company of more than 40 birds, mostly chatty mynahs, in the aviary constructed on the front porch of the residence.
Following his death on April 18, 1969 at the age of 87, George Whittell left quite a legacy, particularly in public lands at Lake Tahoe and bequests to animal rights organizations. His remains were interred in the family crypt at Cypress Lawn Memorial Park in Colma, California. Flamboyant to the end, Whittell requested that he be buried in his favorite ermine coat.
Much of the above information is taken from the publication "Castle in the Sky", courtesy of Ronald and Susan James. To purchase this elegant and informative book online, click here.
Should You Get Wear? Wearer's Practical Observations
Wear is said to not offer enough for mass adoption, even though its been in the market for over 9 months. I personally have a Gear Live which I purchased 8 months ago, and my experience with it has had its ups and downs throughout my time with it. For the longest time, I was not able to recommend the platform to anyone. Since then, a lot of updates have hit Wear watches, some improving battery life, others changing the look of the platform, and a few adding much-needed interfaced refinements. Now I can recommend it, but not to just about everyone yet…
In this editorial I want to explore the reasons why you might want to buy Wear, based on my experience. I hope to touch on practical details that normal reviews don't usually tell you about, and things I wish I had known before committing to the purchase. Let's get started.
First of all, the bad things about Wear are mostly the way the platform is designed. At first, the card stack approach for notifications seems brilliant, and the vibrant and colorful touchscreens of these devices give the device a lot more life than say, the Pebble. That being said, both of these bring major constraints in usability in comparison to the Pebble: Wear is designed around “short interactions”, but a lot of the time this isn't the case. When it comes to music controls, for example, something as simple as upping the volume requires you to wake the watch, swipe down a couple of times until you find the card, then swipe to the side and tap on the volume icon, then put the watch to sleep. Is it fast? Arguably so, as it takes 2 or 3 seconds. But the whole process requires attention, where as the static of the Pebble means you could do it without of that. It is simply better to touch your volume keys in your pocket or the buttons on your headphones.
The same dynamism of Wear hurts it with the fact that it has no way of giving you a smart hierarchy of notifications, and it does not prioritize the information you need when you need it. Basically, a lot of spam notifications make it to your wrist. If you are someone with a lot of apps but not much time, seeing game updates or unimportant emails can get frustrating. Wear needs its own fleshed out “priority” mode, as blacklisting apps isn't quite enough. There's a lot that can be explored to make Wear more useful, intuitive and intelligent, and as it is the platform has too little customization options. Luckily, updates have made notification handling better, which extra options (“block app”) and the ability to retrieve accidentally-dismissed cards.
Moving on to the good things, Wear grows on you. The stock fu nctionality of Wear is rather useful, and certain commands work beautifully in it. The step-by-step navigation features, for example, are great when you want to walk somewhere new but don't want to have your phone out the entire time. The vibration of the watch is a very peaceful way of receiving notifications, but alarms (indefinite vibrations) are very useful on Wear: they are (mostly) silent yet very alerting which makes them perfect for classrooms or offices. I use it for reminders all the time, and my personal lifehack is using it as an alarm whenever I take a micro-nap in a public place (such as college lounges early before class). The usefulness of these alarms is underrated, and they are so easily set up that the process is very organic.
Replying to notifications over Wear used to be annoying, particularly Hangouts – but now after many updates, I often find myself having entire conversations on my Watch as I am walking outside. The voice recognition is mostly excellent, and the ability to view past messages in supported applications gives you an IM client on your wrist. Some argue that this takes about the same amount of attention as typing, but in my case it doesn't (especially since I trust the voice recognition). That being said, sometimes you might see a Hangouts message pop in your computer as well as lighting up your watch and making your phone ring. This is something that doesn't happen all the time and I am convinced that they didn't intend for it to happen; but when I see the same notification 3 times in quick succession it makes me grunt faintly.
When it comes to apps, the platform suffers from (relatively) little support, one of the reasons for its slow adoption. I mostly don't bother with Wear apps anymore, and run a set-up very close to Stock. That being said, there are some really good Wear apps out there – many of which help you fix Wear's shortcomings yourself such as Wear Mini Launcher. This particular app saves Wear from Google's design decision to hide the “Start App” function behind plenty of scrolling. Later updates have made it so that commonly used apps stay in your Search menu, however, so the problem is alleviated now.
A lot of people claim that Wear's battery is atrocious. While this might be true for some watches, my experience with the Gear Live is satisfactory. I typically get two days out of it, sometimes less and sometimes more. I also have been using it more than ever lately, and I still don't find charging it every couple of days too annoying. Most watches don't have as easy charging as the Moto 360's wireless charging, however, and the Gear Live's charging cradle is obnoxious to put on. Initially, a lot of people were concerned that it could break easily – I think this is absolutely false, as I never felt that the cradle was flimsy enough to break if badly attached, and I've never had problems with it. But I would still never recommend the Gear Live over current offerings.
Ultimately I feel that Wear is mostly useful outside or when doing an activity. I have periods where I become a hermit submerged in my work and learning, and during those times where my phone lies on a desk or a table, the watch was not too useful. When I have busy weeks with meetings, dates or events, Wear proves invaluable. Earlier I said that Wear grows on you, and by this I mean that it becomes second nature once you get used to it. Whenever I'm on the street in a pinch and forget my watch, I still have the intuitive reflex of lifting up my wrist to look at a notification whenever my phone vibrates.
When it comes to using it outside, though, a few things hold Wear back. First is the fact that lifting your wrist activates the watch by default, and subtle motions can trigger it. Luckily, a recent update gave us an option to disable this, but the feature is amazing and it is a shame it is held back. The fact that notifications light up even if your watch is covered by your sleeve can get annoying sometimes, and despite the capacitive nature of the screen it is seemingly kept lit every now and then
As for the brightness, I usually leave it at 4 as I found it is a happy medium for battery life and outdoor visibility. But on my device, even the maximum brightness is not capable of giving me good visibility (AMOLED's contrast plays no practical benefit here either). This is particularly annoying when the screen is in its dimmed state, as I can hardly tell the time (you know, an actual watch's function). The Sony Smartwatch 3's transreflective screen supposedly addressed visibility, at the cost of poor colors. The Moto 360's ambient light sensor gives it auto-brightness, at the cost of screen space. This particular device's battery and screen also do not play nicely with always-on dimmed screens. So as of now, there's no perfect solution to visibility.
Early devices like the Moto 360 were reviewed under significantly different software than we have now, and the platform has come a long way since my purchase. On the first couple of software iterations, Wear was clearly not optimized: battery life across all watches was worse than now by significant margins, and the watches stuttered a lot. I was very disappointed with the performance due to this, and it was significantly noticeable right after waking the device. It would virtually always stutter when checking through notifications in quick succession. Now the device is mostly smooth, and the battery is better. There are still some UI glitches here and there, particularly when accessing the settings or apps. The new functions and shortcuts such as Cinema mode (turns off screen and disables touchscreen wake-up) and Sunlight mode (burst of brightness for a quick session) are intuitive and useful, and much needed additions. The refined interface is simply great. That being said, I find it better when paired to a KitKat device, as when using it with Lollipop the Mute shortcut turns into an awkward 3-step menu of Lollipop's Priority mode.
Should I Wear ?
So is Wear worth it? It depends not just on how much of techie you are, but your lifestyle as well. When I had streaks of spending time inside, I wouldn't wear the watch. During periods of intense outside activity or work on-the-run, it proved invaluable. If your responsibilities imply being kept up to date with e-mails, news and messages, Wear is a great tool. If you use a lot of social media and apps, expect a lot of notification spam that might drive you nuts. Wear has come a long way, and while it still hasn't had its year, the platform remains a strong alternative. Upcoming offerings like the Pebble Time and Apple Watch might spice up the competition and accelerate Wear's evolution, which I feel is rather slow right now. Casual users don't have much of a reason to use Wear, and the high entry price-points don't help. What does help is that there is a lot of variety in hardware now, with more coming as the LG Urbane, the Huawei Watch and a Moto 360 successor approach. The different watch styles and the fact that so many will keep coming means you might find that looker you are looking for.
Bottom line is that Wear is a nice toy to have to everyone, but as a toy it loses its charm unless you make it your tool. As it is, apps on Wear are rather underdeveloped and there's not that many must-have features they offer, which is why I limited this article to the core functionality. There is a lot holding Wear back right now in both software and hardware, but the future of both could hold promising results. If you do get Wear, actively try to make the best of it. It will annoy you sometimes, but when you forget to take it with you, you might find yourself consciously missing it!
What are your opinions on Android Wear? Tell us below!
Kevin Samy of Forbes' 2016 “30 under 30” list brings Dog Whistle event to UC Davis
Kevin Samy, former speechwriter to the Obama Administration Secretary of Defense, Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Pentagon and special assistant to the Secretary of Energy, spoke at UC Davis on Jan. 13 as part of his Dog Whistle event. According to Samy, this event was hosted by the Davis College Democrats (DCD) as an alternative to Milo Yiannopoulos' UC Davis stop on his “Dangerous Faggot” Tour on the same day.
Yiannopoulos, an editor for Breitbart News and a controversial “alt-right” figure, planned to speak at a UC Davis event that was cancelled due to a large protest.
UC Davis was Samy's first official stop on his Dog Whistle Tour, sparked by a response to a Yiannopoulos event at Miami University.
“I thought, ‘Maybe I'll stop in Ohio and offer another perspective',” Samy said. “We don't have the resources of internet troll royalty that Milo does — in three days, we packed a room full of hundreds of students.”
According to the Dog Whistle Project's Facebook and website, Samy and partner Chris Roessner's mission is to “decode the politics of hate and reaffirm our American identity, and shine a light on the algorithm of the kinds of messages and arguments they're making that frankly appeal to the extreme fringe.”
Samy said that he and Roessner, who could not attend the UC Davis event, began noticing a trend in politics since the recent presidential election — dog whistle messages. Samy explained dog whistle politics as coded appeals or euphemisms. One example he gave was how supporting “family values” can be associated with anti-gay rhetoric.
“We are not an America that says, ‘Since you're Muslim, we're going to put an asterisk by your name,'” Samy said. “I see the way people talk about immigrants from Pakistan and it riles you up.”
Samy believes that America needs to become more cognizant of dog whistle politics in order to prevent it.
“There is a lack of depth of understanding of the mechanism by which this kind of affected coded strategy [dog whistling] works that is inherently deceitful,” Samy said. “I had conversations with people of color, and they wanted people to explain ‘What do we do now?'”
Samy also followed Yiannopoulos to the next leg of the “Dangerous Faggot” tour on Jan. 20 at the University of Washington.
In Samy's opinion, Yiannopoulos was able to play the victim card after his cancelled UC Davis event.
“First, [Yiannopoulos'] message upon return [to the next day's protest] was predictable and potent, rabble rousing around one-liners we can all agree with, such as ‘they care about diversity, but not diversity of opinion,'” Samy said. “Free speech can be used to tear down or build up. As a guy who goes around saying ‘faggot' and bad-mouthing entire groups of people, Milo embodies the former.”
Christian Monsees, DCD president and a third-year political science major, wanted to support Samy's message and provide an alternative to Yiannopoulos' event.
“We are thrilled to have Kevin Samy in light of the [Yiannopoulos] event; he believes, as we do, in the dangers of the alt-right and how it's damaging to our political system,” Monsees said. “He is here to talk about implicit bigotry and how politicians can use dog whistle politics to inspire hatred and bigotry that some people have in order to gain support. We believe that while it is absolutely important to enforce freedom of speech, that does not mean that you should invite just anyone onto a campus.”
Samy described Yiannopoulos as a “provocateur” and “super-villain,” monikers that Yiannopoulos has used to describe himself as well.
“Yiannopoulos is like a toddler in a Darth Vader costume,” Samy said.
For Monsees, Yiannopoulos was not an appropriate guest for the UC Davis community.
“It is one thing to have the right to free speech, but it is another thing to deserve to be heard,” Monsees said.
However, Samy said that he still upholds Yiannopoulos' right to free speech.
“His action of espousing [his ideas] is an artifact of a functioning, open, free republic,” Samy said. “His existence is actually proof that our nation built on an ideal is working.”
Written by: Aaron Liss — campus@theaggie.org
BY: Follow @DavidRutz
President Obama angrily called for greater African American turnout for Hillary Clinton during a speech in front of the Congressional Black Caucus on Saturday, saying it was a "personal insult" to his legacy if they failed to do so.
Ripping Republican candidate Donald Trump as a hateful candidate of fear, Obama said that while his own name may not be on the ballot, the "progress" made under his administration was.
"Tolerance is on the ballot!" Obama shouted. "Democracy is on the ballot! Justice is on the ballot! Good schools are on the ballot! Ending mass incarceration, that's on the ballot right now!"
Obama, who endorsed his former secretary of state in June, called Trump's "central theme" an opposition to what his White House had accomplished.
"There's no such thing as a vote that doesn't matter. It all matters, and after we have achieved historic turnout in 2008 and 2012, especially in the African-American community, I will consider it a personal insult, an insult to my legacy, if this community lets down its guard and fails to activate itself in this election," he said. "You want to give me a good sendoff? Go vote!"
Clinton has failed to generate the kind of enthusiasm in the Democratic Party that propelled Obama to back-to-back electoral victories in 2008 and 2012, particularly among African Americans, who voted for him in huge margins both times. Trump has made a comeback in the polls in the past month, taking leads in critical swing states like Florida and Ohio and sending a mild panic into Clinton supporters.
When Michelle Obama spoke at a Clinton rally in Virginia on Friday, the crowd chanted "Four more years."
As Rauma reaches its 575th year, residents of this surprisingly cosmopolitan city will celebrate its the beauty of its Unesco-listed old town, and its history as an important medieval port
The city of a smidgen under 40,000 people on Finland's west coast, clustered around an immaculate Unesco-garlanded wooden old town, celebrates its 575th anniversary this week. Depending on how you classify these things, that makes Rauma either the country's third, fourth or fifth oldest chartered town. Anyway, it's old … with enough of a concentration of culture to make Unesco look twice: the bronze age cairns at nearby Sammallahdenmäki also made it on to the World Heritage list.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Historic buildings in the centre of Rauma, Finland. Photograph: IgorSPb/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Finland's gateway
“It means a lot,” says 33-year-old freelance writer and travel blogger Saana Jaakkola, who has lived here for 12 years. “People here are very proud of their roots. It's boosting how proud we are about our hometown – which has been a little bit forgotten about by the rest of Finland.”
The marketplace is the focus for the anniversary programme – including theatre in the local dialect, concerts, dance and children's events – that culminates on 19 April. Rauma's big day falls in the auspicious centenary year for the whole country – but the town has always looked further. The dialect, still spoken by older residents, borrows from Swedish, Estonian and German, the regions with which Rauma had its original trade links. Various international businesses – a Rolls-Royce plant, a neighbouring Franco-German nuclear power plant – mean it is surprisingly cosmopolitan for a small place.
City in numbers …
800 Residents in the old town
57 Vessels in the town's fleet in 1897, Finland's largest at the time
5.6m Tonnes of freight in 2016 handled by the port, the country's fifth largest
99 Percentage of the town's heating supplied from the local paper mill site, its key industry. “Sometimes when the wind is right, it brings weird smells into the town from the mill,” says Jaakkola. “We have a saying: ‘That's the smell of money.'”
… and pictures
Local artist Tarmo Thorström has created light artworks that, projected on to the town hall during the last two winters, pay tribute to Rauma's long lace-making tradition.
My home town Rauma is well known of its' lace and you can find it in various forms all over the town. Like as a reflection around the main door of the old town hall at the market square. A post shared by Saana ✏ Travel writer, dreamer (@saanajaakkola) on Mar 6, 2016 at 11:47am PST
History in 100 words
Rauma has always had a salty tang about it. The town chartered in 1442 had grown up around a Franciscan monastery, but it became an important medieval port. Their laxmän (salmon men) as they were known in Stockholm, ran fish, fur, seal blubber and animal skins over the Gulf of Bothnia to the Swedish capital, to Tallinn and the Hanseatic cities. Later, it was timber to England and the Mediterranean, and now paper.
The seafaring legacy can still be seen in the windows of the old town, Jaakkola says. “You might see little dog statues there. When the husbands were away at sea, then the wives might have had some, ahem, other visitors. If the dog was facing out on to the street, that meant it's safe to come; but if it was facing indoors, it meant the husband is home – don't come. Maybe they just send chat messages now.”
Rauma in sound and vision
The pristine Nordic structures of the old town were the inspiration for Sim City-style video game City of Rauma by local boy Juho Ruohola.
RMJ electronic music festival returned to Rauma in 2016 after a brief hiatus, and will take place again on 22-24 June. Here's a short blast from last year's headliner David Guetta.
What's everyone talking about?
Six hundred people lost their jobs when Korean company STX pulled out of the local shipyards at the end of 2013. “It was a huge shock, a complete mess,” says Jaakkola. But it's turned into a story of plucky self-sufficiency to warm the cockles of local enterprise advocates everywhere. The municipality bought the property for €18m, and Rauma Marine Constructions was born in 2014, ensuring jobs were saved and 500 years of shipbuilding continued.
“Now it's growing fast, with lots of new orders,” says Jaakkola. One included a 5,000-tonne deck towed last year to its final mooring place off the Burj al-Arab hotel in Dubai; the Finnish navy has just ordered four new vessels.
#Raumashipyard #cranes #sea #clouds #calmwaters #mirror #Rauma #shipyard A post shared by Arttu (@kiviraum) on Jul 17, 2015 at 10:30pm PDT
What's next for the city?
In addition to the port, Rauma also has one of Finland's largest leisure marinas. “People here don't ask what kind of house you have, or how much money you have. They ask what kind of boat you have,” says Jaakkola.
Antigua in the spotlight: hundreds of thousands descend for Semana Santa Read more
The town's looking to bolster its modern tourism capacity away from the old town – further development of the coastal area (perhaps neglected because of the 30-minute walk from the centre, which was next to the coast during medieval times) is coming. It's being driven by “hands-on” local businessman Riku Räsänen, who founded the RMJ festival and owns the Poroholma camping site where part of it takes place. An adjacent outdoor swimming pool, which had fallen into disrepair, is also due to reopen in 2018 under Räsänen's stewardship.
Close zoom
If your Finnish is up to scratch, local rag Länsi-Suomi will tell you everything you need to know. Otherwise, the city's website is your best bet.
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook to join the discussion, and explore our archive here
Mark Humphrey/Associated Press
Patric Hornqvist scored 22 goals for the Nashville Predators last season, good for 73rd in the NHL and placing him in the company of players like Brent Burns, Alexander Semin and Matt Read. It's a classic case of "one of these things is not like the others," though, as it's highly unlikely that Burns, Semin or Read will jump into the NHL's top 20 goal scorers in 2014-15.
Hornqvist, on the other hand, is poised to do just that. The 5'11", 189-pound forward has scored at least 20 goals in each of his four full campaigns—he only scored two goals in 28 games his rookie season and four times in 24 games during the lockout-shortened 2012-13 season—and has averaged 0.29 goals per game across his career.
Excuse the echo chamber comment here, but if Hornqvist can score at that clip for the Predators (the league's 19th-most effective goal-producing team in 2013-14, the 29th-most effective in 2012-13 and so on), then he's going to set the world on fire in a Pittsburgh Penguins uniform.
When naming the NHL's best offensive centers, you won't be able to make it through more than five or six names without naming both of Hornqvist's potential pivots. The 27-year-old is looking to line up alongside either Sidney Crosby or Evgeni Malkin, and that's the equivalent to winning the hockey lottery either way.
It seems likely that Hornqvist will start the season off on the second line alongside Malkin. Adam Gretz at SB Nation recently took a look at what we can reasonably expect from that duo based on what No. 71 has done for teammates in the past. He writes:
Even though his numbers have not been anywhere near as good when away from Malkin, Neal's 1.93 points/60 average is still a very good number and would put him with pretty strong company... The good news for Pittsburgh is that the key player it received for Neal -- Hornqvist -- has put up similar numbers throughout his career in Nashville while playing on a team with less talent around him and in a system that wasn't anywhere near as wide open. For his career, Hornqvist has averaged 1.90 even-strength points/60 and, perhaps most impressively, has managed to get more than 11 shots on goal per 60 minutes. And if he plays alongside Malkin, he's looking at an almost certain jump in that production.
Gretz goes on to conclude that Hornqvist won't be able to match James Neal's scoring pace outright, but that doesn't mean that the former Predator won't be able to crack the NHL's top 20 scorers. Jason Pominville finished 20th in goals last season with 30—only eight more tallies than Hornqvist managed while skating with Mike Fisher or Matt Cullen.
Fisher has averaged 0.29 assists per game throughout his 15-year career. Malkin has averaged 0.76. Expect an uptick of at least eight tallies from Hornqvist, and that number could climb even higher if his on-ice chemistry with Malkin is anywhere near what Neal experienced with Geno.
Malkin has been a lethal point producer since he entered the league, but he's at his most dangerous when he's playing with a winger who crashes the crease.
Neal is more of a sniper—albeit one of the better shooters in the NHL—while Hornqvist drives to the net mouth in search of those dirty goals. He had 19 goals off of tip-ins in 2013-14, according to SportingCharts.com, and that number should jump with Malkin shooting for Hornqvist's stick as he drives to the net.
He's not going to put up Steven Stamkos-like numbers just because he's with Malkin. But Hornqvist should be able to cover the loss of Neal and will crack the league's top-20 goal-scoring list if he remains healthy.
Statistics appear courtesy of NHL.com, while averages appear courtesy of Hockey-Reference.com.
A new land, plots, planning, and the aftermath of Ragnar Lothbrok's death were the fundamentals beats in tonight's episode of Vikings titled “Crossing”. After such a big and important episode in “All His Angels”, “The Crossing” showed us what is to become of Vikings (the show) after Ragnar's death, setting up events and building up tension to what Ragnar's sons will do next.
Most importantly in this episode (consuming the most time), showed Bjorn Ironside, Rollo, and the rest of his Viking warriors coming to a new land to raid, a Muslim port city in Espania (I assume modern day Spain). This wasn't the most action-packed raid that we've seen on the show before (nothing like the siege of Paris in the last season), but it was interesting to see them explore a new land with new a new culture. In truth, Vikings (the show) hasn't showcased a lot of “raiding” scenes since the first season. Yes, there's been great battles that have been full of blood and violence, but nothing of plundering and raiding the innocent. This new attack on the Muslim port city further echoes the harsh and brutal ways that Vikings are (yes, they are bad people who kill the innocent, including women and the old).
During this raid, we saw a lot of character moments from certain characters. Most notably in Floki, who seems to be in a bit of a fog at the beginning of the episode, exclaiming to his wife (Helga) that he doesn't know his purpose. Perhaps he can sense that Ragnar is dead and feels empty inside? Its unclear, but it is possible. In addition, Floki (interestingly) comes across a mosque (filled with Muslims praying) during the raid and is a bit transfixed on the idea. He's always been passionate about his gods (the Norse gods) and seems a bit fascinated with what he's seeing in in these Muslims praying, especially to no depiction of Allah anywhere in the temple. In conjunction with Floki's story, Helga (during the raid's aftermath) comes across a recently orphaned Muslim girl (who's parents were both killed in the raid) and decides to keep her as child of their own. This, of course, sets Floki off, but Helga doesn't care and keeps the little girl anyways. I wonder if Floki will warm up to his new adopted daughter?
Rollo seems to put right at home with the raiding, a bit relishing the chance to raid (like a true Viking again) and fighting alongside his own kind. Bjorn, on the other hand, seemed a bit distracted. Yes, he participated during the raid, but maybe it wasn't what he was expecting it to be. Maybe he was expecting more of an opposition that just cowering innocents that they encountered. As for King Harald and his brother Half-Dan, we see the two brothers still scheming and plotting their own course in Bjorn's Mediterranean venture, with brief hints that they might have to challenge all the Lothbroks if they are to rule all of Norway. Lastly, we finally get to see a bit more of Hvitserk (Marco Ilsø), but it's only brief moments during the raid. As it stands, given his amount of screen-time, he's the weakest of Ragnar's four adult children of Ragnar.
In a brief scene back at Wessex (England), we find that King Ecbert's son Aethelwulf is not convinced that Ragnar's son will keep their word in seeking vengeance for their father's death. Ecbert himself is a bit of content on the subject (spending his time in overseeing Alfred's lessons), but does command that Aethelwulf (by himself) raise an army if Ragnar's son should return. I wonder if they'll be ready in time….
Back at home (in Kattegat), we see that Ubbe and Sigurd are biding their time to make a strike against Lagertha. Unfortunately, their brother Ivar seeks vengeance for his mother death immediately, challenging Lagertha to single combat, who, in turn, refuses, which makes Ivar even more angry. As for Lagertha, she's feeling the burden of Ragnar's death, but remains steadfast as Queen of Kattegat, ordering a wall to construct around the city to be protected from outside invaders. Still, Lagertha is still heartbroken over his first husband's death and is concern over when Ragnar's children will move against her. She even visits the Seer (John Kavanagh) who foretells that she will die by the hands of one of Ragnar's children. But which one?
The final several minutes of the episode concludes with the All-Father himself (Odin), King of the Norse gods, visits the sons of Ragnar to tell them of their father's death. Even Bjorn and Hvitserk are told (via Odin's ravens) that Ragnar is dead. Pretty ominous and cool that we actually get to see the mighty Odin (in human form).
In short, being the first episode without having Ragnar Lothbrok, “The Crossing” held its own and dealt with multiple storylines in exploring a new city (to raid) and what is to come of a few characters in Kattegat. The big question is what will become of certain characters in the coming episodes? Will Lagertha be killed by Ivar? Will Bjorn continue on his journey into the Mediterranean or will he head back to Kattegat? What will Ubbe and Sigurd do next?We'll just have to wait and see.
Score: 8.0 / 10
If interested, check out my movie blog @ Jason's Movie Blog for my reviews of current movies.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Pocket
Telegram
WhatsApp
Skype
Like this: Like Loading...
Donald Trump says he'll disclose his finances if he runs for president, but may not release his income tax returns unless President Obama releases his birth certificate.
Trump made his comments in a wide-ranging interview with ABC's Good Morning America. He has vowed to say by June whether he'll seek the Republican presidential nomination in 2012.
The real estate executive told host George Stephanopoulos that he's "done a great job" with his company and vowed to "do a full disclosure of finances."
But when asked if he'd release his tax returns -- as Obama did yesterday and as presidential candidates have done in the past -- Trump balked and brought up the issue of Obama's birth certificate.
"We'll look at that," Trump said. "... I'd love to give my tax returns. I may tie my tax returns into Obama's birth certificate."
Trump has made Obama's birthplace and birth certificate an issue. The president was born in Hawaii and his birth certificate has been certified by Hawaii's health director as real. But the issue has repeatedly come up since Obama first ran for president in 2008, fueled in part by people in the blogosphere known as "birthers."
Trump has been dismissed by Republicans such as House Majority Leader Eric Cantor and Bush political strategist Karl Rove for questioning the legitimacy of Obama's birth certificate. Polls by CNN, ABC and The Washington Post show Trump rising near the top of the unsettled GOP presidential field.
Obama told ABC recently that he doesn't believe the American people are "really worrying about conspiracy theories ... or birth certificates," adding this kind of stuff "presents a problem" for people like Trump.
In the interview, Trump also discussed why he no longer supports abortion rights, saying he changed his mind "quite a while ago." Asked if he was concerned about getting criticized for flip-flopping on issues, Trump said "I'm sure I will."
Tajikistan held a referendum Sunday on changing the Constitution to allow its authoritarian president to run for office indefinitely, effectively allowing him to rule for life.
The 63-year-old Emomali Rakhmon has ruled the former Soviet republic in Central Asia since 1992. During those 24 years, he has crushed or cowed all opposition to his rule and the referendum is expected to pass easily.
One of the constitutional changes considered in the vote would lower the minimum age for presidents from 35 to 30 years. This would allow Rakhmon's son, now 29, to run in the next presidential election in 2020.
Reported turnout was high. Election officials said that 88 percent of eligible voters had cast their ballots by 6 p.m. local time (1300 GMT), two hours before polls closed.
The referendum has been organized and held with only cursory international scrutiny. No election in Tajikistan has ever been deemed free and fair by the most thorough monitoring organization.
In the months preceding the referendum, authorities in Tajikistan have systemically dismantled the few remaining remnants of dissent to Rakhmon's rule.
The Islamic Revival Party of Tajikistan, the only opposition party with any real following, was declared a terrorist organization following an alleged coup attempt in September. Little is known of the purported plot to overthrow the government, including whether it actually took place.
More than a dozen of the party's leaders were charged with involvement in the coup attempt and have been tried behind closed doors in a trial that has drawn broad international criticism.
Few in Tajikistan dare to speak openly in opposition to Rakhmon for fear of repercussions. That climate has fostered much apathy and indifference even toward the government's political initiatives.
Voters queried at polling stations on Sunday either repeated talking points regularly aired on state television or displayed uncertainty about what they had cast their ballot for.
"I didn't read anything. Somebody just told me to write 'yes,' so I just did it and left," said college student Shamsiddin Burhonov.
Like many others pressed on whether he knew what changes to the Constitution were being approved, Burhonov struggled to answer.
In fact, voters were being asked to approve a total of 41 amendments, although the ballot paper included none of the details.
One amendment will introduce a ban on religious-based parties, which is apparently a measure intended to ensure the Islamic Revival Party of Tajikistan is unable to resurface under a different guise. (ags)
MONTREAL—Jean Charest, nearly $370,000; Pauline Marois, about $130,000; and Bernard Landry, close to $140,000. Those are the sums the three ex-premiers have cost the Quebec public since leaving office.
Pauline Marois has charged the government a total of $129,276 since last June. She was premier between September 2012 and April 2014. ( Jacques Boissinot / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo ) Jean Charest, who was premier between 2003 and 2012, charged the province $368,566 between April 2013 and this past February. Charest also billed the province more than $132,000 to hire five researchers and an administrative assistant. ( Ryan Remiorz / THE CANADIAN PRESS file photo ) Bernard Landry, who was premier between 2001 and 2003 before leaving politics in 2005, billed Quebec for $138,612 for between April 2007 and June 2008. ( Andre Forget file photo )
The numbers were obtained in documents obtained by The Canadian Press under access-to-information laws. Quebec offers ex-premiers lavish perks for a three-year period after they leave office, including money to hire staff, buy equipment and rent office space — all at taxpayers' expense. Premier Philippe Couillard said Wednesday that premiers who leave office are given too many perks for too long a period.
Article Continued Below
He said he is ready to review the privileges afforded to leaders in their post-political life. The documents show that Charest, who was premier between 2003 and 2012, charged the province $368,566 between April 2013 and this past February — with about $225,000 on office space and supplies and telecommunications-related costs. Charest, who now works as a lawyer with McCarthy Tetreault, also billed the province more than $132,000 to hire five researchers and an administrative assistant. And even though he has a government-issued car and driver-bodyguard, Charest submitted travel bills of about $12,000. Charest's successor, Pauline Marois, has charged the government a total of $129,276 since last June. She was premier between September 2012 and April 2014.
Bernard Landry, who was premier between 2001 and 2003 before leaving politics in 2005, billed Quebec for $138,612 for between April 2007 and June 2008. The numbers for the first two years were not available. Couillard was visibly uncomfortable with the news, particularly due to the fact his government has embarked on an ambitious cost-cutting program to balance the budget.
Article Continued Below
He said he has a problem with the “duration of the privileges and the associated costs.” “We want to bring them (costs) to a more reasonable level,” he said. Official Opposition Leader Pierre Karl Péladeau said he was open to reviewing the generous perk system but didn't elaborate.
Read more about:
Five of the 6 senatorial candidates who have joined Rappler's #TheLeaderIWant debate say they prefer the tough-talking Davao City mayor to head the country
Published 6:38 PM, April 22, 2016
MANILA, Philippines – Even among candidates for senator, Davao City Mayor Rodrigo Duterte remains the preferred presidential candidate. Five of 6 bets at Rappler's senatorial debate on Friday, April 22, threw their support behind the tough-talking mayor known for his controversial statements and iron-fisted style of leadership.
During the debate on Friday, April 22, the 6 aspirants for the Senate – most of whom are running as independent – were asked to identify the two presidential candidates they would support for the May 2016 elections.
Former interior secretary Rafael Alunan III, who was first to answer the question, declined to name two, saying he had only one candidate in mind.
"I believe in loyalty and choosing the right candidate," he said, raising his fist to show the baller band on his wrist with the red-and-blue colors of the Duterte-Cayetano tandem.
Former Quezon City representative Dante Liban, meanwhile, quipped, "Ako dalawa: Rodrigo Duterte, at Duterte Rodrigo."
For her part, overseas Filipino workers rights advocate Susan Ople opted to identify whom she would not support. The former labor undersecretary is a candidate of the Partido Galing at Puso of Senator Grace Poe, and is also supported by Binay's party and Duterte.
"Ang hindi lang, kulay-sunshine," she said, a reference to the yellow colors used by the Liberal Party and its standard-bearer, Manuel Roxas II. (The only one [I'm not supporting] is the color of sunshine.)
Former police chief Samuel Pagdilao, meanwhile, is supported by both Poe and Duterte, while retired police chief superintendent Diosdado Valeroso expressed his preferred presidential bet by raising his fist for Duterte.
Only labor lawyer Allan Montaño deviated from the others, saying he would support opposition standard-bearer Vice President Jejomar Binay because of his plans and proposals for the poor, including exempting low-income earners from paying taxes.
Duterte has been topping pre-election surveys in recent weeks, despite the backlash he drew from his controversial remarks on a murdered Australian rape victim. His rivals for the presidency have criticized the Davao mayor and warned against his style of leadership. – Rappler.com
let's be honest: we've all been to a wedding and thought, “boy, that was nice, but there were just way too many correctly placed punctuation marks.” lucky for us, the vaguely-rustic-wedding-sign trend is still going strong. if anything has made me regret my ability to recognize strings of letters as representations of abstract concepts, it's these bad boys:
1. Signs that insinuate the ring bearer is on the prowl
oh, thank god! i was so tired of having to slyly ask the flower girl if the ring bearer was single. you know what they say: all the good ones are either taken or in kindergarten.
guys, this is weird. this is a weird thing to do.
bonus: bride appears to be worried about getting bored while walking down the aisle and has provided herself with plenty of reading material along the way.
possible theme inspiration: Uncle John's Bathroom Reader, sassy t-shirts your great-aunt buys you for Christmas.
2. WIVES ARE BOSSY, AMIRITE?!
you have made that very, very clear.
bonus: burlap in a formal setting, bows that appear to have been tied by a badly trained chimpanzee, all set against fake gold fake bamboo.
possible theme inspiration: middle-tier sorority house living room.
3. cutesy schmoopsy signsey winesies.
the dr. seuss sign trend is the primary phenomenon that makes me believe that the world really did end in 2012 and we are all living in a computer simulation organized by reptilian overlords because no one else would be this cruel.
and can someone please explain the quotation marks? is this from the art of war or something? cite your sources, jesus.
possible theme inspiration: being drunk at a public access children's show.
4. quirk quirk quirk-a-rific
this sign is a great way to tell people that you watched two seasons of Dr. Who and, are, like, a total nerd now. because last halloween's matching Stranger Things costumes weren't enough.
here's a hint: if you're wearing your weirdness like a badge, you probably aren't that weird.
possible theme inspiration: wubba lubba dub dub, that time you played WoW and never made it out of the Barrens.
5. Grooms that are apparently terrible athletes.
oh, come on, james. you're telling me you can't manage to run the thirty feet it'll take you to get to your '99 accord and get the hell out of there? it's a six-cylinder, james. it's getting old but it still has some get-up-and-go. sure, you didn't run a 4.4 40 in high school, but you're decent enough to escape someone wearing enough tulle to start a mosquito nettery. i believe in you, buddy
[image temporarily removed]
this is the only scenario where this sign makes sense. in this case, james, i got nothin' for ya. i hope you're into really big lizards.
bonus: apostrophe after “cause,” cause' everything is terrible.
possible theme inspiration: silent bathroom crying, your really dumb third grade teacher.
Advertisements
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has called for "immediate guarantees" on the residency status and rights of European Union nationals living in Scotland.
She made the demand in letters to British Prime Minister David Cameron and the five candidates bidding to replace him following last week's vote for Brexit.
Ms Sturgeon said it was "imperative" that the UK Government respected the rights of Scotland's 173,000 EU citizens.
The plea was made before a meeting with consuls-general of EU member states and diplomats at her official residence, Bute House in Edinburgh, on Tuesday.
The summit follows a series of talks in Brussels with European political leaders aimed at securing Scotland's place in the EU, after voters north of the border backed remain by 62%.
Ms Sturgeon said: "Scotland voted overwhelmingly to stay in Europe, yet citizens of EU countries who live, work and contribute to our country are understandably anxious and uncertain about what the UK referendum result means for them and their families.
"People from EU countries are an important part of Scotland's future. I am therefore seeking immediate guarantees from the Prime Minister, and all Conservative leadership candidates, that the residency status and the other existing rights of the 173,000 EU nationals living in Scotland will remain unchanged, now or in the future.
This is a commitment that can and should be made and enforced now.
"It is imperative that the UK Government respects those who have exercised their treaty rights and chosen to make a life in Scotland.
"Scotland is still firmly in the EU and we are pursuing all options to maintain our EU status - something that I underlined in my meetings in Brussels in the last few days.
"Through the consular network I want to get the message out as far and as wide that we are an inclusive and outward-looking society that recognises the immense contribution EU citizens make to Scotland's economy, society and culture."
Ms Sturgeon said she would listen to suggestions on how the Scottish Government could provide further reassurance to EU citizens in Scotland.
Those studying or starting a course this year has already been told they will receive free tuition in Scotland for the duration of their studies despite the Brexit vote.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie called for a joint EU, UK and Scottish Government statement to reassure universities and research institutions about the future of EU funding.
He said: "EU funding is vital to the research many of our universities, including those in Scotland, carry out.
"Research can be years in the planning. Already there has been speculation that researchers from the UK will be sidelined or excluded from taking part in new projects.
"To maintain confidence and avoid any confusion we need a joint statement from the EU, UK and Scottish governments to be issued immediately to all funding bodies, research institutions and universities. This would provide immediate and valuable reassurance."
He added: "The UK and Scottish governments need to step in to guarantee the future of research and researchers, underwriting the sector to ensure we can continue to take part in European projects."
The UK Government said Mr Cameron has moved to reassure European citizens living in the UK that there will be no immediate changes in their circumstances.
Speaking in the House of Commons last week Mr Cameron said: "Leave campaigners were fairly clear that they wanted to protect the rights of people who are already here who have come to live, work and study, but obviously the final clarification of that and of the rights of British people living in other parts of the European Union will have to wait for the complex negotiations."
Rumours have been going around for awhile now that Valve, the company behind PC gaming service Steam, is working on an app for Windows 10 Mobile and Windows Phone. Today, we are happy to confirm that these rumours are correct.
A store listing has appeared that details a ‘Steam Official' app, being published by Valve Corporation.
According to the listing, the app is not a Universal Windows 10 app, but it does support Windows Phone 8.1 and Windows 10 Mobile. It will come packed with many features that Steam's apps on other platforms also offer, such as:
Steam Guard Authentication
Trading (trade items with your friends)
Community (forums and messaging)
Remote downloading of your games, so that when you get home, they're downloaded to your PC
The first release of the app will be a limited release, with it not coming packed with all the features you'd expect from a Steam app, but it looks like Valve will be keeping it up to date. It is not currently available to download from the store, but by the looks of it, we won't have to wait too much longer.
A screenshot of the app is also available:
Check out the listing yourself from the link below:
Steam Developer: Valve Corporation Price: Free
Share This
Further reading: Steam
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Night after night Debbie Taylor lovingly prepares dinner for her family then, as they tuck into their meal she reaches into the kitchen cupboard for a packet of Monster Munch.
Bizarre as it sounds, Debbie, 30, has eaten nothing but crisps for 10 years, and for the past two, beef flavour Monster Munch have been every meal.
Friends and family have tried to persuade her to have a more varied diet, but Debbie insists she can't eat anything else. Meals out, Christmas dinner, barbecues, even eating the food she cooks for her family are all off-limits.
Debbie takes crisps to ­restaurants. And when her boyfriend Gerald ­Whittington, 55, took Debbie and her son Luke, 10, for a holiday in Spain, he even had to pack a separate suitcase for her
Monster Munch!
Hotel chambermaid Debbie from Harlow in Essex, eats six small packets a day or two large bags. She says: “I know it must seem strange but it works for me – I love Monster Munch!
“Gerald and my family have tried everything to get me to eat other food but I'm so used to crisps now there is no way I could tuck into a pizza or fish and chips.”
Despite her cheery attitude, Debbie's severely restricted diet is likely to be an after-effect of the eating disorders that plagued her from a young age.
After being bullied as a child for being overweight she suffered from anorexia and bulimia from the ages of 14 to 17 and her weight plummeted to 7 stone.
She finally overcame those eating disorders, but her eating habits never returned to normal. Instead she went through phases of only eating one specific food.
From the ages of 17 to 19, she only ate peanuts and over the next few years she gradually moved on to bread sprinkled with salt.
Pregnant at 20, she craved a variety of foods and ate properly for the first time in years.
But as soon as she gave birth to son, Luke, she fell back into her old eating habits.
For the next eight years she only ate Walkers crisps and for the past two years beef flavour Monster Munch has been the only meal she could stomach.
Even when she started seeing Gerald in 2003, she couldn't change her diet and it caused awkward situations in their relationship's first months.
Debbie says: “Gerald wanted to take me out to dinner or cook for me at home but, whatever he did, I couldn't eat anything.
“At first he was really concerned about my health and I suppose
it must have been embarrassing when we went out to eat in ­restaurants and I would only have Monster Munch.”
Since then Gerald has tried everything to encourage Debbie to eat a more varied diet.
He says: “It used to scare the living daylights out of me when we first got together, I worry about the damage she's doing to her body.
“I worry about the damage to her bones, she's not getting any kind of vitamins, protein or calcium.
“I think what she needs is a psychological change, it's a state of mind.”
Debbie doesn't take any vitamin supplements and hasn't eaten anything green since she was a child, but nonetheless she insists she feels fine.
She says: “Doctors don't understand. I've never been referred to a specialist or given any help. They think I'm just fussy and should change.”
And Debbie admits she would like to eat normally some day.
She's embarrassed when she pulls out her bright yellow packets in a restaurant and would love to eat a normal dinner with her family.
She says: “When I have tried to eat something else my body isn't used to it and I simply can't eat or, if I do, it makes me sick.”
For Debbie and Gerald, weekly trips to the supermarket attract confused looks from other shoppers.
The couple take separate ­trolleys around the shop and Debbie clears the Monster Munch from the shelves.
She says: “People do look at us funny when I put so much Monster Munch into my trolley.
"We usually add some sweets and Coke in that trolley for Luke – sometimes the cashiers ask if we're having a party!”
Beef flavour Monster Munch was only available in a multi-pack until last year so the couple used to throw away huge quantities of the other flavours.
Now however they come in separate bags and she only spends £4 a day on her food.
At Christmas, Debbie ­prepares and cooks all the food, but when her family sit down to their roast dinners, she heads for the cupboard for her crisps.
“I worry that I overcompensate by cooking big meals for Luke and Gerald, I probably make far too much food, but Luke doesn't seem to have picked up my bad habits yet.
"Thankfully, he's got a healthy appetite. I'm a good cook and really enjoy preparing meals, I just can't stand the thought of eating them myself and the smell makes me feel sick.”
In 2008, Gerald persuaded ­Debbie to go on a plane for the first time and the family flew to Barcelona.
She says: “I was ­terrified of flying but also very worried that I wouldn't find any Monster Munch in Spain.
“­Gerald reassured me we'd find some but we never did. Luckily, we found BBQ crisps so I managed to live on those for the week.”
So when the family went on holiday to the Spanish island of Fuerteventura last July, Debbie wasn't prepared to take any ­chances – she packed a separate suitcase full of Monster Munch.
“Just imagine if our bags had been searched going through customs!” she shudders.
Debbie's weight fluctuates and her ­wardrobe is full of clothes that are too big her for slight frame.
At 5ft 3ins, she looks to be around a size 10 or 12, but she hides her figure under shapeless clothes and never buys new outfits.
Gerald is always telling her she is beautiful but she refuses to believe him, avoids the mirror and won't even consider wearing a swimsuit on holiday.
Although she's aware that her insecurities probably stem from her childhood weight ­problem and the cruel taunts of the bullies at school, she still can't pinpoint any reason for her current diet.
She insists she doesn't know her size and, unlike her teenage years, doesn't any longer obsess about her weight or starve herself.
“When I'm hungry I eat a ­packet of crisps. I don't try to diet, Monster Munch is just what I feel like ­eating. But I do realise it's just another eating disorder. It's ­probably a branch of my ­anorexia and bulimia in my teens.
“I would like to change, I just don't know when it's going to ­happen and what it's going to take. I worry about the future, I would like to eat normally but I don't know how to get there.”
She recently discovered the term ‘selective eating disorder' to describe her eating habits when she searched the internet for people similar to her.
Debbie says: “I know people must think it's strange but it's not hurting anyone else and my heart hasn't stopped yet.
“So until it causes me serious problems I'll happily go on eating my favourite crisps.
“I can't imagine life without Monster Munch!”
President Obama's stand today in support of gay marriage has unleashed much conversation surrounding the political impact of his statement and the effect it could have on the electoral map and election this November. And part of this discussion has repeated a myth that I have tried to dispel before and will try again.
The gay marriage initiatives in 2004 on the ballot in 11 states had no discernable effect on turnout among conservatives. Yes, that's right, none. Not even in Ohio, which was a swing state in 2004 won in a close contest by former President Bush.
Today, the myth is repeated over and over that Bush beat Kerry in Ohio in part because of the gay marriage initiative on the ballot. The facts and data simply do not support that conclusion.
Yes, conservative turnout was up in Ohio by five percentage points. It was also up five percentage points nationally. And if you look at the conservative turnout increase in the 11 states verses the other 39 states that didn't have gay marriage on the ballot, the conservative turnout was up exactly the same.
Further, if you look at white evangelical and conservative turnout in swing states with gay marriage initiatives versus swing states without them (like Florida, Pennsylvania and Nevada), again, there is no statistical difference in turnout increases among these groups. Yes, that is right, increase in turnout among key conservative groups did not vary between swing states with and without these initiatives on the ballot.
In 2004, I worked on President Bush's campaign as chief strategist and was deeply involved in examining and determining which issues would motivate conservatives and evangelicals. In all that analysis preparing for the campaign, not a single social issue rose to the top five motivators (not abortion, not gay marriage, not a one). The motivators for that election were national security issues, issues concerning the budget and taxes, and issues surrounding the economy. And these are the issues the campaign put all their resources behind and I constantly advocated internally as our focus.
So again, let's put this myth to rest. Gay marriage initiatives in 2004 did not affect the turnout among conservative voters in any way. It's important as analysts for us to look at the data as it stands and try not to repeat myths just because either side promulgates them over and over to serve their purposes.
UK politics: whinging in the wind 04/05/2015
Follow @eureferendum
On the brink of electoral defeat, it seems Farage is aiming to get his excuses in early, complaining to LBC about the "cult of celebrity" which, he claims, "is affecting the election and detracting from the serious issues facing the electorate".
This adds to his condemnation of
Nothing from The Great Leader, however, admits to any great error on his part, except perhaps to a
Interestingly the Sunday Times had
Lawson recalls that Owen Paterson pointed out recently that the Australian points system has let in a greater proportion of immigrants relative to the existing population than we have done as signatories of EU freedom of movement treaties.
The point is that there are almost uncountable numbers of aspiring immigrants to developed countries who have the skills that any points system demands. And as Paterson also noted: "As long as there are significant incentives to move, people will cross borders … When controls are imposed, people find a way round them . . . In the UK there are over 30 million visitors each year and attempts to pull up the drawbridge would simply lead to a massive surge in illegal immigration".
The criticism here, though, is not confined to Ukip. All the parties pretend this is a force they can control as if it were a bathroom tap. Lawson asserts. Miliband has even commissioned the printing of Labour campaign mugs covered with the words "Controls on immigration". The real mug, Lawson says would be the voter who bought that — at least in the sense of believing it.
The sad thing is that there are real world problems, for which no parties are currently offering sensible (or any) solutions. Over the weekend, for instance,
The Mediterranean may, for the moment, seem a long way away, but with record number of migrants already in reception camps in EU Member States, it is only a matter of time before some of these reach Calais with a view to crossing the Channel and claiming refuge in this country.
Since no party has the answer to this problem – not even (and especially) Ukip - it is not surprising that the election campaign reverts to trivia and celebrity politics. Rather than whinging, though, Farage might reflect that if his party had come up with some credible policy ideas on key issues, voters might be more inclined to support him.
But there's the rub. For Farage's complaints about the dumbing down of the election process to be justified, he and his supporters need to do more than contribute simplistic nostrums which are no better that the other parties' offerings.
As it is, they are not anything like enough to convince voters that Ukip is a party to be taken seriously, which is why they have failed to register and will not make their breakthrough on Thursday. This adds to his condemnation of the BBC , which has now grown to a wish to see curbs on entertainment programmes such as Dr Who. And not content with that, he's also having a go at the pollsters who, in the litany of Faragian woes, seem to have it in for him.Nothing from The Great Leader, however, admits to any great error on his part, except perhaps to a minor misjudgement over Miliband's intentions on the referendum. Yet, despite some wishing to see what impact Farage might have on our sadly diminished House of Commons, we already know the answer to that from his performance in Strasbourg . Even on the key issue of asylum policy, all he could do was deliver a pub-bore rant Interestingly thehad Dominic Lawson commenting on the general theme of immigration, remarking that Farage is either deluded or trying to fool the public when he continually trots out his mantra that Ukip — in a UK outside the EU — would be able to control the figures by introducing "an Australian-style points system".Lawson recalls that Owen Paterson pointed out recently that the Australian points system has let in a greater proportion of immigrants relative to the existing population than we have done as signatories of EU freedom of movement treaties.The point is that there are almost uncountable numbers of aspiring immigrants to developed countries who have the skills that any points system demands. And as Paterson also noted: "As long as there are significant incentives to move, people will cross borders … When controls are imposed, people find a way round them . . . In the UK there are over 30 million visitors each year and attempts to pull up the drawbridge would simply lead to a massive surge in illegal immigration".The criticism here, though, is not confined to Ukip. All the parties pretend this is a force they can control as if it were a bathroom tap. Lawson asserts. Miliband has even commissioned the printing of Labour campaign mugs covered with the words "Controls on immigration". The real mug, Lawson says would be the voter who bought that — at least in the sense of believing it.The sad thing is that there are real world problems, for which no parties are currently offering sensible (or any) solutions. Over the weekend, for instance, rescue operations recovered more than 3,400 people off the coast of Libya on Saturday, as potential asylum seekers took advantage of the calm weather to renew their assault on fortress Europe.The Mediterranean may, for the moment, seem a long way away, but with record number of migrants already in reception camps in EU Member States, it is only a matter of time before some of these reach Calais with a view to crossing the Channel and claiming refuge in this country.Since no party has the answer to this problem – not even (and especially) Ukip - it is not surprising that the election campaign reverts to trivia and celebrity politics. Rather than whinging, though, Farage might reflect that if his party had come up with some credible policy ideas on key issues, voters might be more inclined to support him.But there's the rub. For Farage's complaints about the dumbing down of the election process to be justified, he and his supporters need to do more than contribute simplistic nostrums which are no better that the other parties' offerings.As it is, they are not anything like enough to convince voters that Ukip is a party to be taken seriously, which is why they have failed to register and will not make their breakthrough on Thursday.
Smoking bacon has a long history, but smog does not.
A Chinese official recently offered an intriguing explanation for his city's pervasive smog: bacon.
Xinhua, China's official press agency, reported that Rao Bing, an environmental official in the city of Dazhou, blamed the smoking of bacon for the city's air pollution. And, in response, civil servants began raiding and destroying facilities where meat is smoked.
Some onlookers, however, suspected that bacon was being scapegoated. Chinese skeptics took to Sina Weibo (China's equivalent to Twitter) to mock the decision: "Smoking bacon has a long history, but smog does not," one wrote.
And war on bacon aside, air pollution in China keeps rising. Smog in Beijing has once again reached hazardous levels — 20 times higher than the recommended limit in mid-January. Most experts tend to think the increasing numbers of cars and factories throughout the country are much a bigger culprit than bacon smoke. Still, the bacon uproar highlights how air pollution has become an increasingly incendiary issue there.
Author and Illustrator Information: Michael J. Green, MD, MS, is a Professor of Medicine and Humanities at Penn State College of Medicine, where he cares for patients, teaches medical students, and conducts research on informed medical decision making. He is a founding organizer of several international conferences on Comics and Medicine (www.graphicmedicine.org/comics-and-medicine-conferences) and is a member of the editorial collective of a forthcoming book series on graphic medicine from Penn State University Press. He teaches a course on comics and medicine to fourth-year medical students (whose comics can be viewed online at www2.med.psu.edu/humanities/for-medical-students/research-opportunities/graphic-storytelling-medical-narratives). The author wishes to acknowledge the Physicians Writers Group at Penn State Hershey who provided support and critical feedback on the story that inspired this comic.
Ray Rieck is a freelance illustrator and graphic designer with over 14 years of experience creating comics, storyboards, print and product design, children's activity books, and curricula. He teaches at Pennsylvania College of Art and Design in Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and can be found online at www.rayrieck.com.
September 19, 2016- El Paso's Hunter Renfroe takes batting practice as the team prepares for the Triple-A National Championship Game at AutoZone Park. (Nikki Boertman/The Commercial Appeal)
SHARE September 19, 2016- The field at AutoZone Park is painted with the logo of Triple-A National Championship Game, which will be held Sept. 20. (Nikki Boertman/The Commercial Appeal)
By Pete Wickham, Special to The Commercial Appeal
If Tuesday's Gildan Triple-A National Championship game is the last minor-league appearance for Hunter Renfroe and Clint Frazier, it would be no surprise.
Certainly, the right fielders competing in the championship contest — Renfroe for the Pacific Coast League champion El Paso Chihuahuas, Frazier for the International League champion Scranton-Wilkes Barre RailRiders — have put together resumes worthy of a step to the next level.
Renfroe, a former Mississippi State star who is the San Diego Padres' third-ranked prospect, could look at the game with something of a "victory lap" mentality.
"This is a place that's three hours from my hometown (Crystal Springs, Mississippi), so it's the first time my family and friends have been able to see me play this year," said Renfroe, who earned MVP honors after hitting .306 with 30 homers, 105 RBIs and 24 doubles in 128 games with the Chihuahuas, leading all Triple-A players in extra base hits (68) and total bases (290). "I've played here multiple times as a pro and in college, so if it is my last game in Triple-A it's a great way to go out."
Renfroe, the Padres' first-round pick in 2013, said that while the numbers encourage him through the day-to-day grind, he said his success this year has been "kinda staying through it, through the routine about how I go about my business every day, trying to get better offensively and defensively."
While several teammates have made the jump to the Padres, Renfroe said he's patiently waiting his turn. "It's always in the back of your mind, with everything that's on the internet. But right now I'm playing totally for these guys. San Diego will always be there, and when the time comes for them to make a decision, I'll be here."
His outfield defense has been as spectacular as his hitting, according to El Paso manager Rod Barajas, who still marvels at a Bo Jackson-esque throw from left field that is a YouTube hit.
"We can't see the corner from the dugout. I'm yelling 'Two!' because there's no way I think we can make a play at the plate," Barajas said. "Next thing I know there's this missile launching from the corner, perfect strike to the plate."
In fact, Barajas said that knowing when to go for it, and not go for it, on defense may be where the 24-year-old needs the most improvement. "He's a little like Yasiel Puig, with that huge arm," Barajas said. "The first instinct is to always go for the big play when you just have to hit the cutoff man."
Frazier has been the No. 1 prospect for two different teams. A first-round draft pick by Cleveland in 2013, the red-haired 22-year-old Georgian was the Tribe's top prospect until he was traded in July to the Yankees as part of a package for ace reliever Andrew Miller.
"That hurt and was tough to deal with, and I've had a lot of big-time names say some big-time things about what they think I can do. But I've also struggled more this year than I ever have in baseball," said Frazier, who was slowed by a hamstring injury and has struggled at the Triple-A level, hitting just .228 with three homers and seven RBIs in 25 games with the RailRiders.
"It may be a good thing to struggle now, and work through this kind of thing before I get to the big leagues," said Frazier, who will head to the Fall Instructional League after Tuesday.
"I've told him just relax," RailRiders manager Al Pedrique said. "The tools are there."
Redbirds general manager Craig Unger said, "We're closing in on 9,000 tickets" sold for the title game.
"We're close to the point where we will have just single tickets available."
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Junior doctors in England will take a second day of action on 10th of February, after contract talks ended without agreement.
The reasons for such action, which is rare (the last juniors strike was in 1975 over similar issues), go deeper than pay. And what must not be forgotten is that 98% of the 37,000 juniors balloted by the British Medical Association (BMA) agreed on a full-out strike.
The blame for another junior doctor's strike lies with Jeremy Hunt, who combines incompetence with spin. Health secretary devoted time and energy smearing doctors and playing politics, when he should have been finding a just and fair solution.
Junior doctors are the backbone of our hospitals, but they have been left feeling demoralized and offended by comments made by Ministers which suggest they don't already work seven-days a week and dispute is about pay.
(Image: Reuters)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Junior doctors are angry that the proposed new contract will extend the normal working pattern to weekends, so there will be no difference in their pay if they worked on a weekday or a weekend.
And as anyone will know it takes more than doctors to operate a fully functioning department, but the government is insistent on pushing their flawed 7 day working on the back of this juniors contract.
The notion that it is dangerous for patients to be admitted during a weekend because of increased mortality and the lack of doctors has been challenged by senior medics time and time again, and yet Jeremy Hunt and now David Cameron continue to peddle this untruth.
Alarming the public so that they get onto the politicians side is a worrying tactic, because as the government will well know the BMA is in support of a 7 day service but has asked repeatedly for the government to define what that would look like and how it will be funded.
(Image: PA)
The junior doctors must always be seen as one cog in the wheel, and not what 7 day services should be built on.
The public and politicians must not doubt that junior doctors have a deep commitment to the NHS and their patients. The NHS is in their DNA. The last thing they want to do is to cause disruption to patient care but they feel this is now their only option.
Trying to bully the juniors to accept unsafe working conditions is not going to cut any ice, and much of the goodwill that juniors had is now rapidly receding.
No amount of rhetoric on the airwaves will sway the public who see the government attacking our much respected junior doctors who already work tirelessly 24/7 in our NHS, often beyond their contracted hours of duty.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In past three months, the General Medical Council received several thousand requests for certificates allowing doctors to work overseas. Does Hunt realise that this punitive contract will result in our best juniors being creamed off by lucrative contracts abroad?
Furthermore, it will put many bright youngsters off studying medicine. The inevitable effect of this is the much greater risk to healthcare provision and patient safety throughout England, with the daunting prospect that it would take a generation to reverse the damage.
Before the last election, David Cameron promised 'A truly seven day NHS' in his election manifesto. However, it had one major problem: he didn't have any money to fund this nor indeed has he defined what he meant by it.
The idea that the PM can conjure up an excellent week-round service by forcing already stretched junior doctors to work longer for less is a delusion. When the present service is practically on its knees, it makes no sense to stretch it further.
(Image: Getty)
Jeremy Hunt's tactics have throughout been aggressive, self-defeatingly crude and mostly alienating. He tried – and failed – to divide juniors from their union.
If Hunt wants to resolve the dispute, he should be working with the BMA and the juniors to achieve a common goal, rather than labelling the BMA a road-block to his reforms. A divisive approach is not in his interests; nor does it serve the public.
The ten-part series, which centers on a 30-year-old criminal case, will debut worldwide on Dec. 18.
Netflix is getting into the true-crime business.
The streaming giant has picked up a new docuseries, Making a Murderer, centered on a 30-year-old criminal case, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
Inspired by a 2005 newspaper article, Making a Murderer focuses on Steven Avery, an outsider from the wrong side of the tracks who is convicted and later exonerated of a brutal assault. Avery's release triggered major criminal justice reform legislation and he filed a lawsuit that threatened to expose local law enforcement corruption and award him millions of dollars. But the in the middle of the civil case, he suddenly finds himself the prime suspect of a grisly new crime.
Making a Murderer hails from directors Laura Ricciardi and Moira Demos, who have been documenting the case for the last decade.
Netflix will present a special preview of the first two episodes at the DOC NYC film festival on Nov. 13 before the ten-part series premieres worldwide on the streaming service Dec. 18.
“There are an unbelievable number of twists and turns in the story arc of Making a Murderer, it feels like it has to be fictional,” said Lisa Nishimura, Netflix vp original documentary programming, in a statement. “Ricciardi and Demos have navigated very complex terrain and skillfully woven together an incredible series that leaves you feeling like you're right in the middle of the action.”
Added Ricciardi and Demos: “If we had not been there to witness these events we would have trouble believing they actually occurred. Our goal has always been to share that experience with viewers. Our partnership with Netflix has allowed us to tell this story in a way that wouldn't have been possible anywhere else."
Making a Murderer follows in the footsteps of other successful true-crime projects, most notably HBO's Robert Durst docuseries The Jinx and Sarah Koenig's widely popular This American Life spinoff, Serial.
Investigation Discovery recently debuted the true-crime series Do Not Disturb: Hotel Horrors from Joel Schumacher. The Last Man on Earth exec producers Phil Lord and Chris Miller are adapting the Serial podcast for TV.
Making a Murderer is the latest addition to Netflix's growing slate of original documentaries and docuseries including The Square, Virunga, What Happened, Miss Simone?, Winter on Fire: Ukraine's Fight for Freedom and Chef's Table.
Important information regarding audio in VODs. View this email in your browser Twitch Broadcasters,
Starting today, Twitch will be implementing technology intended to help broadcasters avoid the storage of videos containing unauthorized third-party audio. We respect the rights of copyright owners, and are voluntarily undertaking this effort to help protect both our broadcasters and copyright owners.
What Is Audio Recognition?
We've partnered with , which works closely with the recorded music industry, to scan past and future VODs for music owned or controlled by clients of Audible Magic. This includes in-game and ambient music. When music in the Audible Magic database is detected (“Flagged Content”), the affected portion of the VOD will be muted and volume controls for that VOD will be turned off. Additionally, past broadcasts and highlights with Flagged Content are exportable but will remain muted.
The Audible Magic technology will scan for third-party music in 30 minute blocks -- if Audible Magic does not detect its clients' music, that portion of the VOD will not be muted. If third party audio is detected anywhere in the 30-minute scanned block, the entire 30 minutes will be muted.
How It Works: Scanning VODs Only
Audio Recognition will only be run against audio in VODs. We are not scanning live broadcasts and there is no automated takedown of live content.
Flagged Content will display an on-screen notification informing viewers that content owned or controlled by a third party has been identified. The progress bar will also be red for the duration of the muted section.
Please note that Audio Recognition is not guaranteed to be 100% accurate. It may return false positives or miss content from copyright owners who do not work with Audible Magic. If you wish to include music in your VODs, please remember that you are responsible for clearing all such rights (this includes ambient music that may be playing in the background while you are broadcasting). If you would like to include free-to-use music in your VODs, there are a variety of resources available to you, including: Creative Commons
Jamendo
SongFreedom Broadcaster & Copyright Owner Appeals
If you believe that your video has been flagged improperly and that you have cleared the rights to all of the sound recordings in your uploaded video, then we will consider unmuting your video if you send us a counter-notification that is compliant with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”).
Any copyright owner that believes that any of their content is used in any live broadcasts or VOD without authorization should submit a notification of claimed infringement to Twitch pursuant to our . If you are the legal owner of copyrighted music that you would like to protect via Audible Magic's technology, visit
Twitch has partnered with Audible Magic without waiving any rights or defenses available to it under law. Twitch is not obligated to filter content stored on the Twitch platform by its users and assumes no liability for the actions of its users notwithstanding the implementation of the Audible Magic technology. Twitch reserves the right to stop filtering audio content in VODs in its sole discretion at any time and without liability to any third-party, subject only to any contractual obligations.
We want to hear your feedback and questions. Tune in to the following events to ask us (almost!) anything: Reddit AMA on /r/Twitch: Thursday, August 7, 10:30am PST
Twitch Weekly: Friday, August 8 at 2pm PST And, as always, please feel free to leave your comments in the blog. We will answer as best we can. Audible Magic , which works closely with the recorded music industry, to scan past and future VODs for music owned or controlled by clients of Audible Magic. This includes in-game and ambient music. When music in the Audible Magic database is detected (“Flagged Content”), the affected portion of the VOD will be muted and volume controls for that VOD will be turned off. Additionally, past broadcasts and highlights with Flagged Content are exportable but will remain muted.if Audible Magic does not detect its clients' music, that portion of the VOD willbe muted. If third party audio is detected anywhere in the 30-minute scanned block, the entire 30 minutes will be muted. Terms of Service . If you are the legal owner of copyrighted music that you would like to protect via Audible Magic's technology, visit AudibleMagic.com Learn More on the Blog
Editor's note: Watch the whole thing. With sound. Don't skip around. Just let it play, or else you're missing out.
Aging is fascinating thing to document in film and photography, from Noah Kalina's 12+ year portrait a day project to Diego Goldberg's family portrait series that began in 1976, it's interesting to see how many different approaches there are. This new clip titled Danielle from filmmaker Anthony Cerniello tries something I've never seen before and packs an amazing punch.
Last Thanksgiving, Cerniello traveled to his friend Danielle's family reunion and with still photographer Keith Sirchio shot portraits of her youngest cousins through to her oldest relatives with a Hasselblad medium format camera. Then began the process of scanning each photo with a drum scanner at the U.N. in New York, at which point he carefully edited the photos to select the family members that had the most similar bone structure. Next he brought on animators Nathan Meier and Edmund Earle who worked in After Effects and 3D Studio Max to morph and animate the still photos to make them lifelike as possible. Finally, Nuke (a kind of 3D visual effects software) artist George Cuddy was brought on to smooth out some small details like the eyes and hair.
The final result is pretty remarkable, if a little bizarre. Not quite out of the uncanny valley, and yet pause the movie at any moment and it feels like you're looking at a plain portrait. While it plays the transitions are just slow enough that you're only vaguely aware anything is happening. It's amazing as it is weird. He tells me via email:
I wanted to make a person, I felt like I could tell a story with that, but it ended up feeling slightly robotic, like an android. I'm OK with that. Things never come out the exact way you plan them, but that's the fun. The score I imagined would tell this woman's life, with events speeding by as she aged, but in the end I thought it would be more interesting to go with an abstract piece of sound, and my friend Mark Reveley really came through because I love how it sounds.
Cerniello normally edits commercials and music videos for the likes of 30 Seconds to Mars and Kings of Leon, you can see much more of his work over on his website.
Foreword by Anthony, decade in review by Janice Moore.
Ten years ago today, I started Watts Up With That with one simple blog entry.
Since then, I've had 15,559 Posts and 1,902,684 Comments and 291,103,411 Views as of this writing. (updated at publish time)
Running this website, changed my life, and helped to change the world, if only in a small way. The reach is worldwide, where at my former TV station I only reached northern California. Now I have people who love me and hate me on all seven continents. Best of all, I don't have to wear makeup to broadcast and sometimes I write in my skivvies. That's freedom, yet just like running a newspaper, there's always another story. You can't go a day without publishing, so it's freedom with a ball and chain attached. I have not taken a real vacation from blogging during that entire time. Still, I wouldn't trade it. I've written entries from all over the world, in China, Belgium, The UK, Australia, Canada, and hundreds of places in the USA. Thanks to WiFi, I've written from planes, trains, and automobiles. In the field, and in the city, from Skyscrapers to a Motel 6.
I'm made some enemies in the process, but I've also made many, many, friends. Some of the people I've met have helped me though difficult times, others have inspired, some have kept me focused when entropy threatened to wreak havoc. Some have provided content when I was too tired to go on. I thank you all. I thank these people who have helped me behind the scenes, but I also thank you; the regular, general readers, the lurkers, and even the detractors.
A few people I'd like to thank personally are listed below in no particular order. I'm sure I've forgotten somebody, it isn't intentional.
Steven McIntyre, Dr. Roger Pielke Senior, Dr. William Gray (deceased), Dr. Roy Spencer, Dr. John Christy, Dr. John Neilsen-Gammon, Dr. Leif Svalgaard, Dr. Judith Curry, Dr. William Happer, Dr. Richard Lindzen, Dr. Pat Michaels, Dr. Chip Knappenberger, Willis Eschenbach, Evan Jones, Bob Tisdale, Christopher Monckton, Dr. Tim Ball, Dr. S. Fred Singer, Kenneth Haapala, Tom Nelson, John Goetz, Jim Steele, Gary Boden, Frank Lansner, Larry Hamlin, William Briggs, Dennis Ambler, Bill Illis. Jeff Id, Indur Goklany, Alec Rawls, Verity Jones, Joe D'Aleo, John Coleman, David Middleton, Eric Worrall. Dave Stealey, Mike Lorrey, Mike Jonas, Robert E. Phelan (deceased) Charles Rotter, Steven Mosher, David Little, Dr. Ira Glickstein, Dr. Susan Crockford, Marc Morano, Matt Dempsey, Chris Horner, Myron Ebell, David Schnare, E. Calvin Beisner, Caroline Kettle, Viv Forbes, Bob Fernley-Jones, Pat Frank, Larry Kummer, Kip Hansen, Rud Istvan, Kest Green, Andrew Montford, Barry Woods, Dr. Benny Peiser, Scott Gates, David Hoffer, Dr. David Demming, Wim Rost, David Burton, Ronald Voisin, Mr. James Waters, Richard Drake, David Archibald, Andy May, Jo Nova, Simon from Sydney, Andi Cockroft, Poptech, Dr. David Evans, Alan Moran, Dr. Jennifer Marohasy, Chris Field, John A., Mike Bastasch, Matt Drudge, Mark Steyn, Melissa Howes, Nic Lewis, Jos de Laat, Dr. Roger Pielke Jr., James Delingpole, Paul Driessen, Russell Cook, Joseph Bast, Jim Lakely, James Taylor, Charlie Martin, Leo Goldstein, Roger L. Simon, Lucia Liljegren, Janice Moore, Marisa Mark, Ed Berardi, Dr. Robert Brown, Marcel Crok, Dr. Richard Tol, Stephen and Dr. Mary Graves, Juan Slayton, Ric Werme, Paul Homewood, and Josh (cartoonist extraordinaire).
Here are some people that haven't been all that nice to me, but deserve thanks nonetheless, because they've given me something to write about, debate, and criticize. While normally you don't thank detractors, I think WUWT would not have been as successful without them. Credit where credit is due.
Dr. James Hansen (who started this whole mess), Dr. Gavin Schmidt (who continues the mess Hansen started, er, well maybe, Trump might fire his egotistical ass), Al Gore (who turned it into a business), Joe Romm (who turned it into a hateful political mess), Dr. Peter Gleick (who showed us that crime doesn't pay), David Appell (who showed us that condescending people can have a nice side too), William Connolley (whose acidic condescending behavior ruined hundreds of Wikipedia pages, and shows none of the occasional kindness David Appell shows), David Suzuki (who proved that you can scare children with Santa Claus climate stories), Nick Stokes (who has shown us that unrelenting pig-headedness can be a virtue, but has displayed occasional kindness), Ken Rice (and then there's Physics, who has proven that one can have a degree in Astronomy, and still be dumber than a box of rocks when it comes to climate), Eli Rabbett (aka Dr. Joshua Halpern, who demonstrated a 10+ year fascination with snark and an invisible rabbit), disgraced former IPPC Chairman and apparent sex fiend Rajenda Pacahuri (who showed us that even Nobel prize winners can be scumbags while telling us we are practicing “voodoo science” for pointing out flaws in AR5) and last, and most certainly least, Dr. Michael Mann (who led the way downward in science with small-minded thinking, pettiness, statistical murder, Nature tricks, and obfuscation). As Dr. Roger Pielke Jr. once quipped, “if Michael Mann didn't exist, skeptics would have to invent him“.
I thank everyone who has made WUWT a success. This will be my last entry today. Later, I think I'll take a nap and then go out for a nice dinner and maybe a beer. I think I've earned it.
Anybody that wants to contribute to the beer fund can do so with the “Donate” button on the right sidebar.
I now turn it over to Janice Moore, who worked for weeks on this decade-long anthology of highlights, I am in her debt. She writes:
This document was a joy to research and compile, but, at times, it was quite a challenge; it is hard to type with tears in your eyes. This is quite a story… To create a rough sketch of WUWT's first decade, I tried to select a fairly representative sample, but, the sketch is colored by my own conscious and unconscious preferences. For instance, after the first couple of years, I skipped most of the solar threads (a worthwhile subject, but, well, we had had, by then, rather enough solar discussion for an anthology). (Note: the solar articles are easily found by using the WUWT Search Box (upper right margin).) Originally, I had a separate “HUMOR” section. I changed my mind and the humorous entries appear chronologically, mingled in with the straight education and current events, with the appalling and the dry, the technically eye-crossing (for us non-scientists) and the heart-rending, providing much-needed comedy relief in the midst of the grim battle for truth. I also started out with a “WISDOM” section, but have also incorporated those comments chronologically, sometimes separated from the rest of the thread (mostly to make my cutting and pasting revising easier!).
My goal in writing this anthology was to capture the heart of WUWT without distorting the original (i.e., keeping within the error bars of a reasonably accurate representation of the data, lol), complete, composition of WUWT. Please do not assume that because a given thread was not included I did not think it worthy. Some highly useful and or intriguing threads were left out due to their especially difficult technical nature or highly esoteric subject matter. Most likely, a given thread was not included simply for brevity's sake. As to the included selections, most are merely summarized in this anthology, thus, I hope you will go to the original document.
Re: reader comment selection — Again, brevity controlled. I tended to include comments that were: helpful to understanding the subject or especially witty or humorous or touching or “typical WUWT.” If you want to see troll comments, while I included a few for amusement, for most of them, you'll have to go to WUWT and see the thread. I refuse to give them one MORE stage upon which to parade their gobblinish song and dance.
Omitted text is usually indicated by “…” or “[ ]”, however, sometimes these punctuation marks were the original writer's own. Please know that much of the omitted text was delightfully entertaining and or highly informative. Brevity dictated most of the omissions. Also, sometimes I ghost edited to keep down edit mark clutter. Re: my edits for style or grammar or ease of reading or for dramatic effect: 1) while leaving typos and the like in would have preserved for this anthology the flavor of WUWT (where no editing is possible), I chose to idealize, to a point, the writing (if you want the humor of reading some fun typos, the link is right there to check it out); 2) please do not feel embarrassed at my corrections – we all understand the frustration that is typing on a “smart” phone or into a WordPress edit-not-possible reply box or the understandable difficulty of writing in English when it is not one's first language, and like issues; and 3) I sometimes left in an English-not-first-language writer's very charming mistakes, their “accent” being such a delight to “hear.”
If a link does not work, try pasting it into your browser. (There were some broken links as of this writing, but I left them in for reference.)
There is likely a way (not going to attempt to give IT advice) for you to take notes and to annotate this anthology to include favorite articles I left out. Turn it into your own creation! See also “Ric Werme's Guide to WUWT” (blue square in right margin) for WUWT Classics – a fine list of some of the best WUWT articles (several not included in this anthology).
Finally, a candle in the window for one who cannot speak, but who I know is there: Love is eternal, life immortal. “Death” is only a horizon and a horizon is only the limit of our vision.
Final word: Looking back over these ten years of smiles and frowns, of elation and agony, and of long, lonely, hours of hard work, this fact shines out above all the rest: one person can make a difference.
You see, [Anthony Watts,] you've really had a wonderful life.
Clarence Oddbody, Angel Second Class (before his promotion) in film “It's a Wonderful Life”
Always. Janice
NOTE: This is a very large PDF file, 2436 pages! Some may not be able to view it within your browser. Suggested reading is to do a “save as..” and download it.
wuwt-the-battle-for-science-the-first-ten-years (PDF 18.1 MB)
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
MONTREAL — If Quebec's largest labour federation had had its way, the Charbonneau Commission would never have happened.
After more than a month of damaging testimony linking some of the highest-ranking executives within the FTQ to organized crime, it had become abundantly clear why those executives weren't keen on the idea of a public inquiry examining corruption in the province's construction industry.
What became clear on Tuesday, however, was just how far the FTQ was willing to go to stop the commission from ever getting off the ground.
As former FTQ-Construction president Jean Lavallée took the stand for a third day, Justice France Charbonneau heard evidence suggesting that he and former FTQ president Michel Arsenault planned to use their political connections within the Parti Québécois to prevent the launch of an inquiry in mid-2009.
In a police wiretap recording from April of that year, Arsenault references a "deal with (Claude) Blanchet" — the husband of Quebec Premier Pauline Marois. The bottom line, Arsenault explains on the tape, is that the PQ "won't touch" the debate surrounding a possible inquiry. The then-Liberal government was reportedly considering a public probe in the wake of revelations about possible ties to organized crime within the FTQ, but there was little pressure from the opposition PQ to follow through. That apparently suited Arsenault just fine.
"We'll talk to Pauline," he adds on the recording.
Lavallée also makes mention of "our friends within the PQ" during the conversation.
Marois has made no secret of the fact that she met repeatedly with Arsenault (who is no longer head of the labour federation) and has defended those meetings, saying it's normal for politicians to interact with people from various spheres, including the province's labour unions. Her husband was the head of the union's multibillion-dollar investment fund until the late 1990s.
The PQ would eventually wade deeply into the debate surrounding a proposed public inquiry into corruption and collusion in the construction industry, and the party pushed hard for the creation of the Charbonneau Commission in 2010 and 2011.
Former premier Jean Charest finally created the Charbonneau Commission in the fall of 2011. The public hearings got underway in May 2012, and since taking power, the PQ has granted Charbonneau an 18-month extension on her mandate.
There is no evidence that Lavallée or Arsenault actually followed up on their phone conversation and met with Marois or other members of the PQ to prevent the inquiry from taking shape in 2009.
On the stand Tuesday, Lavallée denied there were any follow-ups and also continued to deny any and all wrongdoing during his more than two decades as president of FTQ-Construction. He did acknowledge, however, that he was a regular donor to the PQ and that his wife worked for the party for a decade.
"I had no meetings with the PQ (about preventing an inquiry)," he said, but then added that he wished he had done so. Lavallée was openly critical of the commission on Tuesday, telling Justice Charbonneau that he had been "convicted in advance ... so I'm telling you I'm frustrated to be at this inquiry and convicted in advance."
Lavallée defended his decision to do business with certain people linked to organized crime, saying he was unaware of any active ties. If he had been, he said, he would have intervened and put a stop to it.
"We are not corrupt people," Lavallée said of Quebec's union leaders. "We work hard."
He is expected to be back on the stand on Wednesday morning.
Mayor speaks out in defence of black-cab drivers and says Transport for London are consulting on language and geography tests for minicab firms
Boris Johnson, the mayor of London, has suggested that Uber drivers should have to pass language and geography tests before being allowed to operate in the city.
Speaking at his last ever State of London debate, Johnson came to the defence of black-cab drivers, who have been locked in a rivalry with cab app Uber since the firm came to the UK.
Johnson said: “It is not fair that a black-taxi driver has to spend four years getting the Knowledge and somebody else can just cruise in and take up the trade without really knowing how London works and how it all fits together.
“TfL (Transport for London) are currently consulting on a proper geographical test so you can't drive a minicab in London unless you know one end of the city from the other.
“We will do it in the same way we do for black cabs. It won't be like the Knowledge because I think it is important that the black cabs retain their distinctiveness.”
The Knowledge is the name given to an extensive test that black-cab drivers must pass before driving in London.
Uber, the San Francisco based minicab firm part owned by Google, came to the United Kingdom in June 2012.
All hail Uber! But what about the black cabs? Read more
Criticisms have been aimed at the firm over some drivers' apparent limited knowledge of London streets, although Uber has a test its drivers are required to sit before joining the firm.
Black-cab drivers' protests have also focused on Uber's low pricing model. The latest protest against the firm, organised by United Cabbies Firm, took place in May.
Johnson said Transport for London was not in a position to ban Uber, but said he disliked the “attitude” of “gigantic American internet companies”.
He told the audience at Indigo Hall: “I might not like some of the brash attitudes of these gigantic American internet companies and the way they think they can come over and disrupt the market in this country.
“I disapprove of it, I think they are setting out to do serious economic damage to the black-taxi trade but it is not possible for me simply to ban something and to expect that ban to work.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest How we tested Uber's system of checking cab drivers
An Uber spokesman said: “Uber agrees with Boris. We already interview our drivers face to ensure they have the necessary language skills but we would support a more stringent English language requirement for private hire drivers.
“A topographical test is currently undertaken by all PHV (private hire vehicle) drivers, but we also agree it should also be reformed.
“We would welcome a revision of the test to make it more stringent and to update content to reflect the needs of drivers and their ability supplement their own knowledge of the city with satellite navigation.”
Though Johnson was in full voice in his support for cabbies at Indigo Hall, the mayor did also hit the headlines last week for telling a black-cab driver who shouted abuse at him to “fuck off and die”.
Miller is known for his work on 'King of the Hill,' 'Girls' and 'American Dad!'
Girls showrunners Lena Dunham and Jennifer Konner have come out in support of Murray Miller after actor Aurora Perrineau filed a police report Friday alleging the writer sexually assaulted her, according to Buzzfeed News.
According to The Wrap, Perrineau claims that Murray raped her in 2012 when she was 17 years old. Based on a polygraph test from September, which Perrineau says she passed, she met Miller at the Standard Hotel while having drinks with some friends. The group eventually drove the 35-year-old to his home because he was intoxicated. Then they all went inside, although Perrineau claims she did not want to go into the house.
“At some point, I woke up in Murray's bed naked. He was on top of me having sexual intercourse with me. At no time did I consent to any sexual contact with Murray.”
Miller's attorney, Matthew Walerstein, said his client “categorically and vehemently denies Ms. Perrineau's outrageous claims.” According to Walerstein's statement to The Wrap, Perrineau had lawyers contact Miller several weeks ago seeking “substantial monetary damages” from him.
After being contacted several weeks ago by lawyers who–on Ms. Perrineau's behalf–sought substantial monetary damages from him, Mr. Miller's legal team gathered overwhelming evidence directly contradicting these false and offensive claims. Only after her demands for money were rebuffed did Ms. Perrineau go to the police. Mr. Miller looks forward to sharing all evidence and information with any and all authorities seeking the truth in this matter.
Dunham and Konner told Buzzfeed News that they are ‘confident' this is a rare instance of someone misreporting sexual assault,
…during every time of change there are also incidences of the culture, in its enthusiasm and zeal, taking down the wrong targets. We believe, having worked closely with him for more than half a decade, that this is the case with Murray Miller. While our first instinct is to listen to every woman's story, our insider knowledge of Murray's situation makes us confident that sadly this accusation is one of the 3% of assault cases that are misreported every year. It is a true shame to add to that number, as outside of Hollywood women still struggle to be believed. We stand by Murray and this is all we'll be saying about this issue.
Related Reading
‘Girls' Writer Murray Miller Accused of Raping Underage Actress Aurora Perrineau
Actor Aurora Perrineau Files Police Report Accusing “Girls” Writer Of Sexual Assault
Lena Dunham Defends Girls Writer Murray Miller From Sexual Assault Allegation
(Adds Liberal reaction, poll showing Conservative strength, details)
By Randall Palmer and David Ljunggren
OTTAWA, Dec 4 (Reuters) - Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper won a rare suspension of Parliament on Thursday, managing to avoid being ousted by opposition parties angry over the minority Conservative government's economic plans and an attempt to cut off party financing.
Governor General Michaelle Jean — the representative of Queen Elizabeth, Canada's head of state — agreed to Harper's request to shut down Parliament until Jan 26. Parliament was reconvened just weeks ago after the Oct. 14 election.
Harper's request for suspension was unprecedented. No prime minister had asked for Parliament to be suspended to avoid a confidence vote in the House of Commons.
Such a vote had been set for Monday and the Conservatives almost certainly would have lost it, and faced the possibility of being replaced by a coalition of opposition parties.
After a two-hour meeting with the governor general, Harper reaffirmed his promise to present a budget on Jan 27 and called on the opposition to work with the government over the next few weeks to tackle the effects of the global financial crisis.
“Today's decision will give us an opportunity — and I'm talking about all the parties — to focus on the economy and to work together,” he told reporters.
The opposition Liberals, New Democrats and the separatist Bloc Quebecois — all to the left of the Conservatives — had signed a deal to defeat the Conservatives and put forward a Liberal-New Democrat coalition to form a new government.
The Bloc, which wants to take French-speaking Quebec out of Canada, pledged to back the coalition's budgets and general policy direction.
The governor general's role in government, as representative of the Crown, is largely ceremonial, though she has the final word on constitutional matters. Should the government be defeated in a confidence vote, she would decide whether to call a new election or allow the opposition to form a coalition government.
CONSTITUTIONAL BATTLE
Harper's gambit was the latest development in a constitutional battle that erupted last week after he tried to eliminate direct subsidies of political parties, a move that would have hit the opposition particularly hard.
He backed down on that, but the opposition parties also say they are upset that the government has not dealt adequately with the economic crisis and said it had lost the confidence of the House of Commons.
Liberal leader Stephane Dion, who would have become prime minister under the opposition's coalition plan, said nothing he heard from Harper on Thursday had changed his mind about trying to bring down the government.
However, he did appear to open the door a crack to not proceeding with such a plan.
“This is about replacing Stephen Harper unless he made a monumental change,” he told a news conference. “It means a recovery plan, a real recovery plan.”
The New Democrats and Bloc maintained their insistence that Harper could not be trusted and must be removed, as did some members of Dion's Liberal caucus.
“You can run but you can't hide,” said Bob Rae, who is looking to become Liberal leader when Dion steps down early in May. He predicted the opposition would topple Harper early next year.
However the front-runner in the Liberal leadership race, Michael Ignatieff, said he imagined Jean may have told Harper “to have a think” and that would be good advice for all politicians on both sides of the dispute.
Liberal legislator Keith Martin told reporters after a caucus meeting that bringing the Conservatives down was “not at all” a done deal.
In the back of their minds may be the fact that in much of the country the idea of a formal agreement with the separatists did not go down well.
An Ekos opinion poll taken as the crisis reached its peak showed the Conservatives had shot up in popularity to 44 percent, enough to get a parliamentary majority if an election were held today, up from the 37.6 percent they received in the Oct. 14 vote.
Liberal support dropped to 24.1 percent from 26.2 percent, the New Democrats fell to 14.5 percent from 18.2 percent and the Bloc edged down to 9.2 percent from 10.0 percent.
The poll, released late on Thursday by CBC television, covered 2,536 respondents from Dec. 2-3 and carried a 1.9 point margin of error, 19 times out of 20. (Additional reporting by Louise Egan, editing by Peter Galloway)
Brian Cronin said last year,
First off, right off the bat, it is just ludicrous not to collect a Mike Mignola-written Batman series. Mignola is one of the most popular comic book creators in the industry today, and while it is fair to note that he did not DRAW this series (if he did, there's no doubt that it WOULD have been reprinted by now), he still wrote it and that should still be a major sales pitch.
Well, DC, listened. Batman: The Doom That Came To Gotham by Mike Mignola and Troy Nixey – out in time for Christmas folks.
Yes, a bunch of DC Comics listings appear to have hit Amazon. As well as they previously mentioned the Jill Thompson Wonder Woman book and schedules for Grant Morrison and Yanick Paquette‘s Wonder Woman Earth One we can also look forward to:
Absolute Green Lantern/Green Arrow collecting the work of Dennis O'Neil and Neal Adams with additional script and character development pages as well as character sketches, and they also have their work in Showcase Presents: Batman Vol. 6
Flinch Book One, collecting the Vertigo horror anthology series with work from Brian Azzarello, Frank Quitely, Garth Ennis, Ty Templeton, Eduardo Russo, Bill Willingham, Doug Mahnke, Greg Rucka and possibly Jim Lee‘s greatest story to date.
The existing Green Lantern by Geoff Johns volume is joined by The Flash By Geoff Johns Book One collecting The Flash #164-176, The Flash Iron Heights #1, The Flash Secret Files #3, The Flash: Our Worlds At War #1.
Mike Mignola also pops up in The Phantom Stranger collection for December, reprinting The Phantom Stranger #1-4, Action Comics Weekly #610, 613-614, 617, 623, 631-634, 636, 641, Secret Origins #10 and DC Comics Presents #72.
The DC Unwrapped line featuring comics in a deluxe format showing just the pencils, adds The Blackest Night Unwrapped and Batman R.I.P. Unwrapped to its list, with Jim Lee‘s black & white work in Batman Noir: Hush.
Following up on Marshall Law, Pat Mills and Kevin O'Neill get their Metalzoic series reprinted.
Chuck Dixon and Tom Lyle‘s Robin series gets collected in big 200+ page volumes starting with Robin Vol 1: Reborn.
Scott Snyder and Greg Capullo get their Courts Of Owls collected big and bold as Absolute Court of Owls and Scott also gets his name on Swamp Thing By Scott Snyder Deluxe Edition.
For more Deluxe editions, well we have Neil Gaiman and JH Williams‘ Sandman: Overture Deluxe Edition, Grant Morrison and friends' The Multiversity Deluxe Edition. Brad Melter and Phil Hester‘s Green Arrow: Archer's Quest Deluxe Edition, Paul Pope‘s Batman: Year 100 Deluxe Edition and Grant Morrison and Duncan Fegredo‘s Kid Eternity Deluxe Edition and Jeff Lemire‘s Sweet Tooth Deluxe Edition Book One.
All very shelf-worthy.
Behind the scenes gallery stuff for specific creators in DC's Graphic Ink line, namely Graphic Ink: Ivan Reis and Graphic Ink: Darwyn Cooke.
And Frank Miller's Dark Knight Returns gets collected with Dark Knight Strikes Again and a bunch of backmatter as Batman: The Dark Knight Returns Deluxe Edition
And we even get Boy Commandos by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby Vol. 1
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Introduction
Hello from the internrocket.com development team! We're a small startup based in Bloomington, IL with the goal of helping people find their perfect career. This is the first of many tutorials from the unique development strategies we used to create the site. In the future we'll be discussing topics such as security, JavaScript, Java EE, CSS3, and more.
We made the choice to build in Angular from the beginning, back when it was at version 1.0.1 in 2012. There have been many lessons learned by our team in the years since, and we think it's about time we share that knowledge back to the Angular community.
If you have any questions or suggestions tweet us @internrocket!
Now on with the tutorial!
What is a Custom Root URI?
What we mean is something similar to the URI you have for your Twitter or Facebook profile e.g https://twitter.com/internrocket, https://facebook.com/internrocket. Everything after the domain name is just your profile name, so we say this is at the “root” of the path.
Requirements
We wanted a system robust enough that wouldn't require us to have to plan out every root URI we would ever need while still supporting as many custom URIs as possible. Twitter implements a system where some of their non-custom root URIs fall under a “/i/” e.g. twitter.com/i/notifications. While most links could follow the twitter “/i/” pattern, it was important that the system supported at least some root level URIs especially the ones visible to visitors that are not yet signed in such as internrocket.com/404. Additionally we started integrating our system after we had developed a significant portion of the website, so we wanted to have as little effect on the existing code base as possible. We didn't want to have to rewrite or refactor every existing link on the site.
Before the URI change
Our routes would have looked something like this in our module config using $routeProvider directly:
$routeProvider.when('/', {
templateUrl: '/views/home.html',
controller: 'homeController'
}).when('/404', {
templateUrl: '/views/404.html',
controller: '404Controller'
}).when('/login', {
templateUrl: '/views/login.html',
controller: 'loginController'
}).when('/explore', {
templateUrl: '/views/explore.html',
controller: 'exploreController'
}).when('/intern/:id', {
templateUrl: '/views/profile-user.html',
controller: 'profileUserController'
}).otherwise({
redirectTo: '/404'
});
In that example we have 3 URIs that need to stay at the root: “/”, “/404", and “/login”. The others, “/explore” and “/intern/:id/”, can be put under a “/i/” prefix.
Our links throughout the site were like this:
<a ng-href="/explore">Explore</a>
<a ng-href="/login">Login</a>
Location changes in controllers were like this:
$location.path("/explore");
Since we had so many links and references to $location.path() we decided to avoid the possibility of having to write in “/i/” to these links.
Hijacking $routeProvider
The solution to all our requirements was developing a system of registering the entirety of our route config as a set of redirects before registering all of our routes under an “/i/” prefix.
In the module config e.g. angular.module(‘myApp', []).config(…) before route config:
var getPath = function(path) {
return '/i' + (path.indexOf('/') === 0 ? path : '/' + path);
};
var config = {
when: function(path, route) {
if(route.overrideRoot) {
$routeProvider.when(path, route);
} else {
var redirect = angular.copy(route);
delete redirect.templateUrl;
delete redirect.controller;
redirect.redirectTo = getPath(path);
$routeProvider
.when(path, redirect)
.when(getPath(path), route);
}
return this;
}, otherwise: function(config) {
$routeProvider.otherwise(config);
return this;
}
};
This new config object will replace $routeProvider when you register your routes.
The new routes look like this:
config.when('/', {
templateUrl: '/views/home.html',
controller: 'homeController',
overrideRoot: true
}).when('/404', {
templateUrl: '/views/404.html',
controller: '404Controller',
overrideRoot: true
}).when('/login', {
templateUrl: '/views/login.html',
controller: 'loginController',
overrideRoot: true
}).when('/explore', {
templateUrl: '/views/explore.html',
controller: 'exploreController'
}).when('/intern/:id', {
templateUrl: '/views/profile-user.html',
controller: 'profileUserController'
}).when('/:id', {
templateUrl: '/views/custom-url.html',
controller: 'customUrlController',
overrideRoot: true
}).otherwise({
redirectTo: '/404'
});
Note the addition of .when(‘/:id', …). That's where the new custom URI route is!
Results
Now we can safely navigate to “/”, “/404", and “/login” as before; however, when we navigate to “/explore”, or “/intern/:id” we get redirected to “/i/explore” and “/i/intern/:id”. None of our existing links need to be changed! We now have the ability to navigate to user profiles at the root of the path e.g. https://internrocket.com/internrocket!
Cheers!
We'll be back next time with some more interesting things you can do with $routeProvider by tapping into your route config from within your controllers and services including some sweet authenticated routes!
by Massimo Muzzi
Fashion Desk – Europe
After curating some of the most spectacular venues in recent memory – who could forget the glacial crystals of the bamboo forest, or the holographic tomb of Cleopatra? – Narcis Dravinski, the Croatian Count of Couture, has produced an indulgent new fall fashion series.
His new “Elabor8 MZFIT” collection is a whirlwind of over-the-top ornamentation and decadent detail, a career-defining miracle of modernity. Dravinksi's mix of robotic-chic and Antebellum punk incorporates shiny wearables with traditional leathers and decorative chiffon.
“Elabor8 MZFIT is a revelation and blends the unique technical style of today's street youth with the decadence of the Antebellum South,” said fashion icon Kingsley Mire.
Dravinski presented the collection at his 17-model runway show on the lip of the Piazza de Baggio, showcasing voluminous A-line dresses, stiff metal tech bracelets, and neoprene hoop skirts with elaborate sequin patterns.
As the show came to a finale at the end of the night, Dravinksi was as sanguine as ever. “This movement is as true to who Narcis Dravinksi is as an artist as there ever was or ever will be... or at least until next year's collection,” he added with his signature whimsical smirk.
Dravinksi showcases his stunning new “Elabor8 MZFIT” collection in Milan, Italy
Amid new revelations that the U.S. actually forked over $1.7 billion to Iran in foreign hard currency around the time four American prisoners were released – far more than the $400 million initially reported – the Obama administration is facing renewed pressure from Congress to explain the payment that Republicans have called “ransom.”
With Congress back from the summer recess, already one committee has a hearing on the transaction scheduled for Thursday. Republicans introduced at least two pieces of legislation on Tuesday meant to crack down on such payments.
And the Donald Trump campaign is seizing on the latest revelations to hammer the administration and his Democratic opponent.
“President Obama's secret $400 million ransom payment to Iran already set an incredibly dangerous precedent, and news that it was followed by two more plane loads of cash only makes this blunder even worse,” Trump spokesman Jason Miller said in a statement. “Hillary Clinton's support for President Obama's approach to Iran, including the deeply flawed nuclear deal she helped spearhead, reflects the same bad judgment that characterized her foreign policy decision-making as Secretary of State.”
It was already known that the administration delivered $400 million to Iran on Jan. 17, the same day Iran agreed to release four American prisoners – as part of a bigger $1.7 billion payment.
The administration is now acknowledging the full $1.7 billion payment was made entirely in cash, using non-U.S. currency.
Congressional officials told the Wall Street Journal that the remaining $1.3 billion was paid in two more installments delivered on Jan. 22 and Feb. 5, just days after the initial release of prisoners.
The $1.7 billion represented the settlement of a decades-old arbitration claim between the U.S. and Iran.
A Treasury spokeswoman said the cash payments were necessary because of the "effectiveness of U.S. and international sanctions," which isolated Iran from the international finance system. The payments were made in Swiss francs, euros and other currencies. The $1.3 billion represented estimated interest on the Iranian cash the U.S. had held since the 1970s.
White House officials have said that they believed the U.S. would lose the arbitration case over the initial $400 million payment. Such a decision would have made them liable for much more money.
But congressional Republicans accuse the White House of paying ransom to Iran in exchange for the prisoners, a charge President Obama has rejected.
On Tuesday, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., and Rep. Ed Royce, R-Calif., introduced bills that would crack down on such payments.
"The U.S. government should not be in the business of negotiating with terrorists and paying ransom money in exchange for the release of American hostages," Rubio said in a statement.
The senator's proposal would bar the U.S. government from paying ransom and prohibit further payments to Iran from the so-called Judgment Fund until Iran returns “ransom money” and pays American victims of Iranian terrorism.
Royce's bill would bar cash payments to Iran.
Royce, the chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, blasted the administration over what he called a “cash ransom” to Iran.
“What on earth was the White House thinking?” he said in a statement. “Sending the world's leading state sponsor of terror pallets of untraceable cash isn't just terrible policy. It's incredibly reckless, and it only puts bigger targets on the backs of Americans.”
Meanwhile, the House Financial Services Oversight Subcommittee is holding a hearing Thursday examining the Iran payment. Subcommittee Chairman Rep. Sean Duffy, R-Wis., said the big problem with the payments is that they were in cash – making them “untraceable.”
“The Iranians wanted hard, cold cash going to their military to fund their terrorist network,” Duffy told Fox News on Wednesday.
The Obama administration had claimed the transfer and the prisoner release were unrelated events, but recently acknowledged the initial cash payment was used as leverage until the Americans were allowed to leave Iran.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Jake Boyer went to prom dressed as Lady Gaga. (Courtesy of WDBJ.)
What a difference a year makes.
Boyer, who is the senior class secretary, a choir member and editor of the school's literary magazine, told the station he was immediately accepted when he announced to his family and friends he was gay.
Friends urged him to run for prom queen and he, well, ran with it. He said he at first met with some resistance from school administrators. But two weeks before the prom, the school agreed to the idea, a friend of Boyer's told WDBJ.
Boyer won the honor (echoing a recent episode of the popular television show “Glee,”), and dressed in drag, as Lady Gaga, for the dance.
"This was as much a social experiment as it was a fun thing to do," Boyer told WDBJ. He went on to say: "This prom queen thing sort of became a manifestation of, ‘all right, this is who I am. It's time to show it off.' "
Here's WDBJ's report:
Toronto police say they have located one of the three Chinese nationals studying in Canada who was targeted in a kidnapping scam.
Juanwen Zhang, 20, was found safe on Saturday following reports that two others, Yue (Kandy) Liu, 17, and Ke (Jaden) Xu, 16, were also missing.
Police said they have information that suggests these students may have received threatening phone calls before disappearing.
"They're being told they need to go into hiding, not to use their cellphones, not to contact their families and not to use any form of social media or the internet," said Const. Craig Brister.
After that, he explained the scammer calls the victims' family members in China to tell them their relative has been kidnapped with demands for a "large ransom."
Police concerned for student's safety
Liu, one of the two students still missing, was last seen at 10:30 a.m. ET on Friday in the Yonge Street and Finch Avenue West area.
Brister said Saturday that police are concerned for Liu's safety. She was reported missing by her guardian, he said.
Liu is described as five-feet-six with a thin build, long black hair and brown eyes. When last seen, she was wearing a knee-length brown jacket, a white scarf, blue track pants and black and white shoes.
Yue (Kandy) Liu, 17, was last seen on Friday at 10:30 a.m. ET in the Yonge Street and Finch Avenue West area. (Toronto Police Service)
Xu, the other missing student, was last seen at 10:30 a.m. ET on Thursday around Eglinton Avenue East and Midland Avenue.
He is described as six-feet-one with a thin build. He has short black hair, brown eyes and was wearing a red winter jacket, grey pants and carrying a black backpack.
'Basically tricking people': expert
Similar scams targeting Chinese students have been reported elsewhere in Canada, police said, but this is the first time it has happened in Toronto.
Joseph Steinberg, a cybersecurity expert, said virtual kidnapping began by targeting the Spanish community.
It started, he explained, because scammers believed that many people from this group would be scared to contact police because they are in Canada illegally. But it only grew from there.
Ke (Jaden) Xu, 16, was last seen on Thursday at 10:30 a.m. ET in the Eglinton Avenue East and Midland Avenue area. (Toronto Police Service)
"At this point it has spread and it is pretty much targeting everybody," Steinberg said.
He added that it's hard for investigators to pinpoint who the scammer is because others have copied the scheme to turn a profit.
"These scams aren't like classical, real kidnappings where someone says, 'Pay a large amount of money and you have 24 hours,'" he said.
"It's basically tricking people into thinking that their loved one or their co-worker is in danger when that person is totally safe."
If either of the students is located, members of the public are urged to call police.
Anyone with information regarding these scams is asked to call police at (416) 808-5200 or (416) 808-4100, or Crime Stoppers at (416) 222-8477.
A suspected commercial sex worker in her twenties was reportedly electrocuted on Monday at a clients place in Highfield, Harare, while hanging clothes on the laundry line outside.
The woman had been hired overnight on Sunday evening, but decided to wash her clients clothes the following morning and as she was hanging the clothes on the laundry line, she was electrocuted, dying on the spot, said Lameck Chirwa, who stays in the neighbourhood where the incident occurred.
But in a dramatic development, the deceaseds relatives
have reportedly refused to bury her, demanding payment of roora (bride price) first from the alleged client, Last Mbele.
An officer at Machipisa Police Station confirmed the incident, but referred further questions to Harare provincial police spokesperson Inspector James Sabau.
Sabau could, however, not comment as he was said to be in a meeting.
The sex worker, Mati Nhamo, had reportedly spent the night at her clients place and decided to do laundry the following morning when tragedy struck.
Reports gathered indicated that the laundry line could have come into contact with a live cable resulting in her instant electrocution after she touched the line.
Zimbabwe Electricity Supply Authority (Zesa) personnel who ferried the deceaseds body to Machipisa Police Station, from where it was transferred to Harare Central Hospital for post-mortem blamed the death on an electrical fault.
The troubled client, Mbele, said he was in a dilemma as the woman was only his regular girlfriend, insisting that the deceaseds family should press charges against Zesa and not him as he was not responsible for the death.
Meanwhile, Nhamos body was still at Parirenyatwa Hospital pending finalisation of the matter between the concerned families.
On Saturday, Cointelegraph wrote on why Dash dislodged Ethereum Classic from sixth place on CoinMarketCap.
The Boulder, Colorado-based Charles Hoskinson of Ethereum Classic thinks it's premature to make the conclusion Dash has won and ETC has lost.
Hoskinson says:
"Markets are volatile and a single day of trading could produce the opposite reaction. It's more important to focus on the community, the roadmap, and the resources that are behind the cryptocurrency."
Besides, he stated that as well as its core technology, ETC is significantly more advanced in design than Dash because the latter is a copy of Bitcoin with heavy modifications. However, ETC is a fork of Ethereum. Hoskinson who left Ethereum because of a disagreement on how to use investors' funds and later joined Ethereum Classic after the former's hard fork also believed there are more challenges confronting ETC than Dash.
Difference between ETC and Dash
"Many of the original holders of ETC, due to the nature of its distribution, did not consider it viable and simply dumped them,” says Hoskinson. “For example, a public disclosure from the Ethereum Foundation stated they liquidated a large percentage of their ETC holdings. I suspect many actors affiliated with the Ethereum Foundation did the same. But despite that, ETC has remained tremendously resilient and continues to grow by all reasonable metrics from community size to Twitter mentions to development progress. There are three independent development teams supporting three different clients. Lots of groups gather for meeting such as the London and Shanghai monetary policy events.”
Hoskinson is convinced that it is wrong to directly compare ETC and Dash regardless of their position on CoinMarketCap and that comparison to Monero or Litecoin makes much more sense for Dash.
These cryptocurrencies share similar technology, goals and also have a direct connection to Bitcoin, whereas ETC should be compared with other smart contract systems like ETH, Rootstock and Lisk.
From his perspective relative to Litecoin, Dash is making great progress and actually has a huge advantage over most coins.
Where ETC and ETH differ
When asked to explain the dichotomy between Ethereum and Ethereum Classic, he had this to say:
"The core differentiator is the interpretation of the social contract behind transactions. ETC feels that the original mandate that code is the law should not be violated regardless of the social consequences. Whereas ETH is willing to make exceptions if the event is large enough as proven by the DAO incident.
I think there is room for these two philosophies to co-exist. Furthermore, there is also a strong desire in ETC to remain on a PoW based consensus system and not fully embrace PoS.
So you could say ETC is more closely aligned in spirit to the philosophy of Bitcoin but there is more flexibility to make changes. For example, we are likely going to alter monetary policy and the consensus system."
Hoskinson also acknowledges that Ethereum's original core focus was on code running as written censorship-free. "There was always freedom to change monetary policy in the roadmap. So there are some similarities here, but it isn't exactly the same," he adds.
More forks to come
Even though ETC had already undergone two hard forks, the most recent one being the die hard fork, Hoskinson revealed that this will not be the last.
According to him, ETC differentiates protocol changes that enhance things or correct bugs from changes to the social contract and will likely have several more hard forks in the roadmap ahead.
"This is another common misconception of ETC, we are not anti-fork, and we've so far performed them without any major issues," the developer explains. “It is ok to fork a protocol. Every protocol needs the ability to do this from time to time because people make mistakes or technology evolves."
Share. Cayden James is at it again. Cayden James is at it again.
Warning: Full spoilers for the episode below.
Normally, midseason finales are always worth looking forward to in the Arrowverse. If the series is question is already on firm footing, the new twists and story developments only further that momentum. And if the show is struggling at the time, these episodes offer a chance to ramp things up and pave the way for a stronger second half to come. Sadly, neither was the case with “Irreconcilable Differences.” Arrow was in a rough place before now, and this episode does nothing to suggest that things will improve in 2018.
The thing about Arrow is that even in its weaker period during Seasons 3 and 4, at least it had strong, memorable villains to fall back upon. Season 6 doesn't even have that. Michael Emerson's Cayden James is easily the least compelling main villain this series has ever had. Sure, Emerson's performance elevates the character somewhat, but that can only do so much to hide the character's lack of depth or interesting wrinkles. This episode didn't even bother to flesh out James' vague vendetta against Oliver Queen, leaving James to devolve into a villain obsessed with destruction for destruction's sake.
Nor did “Irreconcilable Differences” do anything to escalate James as a threat. It simply told another story about James and Black Siren aiming to steal a techno doodad and Quentin being torn between his loyalty to Team Arrow and his need to make Evil Laurel see the error of her ways. That Quentin/Laurel material at least worked pretty well this week. Quentin finally seems to be breaking through to the good, decent person beneath all the snarling and black leather, and that led to some good, emotionally charged moments between the two characters. Unfortunately, it seems the usual cycle with those two will be continuing on for a while.
Quentin was really the saving grace of this episode. The only other real high point came early on, during the scene where Quentin bequeathed his father's watch to Ollie. That served as a really strong moment between the two, one that cemented the odd little father/son bond they've built up over the years., It really highlights how much the two have grown and changed over the course of six seasons. Just imagine Season 1-era Quentin making that sort of gesture.
With the Cayden James conflict failing to light up the series, the writers seemed intent on compensating by ramping up the personal drama among Team Arrow. Dinah's connection to Vigilante was exposed. Rene's was revealed as a traitor. Curtis didn't take too kindly to being spied on by his own teammates. The takeaway being that Team Arrow has never been more divided, even as their enemies are uniting against them.
Honestly, that final reveal should have been the spark to reinvigorate this season. It's basically akin to Arrow gaining its own Legion of Doom. Except that the Legion of Doom worked so well on Legends of Tomorrow because it was a group of well-established villains with significant ties to the show's main heroes. This group seems little more than “whomever happens to be available at the moment.” Why is Anatoly part of this super-group? Why is Vigilante suddenly a supervillain mastermind? Why is the appearance of Ricardo Diaz significant when the character has had all of two minutes of screen time this season? There's no weight to any of this because there was no effort to build up this team before now.
Exit Theatre Mode
The same goes for the interpersonal drama plaguing Team Arrow. It feels like a very abrupt shift to have Ollie suddenly brooding again and doubting his team, especially in light of the cheerful wedding sequence that opened this episode. The Rene reveal is equally frustrating, as there was never any sense that he was hiding a secret of that caliber beforehand. The writers really needed to have done more to pave the way for this Team Arrow breakup leading up to this episode. As it is, it feels like they're simply rehashing the same beats from Season 5, where Ollie had to learn to put his trust in others again.
With this sudden Team Arrow breakup, Thea's return and Ollie's abrupt return to the costumed lifestyle, there's a sense that the writers are making a lot of sudden course-corrections and restoring the series to a more traditional status quo. I certainly won't argue that the series is badly in need of fine-tuning right now, but none of these changes strike me as being for the best. If anything, they only contribute to the sense that Arrow is lost and foundering right now. We're now effectively halfway through Season 6, and there's no clear sense of direction or endgame right now. Far from reinvigorating a struggling series, this midseason finale has only deepened the show's storytelling problems.
Hannah Arendt (1906-1975) was one of the more influential writers on political thought during the twentieth century. Born in Germany, her political views and Jewish origins (she was also Jewish in identity though not in religion) meant not only that she had to leave Germany after the Nazi takeover, but that she had to escape from Gestapo interrogation. A period in Paris was ended by the 1940 German invasion, which led to another escape from detention, and her final destination of the United States. She was able to draw on this direct experience of totalitarianism and antisemitism to write The Origins of Totalitarianism, one of the classic works on this topic, which also considers the role of political anti-Semitism, as distinct from older religious prejudice, in the formation of the modern phenomenon of totalitarianism.
Arendt reached beyond an academic and scholarly audience in her most widely ready book, Eichmann in Jerusalem: A Report on the Banality of Evil, based on her journalistic reporting on the trial of one of the major administrators of the Holocaust, Adolf Eichmann. Though the book did much to draw attention to the extreme horror of Holocaust, and and its history, which strange as it might seem now was not the object of a great deal of public or scholarly discussion in the immediate postwar period, also led Arendt into a morass of angry criticism and even hatred, in part for supposedly trivialising Eichmann's criminality. However, the point of referring to the ‘banality of evil' was not to say that the Holocaust was trivial, or to deny Eichmann's criminality, but to suggest that as a person he was more of a small minded conformist than a grandiose anti-hero of apocalyptic evil.
From the point of view of Arendt's work in political theory, her writing on the Holocaust and totalitarianism, contributed to her understanding of modern politics in its darkest possibilities, which were distinct from older forms of tyranny. That understanding itself drew on the breadth of her historical approach, including literary and cultural interest, which went back to the Ancient Greek beginnings of western political thought. Her understanding also included the ethical and religious thought of late antiquity, as can be seen in her doctoral dissertation, Love and Saint Augustine. She had a general appreciation of the whole of human life, with regard to consciousness and action, which is behind The Life of the Mind and can be found in some of her political theory, most obviously The Human Condition.
Arendt's interest and appreciation of ancient politics, particularly the democracy of city state Athens, sometimes leads to her being labelled a nostalgic and a believer in anti-individiualistic integrated communities. This can only be a parody though, Arendt thought that there might be some things to learn about modern politics through comparison with antiquity, but she did not advocate a return, and her interest in antiquity was in those communities like Athens and the Roman Republic, where we can see individualism growing and a decline in community based on adherence to tradition and to communal assumptions.
Arendt thought that the Athenians had achieved liberty of a significant kind for the aristocracy, and to some degree for the lower classes, on a real but limited basis in which some had the leisure to think and argue about the rules and laws of the city state. That form of library rested on ‘heroic' and patriarchal values according to which the home and family are the place of economic production and therefore the place of necessity.
Liberty was understood with reference to the tradition of heroes going to war or to a more recently evolved habit of widespread public free speech about public affairs. Arendt did not argue for this as the all-time ideal, but as a moment with some ideal aspects, which was bound to fail. Partly it failed because law was understood as custom and communal obligation, rather than as concerned with contracts between free individuals. In her historical analysis, the Romans made progress on the legal front, because they saw that law can and should evolve with regard to the best ways of grounding freely chosen contracts, while also failing to maintain political liberty as the republic gave way to Imperial autocracy
Arendt emphasised that the Roman model inspired modern movements for liberty, particularly the French and American Revolutions (the comparison is made in On Revolution). Though she wrote about the motives and early actions of French revolutionaries with great sympathy, she pointed out that it had all ended in revolutionary terror and then country-revolutionary autocracy, so that the American Revolution had created a better model, as shown in the long lasting nature of the Constitution. She both respected that achievement and pointed out that it rested on assumptions about the dominance of a land owning class, so that it could not in itself provide all the answers for modern liberty, even it established an enduring framework, which survived major shifts in the location of economic wealth and the sources of political power.
For Arendt, the modern capitalist world undermined the idea of a strict separation between a private realm of economic production, based on family ownership and use of land, as economic activity became what happened in factories and other enterprises, with regard to national and world markets. The social-cultural result was an undermining of the antique assumption that intellectual life is superior to, and dominant over, physical activity and economic life. It also resulted in states that seemed more remote from traditional forms of allegiance and everyday customs, because the state became increasingly something concerned with legislative and administrative activity that aimed to enable production and trade, so for the first time establishing the state as something that aims to constantly elevate material wealth and ‘national welfare'. Arendt, in this way, argues that commercial society tends to create its own statist reaction.
Arendt equivocated to some degree about whether capitalism was to be preferred to socialism, but in political writing emphasised enhancing individuality and a spirit of competition and that can only be seen as directed against the expanding administrative state, particularly as she argued for more separation between political questions and social welfare questions. She looked for ways in which modern political participation could focus on the best parts of the antique legacy: public speech focused on the conditions of liberty rather than on expanding state activity, contests for esteem in the public sphere rather than levelling down egalitarianism. Perhaps her equivocation about socialism can be seen as leaving the way open for ‘socialism' as defined by left libertarians, markets without a state that promotes politically inspired concentrations of wealth and power. She was certainly a prominent critic of Soviet style state socialism.
Arendt had a grasp based in rather classically oriented political theory, of how capitalism tends to produce statist reactions to itself, which parallels the more political economy and economics oriented work of Austrian economics and Virginia Public Choice theory on the rise of the administrative state and rent seeking. Together with her interests in how to avoid antique tyranny and modern totalitarianism, this makes her a great twentieth century pro-liberty voice, particularly for those interested in the historical, psychological, moral, and literary aspects of political thinking.
All of Arendt's major contributions to political thought are mentioned above. A good starting point for those new to Arendt might be the essays collected in Between Past and Future or The Promise of Politics.
Chris Wood replaced Leonardo Ulloa with 12 minutes remaining and netted the equaliser
Everton twice lose lead after McGeady and Naismith score
Leicester record signing Ulloa scores on his debut
Wood levels as Leicester draw on Premier League return
Substitute Chris Wood struck late to deny Everton and earn Leicester City a point in their first Premier League match in a decade.
Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester 2-2 Everton: Nigel Pearson backs Foxes to adapt quickly
The striker slotted past Tim Howard with five minutes to go as the promoted side twice fought back from behind.
Aiden McGeady's curled effort had been instantly wiped out by home debutant Leonardo Ulloa before Steven Naismith finished smartly on half-time.
Everton looked comfortable, but Wood - linked with a move away - pounced.
The 22-year-old has reportedly seen a move to Wolves fall through but his stock will have risen as he ensured last season's Championship winners began life in the top flight defiantly.
The Foxes, with only four players with Premier League experience in their starting line-up, will need more of the same spirit if they are to survive but they now go into games against Chelsea and Arsenal with a point on the board.
New season, new signings... Leicester City: Marc Albrighton, Jack Barmby, Ben Hamer, Leonardo Ulloa, Matthew Upson, Louis Rowley Everton: Brendan Galloway, Romelu Lukaku, Gareth Barry, Muhamed Besic, Christian Atsu, Sam Byrne
Such an outcome had looked unlikely when Everton - winless and defeated by Leicester in pre-season - took the lead on 21 minutes when Leicester goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel had no answer to McGeady's curling effort after denying Sylvain Distin.
The 28-year-old's accurate finish was his first goal since joining the Blues in January, but Ulloa made sure his impact was more instant.
The Argentine, an £8m acquisition from Brighton, prodded home from eight yards when Distin failed to clear a corner, but his manager Nigel Pearson sat motionless in the stands as home fans celebrated a Premier League goal.
Leicester's Andy King was the most accurate player on the pitch, completing 96% of his 45 passes
Pearson, who was without new signings Matthew Upson and Marc Albrighton through injury, had called for his side to play the match and not the occasion ahead of kick-off.
His words seemed lost after a frenetic start and seconds after the home equaliser, Naismith saw a goal disallowed when the ball crept out of play in the build-up.
Media playback is not supported on this device Leicester 2-2 Everton: Toffees were too relaxed - Roberto Martinez
It was a warning Leicester failed to heed as the Scot swivelled to fire in off the crossbar on the stroke of half-time after good work on the left from Leighton Baines, who was typically prominent - making 34 of his 56 passes in the Leicester half.
Everton, dealt a blow by an injury to midfielder Ross Barkley late in pre-season, looked controlled and set to build on the momentum which saw them set a club-record Premier League points tally of 72 in 2013-14.
That consistency means they must balance Europa League commitments with domestic demands for the first time since 2010.
Four years ago, the workload saw them slip to an eighth place finish and a point at Leicester was not the start fans buoyed by a record summer spend had hoped for.
Draw written all over it... Eight of the last 10 league games between the sides have ended in a draw and Leicester have never won on the opening day in the Premier League
The home side notched 102 points on their way to promotion and looked determined to not wilt when behind, but when substitute Jeffrey Schlupp raced clear to smash embarrassingly over the bar, a draw looked to be slipping away.
Their cause could have been helped when Gareth Barry survived being shown a second yellow card for a clumsy block, but when a shot from the impressive Riyad Mahrez deflected into the path of Wood, he scored a dramatic equaliser.
Check out the best photos from today's Premier League action on the BBC Sport Facebook page.
Leicester's supporters welcomed their side for their first Premier League match in a decade
Aiden McGeady tried to spoil the party, firing his first Everton goal in off the post with a crisp effort
Leonardo Ulloa started to re-pay his £8m price tag instantly with an instinctive finish
Steven Naismith had a goal disallowed before firing Everton's second moments before half-time
Everton looked comfortable but Chris Wood confidently levelled five minutes from time
Ben Stiller is one of Hollywood's most successful and acclaimed multihyphenates. Most recently, he produced and directed Showtime's riveting new limited series, Escape at Dannemora, starring Benicio del Toro, Paul Dano, and Patricia Arquette, debuting on November 18. Escape at Dannemora as well as Stiller's Tropic Thunder, the Zoolander films, and The Secret Life of Walter Mitty were all directed and produced by Stiller under his production banner, Red Hour, which he launched and operates alongside Nicky Weinstock, producing a wide range of film and television projects in collaboration with major studios and networks. As an actor, Stiller has starred in multiple global hit franchises including the Meet the Parents, A Night at the Museum, and Madagascar films; plus box office hits There's Something About Mary, Dodgeball and Wes Anderson's The Royal Tenenbaums; and given powerful, critically-acclaimed performances in Mike White's Brad's Status and Noah Baumbach's The Meyerowitz Stories (new and selected) and Greenberg. In addition to his work onscreen and off, Stiller currently serves as a Goodwill Ambassador for UNHCR, the UN Refugee Agency, and has traveled to Berlin, Jordan and Guatemala to meet with and learn from refugees.
When renting a property in England, tenants are often required to pay upfront fees directly to the letting agents. These fees are supposed to cover costs which rarely amount to much more than simple admin tasks such as running credit checks, contacting references, or producing an inventory. The costs of this can vary wildly from less than £100 to over £500, with some reports suggesting fees can be higher than £1000.
This wild variation in costs is an indicator of a market failure. That one agency can charge £250 to contact a reference but another can charge £25, or that an agency is able to charge £100 for a ‘pet consent fee', which appears to be nothing more than a punishment for saying you have a cat, indicates that tenants simply do not have the power to shop around, and agencies are not truly competing on price for potential tenants. Tenants choose between properties, they don't choose between agencies.
If you've ever rented a house in a big city you'll understand why this is. Properties can be few and far between, and are often snapped up within days, if not hours of going on the market. Once you find a suitably sized property in a suitable location, within your budget, and with walls that aren't covered in damp, you often have little choice but to sign on the dotted line as soon as possible. Which letting agency the property is being advertised through makes little difference to your decision, there is simply not enough choice for you to turn down a suitable property because of the agency who happen to be advertising it. This means agencies are able to charge effectively what they wish in agency fees and tenants often have no choice but to pay.
Currently, as well as tenants paying fees to letting agents, landlords also pay fees to the agency. The main argument against banning fees on tenants seems to be that the agency will have to pass these costs on in full to the landlord, who will then pass that cost back to the tenant in the form of higher rent. While I don't think that will be the case, and we'll come on to that later, consider for a moment that the full cost of the fees is passed onto the landlord who then passes it onto the tenant in the form of high rents.
If there is an apartment on the market for £800/month with upfront agency fees to the tenant of £400, banning those fees would, in the worst case scenario, mean that the landlord would be charged £400 extra, and would cover that cost by raising the rent by £33 a month over the course of a 12 month tenancy. This would mean the tenant would end up paying £833/month instead, but with no upfront fees.
Even in this scenario, the tenant seems to benefit. Considering that moving house can be expensive already, with having to purchase new bits of furniture, hire movers etc., an additional £400 upfront can be a crippling cost. Most tenants would much rather spread that cost over the course of 12 months than have to pay it all upfront. So the idea that landlords will simply pass the cost across to the tenants doesn't seem to be a strong argument against banning the fees.
However, it seems highly unlikely that landlords will end up having to pay the full cost of the current tenant fees anyway. Landlords, unlike tenants, do have the ability to shop around, and are able to take their property elsewhere if the fees are deemed to be unreasonable. If an agency tells a tenant they're going to charge them £250 to run a reference check, the tenant often has no choice but to accept. If an agency tells a landlord they're going to charge them £250 to run a reference check, the landlord can reasonably tell them that's an extortionate price and instead go next door to the agency charging £50.
So, those agencies which are charging extortionate fees currently, either because they're making massive profits or, much likelier, because they are hugely inefficient businesses, will be forced to cut costs through efficiency savings or go out of business as landlords will go elsewhere.
This is the market in action. At the moment, agencies can stay in business while being hugely inefficient and with no incentive to innovate, because tenants are a captive market who don't have the power to shop around. Forcing agencies to actually compete on price will lead to lower overall prices, and create proper incentives for increased efficiency and innovation in the market.
And this is not just theory. In Scotland, where fees were banned in 2012, Shelter found there was little to no increase in rents following the ban.
And this is not the only benefit. Bans on fees will increase price transparency by providing a single advertised price to tenants rather than having two separate, often hard to identify prices (rent+ fees) being charged simultaneously. Providing better price information allows tenants to make better, more informed decisions and further increases the efficiency of the market.
Government intervention in the market is rarely a good thing, and should always be treated with suspicion. It is easy to understand an avid free-marketer opposing this ban on letting fees, but it is important not to be married to dogma. When there is clear evidence of market failure, and a clear case that intervention will increase the effectiveness of the market, all good free-marketers should support it. This is one of those cases.
The Pumpkin Patch were so good this Team Challenge, it was scary! Congrats to all who participated you were terrorific!
That's all for the Swag Haunt Team Challenge, we hope you were scared silly!
Buy A Gift Card Purchase a Gift Card at MyGiftCardsPlus and you'll contribute 60 pts to your team! MyGiftCardsPlus
Share Your Opinion Complete a survey on your desktop and you'll contribute 35 pts to your team! Share
Discover Great Deals Earn SB when you complete a Discover activity and you'll contribute 20 pts to your team! Discover
Watch Entertaining Videos Earn SB when you watch entertaining videos from Watch or nCrave and you'll contribute 15 pts to your team! Watch
Shop Visit our featured stores and contribute 5 points per store you visit, up to 10 stores! Shop
Watch Videos on the go Earn SB from Watch on the Swagbucks App or Swagbucks TV App and you'll contribute 10 pts to your team! Watch
Discover on the go Earn SB from Discover on the Swagbucks App and you'll contribute 10 pts to your team! Discover
Search The Web Earn SB from Search and you'll contribute 8 pts to your team! Search
(CNN) President Donald Trump's pick for a top post at the United Nations repeatedly praised far-right provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos and shared disparaging memes about prominent Democrats and progressives on social media.
Patrick Murray, a former Army officer and two-time congressional candidate, was nominated by Trump in May to be the alternate representative for special political affairs to the United Nations. Murray's nomination was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in August and he awaits full Senate confirmation.
If confirmed, Murray would serve under Ambassador Nikki Haley in representing US interests at the United Nations and would act as a fill-in for Haley in representing the US to the United Nations General Assembly when she is unavailable.
Murray has used his publicly visible Facebook account, which was linked on his now-defunct personal website , over the years to promote media appearances and share his thoughts on politics.
Murray did not return request for comment. The State Department declined to comment.
On Facebook, Murray praised Yiannopoulos multiple times in 2016, writing comments of approval like "Milo rocks," "preach, Milo!," and "clone this guy" while sharing videos of Yiannopoulos denouncing campus safe spaces, arguing that Britain should leave the European Union to stop Muslim immigration and talking about the 2016 presidential election.
In one of the articles shared by Murray, Yiannopoulos writes about a plan Trump proposed to screen incoming immigrants for their "commitment to Western values," saying, "The test will apply to all immigrants, yet its obvious target is Muslims, who, as we know, get a bit bomby in the presence of gays, a bit rapey in the presence of women who wear skirts shorter than their ankles and generally a bit hostile and violent around anyone who doesn't have their bum in the air five times a day."
In one post, Murray defended Yiannopoulos after he was banned from Twitter for harassing Saturday Night Live performer and Ghostbusters actress Leslie Jones with a barrage of offensive tweets. Yiannopoulos had written a review of Ghostbusters that was seen as inciting harassment against Jones, in which he wrote that the move was "full of female characters that are simply stand-ins for men plus a black character worthy of a minstrel show."
"Here's another Milo Moment," wrote Murray, linking to an interview with CNN where Yiannopoulos said he would continue to be as offensive as possible. "Who thinks he would be slapped with a permanent Twitter ban if he was a gay liberal instead of a gay conservative?'
In other posts on Facebook in 2015 and 2016, Murray shared the kind of provocative political memes that were popular among supporters of Trump during the election. Murray shared an image defending rancher Cliven Bundy, who was jailed and is awaiting trial for his role in the 2014 Bundy standoff against the federal government, and blasting Rev. Al Sharpton as a "life-long race baiter."
In another post, Murray shared an image that suggested being a Democrat was a "mental illness." In another post he called former President Bill Clinton the "the renowned cigar inserter," shared a macro-image of Bill looking at Hillary Clinton with the text overlay, "when you're in prison I'm free to date," and picture of Bill Clinton smiling with the text, "is Bruce Jenner a woman yet."
Murray added his own caption, "Hey Kaitlyn (sic), you make my knees wobble!"
In another post , Murray attempted to differentiate between liberals and conservatives. On a picture of a CVS being looted in the aftermath of an officer's acquittal in the shooting Freddie Gray, the text read, "liberal land of the free." An image of transitioning Caitlyn Jenner read "liberal home of the brave."
In July of 2016 , Murray shared an image on Facebook of a riot with buildings burning. Overlaying the image was a picture of former President Barack Obama and Sharpton shaking hands, with text that read, "Teamwork, it's amazing what you can accomplish when you work together." Murray captioned the post with his own text -- "Barack set out to 'fundamentally transform the United States of America.' And did he ever. How's that working for you?"
Murray also shared another image of riots in aftermath of the Gray verdict, with a photo of actor James Woods saying situations in Baltimore, Detroit, and Chicago were the result of voting for Democrats.
"I'm sensing some micro aggression out there," wrote Murray.
Java comes with McAfee Security Scan Plus. To catch the malware Java lets in?
Last month . This week it is McAfee. With every Java “security update” (what a joke!) Oracle tries to sneak who-knows-what-it-does crapware onto my computer. No more. Java is now removed from all my computers, and this goes a lot further than merely preventing me from seeing Oracle's sneaky banner ever again.
Java is probably the single most serious security vulnerability for any computer today. , and the best and simplest way to stop them is to uninstall Java. Not disable — UNINSTALL. Whether you believe that or , nobody has challenged the claim that a Java security vulnerability was used as the attack vector.
Don't wait for Java to be banned – today.
[UPDATE 09/07/2012] This blog post generated a lively . Some readers agree with me, others do not. One guy thought “the end of the Article is stupid”. Hey, we are all entitled to our opinions.
[UPDATE 09/08/2012] A few more articles from around the web, all supporting my position that Java is a menace and must be treated as such:
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- The question to DeMaurice Smith was simple, coming from Cincinnati receiver Chad Ochocinco, asking how serious he viewed the possibility of football not being played in 2011.
Smith did not hesitate.
"On a scale of 1 to 10," Smith said Thursday, "it's a 14."
With that, the executive director of the NFL Players Association painted perhaps the bleakest picture yet regarding prospects of labor strife in the league, which could be looking at a 2010 season with no salary cap and, if the collective bargaining agreement expires as scheduled in March 2011, a lockout that year.
"I keep coming back to an economic model in America that is unparalleled," said Smith, who often repeated phrases for emphasis. "And that makes it incredibly difficult to then come to players and say, on average, each of you needs to take a $340,000 pay cut to save the National Football League. Tough sell. Tough sell."
Smith said the NFL would receive $5 billion from its network television deals even if no games are played in 2011. He regarded that as proof owners are preparing for a lockout.
"Has any one of the prior deals included $5 billion to not play football?" Smith asked, referring to previous contracts that were extended or redone. "The answer's no."
NFL commissioner Roger Goodell denied Smith's assertions.
"You don't make money by shutting down your business," Goodell said on Sirius NFL Radio, according to USA Today. "The idea that the owners want to lock out and not play football is absolutely not the case. That's just not good for anybody."
Some of Smith's nearly hour-long question-and-answer session during Super Bowl week was spent reiterating past claims, such as team values increasing "almost 500 percent" over the last 15 years. There was also a call to have all 32 NFL teams open their books to show who was losing money and how much.
Smith also said he wanted teams to contribute what, ultimately, would be millions into what he called "a legacy fund" that would better support retired players.
Most of his focus, however, was on getting a new CBA.
"I really and truly in my heart believe we'll get a deal done," NFLPA president Kevin Mawae said. "But there's going to have to be some give and some take and not just taking from one side all the way."
The league's response, in part, said that teams like the Green Bay Packers -- whose audited financial statements are the only ones the union said it has seen -- have had a 40 percent decline in profits.
"In most businesses, that would be a serious cause for concern," said Jeff Pash, the NFL's executive vice president and chief counsel. "It would indicate a serious issue that has to be dealt with. You look at your single largest expense, which is player costs."
Indianapolis quarterback Peyton Manning, whom the Colts are planning to soon give a new contract that would make him the league's highest-paid player, acknowledged that he has concerns.
"I think as a player, I feel we have a pretty good thing going right now in the NFL," Manning said Thursday. "It would a shame for something to have to change along those lines. I understand kind of like when a player is holding out or a player contract, there is a business side of this that can be tough. It is not always pretty."
Smith said the latest NFL offer to the players would reduce their share to 41 percent of applied revenues from about 59 percent. He emphasized that the teams take $1 billion off the top of the estimated $8 billion the league generates.
Pash argued that the $1 billion reflects actual costs incurred, money "invested in things like NFL Network, NFL.com, putting games on overseas, all of which is intended to and has in fact had the effect of generating substantial additional revenues, 50 percent of which go to NFL players. And the union knows that's true, because the union has absolute rights to audit those expenses."
Echoing Goodell, Pash said Smith's assertion that players are being asked to accept an 18 percent pay cut -- the $340,000 per-player-average figure -- was among the "misrepresentations of what our proposal is."
"We have never said it would result in players having to take a reduction," Pash said. "The entire point here is to generate a pool of resources to have continued investment and continued growth, which would lead to higher salaries and benefits for players."
For now, some players say they're bracing for issues. Mawae said he even has recommended players save 25 percent of their salary next season "in the event of a lockout," though he noted "we can't make all 1,900 players save their money."
"We've told them, 'Don't go out and buy a new boat. Don't go out and buy a new car. Pay off whatever debts you have,' " said Jeff Saturday of the Indianapolis Colts. "These are things we've been learning from history."
Smith and Mawae said that if next season goes forward with no salary cap, it would be highly unlikely to have a new CBA with a cap reinstated.
"Virtually impossible," Smith said.
"A very difficult task," Mawae said.
Asked about the owners' assertion that the 18 percent pay cut request was false, Mawae said did not hold back:
"That is not true," he said. "That is absolutely true they've asked for 18 percent."
Meantime, the union is increasing dues for now with the idea of returning the money as income to players, if needed, during a lockout.
"Our guys get it," Mawae said. "Our guys understand."
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Interview One thing is missing from the Global Warming Policy Foundation, launched at Westminster on Monday, chairman Lord Lawson admitted. Mrs Thatcher's Chancellor for six years acknowledged that there aren't many young people on board. The average age of the Trustees is 74. You could almost say it pits the Old Aged vs the New Agers.
We got a brief opportunity to talk to Lawson at the launch event - more below.
The think tank is really Benny Piesar's show. The Liverpool anthropologist and policy academic, widely known for founding the CCNet mailing list, is the Foundation's director. The body may disappoint people who want the scientific controversies tackled head on. It's not going to look for the scientific 'smoking pistol' that skeptics crave. What's the point, then?
As with Lawson's book An Appeal To Reason, which dissected the Stern report, it is going to take a look at the policies - and ask whether they're worth it. Lawson resents the assumption, which he said was expressed by state broadcaster the BBC, that if you accepted the majority view of scientists in the field then you had to accept the policies they proposed, too. That's for a democracy to decide.
But speaking to Lawson later, it was clear he didn't think some of the wilder predictions made for man-made global warming had any rational basis.
Lawson
"There is no scientific basis for some of the alarmism. I'm talking about the predictions of warming, and the measurement of the impacts. There's huge alarmism there."
He referred to what he called a "a disgraceful television advertisement" from the Department of Energy and Climate Change. He means the one with the drowning dog.
"We will certainly be actively involved in monitoring what is being said, in correcting errors where they are errors. The only thing we will not be actively engaged in is what are the causes of the temperature changes on the planet: how much is CO2, how much is solar radiation, how much is cosmic rays. We won't be getting into all that."
Lawson was Chancellor when Crispin Tickell, then British Ambassador to the UN, convinced Prime Minister Thatcher that man-made global warming was a problem. Despite Tickell lacking any scientific background (he read history at university) Mrs Thatcher took the population campaigner's views seriously enough to make a landmark speech on global warming. This led to the foundation of a branch of the Met Office, the Hadley Centre at Exeter, to study the issue. It remains one of the three leading climate institutes.
"[Global Warming] wasn't really getting a head of steam back then. It did after I left in the 1990s. I left in 1989," he cautions. But did Lawson anticipate, back then, that it would become this all-encompassing movement?
Story highlights "He engaged in a likely pattern of deception," a judge says of man linked to anti-Islam film
His attorney argues for $10,000 bail, warning his client's safety is at risk
A prosecutor says he repeatedly violated his probation and "cannot be trusted"
Nakoula Basseley Nakoula believed to be behind "Innocence of Muslims" film
Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, the man allegedly behind the inflammatory film "Innocence of Muslims," was ordered held without bail Thursday after being arrested in California and accused of violating his probation.
"He engaged in a likely pattern of deception both to his probation officers and the court," Judge Suzanne Segal said in issuing her ruling.
The preliminary bail hearing began with Segal asking the defendant -- dressed in gray slacks and a white and yellow striped T-shirt, with handcuffs and chain around his waist -- what his true name was.
"Mark Basseley Yousseff," he replied.
The judge then asked again, what is your name?
"Mark Basseley," he said this time, again without spelling the name out. He has used at least 17 false names, according to court documents, but is mostly referred to as Nakoula.
JUST WATCHED Bounty placed on anti-Islam filmmaker Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Bounty placed on anti-Islam filmmaker 00:49
JUST WATCHED Understanding Islam and Mideast protests Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Understanding Islam and Mideast protests 04:58
JUST WATCHED Muslims mad at more than the movie? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Muslims mad at more than the movie? 01:55
An attorney for the man then argued for $10,000 bail.
Attorney Steve Seiden said his client had always maintained contact, in person and by telephone, with probation officers who have been monitoring him since his 2010 bank fraud conviction. But the main reason Nakoula shouldn't be jailed, his lawyer argued, was for safety reasons, saying the anti-Islam film would make him a target of fellow inmates.
"It is a danger for him to remain in custody at the Metropolitan Detention Center in Los Angeles because there are a large number of Muslims in there," Seiden said. "We are extremely concerned about his safety."
Making no mention of aliases, the lawyer added that Nakoula had made no attempt to flee Southern California and never would.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Dugdale told the judge that the man -- whom he referred to as Nakoula or Bassil -- had engaged in a "pattern of deception" and "a person who cannot be trusted."
Dugdale pointed to a probation report citing eight allegations in which Nakoula had allegedly violated his probation. One of those was a requirement not to use aliases without permission from his probation officer, something the prosecutor said Nakoula did on at least three instances: during his fraud case, when he tried to get a passport in 2011 and during the making of the film. Dugdale said Nakoula had deceived the cast of the film as well as his probation officers.
The prosecutor also noted that Nakoula was able to afford to make payments during the making of the film, saying it further raised concerns about the possibility of him fleeing the area while the legal case against him proceeds.
"He poses a flight risk and poses a danger to others," Dugdale said, alluding to the probation report's recommendation that Nakoula be sentenced to 24 months in prison.
The prosecutor added that he had received assurances from the Metropolitan Detention Center that Nakoula would be placed in protective custody if he was ordered jailed, meaning he would not have contact with other inmates.
The judge, who ordered a future identity hearing to determine the defendant's actual name, cited the many instances in which he misrepresented his name. She also noted his "unstable" residence and work history, referring to the film project, as also among the reasons for denying him bail.
When asked if he understood the nature of the hearing, Nakoula answered, "Yes."
The judge then waived his right to a preliminary hearing and left open a future date for a revocation hearing. Immediately following Thursday's hearing, Nakoula was escorted away by the U.S. Marshals Service in a three-car caravan and driven two blocks to the Metropolitan Detention Center.
Earlier this month, Nakoula met with a probation officer in the wake of a federal review of his five-year supervised probation in the 2010 case.
Nakoula was cooperative at that voluntary interview, authorities said. He was bundled up in a coat, hat and white scarf when he was escorted from his house for that interview. He wasn't under arrest at that time.
Having served one year in federal prison at Lompoc, California, officials couldn't determine this month whether Nakoula paid any of the court-ordered restitution of $794,700, according to probation department officials and court records.
While on probation, Nakoula was prohibited from using aliases as well as accessing computers or any device that can access the Internet without approval from his probation officer.
He came to the world's attention after his movie, a trailer of which had been posted to YouTube, was highlighted this month by media in Egypt. Violent protests subsequently erupted in Egypt, Yemen, Tunisia, Morocco, Sudan, Iran, Iraq, Israel and the Palestinian territories, with some of them targeting U.S. diplomatic missions.
On Friday, a Chechen court ruled the film to be extremist and banned it in the Russian republic, according to information minister Murat Tagiyev.
The film has potential to inflame sectarian hatred and may cause "destabilization of the political situation in the region, most of whose population is Muslim," he said.
As the protests raged, Nakoula remained out of public view and ensconced with his family in their home in Cerritos, California, southeast of downtown Los Angeles.
When news of his movie first broke, the filmmaker identified himself as Sam Bacile and told The Wall Street Journal he was a 52-year-old Israeli-American real estate developer from California. He said Jewish donors had financed his film.
But Israel's Foreign Ministry said there was no record of a Sam Bacile with Israeli citizenship.
A production staff member who worked on the film in its initial stages told CNN that a different name was filed on the paperwork for the Screen Actors Guild: Abenob Nakoula Bassely. A public records search showed an Abanob B. Nakoula residing at the same address as Nakoula Basseley Nakoula.
Another staffer who worked on the film said he knew the producer as Sam Bassil. That's how he signed a personal check to pay staff.
"I get reader stats every Tuesday, telling me how readers are voting," said Holly McDowell, the author of Coliloquy's King Solomon's Wives series. "I get an email and it lists the different choice points and the percentage of voters who chose each one. It also tells me how many people have gotten to the end of the book. And it tells me how many have gone back to read other options."
Open-ended as it may be, Coliloquy also stands to gain from the harsh scrutiny of data, and the clear editorial directions indicated by the numbers. Readers of McDowell's first book were asked which city they wanted to hear about next; of five choices, New Orleans came out on top with about 30 percent of the vote. "And that was awesome feedback for me," McDowell said. She focused on New Orleans in her second installment, which will be out soon. "And actually, now more of the votes have come in, and Chicago is pulling ahead," she added. "But that just means I'll have to work Chicago in."
See full coverage Ideas and Entrepreneurs on the Leading Edge
Coliloquy's founders want to emphasize that this is not writing by committee or data driving literature. Rather, they say, this is a tool providing authors with helpful suggestions. They are trying to determine -- in a manner well known among start-ups, if not in the publishing world at large -- "Are there places where she would be better off spending her time early on to keep her readers interested."
When I asked Heidi Kling, the author of the Spellspinners of Melas County ebooks, about how statistics have informed her writing, she said, "For me it hasn't affected the series too much in regard to me changing things in response to the data, because I find that readers choose my own choices." But, she went on, "if something came that's sort of alarming -- like 95 percent went this way, and 5 percent went the other way," then, she explained, "I would listen to that."
She added, "I definitely feel like I'm writing a book. I feel like these could easily be print editions--they just wouldn't have these jaunts one way or the other way."
In fact, Rutherford told me, they may release "the best performing pathways in the print versions of the books." And "when we have had discussions with TV and film, they've also been very interested to see the data."
But when I asked her if Coliloquy is really in the business of publishing books at all -- as opposed to a kind of narrative, episodic app -- she replied, "I don't know the answer to that yet."
"I don't consider it a book really," McDowell said of her own writing for Coliloquy. "I consider it a story."
* * *
In 2010, after Rutherford had sold Twofish, a virtual payment platform, and Lue sold his social media marketing start-up, Unwrap, the two friends started an email chain that began: "LET'S DO SOMETHING AWESOME!" With that opening line, over the next several months, "we really got interested in this idea of narrative and gaming," Rutherford said. With that opening line, Rutherford said, "we really got interested in this idea of narrative and gaming." They started by developing a web-based interface, and Rutherford began writing the first test stories. They tried a bunch of different genres and structural formulas to figure out "where is the largest market, and what types of engagement mechanics do those types of readers respond to." They honed in on young adult, romance, and adventure. The early data set up the parameters for Coliloquy's business.
The Big 12 has a problem. A problem about which lots of people have opinions. A problem about which mixed messages are being sent.
You've surely seen the myriad solutions on offer. Play a championship game without expanding. Mandate Power-5 non-conference games. Ban FCS games. Add BYU and Cincinnati or Cincinnati and Memphis or Boise State and Central Florida or Tulane and North Dakota State or -- good gravy people, you've lost your minds.
In the face of all this, we're going to offer a Modest Proposal. We're going to solve all the Big 12's problems in one fell swoop. The conference strength issue, the championship game issue, the travel issue, all of it.
Cozy up to LSU.
Hang on, don't close the window yet. There's madness to this method.
You don't have to strain yourself much to find evidence that LSU suffers a great deal of displeasure with the way things are run in the SEC. Follow enough LSU fans on Twitter and you're going to see them complaining about the conference. Pay attention to the news and you'll see their administration barking about how the SEC did them dirty again. There's a vast conspiracy against Mike the Tiger, starting with the SEC offices being right outside Nick Saban's office door, and Louisiana will be more than happy to educate you if you'll just listen.
And many of the things LSU fans and staffers grumble about with the SEC are things which the Big 12 is psychotically obsessed with avoiding. For 15 years, the conference shunned the idea of permanent rivalries. The conference offices are in Dallas, but whereas Birmingham believes itself to be a suburb of Tuscaloosa as far as football is concerned, Dallas is a more egalitarian locale full of TCU and Texas Tech and Oklahoma and... yes, even LSU people. Most importantly, while everyone thinks of conference networks as a massive money spigot, our own Panjandrum has put forth the very solid theory that the advent of streaming actually works in the Big 12's favor in the long run -- especially insofar as the dispersal of third-tier rights goes.
You know, the broadcast rights that become of absolutely critical importance to a baseball-mad fanbase come springtime.
Long story short: in many ways, Louisiana State is the SEC's answer to Nebraska, with Alabama playing the role of Texas. LSU tends to want different things than the program which they perceive to be running the show, and every few months it starts itching like a ringworm infection.
Armed with this simmering cauldron of mild discontent, the Big 12's answer is obvious. Louisiana State, in any permutation of 12 teams one might imagine, is at the very least the second-best fit imaginable. There's a built-in rivalry right there for the making, as LSU-Texas every year would be appointment television. The Sabine River Shootout would be huge.
Of course, this would both necessitate and solve the problem of divisional play. LSU would be a part of a South Division including the four Texas schools. Here's where things get a little sticky with our plan, but we have devised a solution. No matter who the 12th team is, Oklahoma joins the North, and the conference finally does adopt protected rivalries.
"But wait," you cry, "you just pointed out that this was one of LSU's beefs with the SEC!"
It's true. But LSU has a problem with this not because they don't like it, but because they don't like their rival. Alabama gets to play their hated enemies from Tennessee. Auburn and Georgia get to continue their annual throwdown. LSU gets Florida, about whom LSU couldn't care less.
Imagine now, if you will, LSU getting to play West Virginia every year. Ponder it. Roll it around on your tongue. Envision Louxiana heading for Morgantown every two years, and rusty Broncos and Suburbans full of moonshine shuttling to Death Valley the other years.
You're now completely on board with this concept, aren't you?
So what happens next? The gravy. If you get LSU, do you understand what school you just exponentially enhanced your chances of luring to the dark side?
Arkansas.
Here, now, a handy table to show you our evil plan. Permanent rivals are across from one another.
YOUR NEW BIG 12 NORTH DIVISION SOUTH DIVISION Iowa State Texas Tech Kansas Baylor Kansas State Texas Christian Oklahoma Texas Oklahoma State Arkansas West Virginia Louisiana State
You could swap Texas Tech and Baylor if you wanted, but everything else there is absolutely perfect. Moving the Oklahoma schools north makes the north division immediately salty; there won't be any of those mid-2000s seasons where the north champion goes 5-0 against the division while the other five teams battle for bowl eligibility. You've got the Red River Rivalry, you've got the drunkest road trip ever, you've got OSU-Arkansas -- which you might not perceive as a big thing if you've never gone shopping in Tulsa on a Saturday -- and you've got Purple-on-Purple Violence.
Is this something that could actually happen? We'll be honest. It's very doubtful. The SEC has existed for a long time with very few defections; only three in over 80 years and two of those were teams that just couldn't compete in the conference anymore. There's a cultural cohesion to the league which inherently promotes bonding, and as grouchy as LSU folks get over perceived snubs and dirty tricks, they do love the conference.
But the seeds are there. You can't grow a garden without watering them. And the most compelling reason why at least pursuing this solution is something the Big 12 needs to at least consider is pretty simple.
It's probably the one thing the entire Big 12 would agree on if the possibility presented itself. With the history of this conference, that's probably the most important consideration.
Posted by Chris Scott Barr on Aug 2, 2012
After more than a month of waiting, with virtually no updates, Bethesda has finally announced the availability of Dawnguard on the PC. In addition, you can head over to Steam and pick up Skyrim for 50% off, thanks to the Quakecon sale. Then, pick up Dawnguard for $20.
As for the PS3 version, it would seem that there is a bit of a delay. No, not because Microsoft or anyone else paid them not to publish the DLC. Rather, they're still working out some kinks with the content. Specifically, they have encountered some performance issues that they're not happy with, and are pushing back the release. No word was given on how long the delay will be.
Personally, I'm happy to hear that they delayed the PS3 release, rather than rushing out something that they would just have to patch in a few days. Let's just hope that they get everything sorted out before too long.
Source
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Earlier this year China banned government purchases of Microsoft Windows 8
An anti-monopoly investigation into US technology giant Microsoft has been launched by Chinese authorities.
China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce - the body responsible for enforcing business laws - said it was looking into "alleged monopoly actions" by the company.
The announcement came after officials from the regulator visited some of Microsoft's local offices.
The company said it "will address any concerns the government may have".
It has not yet been accused of any specific wrongdoing.
Any potential investigation in China would be a fresh setback for Microsoft in the country, a key growth market for global technology firms.
Earlier this year, China said it would ban government use of Windows 8, Microsoft's latest operating system.
Increased scrutiny?
The visits to Microsoft offices come just days after the China's anti-trust regulator said that Qualcomm, one of the world's biggest mobile chipmakers, had used monopoly power in setting its licensing fees.
The anti-trust case has already seen some local handset makers hold back on signing licences for Qualcomm products, hitting its revenues.
Another technology firm, Interdigital - which specialises in wireless technology - has also faced a similar investigation.
Chinese regulators suspended that investigation earlier this year after Interdigital agreed to change its pricing structure.
However, some have alleged that China is using anti-trust probes to protect domestic firms.
"It has become increasingly clear that the Chinese government has seized on using the [anti-monopoly] law to promote Chinese producer welfare, and to advance industrial policies that nurture domestic enterprises," the US Chamber of Commerce said earlier this year.
They make up a stable fraction of the population, yet their presence is often invisible: left-handers.
Yet despite decades of research, very little is known about why some people are left-handed. Scientists have proposed causes ranging from genes, to damage in utero, to an edge in fistfights to explain why southpaws make up 10 percent of the world's population.
And while there aren't many obvious differences between lefties and righties, southpaws tend to excel at visual and spatial tasks, and seem to be overrepresented amongst geniuses. [Southpaw Stats: 11 Fun Facts About Lefties ]
Evolutionary roots
While the origin of left-handedness is a mystery, the advantage of favoring one hand over another is clear.
[pullquote]
"The reason for handedness is speed," said Stanley Coren, a psychologist at the University of British Columbia and author of "The Left-Hander Syndrome: The Causes and Consequences of Left-Handedness" (Vintage, 1993).
Defaulting to one hand for any given task can save precious time, which could have meant the difference between life and death for ancient humans, Coren said.
Stable minority
But no one knows why lefties became a stable minority. Whereas many animals favor one or another paw, the number of righties and lefties is roughly equally distributed in most animals.
But between 5 percent and 20 percent of people are lefties in different populations, said Violaine Llaurens, an evolutionary biologist at the CNRS in France.
"In every population of the world studied so far, we always find a minority of left-handed people," Llaurens told LiveScience.
One 2012 study found that societies that prize cooperation and as a result do things such as sharing tools more will tend to have more people with same-hand dominance, while societal competition will have the opposite effect.
Another hypothesis is that being a lefty is advantageous, but only when it's relatively rare, Llaurens said.
In fistfights, a surprise swing from the left can provide an edge, but only if such attacks are uncommon. Better fighting could directly lead to higher survival, or indirectly, because better warriors might earn more prestige, have more access to women and have more children, Llaurens told LiveScience.
Genes or environment?
While several researchers have found a few genes implicated in handedness, many genes are probably at play.
And the environment clearly plays a big role: Identical twins often have different dominant hands, Llaurens said.
About half of left-handedness may be a byproduct of damage during fetal development or birth, Coren told LiveScience. Studies have found southpaws have higher rates dyslexia, schizophrenia and immune problems, such as allergies and lupus.
To explain this, scientists have proposed that all people are wired to be right-handed, but damage to the brain has the unintended side effect of forcing the brain to rewire to be left-hand dominant, he said.
Llaurens is skeptical of that hypothesis, however: It's more likely that in early 20th-century case reports, doctors noted when patients were lefties because it was unusual, she said. That would lead to a seeming overrepresentation of southpaws in unhealthy populations.
Because males are overrepresented among lefties, some scientists propose exposure to testosterone in the womb may affect handedness.
Subtle differences
Lefties may have a higher propensity to certain health problems, but they are also overrepresented amongst geniuses, Coren said.
Four of the last seven presidents have been lefties, and Albert Einstein, Benjamin Franklin, Isaac Newton and Charles Darwin were southpaws as well.
Lefties tend to excel in fields that require excellent visual-spatial abilities, such as architecture and graphic design, he said. Southpaws are also overrepresented among chess masters, but tend to be underrepresented in science, Coren said.
Copyright 2013 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
NO END IN SIGHT: Pro-opposition news media have begun a social media campaign called 'It's my right to be discharged,' started by soldiers and regime loyalists weary of long military tours stretching up to five years.
'It's my right to be discharged,' and its sister Facebook page 'Demand to discharge Group 102 from the Syrian Arab Army' were created months ago, but are getting increasing attention in the Syrian opposition media now.
Although loyal to President Bashar al-Assad's regime, the pages demand that soldiers serving years in the Syrian army above the mandatory term of one and a half years be allowed to return home.
The pages give a glimpse into the state of a Syrian Arab Army forced to retain soldiers well past their mandatory service, and the growing discontent among regime supporters tired of sons and brothers coming home in coffins.
“By God we implore you, O Chief of the Nation, to hurry up and discharge Group 102 …so they can focus on their futures and their lives; because long service in the name of the flag has destroyed their futures and their studies. Seriously, let them go,” wrote a Syrian named Aymen Taleb on Facebook on January 6.
“Until when [are they going to serve], it's enough already...feel a little bit [for them]..by God no one is reading [about them], no one remembers that there are young men who are about to have served five years...let's see an end to it,” wrote another commenter named Duaa Sher.
The graphic above was taken from the 'Demand to discharge Group 102 from the Syrian Arab Army' page, and reads 'I'm coming back...wait for me. And if I don't return...don't forget me.'
-January 12, 2015
-Photo courtesy of It's my right to be discharged
For more from Syria Direct, like us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter.
Discredited gun researcher John Lott made numerous false claims about guns -- covering "gun-free zones," gun suicides, and whether loose gun laws deter crime -- during an appearance on CNN focused on the mass shooting at an Oregon community college.
During the October 2 broadcast of CNN Newsroom with Carol Costello, host Carol Costello said, "I don't really want to have a debate this morning, I actually want to have a conversation, so I've invited John Lott." Lott, whose infamous research linking permissive gun laws to lower crime rates has been thoroughly discredited, then proceeded to use the segment as an opportunity to push numerous falsehoods about the October 1 shooting at Umpqua Community College (UCC) where a gunman killed nine people and wounded seven others.
Lott Falsely Claims Guns Were "Banned" At Umpqua Community College, Is Contradicted By Actual Facts Of The Shooting
Of the Oregon shooting, Lott claimed, "The one thing in common" with this and other recent mass shootings "is to notice that yesterday, just like in all these other cases, they occur where guns are banned, where citizens are aren't able to go and defend themselves."
Lott's claim that guns were "banned" at UCC is not accurate. While the school's policy prohibits guns inside of its buildings, Oregon law allows people with concealed carry permits to carry firearms on the grounds of public colleges and universities. In fact, a student who also happened to be a U.S. military veteran was carrying a gun on campus at the time of the shooting and described on MSNBC why he and other veterans he was with decided not to intervene, explaining, "Not knowing where SWAT was on their response time, they wouldn't have known who we were, if we had our guns ready to shoot they could think we were bad guys."
Lott's broader claim that mass shootings typically happen where guns are not allowed is also false. Of 134 mass shootings documented by Everytown for Gun Safety between January 2009 and July 2015, only 13 percent occurred where guns could not be carried:
Claims about "gun-free zones" are predictable talking points for Lott and other gun advocates following mass shootings, but the alleged connection is a red herring because there is no evidence that people with concealed guns stop mass shootings.
Lott's False Claim That Mass Killers Pick Targets Based On Whether Guns Are Allowed Is Contradicted By Analysis Of 70 Public Mass Shootings
At another point in the CNN interview, Lott said, "I don't know how many explicit statements these killers have to make about how they chose targets where they knew people weren't able to go and defending themselves," citing the comments of other mass shooters and the diary of the gunman responsible for the Aurora, Colorado movie theater shooting.
The claim that mass shooters pick their targets based on whether guns are allowed is false. Mother Jones' Mark Follman dismantled that theory in an article debunking Lott's claims about the Aurora gunman's diary: "As I reported in an investigation into nearly 70 mass shootings in the United States over three decades, there has never been any known evidence of gun laws influencing a mass shooter's strategic thinking."
Instead, Follman found "the vast majority of the perpetrators have indicated other specific motivations for striking their targets, such as employment grievances or their connection to a school."
Lott's False Claim That Suicidal Individuals Will Find Ways To Commit Suicide Even If A Gun Isn't Available Is Contradicted By 90 Studies
Lott used his appearance to push several other gun-related falsehoods. On suicides-by-gun, which claim nearly 20,000 American lives per year, Lott said, "To go and think that some type of gun control regulations that are being talked about are going to stop somebody from committing suicide, when there are so many other ways for people to commit suicide."
Again, this is not true. Gun suicides are typically successful, resulting in death 85 percent of the time, while other methods of attempting suicide result in death just 9 percent of the time. According to a review of 90 studies on the long-term outcomes of individuals who survived a suicide attempt, 89 to 95 percent did not become future victims of suicide.
Lott's False Claim That Murder Rates Always Rise In Places Where Guns Are Banned Is Contradicted By The Very Examples He Cites
Another false claim Lott pushed on CNN was about gun bans and murder rates. Lott said, "Here's a simple fact, every place in the world that's banned guns, not just Washington D.C. and Chicago when we had our bans, but every place that has banned guns has seen murder rates go up." Like Lott's claim about mass shootings and so-called "gun-free zones," this claim is a red herring, namely because gun bans like the one that existed in Washington D.C. and Chicago are unconstitutional in the United States and are irrelevant to serious policy discussions on gun laws.
Lott's citation of Washington D.C. is highly misleading, as well. The District of Columbia banned ownership of handguns from 1976 until 2008. While the murder rate in D.C. was slightly lower in 1976 compared to 2008, that doesn't tell the whole story. Significantly, in each of the five years preceding D.C.'s handgun ban, the murder rate was higher compared to where the murder rate stood in 2008 after more than 30 years of banning handgun ownership.
And Lott's citation of Chicago is totally false: the murder rate in 1982, the year the city's gun ban went into effect was significantly higher compared to 2010, when the ban ended.
Lott's False Claim Most Academic Studies Support His Claims Is Contradicted By Survey Of Academics
Offering another sweeping falsehood, Lott also claimed, "Most of the academic work out there finds that increases in concealed handgun permits, increases in gun ownership, generally is associated with reduced crime."
Lott's claim that more guns equal less crime is actually the minority view, and his thesis has been debunked time and time again. Reputable research from the Harvard Injury Control Research Center that looked at numerous studies concluded that where there are more guns, there is a higher risk of homicide.
Honda has announced its global customer GT3 program, with the NSX GT3 set to be made available to customers for the 2018 season.
The reveal was made at a press conference in the paddock at Spa-Francorchamps on Thursday afternoon, ahead of this weekend's Total 24 Hours of Spa.
A total of 12 cars are set to be made available for customers to race next year, with deliveries commencing in October. The program will run for seven years, through the car's homologation period, with the capacity of up to 70 cars to be produced over that time.
The car will be available to customers for €465,000 ($545,000 USD).
“The GT3 environment is fantastic because it is global. You can race with customers in all of the different series, whether it's sprint or endurance, whatever,” said Robert Watherston, Head of Honda Motorsport Europe.
“It's a perfect opportunity for us to reach a lot of people. It's our flagship car, so we get a lot of publicity from the car, we hope all around the world. GT3 gives the best chance for that.”
JAS Motorsport, which built the car in Italy, will serve as the technical support partner for teams in Europe and China, with Mugen set to provide trackside assistance in Japan and Honda Performance Development in North America.
The expansion into customer racing comes after the debut of the Acura-badged NSX GT3 in both the IMSA WeatherTech SportsCar Championship and Pirelli World Challenge, in single-year factory supported programs.
Michael Shank Racing has claimed two victories with the car in WeatherTech Championship competition so far.
In the real world, a member of a Board of Directors or Advisory Committees would face laws that restrict activities that represent conflicts of interests. For instance, a Board Member or an Advisory Committee would face a hurdle to having his or her corporation do business with the company for which that person is a board or advisory member.
The reason for that is simple. Board of Directors generally should not personally profit from their votes, because, if they could, their views would not be objective. They would be subject to lacing their personal interests ahead of the company they serve.
Under the Obama White House, that apparently was not how things operated.
According to the current EPA head, Scott Pruitt, “advisory board members have received $77 million in grant money over the past three years.”
To stop that, Pruitt issued a directive “prohibiting scientists from serving on one of the agency's three main advisory panels while they are receiving EPA grant funding.”
“The tempest over Pruitt's calls for objective research illustrates the government's longstanding politicization of scientific research.”
Of course, the self-serving agenda was to prove that man is at fault for Climate Change. That's your dollars at work.
Read the Full Article:
EPA's Scott Pruitt drains the swamp like no one else in Washington
796total visits,3visits today
Changes To Federal Insurance Plans Could Hurt Families Of Chronically Ill Kids
Enlarge this image toggle caption LSOphoto/Getty Images/iStockphoto LSOphoto/Getty Images/iStockphoto
Kids with chronic conditions are especially vulnerable to health insurance changes, relying as they often do on specialists and medications that may not be covered if they switch plans. A recent study finds that these transitions can leave kids and their families financially vulnerable as well.
The research, published in the April issue of Health Affairs, examines the spending impact of shifting chronically ill kids from the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) to policies offered on the marketplaces established under the federal health law. The out-of-pocket costs to these children's families would likely rise — in some cases dramatically — following a change to marketplace coverage, the study finds.
The research comes at a time when health insurance issues are on the front burner in Congress. Republican lawmakers are pushing for fundamental changes to the marketplaces and to the Medicaid program. At the same time, Congress must soon decide whether to extend CHIP when its funding ends in September.
Together the state-federal Medicaid and CHIP programs insure 46 million low-income children. CHIP covers kids whose family income is low, but too high to qualify for Medicaid.
The eligibility levels vary by state. Half of states set the upper income eligibility limit at 255 percent of the federal poverty level or higher (about $52,000 for a family of three). Both programs provide comprehensive coverage for children with little or no out-of-pocket cost to families.
Since passage of the Affordable Care Act in 2010, some policy analysts have advocated moving children who are enrolled in CHIP into marketplace plans and dismantling the CHIP program. But earlier evaluations found, as does this study, that CHIP coverage is better and cheaper than marketplace coverage, said Joan Alker, executive director of the Georgetown Center for Children and Families.
CHIP is much smaller than Medicaid, with more than 8 million children enrolled. Roughly 2 million have one of six chronic health conditions, including asthma, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, diabetes, epilepsy, mood disorders and developmental disorders such as autism, according to the study.
Using data compiled from state CHIP programs and marketplace plans for 2016 and health care use data from the federal Medical Expenditure Panel Surveys from 2008 to 2013, researchers simulated the annual out-of-pocket costs for children with these six chronic conditions if they were enrolled in CHIP versus one of the plans sold on the marketplaces operated by the federal government.
The spending differences were stark. For every chronic condition and at every income level, cost sharing was higher for children enrolled in marketplace plans than for those in CHIP.
Take the case of asthma, the most common condition that researchers modeled. For a child with asthma, whose family income was between 100 and 150 percent of the federal poverty level (about $20,000 to $30,000 for a family of three), annual out-of-pocket spending on deductibles and copays would be $284 in a marketplace plan, compared with $27 in CHIP — a difference of $257.
At higher incomes, the out-of-pocket spending differences were greater. Families with incomes between 251 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level (about $51,000 to $81,000 for a family of three) would pay $1,227 out-of-pocket annually if they were enrolled in a marketplace plan but just $84 in the CHIP program — a difference of $1,143 for the year.
"The lowest income families were relatively well protected by cost-sharing reductions" in marketplace plans, said Amy Davidoff, who is a senior research scientist in the Department of Health Policy and Management at the Yale School of Public Health and one of the study's co-authors.
Those cost-sharing subsidies (which reduce a plan's deductible, copayments and coinsurance) are available to marketplace customers with incomes up to 250 percent of the federal poverty level (about $51,000 for three people).
These Obamacare subsidies are now the subject of a lawsuit, however, and their fate is unclear.
As family income rises, the gap between the out-of-pocket costs for the two different types of coverage increases and becomes quite substantial, Davidoff said. "For these families, it would be huge barrier," she said.
The deductible — the amount that people have to pay on their own before insurance covers most services — was a significant factor in the cost differences. The average deductible in marketplace plans for families with incomes between 251 and 400 percent of poverty was $3,126. None of the CHIP programs for families at that income level had deductibles, the study found.
Noting that CHIP has a history of strong bipartisan support, Alker said she is hopeful that federal lawmakers will extend the program.
"I think it would be very hard for Congress to let CHIP expire," she said, "and put those children into the marketplace, when according to their leaders it's about to fold."
Kaiser Health News is an editorially independent news service that is part of the nonpartisan Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation. You'll find Michelle Andrews on Twitter @mandrews110.
IFA 2017: ASUS announces Windows Mixed Reality headset and new laptops with Windows 10 By Mollie Ruiz-Hopper / Editor-in-Chief, Windows Blog Share Share Skype
Today at IFA, ASUS announced the new ASUS Windows Mixed Reality Headset, unveiled the brand-new Republic of Gamers (ROG) Chimera gaming laptop and ROG curved monitor, and introduced the latest thin and light ZenBook and VivoBook laptops, all powered by Windows 10.
Let's take a closer look at these devices:
ASUS Windows Mixed Reality Headset
The ASUS Windows Mixed Reality headset is powered by Windows 10 and designed to bring you immersive real-world and virtual experiences. It features a beautifully unique design with a pattern of hundreds of 3D polygons and a glossy tone-on-tone effect. Weighing under 400g (less than one pound) and featuring a balanced-crown design that that reduces pressure on the nose and face, the ASUS Windows Mixed Reality Headset is cool and comfortable to wear for extended periods.
The ASUS Windows Mixed Reality headset features innovative inside-out tracking with two built-in front-facing tracking cameras with 6 degrees-of-freedom (6DoF) position tracking. The ASUS Windows Mixed Reality headset doesn't need external sensors or additional software, making the initial setup simple so you're up and running in minutes.
ZenBook Flip 14
ZenBook Flip 14 (UX461) is an extremely thin 2-in-1 laptop with high-performance discrete graphics. Only 13.9mm thin and weighing just 1.4kg, ZenBook Flip 14 features a 360° touch screen and ASUS Pen support, which allow you to do everything from drawing on and highlighting web pages in Microsoft Edge, to drawing on your memories in the Photos app or adding notes to your map route with Windows Ink.
Other features include:
The latest 8th Generation Intel Core i7 quad-core processor, 16GB RAM, NVIDIA GeForce MX150 graphics, a 512GB PCIe x4 SSD, and a Harman Kardon audio system
14-inch NanoEdge Full HD display
Up to 13 hours of battery life
Equipped with a fingerprint sensor for quick and secure one-touch login with Windows Hello
Available in two stylish colors: Icicle Gold and Slate Grey
VivoBook Flip 14
The all-new VivoBook Flip 14 (TP401) is a 14-inch convertible laptop that is just 15.4mm thin and weighs 1.5kg. The device features a NanoEdge design that fits a 14-inch Full HD display into a frame that is the size of a typical 13-inch laptop, giving VivoBook Flip 14 a 74.3 percent screen-to-body ratio and a larger display area for more immersive viewing. The Full HD display has 178˚ wide-view technology and can be used as a laptop, tablet, or anything in between. The 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processor that powers VivoBook Flip 14 provides powerful, energy-efficient performance. VivoBook Flip 14 has a clever fanless design that keeps noise levels down, even at full power, so you can conduct presentations or watch movies without distractions. ASUS Pen support enables intuitive interactivity with Windows Ink.
ZenBook Flip 15
The all-new ZenBook Flip 15 (UX561) is a powerful and versatile 2-in-1 laptop designed with the convenience and versatility of a 360°-rotatable 15.6-inch display in a stunning new design that is easy to carry anywhere.
Other features include:
The latest 8th Generation Intel Core i7 processor and up to 16GB of fast, 2400MHz DDR4 RAM to deliver up to 2X faster performance than the previous model.
Gaming-grade NVIDIA GTX1050 graphics, up to a 2TB HDD and 512GB SSD, USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 3 and a powerful quad-speaker Harman Kardon audio system.
NanoEdge 4K UHD or Full HD touchscreen display has 178° wide-view technology and precision-stylus support, perfect for drawing on and highlighting web pages in Microsoft Edge or using with Windows Ink.
Available in two colors: Smoky Grey and Pure Silver.
ZenBook 13
The new ZenBook 13 (UX331) is an elegant 13-inch notebook with a stunning crystal-like finish and a sophisticated modern design that places it in a class of its own.
Just 13.9mm thin, weighs only 1.12kg and features a slim-bezel 4K UHD NanoEdge touch screen
High-performance NVIDIA GeForce MX150 GPU
Powered by the latest 8th Generation Intel Core i7 processor — which can be boosted to 3.7GHz when needed — with 16GB RAM and a 1TB PCIe SSD
VivoBook S14
VivoBook S14 (S410) is a stylish 14-inch thin-and-light laptop that has an 18.8mm profile and weighs just 1.3kg, perfect for those who are constantly on the go. A premium Icicle Gold or Star Grey finish provides stylish looks and a NanoEdge display with a slim 7.8mm bezel gives users a larger display area for more immersive viewing. VivoBook S14 is powered by the latest 8th Generation Intel Core i7-8550U processor with up to 16GB DDR4 memory and NVIDIA GeForce MX150 graphics.
ROG Chimera gaming laptop
ROG Chimera gaming laptop with an ultra-responsive 144Hz wide-view display and a 7ms gray-to-gray response time, delivering smooth and seamless visuals never seen before on a laptop. It's powered by Windows 10 and the latest unlocked Intel Core i7-7820HK processor and NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 graphics.
ROG Chimera brings together the best of laptop and console gaming: take advantage of Xbox Play Anywhere and enjoy built-in support for Xbox Wireless, which allows you to connect your favorite Xbox accessories to the PC without the need for multiple adapters, and without having to swap controllers when switching between console and PC.
With the Windows 10 Creators Update, the ROG Chimera arrives equipped with native, live game streaming through the Game bar with Mixer, Game Mode, to battle system resource contention, your gaming community through the Xbox app, DirectX 12 support, and more.
ROG Strix XG35VQ curved monitor
The brand-new ROG Strix XG35VQ is a 35-inch UWQHD (3440×1440) curved monitor with a 100Hz refresh rate, Adaptive-Sync technology and a 21:9 aspect ratio. It features Aura Sync lighting on the back that can be synchronized with in-game audio, or with Aura Sync-enabled PC components, keyboards and mice — allowing for limitless customization possibilities.
The brand-new ROG Strix XG35VQ is a 35-inch UWQHD (3440×1440) curved monitor with a 100Hz refresh rate, Adaptive-Sync technology and a 21:9 aspect ratio. It features Aura Sync lighting on the back that can be synchronized with in-game audio, or with Aura Sync-enabled PC components, keyboards and mice — allowing for limitless customization possibilities.
Learn more about everything ASUS announced today, and head over to this page on the Windows Blog to follow along with more coming out of IFA.
Updated February 16, 2018 9:21 am
Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss have revealed that they have personally invested in ether, the digital asset that powers the Ethereum blockchain.
The announcement follows on the heels of news the New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) said it will allow the brothers to add an Ethereum trading product to their digital currency exchange, Gemini.
In interview, Tyler Winklevoss said he wanted to make clear their investment as part of the disclosure surrounding next week's launch.
Winklevoss told CoinDesk:
“We are invested. We own ether.”
Winklevoss said he and his brother began acquiring ether earlier this year. Though they aren't currently sharing the exact amount they've purchased, Winklevoss said it was a “material” number.
The brothers entrance into the Ethereum market is notable as in April 2013 it was widely reported that they owned 1% of all bitcoins in circulation. The number was the estimated to be 108,000 BTC, which at today's value would be worth about $48.6m.
Early exploration
The digital currency first came to the brothers' attention last year as it rose in popularity among members of the digital currency community. Then, customers of the Gemini exchange began to ask for the asset to be added as an option, Winklevoss said.
During their exploration of Ethereum as an asset class, the brothers were attracted to what Tyler described as its distinguishing attributes. Namely, that it includes a Turing-complete computer language and that it can be used as fuel for performing different smart contract-related tasks.
Though Tyler Winklevoss said he and his brother still believe in the value of bitcoin as an asset class in its own right, these distinctions inspired them to make their own investment and open up the exchange to help others do the same.
“We looked at the people in both communities and the people putting time into it,” said Tyler Winklevoss, adding:
“We see them as taking different paths, not cannibalizing each other.”
Market shake-up
But, there's more at play here than just the addition of a new investment tool.
At press time, Gemini is currently trading about 811 BTC per day (roughly $360k), a figure that's below other regulated US competitors itBit and CoinBase, which are trading about 3,000 BTC and 5,000 BTC, respectively.
Still, Tyler Winklevoss told CoinDesk the company's trading volumes are in alignment with their expected growth and distinguished his company from some competitors.
He told CoinDesk:
“We're not comparing ourselves to exchanges that have been out there longer than we are and we're not comparing ourselves to people who are doing business in other countries or are unregulated.”
Ether trading is scheduled to begin on Gemini at 9:30am EST on Monday.
Photo by Noam Galai/Getty Images for TechCrunch
Today saw the failure of the Private Health Care Tax Credits Bill and the Commonwealth Development Fund Bill to pass in the House of Lords. However, despite the two bills failing to pass by 5 and 7 votes respectively, they will still go forth for Royal Assent under the Parliament Act of 2016.
This sparked criticism of the Parliament Act among several political figures. The Rt Hon. Lord of Aberdeen PC and Government Equalities Minister, /u/troe2339, said that he found this to be “unsettling”, claiming that the “experience and expertise” of the Lords is being ignored.
Former Speaker of the House of Commons and veteran MP for Northern Ireland, /u/IndigoRolo, said that he believes the latest Parliament Act “should be repealed” and that “we should revisit the role the lords has now that it represents the expertise of the country, rather than a bunch of aristocrats.” /u/IndigoRolo went onto say that the Lords should not just be “an afterthought” anymore, encouraging the upper chamber to be “as legitimate a body as the Commons”. Rolo seemed keen to introduce more regional representation in the Lords, with a greater emphasis on utilising the Lord's experience-based nature.
/u/troe2339 was not the only Conservative member to publicise their criticism and dislike for the Parliament Act today. Former Prime Minister and Conservative Leader, /u/InfernoPlato, slammed the Parliament Act for being “forced through without debate”, citing the Lord's current state as “evidence that [the Act] has not worked as intended”. The veteran MP continued, “I believe what we need to do is repeal the Act and jumpstart the Lords by giving it more power.” He then went onto emphasise that the “Commons would still be supreme” but he believes that the Commons should be kept “in check some more.”
It has been reported that a Lord's Motion will be brought to the house in the next few days that allows Peers to fully participate in Prime Minister's Questions. The specifics of the motion - where PMQs will take place as Lords cannot enter the Commons, will it apply to all Ministers' Questions or just PMQs - are still to be confirmed, but either way, this is a clear step in the direction of bringing purpose back to the upper chamber and a potential step towards the repeal of the controversial Parliament Act.
Only time will tell what happens to the Parliament Act, and subsequently the House of Lords, but what we do know is that there is a fierce opposition to it and that surely politicians will act soon.
Founder and CEO of Westgate Resorts, David Seigel, sent an email out to all of his employees Monday with the insinuation that if President Barack Obama is reelected their employment within his company may suffer.
David Siegel's email appeared to be a veiled threat to his employees, saying that they could vote for either candidate, but that if Obama wins, they will likely lose their jobs. The email bore a striking resemblance to a 2008 chain letter about the elections, and the Westgate Resorts CEO confirmed with Gawker that he used the chain letter's basic structure, but changed it to suit his needs. Siegel stated:
“I did use the letter that had circulated before as a guideline, but I changed it [to fit my circumstances]. It speaks the truth and gives [employees] something to think about when they go to the polls.”
The Huffington Post notes that in his letter, the Westgate Resorts CEO stated:
“If any new taxes are levied on me, or my company, as our current President plans, I will have no choice but to reduce the size of this company. Rather than grow this company I will be forced to cut back. This means fewer jobs, fewer benefits and certainly less opportunity for everyone. “So, when you make your decision to vote, ask yourself, which candidate understands the economics of business ownership and who doesn't? Whose policies will endanger your job? Answer those questions and you should know who might be the one capable of protecting and saving your job. While the media wants to tell you to believe the “1 percenters” are bad, I'm telling you they are not. They create most of the jobs. If you lose your job, it won't be at the hands of the “1%”; it will be at the hands of a political hurricane that swept through this country. “You see, I can no longer support a system that penalizes the productive and gives to the unproductive. My motivation to work and to provide jobs will be destroyed, and with it, so will your opportunities. If that happens, you can find me in the Caribbean sitting on the beach, under a palm tree, retired, and with no employees to worry about.”
David Siegel has a history of interfering in political elections, according to Bloomberg Businessweek, even claiming that he was the one who helped former President George W. Bush defeat Al Gore. Siegel revealed that:
“When I saw a negative article about [Al] Gore, I put it in with the paychecks of my 8,000 employees. I had my managers do a survey on every employee. If they liked Bush, we made them register to vote. But not if they liked Gore … On Election Day, we made sure everyone who was voting for Bush got to the polls.”
Westgate Resorts CEO David Siegel didn't say if he is doing the same thing to get Mitt Romney elected, but he did warn his employees, “The economy doesn't currently pose a threat to your job. What does threaten your job, however, is another 4 years of the same Presidential administration.”
Do you think that CEOs like David Siegel have the right to threaten their employees over who they will vote for in the Presidential election?
Moscow and Ankara are carrying out their first joint military operation against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) in the Syrian province of Aleppo, the Russian Defense Ministry has announced.
"Today, Russian and Turkish Air Forces are carrying out their first joint operation to target ISIL in the suburbs of the town of al-Bab in the Aleppo province," Sergey Rudskoy, chief of the Main Operational Directorate of the General Staff, said at a briefing on Wednesday.
Nine Russian and eight Turkish planes are involved in the operation which has been coordinated with the Syrian government, Russia's Defense Ministry said, adding that 36 terrorist positions are being targeted.
Based on the initial results, the joint effort has proved successful, the Defense Ministry official added.
At the same time, the Russian military is involved in a separate operation against Islamic terrorists in Syria, assisting the Syrian Army in eastern Deir ez-Zor province to fend off the militants' recent large-scale offensive, Rudskoy said.
The jihadists there are using their numerical superiority and are constantly attacking Syrian forces that are defending civilians in Deir ez-Zor, according to the military official. If the terrorists manage to capture the city, "a real genocide awaits its citizens," Rudskoy said, adding that "the whole Deir ez-Zor population might be completely exterminated."
So far, Syrian government forces in the city, supported by the Russian Air Force, have managed to resist the IS assault, he said, describing the situation in Deir ez-Zor as "difficult."
Read more
Moscow is also assisting the Syrian Army in its efforts to defeat IS terrorists in Palmyra, Rudskoy told the media, saying that in that region the army has launched an offensive against the jihadists. Yet there are reports, confirmed by several sources, that "a vast quantity of explosives have been thrown into the Palmyra area, to be used by ISIL terrorists to destroy the city's heritage," the Russian Defense Ministry warned.
Islamist militants have come to Palmyra, Deir ez-Zor and al-Bab from Iraq, Rudskoy said at the briefing.
"The actions of the US-led coalition in the Iraqi city of Mosul have generally come down to squeezing major ISIL forces into eastern Syria," the official said, adding that Islamic State has been "almost freely" moving its forces with weapons and explosives to the Syrian provinces.
Meanwhile, a nationwide Syrian ceasefire – brokered by Moscow and Ankara and endorsed by the UN Security Council in late December – is being largely observed, the Russian Defense Ministry reported on Wednesday. Saying that Russian and Turkish forces have been jointly monitoring the ceasefire, Rudskoy added that there are fewer violations, which "creates favorable conditions" for upcoming talks in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Peace talks on Syria are scheduled for next week in the Kazakh capital. A number of Syrian opposition groups have addressed the Russian Reconciliation Center in Syria to express willingness to take part in the talks, Rudskoy said.
Earlier, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he believed US and UN representatives should be invited to the meeting, aiming to finally find a solution to the Syrian crisis, but Iran reportedly rejects any participation by American representatives.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
For the last year, the American Legislative Exchange Council and its members have directed Republican-controlled legislatures across the country to enact what critics have rightly decried as voter-suppression laws. Ad Policy
The most aggressive of these have been voter ID laws that place dramatic new burdens on the elderly, students, low-income and minority citizens who want to participate in the democratic process.
Since the 2010 election results gave Republicans full control of statehouses across the country, dozens of states have considered proposals for variations on the model voter ID proposals advanced by ALEC, a corporate-funded group that brings together business interests and conservative legislators to advance agendas that make it easier for corporations to influence elections, and harder for citizens to participate in them.
Eight states, including Alabama, Kansas, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas and Wisconsin either made existing voter ID laws dramatically stricter or enacted new laws that were condemned by groups such as the League of Women Voters as voter-suppression initiatives. Only a veto by New Hampshire Governor John Lynch, a Democrat, prevented the first-in-the-nation primary state from enacting a law that proponents openly acknowledged was part of a push to erect barriers to voting by college students. And the issue has not died in New Hampshire, or a number of other battleground states.
With New York University's Brennan Center detailing how 11 percent of the voter age population of the United States lacks government-issued photo identification, the push for voter ID laws has been condemned by National Association for the Advancement of Colored People president Benjamin Jealous as a “massive attack on voting rights.”
But ALEC's allies in the states—such as Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who along with ALEC itself helped draft Arizona's harsh anti-immigration law, and the group's Wisconsin leader, legislative Joint Finance Committee co-chair Robin Vos—have continued the push, often taking the lead in advancing voter ID laws against significant opposition from civil rights and open government groups.
Now, however, the wheels are coming off the initiative—not just in the South, where the US Justice Department has significant flexibility to monitor laws that effect voting rights but in swing states of the North.
Monday saw the US Department of Justice extend its previous objections to restrictive voter ID laws in Southern states, where the federal government has the authority under the Voting Rights Act of 1965 to block changes in voting procedures that might maintain (or renew) historic patterns of discrimination.
As it did in December, when it prevented implementation of South Carolina's controversial voter ID law, the Obama administration has now blocked a similar law in Texas.
The South Carolina law was blocked because it adversely affected African-American voters. The Texas law, which was signed last year by ALEC-favorite Rick Perry, was determined to be discriminatory toward Hispanics.
“Even using the data most favorable to the state, Hispanics disproportionately lack either a driver's license or a personal identification card,” Thomas Perez, the head of the Justice Department's civil rights division, wrote in a pointed letter to the director of elections for the Texas Secretary of State.
The South Carolina and Texas interventions are a big deal, as they represent the first instances in almost twenty years of the federal government's rejecting a voter-identification law.
But, on Monday, another front in the fight against voter suppression opened in Wisconsin, where Governor Scott Walker—an ALEC alumnus—signed a voter ID law so extreme that it was decried by the state's major civil rights, voting rights and open-government groups.
The League of Women Voters, hardly a radical organization, decried the voter ID law as a “fraud” and filed one of several lawsuits against the measure that experts said would disenfranchise tens of thousands of voters going into not just the fall presidential race in a battleground state but the recall election that has been forced upon anti-labor Governor Scott Walker.
On Monday, just minutes after the Department of Justice announced it would block the Texas voter ID law, Dane County Circuit Court Judge Richard Niess ruled that Wisconsin's strict voter ID law is unconstitutional.
The dramatic decision by Niess did not hesitate to reject the argument that strict voter ID laws are made necessary by fears of voter fraud. Nor did he hesitate to use the word “suppression.”
“Without question, where it exists, voter fraud corrupts elections and undermines our form of government. The legislature and governor may certainly take aggressive action to prevent its occurrence. But voter fraud is no more poisonous to our democracy than voter suppression. Indeed, they are two heads on the same monster.” wrote Niess in his decision. “A government that undermines the very foundation of its existence—the people's inherent, pre-constitutional right to vote—imperils its legitimacy as a government by the people, for the people, and especially of the people. It sows the seeds for its own demise as a democratic institution.”
With that in mind, Judge Niess issued an order that “permanently enjoined forthwith from any further implementation or enforcement” of the voter ID law.
The ruling by Niess will undoubtedly be challenged. But if it withstands the legal tests to come, it extends the fight against voter suppression out of the South—where the Voting Rights Act offers some protection—and into battleground states such as Wisconsin, Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Niess found protections for voting rights in Wisconsin's state constitution, noting that “as a matter of law under the Wisconsin Constitution, sacrificing a qualified elector's right to vote is not a reasonable exercise of the government's prerogative to regulate elections.”
Other judges will be able to find protections in other state constitutions—and in the broader reading of federal equal-protection guarantees that is long past due.
The principle is well stated by Melanie Ramey, the president of the League of Women Voters of Wisconsin, which brought the suit against the WIsconsin law.
“Voting,” says Ramey, “is one way in which all citizens are equal, and that is worth fighting for.”
She's right.
All content featured on our charity site is produced by young volunteers with the support and mentoring of our professional production team.
The First Step Towards Tomorrow's Two-tier Society
This question is significant because it can be metaphorically linked to the Queen's Speech. Freedom, fairness and responsibility are the buzz words this new coalition will look to bond over and yet it'll ultimately be over the pursuit of these ends that the two sides are likely to have their most serious disputes.
It's David Cameron's view that you improve public services by freeing them from state controls. This tactic is believed to encourage innovation, improve standards through greater responsibility and create the new products being demanded from the local community.
However, whereas this may work in the commercial work, public services are to be paid on-merit for their relative success (and/or failures). This will inevitably lead to a further widening of good services for the rich, neglect of the poor and an increased definition of Britain's two-tier society. With freedom and responsibility does not always come fairness.
This government was formed to be stable – but stability does not come in political ideology (this is and must maintain the capacity to alter with the times), it comes in numbers. For the time being then, it appears that on the whole, the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats appear happy to fiddle their views in order to keep the peace.
However, nothing lasts forever, and as the familiarities of working together begins to breed discontent it will become more clear that in fact this year's Queen's Speech is going to fast fade away. This government is not going to be remembered for what it said today, but for how it maintains a workable relationship when future clashes of thinking arise.
(pictures courtesy of UK Parliament @Flickr)
Product Description
Custom Body Fuel is no longer in business! Please order Keto Fuel at Super Body Fuel instead.
Keto Fuel is my best ketogenic blend, designed to shift your body into ketosis, a fat-burning metabolic mode, for more effective weight-loss. To ease the transition and reduce symptoms of “keto flu” it is formulated with extra electrolytes, such as sodium and potassium. Make sure to drink plenty of water and avoid eating carbs! If you want to lose weight without the restrictions of a ketogenic diet, try Light Fuel instead.
Smooth and sweet, Keto Fuel is available in vanilla, cinnamon, and chocolate flavors, as well as an unsweetened plain version. You can customize the number of calories based on your needs, and if you omit the optional fish oil, it's vegan!
All prices include shipping. Please allow 1-2 weeks for delivery.
Nutrition Facts
For a day's worth of Keto Fuel…
Serving Size: 1 bag (210g) of powder with 120ml olive oil (not included), 45ml MCT oil (not included), and 5ml of fish oil (not included)
Calories: 2000 (10% carbohydrate, 20% protein, 70% fat)
Carbohydrate: 55g (only 27g net carbs)
Protein: 98g
Fat: 164g
Fiber: 28g
Contains at least 100% of RDI for all vitamins and minerals. (More info…)
Ingredients: Rice Protein (Sprouted Brown Rice, Vanilla), Gluten-Free Oat Flour, Potassium Citrate, Iodized Salt, Acacia Fiber, Psyllium Husk Powder, Calcium Citrate, Magnesium Citrate, Choline Bitartrate, Xanthan Gum, Multivitamin Powder, Stevia Powder
Story highlights A survey says 80% of young Iranians have friendships with the opposite sex
Iran's police chief says if the survey proves true he will quit
Such relations and drinking alcohol are forbidden in Iran
Iran's top cop has offered to quit his job if anyone verifies the results of a recent survey that says 80% of Iranian students drink alcohol and have friendships with the opposite sex, the semi-official Iranian Labour News Agency reported.
"These findings have no basis and if such things are true, I will resign from my post," Ahmadi Moghadam said, according to ILNA.
Drinking alcohol and relations between men and women who are not related are forbidden in Iran and other conservative Muslim countries.
According to ILNA, the survey was conducted by a university professor in Tehran. The report didn't reveal the number of students surveyed or their age range but the study was enough to provoke the police chief's ire.
"The report that 80 percent of males and females have relations goes against the moral fabric of our society," ILNA quoted the police chief as saying.
Moghadam condemned the media for reporting what he called the bogus results of the study and challenged to debate anyone who believed the findings to be true.
"Those who want to report these statistics want to rattle the public's thoughts."
The police chief said Iran's law enforcement agencies do not interfere with family relations and friendships but they'll step in if laws are broken.
"If relations are made through deception we will immediately get involved since committing sexual violations calls for the highest punishment."
Are you looking for a kratom alternative that can kill debilitating pain, relieve stress, enhance energy, and treat opioid withdrawals?
Then you've landed on the right page since kratom is illegal in many parts of the world.
That's sad.
Because kratom has the medical value you'll find in all these alternatives combined. But it isn't a perfect world. However, mother nature still provides you amazing kratom alternatives:
1)Mitragyna Javanica
A close relative to kratom found in Asia. Looks similar, but isn't filled with the same chemicals that make kratom so powerful. Javanica has a chemical called Ajmalicine, which can reduce blood pressure and stress. It's only a mild kratom substitute. The alkaloids in this plant relieve pain similar to kratom.
Mitragyna Javanica is a mild legal alternative to kratom but not a replacement. The next one is better.
2)Mitragyna Hirsuta
Kratom's other close relative with some ingredients kratom has. The main ingredient is Mitraphylline, which is structurally related to mitragynine and 7-hydroxmitragynine. Two important alkaloids that give kratom the insane medical benefits.
The effects are similar but milder. Hirsuta can help with opium withdrawals, perfect for you who want a legal alternative. Traditionally, used as a tea remedy for musculoskeletal pains and aches. Hirsuta is more powerful than Javanica so you need to be more careful.
You can get Jananica and Hirsuta from a few kratom vendors online.
Mitragyna Hirsutaproduces stimulant effects similar to kratom at low doses and sedative at higher doses.
3)Chuchuhuasi
Chuchuhuasi comes from the largest natural pharmacy—the Amazon rainforest. It is a large canopy tree with barks that has been used for centuries for healing purposes.
Traditionally used as a painkiller and inflammation. You can use Chuchuhuasi to treat arthritis, rheumatism, back pain, and other forms of debilitating pain.
Chuchuhuasi is also a natural energizer. This with the pain relief is praised by many who can't use kratom for legal and other purposes.
With this alternative you can finally sweep away some pain and do the things you can't when the pain is there. The best thing about this kratom alternative is that it works.
Chuchuhuasi is a potent kratom alternative for pain management.
Make sure you get 4:1 extract because this is what you must have if you want it to work.
4)White Willow Bark
Willow bark use can be traced back to the time of Hippocrates, 400 BC. It has salicin, a chemical similar to aspirin. And this makes it an effective natural painkiller alternative for headaches and back pain. The other chemicals in willow bark can reduce fever and boost your immune system.
White Willow Bark can relieve pain, fever, and reduce inflammation.
5)Kanna (Sceletium Tortuosum)
Kratom can induce intense euphoria. Kanna can't, only mild. Kanna was historically used by African pastoralists and hunter-gatherers to improve mood and reduce stress and anxiety. It can also relieve pain and suppress hunger.
Kanna works on the amygdala, a brain region responsible for emotional processing. Kanna users report that they enter a meditative state of mind you can focus on your thoughts and become more in tune with nature. Because Kanna works on the amygdala, it's also used for public speaking as it put you in a distance from the uncomfortable emotions it brings.
Sceletium Tortuosum can boost your mood, free you from stress and anxiety, and put you in a meditative state of mind.
6)Kava Kava
Kava roots offer anti-anxiety effects similar to pharmaceuticals. The effects are very calming. The plant will eat any stress you have. Kava is also sedative and euphoric. Brilliant herb to treat insomnia.
It doesn't have any chemicals kratom has. Kava works on dopamine and GABA receptors instead, a neurotransmitter that reduces neuronal activity in the brain.
Kava can reduce anxiety similar to pharmaceuticals but you can't use it blindly as it can be harmful to your liver.
7)Corydalis
The roots of Corydalis can reduce inflammation and neuropathic pain. It can reduce menstrual, chest, abdominal, and hernia pain. And pain caused by traumatic injuries.
Pharmaceutical companies are interested in a specific chemical in Corydalis, dehydrocorbulbine (DHCB) to create a non-opioid painkiller. Recommended for treating fibromyalgia by Dr. Oz, the TV personality.
Corydalis is a non-addictive, effective kratom alternative for pain, depression, and emotional disturbances.
8)Rhodiola Rosea
Golden root, rosenroot, or Rhodiola Rosea. A traditional medicine for many health problems. The effective benefits are on physical and mental fatigue. Rhodiola is a potent alternative to kratom if you're looking for energy and enhanced thinking skills.
Rhodiola rosea can relieve depression at higher doses and boost mental and physical endurance.
9)Yohimbe
Yohimbe is an evergreen tree native to Africa. The bark consists of indole alkaloid, used for making medicine. Yohimbe dilates blood vessels and lowers blood pressure. Some countries prescribe it for erectile dysfunction.
Yoshimbe is a general stimulant and energy enhancer.
10)Guarana
Guarana is a potent stimulant with seeds that have twice as much as caffeine compared to coffee plants. This is the main benefit of Guarana. The energizing effects are better than caffeine because it's a slower release. And you'll get a more sustained energy throughout your day. Brilliant kratom substitute for your energy needs.
Guarana can enhance athletic performance, reduce mental and physical fatigue, and provide you with a great portion of energy.
11)Akuamma Seed Powder
Akuamma is another word for Picralima nitida tree. The seeds consist of indole alkaloid, which has the medical value similar to kratom. It is the best kratom alternative if you want opioid effects.
Akuammine is structurally related to mitragynine, the potent kratom chemical. Pericine works similar to kratom's alkaloids. It binds to opiate receptors in the brain. Brilliant kratom substitute for opioid addiction.
The seeds can kill pain and mild opiate withdrawal symptoms.
Conclusion
The best kratom alternative you can find here. Mitragyna Hirsuta, Akuamma seeds, Kava, and Kanna, are my top kratom substitute that won't disappoint you. If you know other good options, please share a comment or post it on a kratom forum.
4.8 / 5 6 ratings
“Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth” ~ Alan Watts
Personality is defined as, “The set of emotional qualities, ways of behaving, etc., that makes a person different from other people; attractive qualities that make something unusual or interesting,” (Merriam-Webster Dictionary).
In theory this sounds great… right up our ego's alley. To have qualities or behaviors that make us UNIQUE, DISTINGUISHABLE, and DIFFERENT from other people sounds like the perfect recipe to reinforce our separateness from others.
But is our personality who we really are? And who or what decides what our “personality” is? Since our perspective of ourselves may be vastly different than another person's perspective of us, who would be the correct one if we were trying to define our specific “personality”?
One of the main properties of our ego is a craving for significance and a desire to be different than another. This craving can be manifested in any number of ways.
It can be in the adjectives we use to describe ourselves, “I am a deep-thinker, they are shallow” “I am kind and warm-hearted person, they are callous and cold” or “I am assertive, and aggressive, they are passive and weak” are all concepts we have in our minds about who we are. It can also manifest in the way we behave.
For instance, in any given situation or circumstance instead of responding with our natural instinct, we may find ourselves visiting our inner rolodex of “ways that are acceptable to respond based on who I am' (or who I think I am).”
In these instances we may find ourselves reacting in the same ways over and over to the same types of situations in our outer reality because we have limited ourselves to available options that coincide with our individual “personality.”
However, when we start to exist solely in these concepts of who we are and are attached to defining ourselves and others we may be limiting who we can become and consequently limit ourselves from being able to see other people for what they truly are… nobody.
In order to resonate in our own nobody-ness and start to see the nobody-ness in others we must first rise above our thought of who we were and what we thought has made us so different than others. But is that possible? Is it possible to transcend personality?
“We are alive in the present moment, the only moment there is for us to be alive.” ~ Thich Nhat Hanh
Personality can only really come from an attachment to an idea. We may have an idealized version of who we would like to be, or who would like the world to see us as in our heads that we begin to reinforce to ourselves over and over that this is who we are. Also, we may have picked up bits and pieces from what other people have said about us and attached ourselves to those labels as well.
For example, if enough people have told us that we are funny, we most likely will start to believe we are funny. Or if enough people have told us we are not funny, we may attach ourselves to that notion as well. However, all of these concepts depend on memory in order to survive.
We remember how we acted in a certain situation, we remember who we decided we wanted to be and are now acting in accordance with those beliefs, or we remember what someone said we were and are now behaving in accordance with the way a particular person chose to define us.
By choosing to be and act how we've always acted we remain a prisoner of the past. But in the present moment personality cannot exist, only being can.
Because personality is based in concepts and attachment to ideas, the minute we begin to explain our personality or ponder how we should react to something, based on how we were in the past, or how we want others to see us, we are immediately transported out of the present moment and into our own minds' perspective of the present moment.
Yes, things like anger or sadness or rage can exist in the present moment. They can be experienced and felt and just as soon as they come they can also go. And we may have felt the emotion of anger 20 times in one day, but it doesn't necessarily mean we ARE an angry person, all it means is we felt anger.
We felt it, and then it left us, but it has nothing to do with who we actually ARE. The less we try to define our personality we will then allow ourselves to be whatever pops up in that moment. We may experience sadness, or joy, or pure rage, but we will not attach ourselves to any of it, nor will we let it define who we are.
When we do this, we realize that other people we deal with are also not their personality, but just mere presence. They may experience outbursts of depression or anger but just like our own emotions are not who we are, but merely a sentiment that we felt in a particular moment, neither are theirs.
“Only those who are ready to become nobodies are able to love.” ~ Osho
Become a “nobody.” Recognize that everyone you meet is a “nobody.” Let the spontaneous combustion of human emotions and feelings come naturally and experience them fully without attaching yourself to the qualities so much that you start to believe that you ARE them.
Sometimes you may feel generous and kind, and sometimes you will feel jealous and envious, but it is not your job to judge the emotions themselves, only to completely surrender to them.
In this “experiencing” of the energy of emotions rather than the judging of the emotions we will find that we are not our qualities, characteristics and attributes.
We are only the presence that exists in the present moment… which is really nothing and nobody, and so is everyone else we meet. In our complete un-attachment to personality and complete anchoring in the presence, only one thing can emerge… love.
Image Source
Personality
Transcendence
Photo 4
Comments
Popular idol group AKB48 will be releasing their 50th single on November 22. Watanabe Mayu will be serving as the center for her final single with the group. This single, which is currently untitled, will mark Watanabe's 43rd senbatsu and 6th center for an AKB48 A-side track. The single will be released after Watanabe's graduation concert; which will take place during Halloween on October 31st at the Saitama Super Arena
The single will feature a 28 member senbatsu, comprised of members from AKB, SKE, NMB, HKT, NGT, and STU.
【AKB48】12 members
Iriyama Anna／Okada Nana／Okabe Rin（first senbatsu）／Oguri Yui／Kashiwagi Yuki／Kato Rena／Kojima Mako／Takahashi Juri／Minegishi Minami／Mukaichi Mion／Yokoyama Yui／Watanabe Mayu（c）
【SKE48】3 members
Obata Yuna（first senbatsu）／Suda Akari／Matsui Jurina
【NMB48】4 members
Shiroma Miru／Yamamoto Ayaka／Yamamoto Sayaka／Yoshida Akari
【HKT48】5 members
Kodama Haruka／Sashihara Rino／Tanaka Miku（first senbatsu）／Matsuoka Hana／Miyawaki Sakura
【NGT48】3 members
Ogino Yuka／Kitahara Rie／Nakai Rika
【STU48】1 members
Takino Yumiko（first senbatsu）
As this single will be Watanabe's final appearance as an AKB48 member, it also marks the end of an era as AKB will be losing their last remaining original “Kami 7”.
Who will be leading AKB48 as their next center with the departure of Watanabe?
(via oricon.co.jp)
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Teen Vogue Reporter Battles ‘Partisan Hack' Tucker Carlson on Fox News: Play-by-Play of Feisty Insults (Video) 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Tucker Carlson met his match Friday night when Teen Vogue reporter Lauren Duca called him out repeatedly during an interview on his Fox News show for twisting her words about Ivanka Trump.
The “Tucker Carlson Tonight” host confronted Duca for tweeting about Donald Trump's daughter in wake of a man lashing out at her on an airplane . After the reporter made it clear she did not condone the passenger shouting, “Your father is ruining the country,” Carlson shot back, “But wait a second, that's not at all what your tweet suggested.”
“My tweet didn't talk about the plane at all actually, so what are you referring to?” she asked, and things started to heat up from there. See the tweet in question below.
Ivanka Trump is poised to become the most powerful woman in the world. Don't let her off the hook because she looks like she smells good.
“Then you went on to say,” Carlson said as he quoted another tweet, which Duca sent out days before the Ivanka airplane incident.
“Ivanka HAS IT ALL, & by that I mean, ‘a job, family, & sinister complicity in aiding the most aggressively anti-woman candidate of our time,'” Duca tweeted on Dec. 18.
“Sinister complicity? She's his daughter,” Carlson argued.
“She did speeches on his behalf where she represented a platform of women's empowerment, and in terms of having it all, I think she's incredibly successful, brilliant woman,” Duca said. “The fact that she was able to balance him out on these issues where he has talked about defunding planned parenthood and being against abortion, and these typically liberal women's issues that she is sort of a cushion for, I think we need to investigate those things a little more critically, a little more rigorously and not be blinded by the fact that she looks like she smells like vanilla.”
Carlson didn't see the humor in her last remark, and immediately asked, “She looks like she smells like vanilla? Who's objectifying women here?”
Duca laughed out loud at the assertion, and then explained it was meant in jest to describe Ivanka's beauty. Carlson then asked for clarification on Duca's use of the word “sinister,” which she refused to back down from.
“It's sinister for a daughter to capitalize on the power of feminism and uniting women and empowering women while supporting a candidate who is the most anti-woman candidate this country has seen in decades,” Duca said.
“What does that even mean? Tucker asked. “She's anti-women because he wants to defund Planned Parenthood?”
“Is that what I said?” she asked. “I think your earpiece might not be working, because that is certainly not what I said.”
When the Fox News host said he's “trying to understand” Duca's point of view, she calmly said, “Tucker, you're not trying to agree with what I'm saying, you're shouting over me every time I speak. It's incredibly unprofessional.”
“I'm asking you a simple question,” to which Duca said, “You're not. You're actually being a partisan hack who is attacking me ad nauseam and not even allowing me to speak.”
When Carlson continued to suggest Duca approved of the man yelling at Ivanka on the plane, she countered, “I very clearly and calmly said no one deserves to be yelled at on a plane. I don't want to be yelled at, I don't want to yell at you on a plane.”
The fireworks really started to fly when Carlson brought up an article she wrote by saying, “You wrote this piece in Teen Vogue for, which I guess you write for.”
“Oh, which you guess I write for? Yes, that's not fake news, that's real news. I wrote for Teen Vogue. Oh, you guess, Tucker? You guess? That's really patronizing,” Duca said. “Your producers asked me if I write for Teen Vogue, and you have my article in front of you. My name is Lauren Duca and I write for Teen Vogue.”
Carlson finally got to his point: questioning a line in Duca's widely read article Donald Trump Is Gaslighting America , in which she wrote, “There are unprecedented amounts of ugliness to untangle, from deciding whether our President can be an admitted sexual predator to figuring out how to stop him from threatening the sovereignty of an entire religion.”
“What does it mean to question the sovereignty of a religion?” Carlson asked, and Duca explained: “That means an entire agenda a platform based on banning Muslims – which is still available on his website.”
Carlson called her use of the word sovereignty “moronic,” and was at a loss for how banning Muslims threatens the sovereignty of the religion — although he never explained why “sovereignty” was the wrong choice of words.
“Yes, that profiles based on the basis of religion and reduces people to their beliefs and dictates what they can and can not publicly believe,” Duca said.
Carlson's most backhanded remark came at the end of the interview when she asked, “So did you read the entire article?”
“I did,” he said before running through a few of her articles focused on entertainment. “I also read ‘Liam Payne Is “100% Certain” One Direction Will Reunite,' ‘Ariana Grande Rocked the Most Epic Thigh-high Boots at Jingle Ball,' and ‘Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian Just Went Through the Messiest Breakup of 2016' — those are your other pieces, but I'm trying to get what you're writing about Trump – taking a break from thigh-high boots.”
Duca, for her part, appeared astounded by Carlson's attempt to undermine her knowledge and understanding of politics because of her interest in pop culture, but she kept her cool.
“A woman can love Arianna Grande and her thigh-high boots and still discuss politics. Those things are not mutually exclusive,” she said. “Now that you bring up Teen Vogue, we treat young women like they don't have a right to a political conversation and like you can't enjoy Kylie Jenner's Instagram and worry about the future of this country, and those things are not mutually exclusive, so you know what? I did write about Arianna Grande and I did write about the abusive, bigoted, deceptive President of the United States.”
Carlson got the last word in, or rather, last insult.
“Those pieces were a little smarter than your piece about threatening the sovereignty of a whole religion,” he said. “Alright, I gotta go. You should stick to the thigh-high boots. You're better at that.”
Fox News cut Duca off before her response came out, but if we read her lips correctly, it may have been, “You're an insensitive prick.”
Either way, she made her opinion of Carlson known after the interview ended.
As you might expect, the Raiders relocation bid was a hot topic when Roger Goodell took to the podium Wednesday for his press conference in Houston leading up to Super Bowl LI. Along with the relocation questions, there was also the announcement that for the second straight season, the Raiders would relocate one of their home games next season to Mexico City.
Here are all the questions for Goodell and answers from relevant to the Raiders:
Q: The Raiders started the approval process to move to Las Vegas, though the latest news seems to put that situation in peril. Is the NFL confident that Las Vegas remains a viable location for the Raiders? And after decades of avoiding or opposing gambling, do the owners and league officials believe that legalized gambling and the NFL can coexist?
Goodell: “In your first question, we hadn't made a determination about Las Vegas as an NFL market. That's part of the relocation process. The Raiders submitted an application. It's one that we're considering carefully, but there is a great deal of work to be done and there are several elements of that. Financing of the stadium is just one. Obviously, the stadium project itself, the depth of the market, all of those are things that we've studied over the last several months, but that will increase in intensity over the next month or so as we move forward in that process. A second, as it relates to whether gambling can coexist with the NFL. In fact, it does. It's happening today. It's sponsored by governments. It exists throughout our world. What we have always said is we need to make sure that there's a fine line between team-sports gambling and the NFL. We want to protect the integrity of our game, and that's the line we will always do.”
After the great success that the NFL had this season in the game in Mexico City between the Raiders and the Houston Texans, will the NFL go back next season to Mexico?
“Yes. We had a great experience last year. The Texans and the Raiders, we couldn't have asked for a better reception from our fans in Mexico. We always envisioned that it would be more than a one-year commitment. We're going to come back next season. The Raiders and the Patriots will be playing there next season.”
For the past 20 years, I've asked the question, ‘When will Los Angeles be getting an NFL team?' And now, I'm tempted to ask, ‘When will Los Angeles stop getting NFL teams?' Just following on Barry's question, though, you detailed the process in the coming weeks about evaluating the Las Vegas market. Are you confident that you can complete that evaluation in time for the vote in the March meetings, and I'd also ask, if Las Vegas were to fall through, could San Diego be the viable option for the Raiders?
“Well, a couple things. One, we are confident that our process is thorough, that it will examine all of the issues that need to be examined to make the best possible decision from the ownership. If for some reason, we can't complete that by March, we'll deal with that, but the ultimate objective here is to the make the right decision. I've said it many times before, relocations are painful, and you want to be intelligent, you want to be thorough and you want to make sure that we do it with a great deal of sensitivity. We want to make sure that we're doing what's in the best, long-term interest of the NFL. So, we will see on timing, but we have been working on this over the last couple months, analyzing this, but we have now more information, and we'll have to get more information to go forward. The second part of your question, just so I'm clear? (Reporter: San Diego.) San Diego. Listen, and I've made this clear before, we were disappointed to have to leave San Diego. We couldn't get a stadium done. As you know, we had a referendum just last November that did not pass by the voters, and I think for any team to relocate to San Diego at this point in time, we're going to have to find a solution to that stadium problem, one that we couldn't do after probably 15 years of effort. That doesn't mean it can't happen in the future. In fact, there is a history of markets that get these projects done once a team leaves. That's unfortunate, because I think it's a painful way to do it, but this is something that we obviously would work toward, but we're moving forward at this point.”
You noted and said several times relocation is a painful process. I think you said a couple weeks ago in Ingelwood that we're all hurting over the Chargers leaving us. I'm hoping you could reconcile that with how enticing you made it for the Chargers to go to Los Angeles. The owners, a year ago, made it pretty easy. Is there anything the NFL can do better to have prevented the Chargers from leaving, or any other team?
“When you say we made it enticing for them to move to Los Angeles, I would actually argue the exact opposite. The NFL owners did something that was unprecedented, which they gave another $100 million on top of the $200 million, so a total of $300 million, to help build the stadium in San Diego. That had never been done before, never been offered before. So, I think we worked very hard as a membership and as a league, and as Dean Spanos and his family in San Diego, to try to get that done, to try to be creative and try to learn solutions to getting the stadium built. So, obviously, when we made our decision on the Rams relocating back to Los Angeles last year, the Chargers made the decision, despite having the option to move to Los Angeles, to say, ‘We want to stay one more year. We want to try to make this work. Let's give this another shot.' The referendum failed. There were a lot of other efforts in addition to that, but that's disappointing for all of us, because we didn't get it done. The answer to whether we can do things better and different – absolutely, always. We will always strive to do that, and if there is a better way we can accomplish these, but as you know, this is not a new issue. This isn't something that came up a year ago or three years ago or five years ago. This is probably 15 years of an inability to get a stadium done, and we will all take a share of responsibility of that.”
You recently said on a national radio show that if the Raiders move was approved by owners, you would not compromise any of the League's values. Were you referencing gambling and would you or the ownership be opposed to a casino having partial or full ownership either in a team or a stadium?
“We've always said we are going to maintain the integrity of our game by making sure there is a separation between sports, gambling and the NFL. That is something we think is imperative for us. We want our fans to know the game they are seeing unfold on the field does not have any undue influence. We recognize gambling occurs out in marketplaces. I said that in the first answer. But this is something from our standpoint we have rules that are in place. The Raiders have not asked for us to compromise those rules as it relates to our policies. We will continue to have that separation going forward. I don't see an ownership position in a team from a casino. That is not something consistent with our policies. Not likely a stadium either.”
From prominent players within the league, to fan bases in San Diego, St. Louis, New England, to the media, there seems to be an erosion of public trust in you and your office, do you acknowledge that and is there any way you would go about repairing that if you would even seek to do so?
“The thing that you have to always do every day is earn that trust, earn that credibility and it's by how you act and how you do things. Be transparent, making sure people understand the decisions you make. I don't expect for one second for people to agree with every decision I make or we make as a league. Those are always difficult, sometimes contentious, and sometimes less than perfect decisions, but you do them in the best interest of long-term health of the game and the NFL and I think we do that. We always seek to do things better, I will always seek to do things better and that's how we'll continue to operate and if we can do if differently, we'll do it differently.”
For decades, the NFL has helped families from Mexico and the U.S. bond together, watch the games. I grew up watching NFL games with a Mexican father and American mom. Nowadays, what can the NFL do outside the field to help build a better relationship between Mexico and the U.S., and not necessarily build other things?
“One of the things that we truly believe in our hearts is that the NFL really does bond communities together and can be a bridge in that way. It unites people. We're going to see it this weekend with the Super Bowl, where millions of people are going to tune in and they're going to celebrate and they're going to all forget about other things for at least a short period of time and really focus on having fun and being entertained by the Super Bowl. That's something that we're proud of, and by having the Patriots and Raiders play in Mexico next year, we hope that that very positive will show that we're reaching out to our fans in Mexico, we're reaching out to our Hispanic fans here in the United States. We're going to continue to do those things. We think they're positive and they can be helpful overall.”
(Inaudible follow-up question on the date of the 2017 Mexico City game)
“We haven't decided that. I think right now we're leaning toward a Sunday game on the basis that playing on Monday night on a holiday weekend – it was Thanksgiving week – it was difficult for the teams getting home that late at night on a short week. So, we're reconsidering that and seeing if there's a better alternative for our teams.”
What kind of message do you think the league is sending its fans that the Chargers were allowed to leave after 56 years in San Diego of great support, largely because the owner was not able to finance his own stadium and was relying on lots of public money and money from the league?
Russian cyber experts used the smartphone game Pokémon Go as part of their attempts to meddle with US politics, according to an investigation by CNN. Under the banner of Don't Shoot Us, a collective that seemed to share the aims of Black Lives Matter but which is now believed to have been run by Russians, online participants were encouraged to use the game to inflame racial tensions. Players were told to visit real-world sites where police brutality had been recorded, and give their Pokémon characters names of victims, such as Eric Garner, who died on Staten Island. The winners of the Pokémon contest would receive Amazon gift cards after sharing images on social media, the Don't Shoot Us site said. It is believed the campaign was an attempt to encourage black activism and sow discord between Americans. CNN said it had no evidence of anyone actually claiming the prize. "It's clear from the images shared with us by CNN that our game assets were appropriated and misused in promotions by third parties without our permission," Niantic, the makers of Pokémon Go, said in a statement provided to CNN. "It is important to note that Pokémon Go, as a platform, was not and cannot be used to share information between users in the app so our platform was in no way being used. This 'contest' required people to take screen shots from their phone and share over other social networks, not within our game. Niantic will consider our response as we learn more." The Don't Shoot Us site also had a YouTube and Tumblr account, and people claiming to be spokespeople for the collective even contacted some reporters in an effort to exploit racial tensions and sow discord among Americans, CNN said. Donald Trump has dismissed concern over Russian interference in the 2016 election The sites may have had “the dual goal of galvanising African Americans to protest and encouraging other Americans to view black activism as a rising threat,” the network claimed. A source confirmed to CNN that the Don't Shoot Us Facebook page was one of the 470 accounts taken down after the company determined they were linked to the Internet Research Agency – a Kremlin-linked “troll farm”. The Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts belonging to the campaign are currently suspended. The group's YouTube channel and website were both still active as of Thursday morning. The Tumblr page now posts about Palestine. The Don't Shoot Us YouTube page contains more than 200 videos of news reports, police surveillance tape and amateur footage showing incidents of alleged police brutality. These videos, which were posted between May and December of 2016, have been viewed more than 368,000 times. The site is registered to a "Clerk York" in Illinois, but CNN were unable to find anyone of that name, and the given address is a shopping centre. Vladimir Putin has also laughed off accusations of Russian interference in the 2016 election In a similarly mysterious manner, the Facebook page of Don't Shoot Us promoted a protest in the days after the shooting of Philando Castile in Minnesota in July 2016. But local activists were suspicious, having never heard of the organisation. When they contacted Don't Shoot Us, the group said they were considering opening a “chapter” of their organisation. Around the same time, Brandon Weigel, an editor at Baltimore City Paper, was emailed about a protest in Baltimore outside a courthouse where one of the officers involved in the arrest of Freddie Gray was due to appear. Weigel told CNN he was suspicious, as he had never heard of them. Black Lives Matter demonstrators The same email account was used by someone calling himself Daniel Reed, who was described as the "Chief Editor" of DoNotShoot.Us. He gave an interview to a contributor at the now defunct International Press Foundation (IPF), a website where students and trainee journalists regularly posted articles – but the emailed interview, obtained by CNN, contained words which had evidently been translated from Cyrillic. Facebook has said that it identified 470 accounts linked to the Internet Research Agency, while Twitter has identified 201 accounts. Google has not released its findings, though CNN has confirmed that the company has identified tens of thousands of dollars spent on ad buys by Russian accounts. Facebook and Twitter have submitted detailed records of their findings to both Congress and the office of Robert Mueller, the special counsel who is conducting an investigation into Russian interference. Facebook, Google and Twitter representatives are all set to appear before the Senate committee investigating Russian meddling on November 1.
A player of Pokémon Go More
Russian cyber experts created a Pokémon Go game as part of their attempts to meddle with the US election, according to an investigation by CNN.
Under the banner of Don't Shoot Us, a collective that seemed to share the aims of Black Lives Matter but which is now believed to be run by Russians, the game was created to inspire online participants.
Users could visit sites where police brutality had been recorded, and were encouraged to give their Pokémon characters names of real-life victims, such as Eric Garner, who died on Staten Island.
The winner of the Pokémon contest would receive an Amazon gift card, the Don't Shoot Us site said.
CNN said it had no evidence of anyone actually claiming the prize.
"It's clear from the images shared with us by CNN that our game assets were appropriated and misused in promotions by third parties without our permission," Niantic, the makers of Pokémon Go, said in a statement provided to CNN.
"It is important to note that Pokémon Go, as a platform, was not and cannot be used to share information between users in the app so our platform was in no way being used. This 'contest' required people to take screen shots from their phone and share over other social networks, not within our game. Niantic will consider our response as we learn more."
The Don't Shoot Us site also had a YouTube and Tumblr account, and people claiming to be spokespeople for the collective even contacted some reporters in an effort to exploit racial tensions and sow discord among Americans, CNN said.
Donald Trump has dismissed concern over Russian interference in the 2016 election More
The sites may have had “the dual goal of galvanising African Americans to protest and encouraging other Americans to view black activism as a rising threat,” the network claimed.
A source confirmed to CNN that the Don't Shoot Us Facebook page was one of the 470 accounts taken down after the company determined they were linked to the Internet Research Agency – a Kremlin-linked “troll farm”.
The Facebook, Instagram and Twitter accounts belonging to the campaign are currently suspended.
The group's YouTube channel and website were both still active as of Thursday morning.
The Tumblr page now posts about Palestine.
The Don't Shoot Us YouTube page contains more than 200 videos of news reports, police surveillance tape and amateur footage showing incidents of alleged police brutality. These videos, which were posted between May and December of 2016, have been viewed more than 368,000 times.
The Escape London Adventure Pack
Catherine has made 10 (!) pdf guides for walking weekends you can do year-round in some of Britain's best hiking locations. And the pack is filled with helpful tips and practical advice:
Some of the most iconic hiking locations in the UK
All doable in a weekend
27 Walks in total
All walks described with photographs
Great info on how to get there
Options on where to stay – all pre-researched
A full set of information resources for each weekend
In short, this is a very well researched and lovingly put together pack that will save you hours time and allows you to simply pack your bag and go out hiking.
Fantastic ideas supported by practical tips that take all the hard work out of getting away for an adventurous weekend in the countryside. Vikki Coombes
From Yorkshire to the Highlands
The pack contains 10 hiking trips you can do in a weekend. They're in Yorkshire, the Lake District, the Peak District, the South Downs, Edinburgh and the Scottish Highlands.
Have a look at the video below for more information:
This is great for couples who want to do something different for the weekend. It opened up a new world, giving me all the information I needed to know to confidently set off on a fantastic adventure. Karen Sargent
Find out more
Are you ready to hike out into the UK? You'll find everything you need in the Escape London Adventure Pack.
Hello again! After the last blog post about the most popular comics that ran on Blow The Cartridge in 2016, I thought it would be fun to look at the ones at the bottom of the list. Maybe we can point and laugh at their crappiness, and perhaps even learn something along the way about what not to do. Let's get stuck in!
Karnov
I can't say I'm too surprised that Karnov turned up in this list. I don't really know what I was trying to do here – I was kicking around the idea of Blow The Cartridge turning into a comic where old game characters try to get new jobs after they stop being famous, but I think that was a bit too esoteric and maybe a bit mid-life-crisis-ish.
King of Fighters
Aww! I kind of like this one! The land taxes bit gave me a giggle. I guess it is a bit of a cop out to do a comic about a fighting game and have no fighting in it. I mean, it's not like I have never done that before…
Yo, Joe!
This comic rightfully deserves its place amongst the most unpopular comics on this site. I didn't play the game that much and kind of extrapolated too much out of the intro cutscene that most people just skipped over. Also this was made back when I drew comics on paper, and I remember it taking aaaaages to do for some reason. Bah!
Jack Attack
I really need to stop making comics about games that are abstract. To be fair I didn't really have a lot to work with – the original game is just a bunch of blobs moving around the screen. I try to avoid these kinds of games nowadays, sticking to ones with clearly defined characters and situations.
A Dog's Life
I like Frontier's games, but I hate drawing dogs. Well, unless it's a Presidog. I guess the joke is he was being neutered? It's hard to tell with the angle I chose. This was made back when I didn't really have time to edit the comic script before committing to paper and it shows.
Revs
I guess nobody played (or attempted to play) Revs? Shame, I like this one. Never did get much further than the first corner…
Running Battle
The joke was that he was a cop avenging his partner's brutal murder by…brutally murdering people. OK not exactly top shelf material but sheesh, really, in the top 5? Ouch.
Equites
OK this one totally deserves to be in this list. I had nothing here. There were doors that had “Ent” marked on them, and that is the name of the trees in Lord of the Rings, and uh that was it YIKES no Cameron this was a bad comic go back to comic school.
Continental Circus
Yeah, looking back on it, I blew it. I could have made a comic about being a formula one star, or made a comic about how I spent prom night playing this on my C64 instead of going out because I was a total shut in, but I kind of tried to do both and failed. Shame.
Laser Squad
I guess I am literally the only person who a) remembers Laser Squad and b) thought it was amusing that you could shoot at toilets in Laser Squad? YEP.
Well there you go – this has been cathartic in a sense…and with almost 400 (!) comics in the archive now, they can't all be winners!
Over the next 24 hours, officers questioned the Thornleigh taxi driver and his aged-care worker wife, patted them down and searched their luggage before sending them to a detention centre in a caged van. They were then taken to a hotel with other detainees at 2.30am to sleep with armed guards by their bedside before being woken at 4.30am and put on a flight back to Sydney. Despite being Australian citizens and having valid visas to enter the US, the family members claim they were singled out because of their cultural background, having immigrated from Bangladesh four years ago.
"They treated us like terrorists," Mr Rabbi said. "We are Australian citizens. Why did they have to keep us in a detention centre? Why did they have to lock up my kids?" Mr Rabbi says that when he explained he was in the US to visit his father, the officers threatened him. Despite producing the family's $6400 return tickets, dated February 5, he says the officers accused him of attempting to illegally stay in the US.
"They were very angry," he said. "They threatened us and they said if you keep talking like that you'll be in big, big trouble."
The family, tired and hungry after their 18-hour flight from Sydney to Los Angeles via Melbourne, were given minimal food and drink during their time at the airport. "We were given no food, apart from a few biscuits," Mr Rabbi said. A request to meet Mr Rabbi's father, whom he has not seen for three years, was also denied.
"I told them that this is probably the last time I can see him before he dies," he said. "They did not listen to me. They said, 'You must go back to your country.' " A spokeswoman for the US consulate-general in Sydney said US Customs and Border Protection authorities reserved the right to refuse entry to the US.
Hey all! Kuromu#0121 from the Discord server here. Last week, we reached a member count of over 10 thousand! As a celebration, and as a way to give back to our community, we are holding several scrap.tf raffles. These raffles were almost entirely funded and created by our own community members, with a few donations submitted by or own moderators. You can view an imgur album containing every item donated by the community below.
Just be prepared to see a lot of fish...
Every day (until we run out of items) we will hold at least one raffle. Each raffle has a chance of containing one of our grand prizes!
I will update this post with raffle links as they become available. These raffles will be posted to both the subreddit and the Discord as soon as they become available. But the easiest way to make sure you're notified when the raffles begin is to join the Discord server! We're always looking for new faces!
Best of luck to all of you!
Edit:
Round 5 has begun! The raffle can be found at https://scrap.tf/raffles/WGS3OV.
Today: Another grand prize! The Terror-Watt Brown Bomber!
Not for the faint of heart, the following videos show an overhead cell phone video (via a Brazilian news broadcast) and the aftermath on the street (from an eyewitness) of a maniac who sped through a Critical Mass bike ride in Porto Alegre, Brazil on Friday, February 25th. The driver apparently sped through the crowd, attempting to mow down as many of the cyclists as possible, before ditching the car.
According to the Brazilian news, there were 130 riders. Fifty were hit, and two are in serious condition. The driver ditched the black Volkswagen Golf and took the license plates, and police have no suspects.
Here is a link to an English language translation of a blog post on the Porto Alegre Critical Mass page (or, if you prefer, the original Portuguese language version).
News broadcast with cell phone video of the attack:
Eyewitness video of the aftermath:
As the adoption rate of electric vehicles picks up and the network of fast-charge stations gets built out, the conversation around proprietary standards versus open networks becomes louder. Companies like Tesla do their own thing, building out ultra fast chargers with the prospect of free electricity and swappable batteries. NRG's EVGo and ChargePoint establish their own proprietary networks, while companies such as Greenlots - and much of Europe – argue for open standards. Sooner or later, this issue around the fast charging stations, and who has access to what, will get settled.
In the meantime, Ubitricity - a small company in Germany – is pioneering a novel and completely different approach: letting the (more patient) EV owner charge up just about anywhere. Ubitricity's idea is that many EV owners won't necessarily need to charge in 30 minutes, since most of the time their cars are stationary anyway. So why not create an environment where they can charge up at many different outlets, taking the metering software and charging infrastructure with them?
Knut Hechtfischer, who co-founded the company with Frank Pawlitschek, started his professional life as an anti-trust lawyer, then moved into transactional law and renewables. That transactional DNA underlies Ubitricity's whole philosophy. Hechtfischer comments,
Ubitricity is designed to lower transaction costs. The technology we are using is developed to reduce the problem of transactional costs, and it can be introduced within the existing legal framework.
He asserts that he is coming at the opportunity from a completely different perspective than the typical engineers he has met.
Engineers say ‘Why don't you do the way we do it and have always done it?' We say, ‘because we designed it to fit into the existing legal problem. It's not a technical problem, it's a commercial problem. It's a question of how to make charging commercially viable, how to deal with capex, opex, and still not overload the willing potential EV driving customer with too much financial burden.' How do you make a service ubiquitously available today? Exactly. By attaching it to a mobile device that you bring along. In most cases today, it's your smart phone. But the commercial and technical logic can be applied to access other things or services, too. '
In his view, it happens with car sharing; it can also happen with plug sharing. In this model, the EV driver might use a modified standard socket at home to charge, then commute to work, access another socket, and charge there as well. With the Ubitricity metering system, the workplace wouldn't have to pay to charge up somebody's car.
There are two ways to do it: the easy way to do it is to simply reimburse the person where you've charged with the help of a third party, being us. And if you have all the tools and regulatory prerequisites in place you can also net it from the already existing meter and it disappears from meter of the employer and no reimbursement is necessary.
In Hechtfischer's view, the build-out of all these independent charging stations is somewhat unnecessary (unless you are really in need of a fast charge – which most people aren't) since the electricity infrastructure is already extant and cars are stationary for most of their existence.
Cars are only in one place or another at a point in time, so why build two meters, two systems? The car is either here or there. The supply of electricity is always attached to a meter in the energy world. The paradigm shift here is driven by the fact that the consumer becomes mobile. The mobile meter fits into the IT world very smoothly with one exception, when the meter is tied to one grid and the mobile meter may show up in another grid. Or two, or five. So we established a virtual power grid –which allows us to add a new service layer. The meter moves with you...you can supply with your electricity. It's your electricity and your meter…we do not have to have intelligence in stationary equipment, we only need switchable and identifiable sockets.
Hechtfischer draws an analogy to the mobile phone network,
We had to address the problem of a mobile meter in multiple grids. It's like using SIM cards within various networks. There, Mobile Virtual Network Operators integrate a number of networks into one virtual network, thereby enabling the scalable national service.”
Hechtfischer notes that while there is a need to create the switchable and identifiable sockets, and the mobile meter, this is relatively cheap in comparison with the establishment of free-standing charging stations. Ubitricity also has another advantage in their partner, Tyco Electronics (TE Connectivity).
In 2014 we are extensively testing in Europe and with Tyco Electronics we will also start piloting on the West Coast, to spread the idea with a total of 150-200 EVs (author's note - 50 of those will be on the West Coast). By end of Q1 2015, the system will be commercially available starting in Europe, presented with strategic partners including TE connectivity, delivering mobile chargers and contracts with the utility as partners to distribute the service.
The goal is to work with Tyco and use volumes to drive down costs. Ubitricity thinks one option to do this is to work with municipal utilities to build out a charging network simply by retrofitting their light poles.
We estimate that at least one percent of Germany's light poles meet our requirements. That would be a total of 100,000 – it's an extremely efficient way to do this. We could substitute a 10,000 Euro charger (including the digging and rewiring) with a 300 Euro retrofit socket in a light pole, delivering 3.7 kW without costing the municipality.
Hechtfischer also addresses the perspective that some drivers will want to charge really quickly and have that convenience. In reality, he says, most drivers won't need it.
We think in the product space you have to look exactly what the cost of time of the person charging is. That's what determines the willingness to pay for the service. Tesla drivers may want quick charging. Others may want three-phase and 10- kWh. For us it all comes down to cost of metering, and the timing as to when you want to charge…The sweet spot is not the person who only charges at home or at the office but the commuter who commutes between A and B, having to pay at one spot for electric consumption - the office and then at home. The system works really well for people living in condos with joint garages where you are not accessing your own meter. The concept also works well with EVs that are in fleet vehicles charging at home.”
In the latter case, you can charge up your fleet vehicle at home and the employer gets the bill.
The model – mobile electric metering - is radical and completely different, and suggests that there may be use cases that have barely been thought of yet. Hechtfischer thinks that the potential could be really big.
This opens a whole new universe of potential services. Within someone else's premises, you can supply a consumer with whatever electricity you want and you are really within the internet of energy of things.
He muses with what you might be able to do in terms of integrating solar and the mobile storage within the vehicle.
In Germany it is legally possible to tie it right to the PV rooftop. You can store your electricity in your EV that's not even connected to the home but that's at work. This enables distributed storage in a new matter. It's virtual net metering with an ultra efficient metering approach.
He thinks there's also a big opportunity with retail electricity supply. Currently, competitive retail energy suppliers offer electricity to a fixed location – the customer's meter. What if they offered it to the EV's mobile meter as well?
Ubitricity provides data to existing electric suppliers to enable them to go from fixed line electricity to mobile electricity. You as customer could turn to a utility who wants to deliver service and they could offer the hardware, a 12 or 24 month electricity subscription with mobile electric device, like in the mobile phone world. They could brand the device, and even choose the color.
Ultimately, Hechtfischer expects that this notion of mobile meters and virtual grid can tie smoothly into the real power grid and provide a valuable service. With the car continuously connected to the grid when not on the road, it could be programmed with an algorithm to know when to take energy from – and provide back to – the power grid.
Hechtfischer comments,
It comes down to the transaction cost of doing that: the integration of controllable load in the system. The network has been designed to deliver grid stability at lowest possible transaction costs. It can help to integrate EVs and the power grid. But if you don't meter, you cannot optimize. If you cannot monetize, you cannot incentivize. So we had to think of a mechanism to allow you to mechanize and monetize and incentivize...There will be interfaces of data, including the state of charge of the battery, and aggregated with a cloud-based service. To have an optimization on 10,000 or 100,000 EVs might be technically feasible. However, today the individual contribution is not large enough to cover the transaction cost of each vehicle. It's too small because you have to connect the car at home with that infrastructure and then you have to do it at work again.
That's sometime in the future. In the meantime, Ubitricity is focusing on the challenges of the current business model, the results of the recent pilots, and where this could go.
I am leaving The Daily Show
Baratunde Thurston Blocked Unblock Follow May 13, 2016
Big post alert.🔑
After nine months of helping re-launch The Daily Show with Trevor Noah as Supervising Producer for Digital Expansion, I am leaving the show today. It has been a challenging and incredible journey. I'm hella proud of what the show overall and my team in particular have accomplished.
When Trevor Noah recruited me for this position, I joked with him that “I don't want to be your digital monkey.” I didn't want to be relegated to a corner somewhere sending tweets. He got it and supported my view that I wasn't building an ancillary digital team but an integrated “Expansion Team.” That's literally what I decided we should be called, and it stuck. We would build on, with, and beyond what the show was already doing and expand The Daily Show.
I inherited two-and-a-half existing staffers, a digital producer based at Comedy Central, and I hired digital news legend Ant De Rosa. We formed Voltron, and we defended the crap out of the universe.
In just nine months and roughly 100 episodes, we grew The Daily Show's social reach by more than one million followers. We published thousands of items to the internet, generating millions of likes and faves and hearts and shares and shouts and digipressions, as the people formerly known as the audience continued their great migration away from proprietary set-top boxes and 20th century business models, toward an even greater unknown.
More meaningful, and infinitely more fun than the numbers, has been the ability to tap into the show's existing creative talent and create new, funny things with tech.
On a regular basis, the Expansion team worked with various departments to unleash things like: YourBoyBlackTrump.com, Trump Dick, and debate night live-tweet achievements. We created that moment when Ben Carson separated a Kit Kat bar and when Lindsey Graham got deep. We launched Cruz Your Own Adventure, Third Month Mania, and that open letter from the Zuckerberg baby.
We even crossed the creative collaboration line and pulled off an historic comedy hackathon across all of Viacom, modeled after Comedy Hack Day and produced by my partners at Cultivated Wit.
This is just a sampling, and it doesn't do justice to the process and systems work we had to do. On my first day at the show, they gave me a tower PC (Seriously. I thought they were joking because it's a comedy show, but no). Today, words like Slack, Github, Amazon S3, Giphy, and Twilio are increasingly part of The Daily Show lexicon.
This has probably been the hardest job I've ever had, and while the work has been challenging, it isn't the only challenge I'm up to. I love bending technology to people's creative wills. I also love being able to express myself directly to people, and now I'm ready to get back on stage, on the mic, and on screens of all sizes.
With this election revealing the actual nation in which we live (versus the myth we've believed), with the tech world forcing ever more unconsidered changes on societies, with Boaty McBoatface demoted to a drone sub against the will of the people, I must get back to the other parts of my work.
While at The Daily Show, I learned as much as I could, as fast as I could, while I could. And I learned from those who are some of the best at jobs I never could do. I am so grateful to them all, especially Trevor. I will miss this place, and I have even more respect today than the day I started for the miracle the staff pulls off in making The new Daily Show every day.
Next for me: eating dinner before 9:30pm, clearing out my book-length Instapaper queue, and opening my mail. I'll be doing more standup; more TV; and more plotting. I've missed y'all, and I'm looking forward to this next phase.
Oh yeah, I have an email list!
During the weekend, even Ars takes an occasional break from considering the state of e-health or salivating over what's at E3 . Weekend Ar(t)s is a chance to share what we're watching/listening to/reading or otherwise consuming this week.
One bit of recent, gruesome news is all the Internet needed to restart the zombie frenzy. This pandemonium is nothing new. Any season of The Walking Dead brings out undead-theory subscribers. Certainly next spring's film version of World War Z will too (Brad Pitt + zombies may be the only thing more exciting than, Abraham Lincoln + vampires, right?).
The truth is zombie awareness never really goes away. Rather, it just creeps closer and closer to becoming an authentic part of life. Want evidence? Note the following very tangible options anyone can choose to prepare in light of any zombie interest boom.
Zombie-inspired fitness
The state of zombie speed and agility is the subject of a long-standing debate (see Wired, Slate, USA Today). Survivalists apparently assume the worst: undead armies will move like Olympians and physical fitness will be key to survival. It's the only explanation for something like ZombieFit.
ZombieFit is an exercise class offered in Illinois to, "help you prepare for the impossible, so you will be ready for the improbable." The folks behind this initiative believe in simple skills for success: lifting or throwing heavy things, running fast and far, weaving through urban settings efficiently. If you're not a local, the site offers daily workouts suggestions online that combine cardio, power workouts, and parkour elements to help participants reach peak apocalypse shape. Combine it with, say an augmented reality app like Zombies, RUN, and you should be ready to participate in your first Run for Your Lives 5k (as a human naturally).
Zombie-inspired habitats
Malls, churches, prisons—plenty of structures have been fictionally tested as anti-undead accommodations. Naturally, something had to be put into actual practice and realtors in Kansas stepped up to the plate.
The Survival Condos are fashioned out of a 1960s military-built silo, formerly an Atlas "F" missile base. The original purpose was nuclear safe haven, but based on its features a zombie commune would work quite well. Concrete walls envelop the entire thing, between two-and-a-half to nine feet thick. Between 36 and 70 people can live off the grid in the facility for more than five years. There's a water reservoir with purification system, an air supply cleaned by NBC (Nuclear, Biological, and Chemical) filters, and a military-level security system that requires training for all residents. As Buzzfeed points out, they even have guns in the case of massive hoards (or so we assume).
Full-floor condo suites run $2 million (with half-floor options for half of that), but that price includes the space, the training, the rations, and the peace of mind. Unfortunately, a recent sale is pending that would fill the final vacancies. Seriously.
Zombie-inspired survival guides
It's not worth spilling too much ink over zombie literature since the offerings are varied and vast. But to complete the theme of preparedness, some information on survival is essential.
The most revered has to be Max Brooks' The Zombie Survival Guide. This is the text that spawned World War Z, as well as spin-offs like the The Zombie Survival Guide: Recorded Attacks comic or this odd deck of cards. It's the most comprehensive text to date; providing a breakdown of historic attacks, differences in zombie traits by type of zombie, and guides to both shelters and weapons. The book turns 10 next year but it's still the go-to zombie field guide.
For a quick, cliff notes alternative...try the CDC. The government agency provides its own official guide. The agency claims it was a tongue-in-cheek endeavor to start, but the guide remains live on the Web. The CDC passes this off: "If you are generally well equipped to deal with a zombie apocalypse you will be prepared for a hurricane, pandemic, earthquake, or terrorist attack." Right. Anyway, tips like how to develop emergency kits or where to access official information follow in graphic novel form. No matter your stance on how ridiculous this may or may not be, at least the government recognizes it's the message that matters, no matter through what medium.
The Air Force Research Laboratory at Brooks Air Force Base, in Texas, has just completed an analysis of a round of tests of bees' bomb-sniffing ability and confirmed that they found the explosive chemical more than 99 percent of the time, project scientists said.
In coming weeks, the team plans the first field tests of a new radio transmitter, the size of a grain of salt, that could allow individual bees to be tracked as they follow diffuse trails of bomb ingredients to a source. Such a system would help if bees were used to search a wide area for hidden explosives.
But such sophisticated technology would not be necessary at, say, a truck stop, where the clustering of alerted bees would be apparent.
Scientists involved in the project said bees were also being considered for sniffing out illicit drugs, which release more volatile chemicals into the air and are easier to trace than explosives.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
For many years, biologists, notably a group at the University of Montana, have been training bees to prefer different scents, using sugar as a reward. After one bee learns the new cue, it somehow transfers that knowledge to others. Within hours, an entire hive, and sometimes adjacent hives, switch to searching for the new scent.
Scientists have found that it takes less than two hours to use sugar-water rewards to condition a hive of honeybees to eschew flowers and instead hunt for 2,4-dinitrotoluene, or DNT, a residue in TNT and other explosives, in concentrations as tiny as a few thousandths of a part per trillion.
In tests of 12 trained bee colonies last summer at the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio, one to two bees an hour were seen flying around uncontaminated controls, while ''we were getting 1,200 bees an hour on the targets,'' said Philip J. Rodacy, a chemist in the explosives technology group at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque. Sandia, the Southwest institute and the University of Montana are among many institutions contributing to the research.
One idea is to place a hive of trained bees near important security checkpoints to guard against potential terrorists, Dr. Rudolph of the defense research agency said. But he added that much more work had to be done before that could happen.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
''It's not straightforward to move from watching bees hovering around a box to watching trucks parking in a weigh station for a minute,'' he said. ''This is not a capability until we know how predictable it is.''
The work is a facet of a much broader effort overseen by Dr. Rudolph to exploit the chemical sensitivity and mobility of bees, as well as moths and other insects, so they can scour broad areas for a whiff of a chemical. Over all, the Pentagon has spent $25 million since 1998 on ressearching what it calls controlled biological systems, traits of animals that might be turned into war-fighting technologies.
Scientists are also exploring whether moplike insect hairs can be used to screen the air for releases of biological or chemical weapons. Early tests have shown that bees are an efficient sampling mechanism for airborne bacterial spores, including those of a close cousin of the anthrax bacteria, said Dr. Jerry J. Bromenshenk, an entomologist at the University of Montana.
He and other researchers there have developed ''smart hives'' that monitor the comings and goings of the insects and, with equipment developed at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, sip the air as bees return, to test for explosives.
Should the Bears look for compensatory picks rather than free agent signings?
The Bears have been out of the loop for awhile now. They have been looking for quick fixes and turnarounds, and what that has done has dug them into an even deeper hole. Look no further than their run of General Managers and head coaches recently. The same idea has been tied to their free agency.
Whether it be Roberto Garza, Julius Peppers, Jared Allen or Martellus Bennett, the Bears have made impact moves. Some have paid off, some haven't. Still, all of them factor into the fact that the Bears have had some of the least compensatory picks since the process started in 1994.
Since the league began rewarding teams who lost players via free agency, the
Bears rank 24th in the NFL with just 17 compensatory picks. Of course, that ranking includes the Cleveland Browns, who were not a franchise for three seasons, the Carolina Panthers, who started up as a franchise in 1995 and the Houston Texans, who came around in 2002. Aside from them, teams who have had as many or less compensatory picks include the New Orleans Saints, Washington Redskins, New York Jets, Oakland Raiders, and Minnesota Vikings.
To contrast, the eight teams who have had the most compensatory picks are led by the Baltimore Ravens with 48. The Dallas Cowboys, Green Bay Packers, New England Patriots, Los Angeles Rams, Pittsburgh Steelers, Philadelphia Eagles and Tennessee Titans round out the group. To put it in layman's terms, you would rather be lumped in with the Steelers, Patriots, Ravens, and Packers than you would with the Jets, Redskins and Raiders. Over the past three seasons, the Broncos (11), Seahawks (8), Ravens (7) and Patriots (7) have had the most compensatory picks. The Bears have none in that span.
Is it a coincidence that three of those four teams have played in a Super Bowl in the past three seasons? Compensatory picks are cheaper, younger shots at “free agents” known as draftees. They are essentially lottery tickets. Sure, you may not hit on your late fourth round compensatory pick. You also may not hit on your five-year, $35 million deal given to Lamarr Houston in free agency. One stings a lot worse than another. On top of that is the idea of playing the odds and having nine or ten shots at finding a gem rather than six or seven while putting your eggs in a veteran player's basket.
The Bears should have seen the value in that idea first-hand last season. The team traded back twice in the second round and scooped up two extra fourth rounders. They walked away with Nick Kwiatkowski, Deon Bush and Deiondre' Hall. Last season Kwiatkowski started seven games and looked to be a reliable, long-term depth player. Even if he is all that the Bears landed from the three, having those three strikes beats going all in on one of the three names.
Of course, the Bears apparently either have not grasped the idea or do not care for it. In 2017, a year in which the Bears are somewhat clearly rebuilding, they led the league in free agent signings. What is it they say about the definition of insanity?
When a huge star many times the mass of the sun comes to the end of its life it collapses in on itself and forms a singularity - creating a black hole where gravity is so strong that not even light itself can escape.
At least, that's what we thought.
A scientist has sensationally said that it is impossible for black holes to exist - and she even has mathematical proof to back up her claims.
If true, her research could force physicists to scrap their theories of how the universe began.
A scientist from University of North Carolina states she has mathematical proof that black holes (illustrated) can't exist. She said it is impossible for stars to collapse and form a singularity. Previously, scientists thought stars larger than the sun collapsed under their own gravity and formed black holes as they died
The research was conducted by Professor Laura Mersini-Houghton from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in the College of Arts and Scientists.
She claims that as a star dies, it releases a type of radiation known as Hawking radiation - predicted by Professor Stephen Hawking.
THE BLACK HOLE INFORMATION PARADOX One of the biggest unanswered questions about black holes is the so-called information paradox. Under current theories for black holes it is thought that nothing can escape from the event horizon around a black hole - not even light itself. Inside the black hole is thought to be a singularity where matter is crushed to an infinitesimally small point as predicted by Einstein's theory of gravity. However, a fundamental law of quantum theory states that no information from the universe can ever disappear. This creates a paradox; how can a black hole make matter and information 'disappear'? Professor Mersini-Houghton's new theory manages to explain why this might be so - namely because black holes as we know them cannot exist.
However in this process, Professor Mersini-Houghton believes the star also sheds mass, so much so that it no longer has the density to become a black hole.
Before the black hole can form, she said, the dying star swells and explodes.
The singularity as predicted never forms, and neither does the event horizon - the boundary of the black hole where not even light can escape.
‘I'm still not over the shock,' said Professor Mersini-Houghton.
‘We've been studying this problem for a more than 50 years and this solution gives us a lot to think about.'
Experimental evidence may one day provide physical proof as to whether or not black holes exist in the universe.
But for now, Mersini-Houghton says the mathematics are conclusive.
What's more, the research could apparently even call into question the veracity of the Big Bang theory.
Most physicists think the universe originated from a singularity that began expanding with the Big Bang about 13.8 billion years ago.
If it is impossible for singularities to exist, however, as partially predicted by Professor Mersini-Houghton, then that theory would also be brought into question.
During the collapse process stars release a type of radiation called Hawking radiation (shown). But Professor Mersini-Houghton claims this process means the star loses too much mass and can't form a black hole. And this also apparently means the Big Bang theory, that the universe began as a singularity, may not be correct
THERE ARE NO BLACK HOLES, ONLY GREY HOLES, CLAIMS HAWKING Earlier this year Professor Stephen Hawking shocked physicists by saying 'there are no black holes'. In a paper published online, Professor Hawking instead argues there are 'grey holes' 'The absence of event horizons means that there are no black holes - in the sense of regimes from which light can't escape to infinity,' he says in the paper, called Information Preservation and Weather Forecasting For Black Holes. He says that the idea of an event horizon, from which light cannot escape, is flawed. He suggests that instead light rays attempting to rush away from the black hole's core will be held as though stuck on a treadmill and that they can slowly shrink by spewing out radiation.
One of the reasons black holes are so bizarre is that they pit two fundamental theories of the universe against each other.
Namely, Einstein's theory of gravity predicts the formation of black holes. But a fundamental law of quantum theory states that no information from the universe can ever disappear.
Efforts to combine these two theories proved problematic, and has become known as the black hole information paradox - how can matter permanently disappear in a black hole as predicted?
Professor Mersini-Houghton's new theory does manage to mathematically combine the two fundamental theories, but with unwanted effects for people expecting black holes to exist.
‘Physicists have been trying to merge these two theories - Einstein's theory of gravity and quantum mechanics - for decades, but this scenario brings these two theories together, into harmony,' said Professor Mersini-Houghton.
MIAMI – This week is about one thing: The final push for the playoffs.
And while the Heat need help, several factors could play into their chances.
No. 1: Will guard Dion Waiters return from the sprained ankle that has forced him to miss 11 games?
No. 2: Will LeBron James need to rest tonight after playing 47 minutes in Sunday's overtime loss at Atlanta?
No. 3: Will the Wizards rest their stars Wednesday now that they are locked into the No. 4 seed?
It should be a fun week, especially if it lasts beyond Wednesday.
Here are our three things to look for in the final week of the regular season.
Long Wait over?: The biggest news Sunday was when the Heat's injury report was released. Dion Waiters, who has missed the last 11 games with a sprained left ankle, was upgraded from out to questionable. Waiters made significant progress two weeks ago when coach Erik Spoelstra first said the swelling had subsided and then offered that Waiters was out of his walking boot. Waiters averaged 19.3 points in the 22 games prior to the one in which he was injured and then the Heat went 5-6 in his absence. Expect Waiters to return tonight which would be a big boost for the final two games and, if Miami makes it, the playoffs.
Does LeBron need a night off? The Cleveland Cavaliers come to South Florida for tonight's game staggering after blowing a 26-point fourth-quarter lead Sunday in Atlanta and losing in overtime. Now, the big question is if LeBron James, who sat the last two times Cleveland has been in Miami, will play. James logged 47 minutes Sunday but it wasn't just James piling up big minutes. Kyrie Irving played 45 minutes and Kevin Love played 42. Coach Tyronn Lue has not hesitated to rest his stars if he believes they need a break regardless of where Cleveland is in the standings. And James has made it clear being healthy and rested when the playoff start is more important than getting the No. 1 seed. The Cavs enter the day tied with the Celtics atop the Eastern Conference. Cleveland, though, owns the tie-breaker.
Wizards preparing for playoffs: Washington is locked into the No. 4 seed in the conference no matter what happens the rest of the way. With that in mind, the Wizards likely will make sure their stars – guards John Wall and Bradley Beal – are rested for the playoffs, which would mean sitting – or at least limiting – the two All-Stars for Wednesday's regular-season finale in Miami. Of course, it may not matter to Miami. The Heat are 3-0 against the Wizards this season, including Saturday's 106-103 victory in Washington.
[The task may be daunting but Miami Heat ‘feel alive' with two crucial home games to end season]
[The legend of James Johnson continues to grow as Miami Heat starting power forward makes game winner]
[Playoff update: Miami Heat's hopes stay alive, but they still need help]
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook page]
It has been hailed as the most realistic screen depiction of the mafia ever made, a gritty affair with an almost documentary-like quality that has been tipped for Oscar glory after winning second prize at Cannes. But if the Italian film Gomorrah does pick up any Academy Awards, its director, Matteo Garrone, may be without a cast member or two to cheer him on. Since the movie opened in Italy, two have been arrested and a third is being investigated over allegations of real-life mafia involvement.
To maximise realism, Garrone cast a number of locals from Naples's most crime-ridden suburbs in several roles. Bernardino Terracciano, 53, who plays Uncle Bernardino in the film, was seized on Saturday on suspicion of extorting protection money and having ties to the Casalesi clan, part of the Camorra mafia, which has terrorised small towns north of Naples this year in a campaign that culminated in the shooting of six African migrants on September 18.
His arrest follows that of Giovanni Venosa, who plays another boss in the film and who was detained in July on suspicion of playing the same role in real life. A third actor plucked from the streets of Naples to play a hit man, who is seen in the film bursting into a sun-tanning parlour and opening fire, is being investigated for drug dealing, the Italian newspaper Il Giornale reported yesterday.
Garrone has said he approached the film as if it were a "war documentary" where "the director is invisible" and which works "on an emotional level, not a rational level". He cast theatrical actors alongside known cinema stars like Toni Servillo, combining them with a handful of Neapolitans with little or no acting experience hired on the spot, a formula he used in an earlier film set outside Naples, L'Imbalsamatore, or The Embalmer.
One actor in Gomorrah, a fruit and vegetable seller in real life who was cast as an aspiring mobster, made his first ever trip outside Naples to help promote the film in Cannes. After deciding to use Neapolitan dialect for the dialogue, Garrone then added subtitles in Italian for the film's domestic release.
One murder scene filmed in a rough Naples neighbourhood was videoed by locals using mobile phones and circulated, prompting a police investigation. "I met bosses who showed me that footage on their cell phones and told me that in addition to carrying out hits, from now on they would film them too," Garrone said.
The mob has long provided a rich seam for filmmakers, and like mobsters around the world the Casalesi have been inspired by on-screen mafiosi, notably Al Pacino in Scarface. Walter Schiavone, a senior boss, gave an architect a video of the film and told him to build a replica of the villa in which Al Pacino is murdered by rivals. Now standing empty, the villa appears in Gomorrah.
Terracciano's appearance in the film however marks a new trend for mobsters. No longer content to sit back and study celluloid gangsters like Pacino, suspected real life bosses are upping the ante by starring in the films themselves.
To make Gomorrah, Garrone was happy to take tips from locals when he filmed in some of the most dangerous neighbourhoods in Naples. "When we shot these scenes, they were always looking on", he has said, "providing advice and actively participating."
Based on the best selling book by the Italian journalist Roberto Saviano, Gomorrah describes the vice-like grip of the Camorra on Naples through drug dealing, building contracts, prostitution and the dumping of toxic waste in fertile agricultural land, as well as control over the city's rubbish collection.
Saviano, who is now under police protection, has continued to campaign against the rule of the Casalesi clan, the most feared grouping within the Camorra, which has this year launched a campaign of killings, prompting the dispatch this month of 400 extra police and 500 soldiers to the clan's fiefdom around Casal di Principe. Yet killings have continued, despite the arrest of suspected hit men.
"The plan has been to terrorise businessmen and family members of turncoats as well as discouraging future turncoats," one of those arrested, Oreste Spagnuolo, told police, Corriere della Sera reported yesterday.
Despite the erection of army roadblocks and a wave of arrests, the Casalesi were suspected of last week ransacking the flat of a local journalist, Rosaria Capacchione, who has documented the clan's empire and who also lives under police escort.
Made men
Gomorrah is not the first time cast members have fallen foul of the law in real life. The Sopranos had a litany of cases in which actors were charged with criminal offences. In 2006 Louis Gross, cast as bodyguard to mob boss Tony Soprano, was charged with criminal mischief for an alleged break-in. He cut a deal with prosecutors. Another actor, Lillo Brancato Jr, goes on trial next month charged with the murder of an off-duty police officer in 2005. Vincent Pastore, "Big Pussy" Bonpensiero, pleaded guilty in 2005 to attempted assault on his girlfriend and was sentenced to community service. Robert Iler, Soprano's rebellious son, pleaded guilty in 2001 to mugging two youths and stealing $40; he got three years' probation. Tony Sirico, Paulie Walnuts, had before the series been arrested 28 times, and was sentenced to four years for holding up a nightclub in the 1970s.
Caroline White
Heather Anderson. (Courtesy Heather Anderson)
The first 10 days of Heather “Anish” Anderson's hike southbound on the Appalachian Trail were so grueling she almost didn't continue. The terrain starting from Maine's Mount Katahdin was physically and mentally difficult, and she wasn't making the mileage.
Anish threw away her itinerary, all the arbitrary numbers that she had scheduled pre-hike, and kept going: 40 miles here, 40 miles there, carrying her backpack, a 1 lb. tent, a sleeping bag, fleece sleeping clothes, a jacket, a headlamp, a cell phone, and food: Pro Bars, caffeinated chocolate, things easily consumed on the go.
For the next seven weeks she walked south through New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, West Virginia, Virginia, Tennessee, and North Carolina before finally reaching Georgia. There, one day away from the end of the trail on top of Springer Mountain, Anish realized she was going to beat the record for a self-supported, 2,189-mile thru-hike by an astounding four days.
[On Black Friday, REI wants you to take a hike. Literally.]
Anish's trail hiking days had begun in college during a summer job at the Grand Canyon, and after graduating she decided to thru-hike the Appalachian Trail.
“It was a really steep learning curve, because I hadn't done any actual backpacking up until that point,” Anish says, but she completed the hike going northbound: Georgia to Maine.
Two years later, on the opposite coast Anish thru-hiked the Pacific Crest Trail. During that trip she also met David Horton, who was speed-running the trail.
“It was kind of this mind-blowing concept,” Anish says, “to do a trail fast, to have support, to run it rather than hike it. That's kind of where … the idea for trying to set a record on one of these trails came from.”
Her first speed-hiking attempt was eight years later, once again on the Pacific Crest Trail in the summer of 2013. After starting in Campano, Calif., it took her 60 days, 17 hours and 12 minutes to thread her way up through California, Oregon, and Washington state to Canada, breaking the previous speed record by four days.
No woman had ever attempted the record before, and after that trip people started calling Anish “the Ghost,” for how she seemed to come out of thin air. But she wasn't coming out of thin air: She was walking, at 3 miles per hour, for extremely long distances, covering 40 to 50 miles per day.
[Hillwalking from sea to sea across Scotland]
Anish took a break before trying to speed-hike the John Muir Trail in the summer of 2014. The John Muir Trail is another continental divide hike up through California. Due to altitude sickness, that attempt ended before she could complete the trail. But she wasn't giving up on speed-hiking: The summer of 2015, she decided, would be the summer of the Appalachian Trail.
Her hike on the Pacific Crest Trail had been self-supported: No cars to pick her up from the side of the road to bring her to town; no one waiting for her with fresh meals when she stopped; no pre-arranged personal assistance of any kind. For logistical reasons, the AT attempt would be as well.
After announcing her intentions on the hiking forum fastestknowntime.proboard.com (“I formally state my intentions here … that I will be attempting to set a self-supported FKT on the Appalachian Trail beginning in early August,” she wrote), she brought a SPOT beacon to record her miles, and set off at 9:37 a.m. on Aug. 1.
The Appalachian Trail Conservancy does not officially recognize speed records. Instead the records are on the honor system and listed online by Peter Bakwin, administrator of “Fastest Known Time.” The last person to set the AT's self-supported thru-record had been Matt Kirk in 2013, when the former schoolteacher did it in 58 days, 9 hours and 38 minutes. Before him the record-holder for more than 23 years was Ward Leonard, who hiked the trail in 60.5 days at a time when the AT was still 30 miles shorter.
Part of the challenge of self-supported hikes is that you are on your own in the wilderness. Along the way Anish saw bears, copperheads, rattlesnakes, deer, and other wildlife – not to mention bugs. Thunderstorms raged for much of the first few weeks. But after the first 10 days, the biggest obstacle was business hours: Anish had sent her food resupplies to herself by post, but she sometimes struggled to get to the businesses to pick up the boxes before closing time.
“There were sometimes where I missed the box … I just had to camp early and wait until they opened the next morning,” Anish says, “So I lost a lot of time.”
By early September, Anish was back on track. She began to approach the end with elation and grief. “I was very content to know that I had done what I set out to do, and I was relieved to be done … but I also felt sad because it was over.”
She had been shocked to discover that she was beating the record time, and didn't necessarily believe it even when seeing the calculations. The next day on top of Springer Mountain, Anish marked her beginning time and end time – 5:25 p.m., September 24th 2015 – on the trail log and posed for pictures, smiling. A trail that usually takes six months to thru-hike had taken her 54 days, 7 hours, and 48 minutes.
After coming down the mountain, Anish met a friend-of-a-friend in the parking lot and spent the night in a real bed for the first time in two months. The next day, she headed back to Seattle, where the celebration would begin.
Congratulations poured in as fellow backpackers absorbed the news.
“I've been completely terrified both times that I've started at the beginning of these trails. I knew I would be putting myself through something very difficult, mentally, physically, emotionally, spiritually,” Anish said. “On the other hand, I also knew that I was capable of completing the trail, doing 40-plus miles a day, since I had done that before.”
Two days later, Anish was back in the mountains, working on her side-project: reaching the summit of the 100 highest peaks in Washington state.
US Senator Pat Toomey (R-PA) (Photo: Facebook)
Congress is gearing up to vote against clinics that provide health care necessary for women, their uterus, their hormones, their birth control, pap smears and various other forms of personal care necessary. Yet, when it comes to discussing the very things they're legislating, it seems some GOP staffers think it's far too graphic.
According to a post from Jezebel, a Philadelphia woman was on a call with a staffer from the office of Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA). She wanted to voice her displeasure with the Republican war on Planned Parenthood and the Affordable Care Act.
The Philly Voice reported, 26-year-old Nina Starner was doing her duty as an informed citizen and called her senator. She wanted to know what Republicans planned to do once Obamacare was repealed. The conversation was curt, to say the least. There were few answers. She then turned to talk about federal funding of Planned Parenthood and the ability for women on Medicaid to use those clinics.
Toomey has been outspoken when it comes to services that these clinics deliver. He's voted to slash Planned Parenthood funding in the past and further believes doctors who perform abortions should be penalized and punished.
“I would support legislation in Pennsylvania that would ban abortion,” Toomey said in a 2009 interview with MSNBC's Chris Matthews. “And I would suggest that we have penalties for doctors who perform them.”
Starner told The Voice that she schooled the staffer on the Hyde Amendment prohibiting federal dollars from going to abortions, so cutting funding wasn't about that. The staffer claimed that the funds could easily be put toward those services and no one would know. When she demanded details on how Planned Parenthood centers would account for those services, he couldn't answer.
She was asked for her information, including her zip code, which she gave. She also noted that she'd be happy to call back on another day when she could talk to Sen. Toomey about her reproductive system and her period.
That's when things went downhill fast. The staffer told Starner that she shouldn't “be so graphic.” She explained to the staffer that Republican lawmakers “should understand [the] workings of reproductive systems since they're legislating on them.” She alleged that the staffer asked her again to stop being graphic and ended their call.
“I am one of his constituents; it's my right to voice my dissent, especially since I didn't vote for Sen. Toomey,” Starner went on. “I feel I have the right to go to a staffer in a frustrated tone of voice.”
Toomey's office has yet to comment on the incident.
(Reuters) - An Ohio man who killed his roommate and ate part of his brain almost 40 years ago was denied parole for the sixth time, prison officials said on Thursday.
David Allen Chapin, 60, was deemed “unsuitable for release” by the Ohio Parole Board on Wednesday, said JoEllen Smith of the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction.
Chapin shot Donald Liming in the eye in their apartment in Milford, Ohio, during an argument over religion on Oct. 3, 1978. Chapin was a Baptist, while Liming had said he was a Catholic, a Buddhist and a pagan, the Cincinnati Enquirer reported.
At the time of the shooting, both men were 23 and longtime friends, the newspaper said.
During the murder trial, Chapin pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. He told a court ordered psychiatrist that he ate Liming's brain as part of a “mutual agreement” between the roommates, the newspaper said.
Chapin, serving a life sentence at the Allen Correctional in Lima, Ohio, cannot be considered for parole again until December 2018, Smith said.
Clermont County Prosecutor Vince Faris said his office would continue to object to the release of Chapin, supporting relatives of Liming who want Chapin to remain in prison.
Father jumps car over open drawbridge in terrifying stunt to save family
A father drove his car over an opening drawbridge in a death-defying stunt to avoid plunging into the water below.
Terence Naphys was crossing New Jersey's Middle Thorofare Bridge with his family when its steel ramp began to lift beneath them.
Mr Naphys was reportedly already near the centre of the bridge and was forced to accelerate his Toyota RAV 4 to jump the 6ft gap out of fear the car would fall 65ft into the deep bay below.
The vehicle flew through the air and landed safety on the other side.
"It's scary what's going through your mind. We could have all landed in the water, Mr Naphys told NBC Philadelphia.
He added: "I will never ever drive that bridge or probably any drawbridge again."
No one was hurt but the vehicle sustained $10,000 (£7,800) damage.
Mr Naphys was on holiday his wife Jacquelyn, daughter Kaity, 16, and her 16-year-old friend, when the incident happened. They had been travelling from Wildwoods to Cape May, which are connected by the bridge, to go for dinner on August 1.
An operator is thought to have been temporarily blinded by sun glare as he opened the drawbridge to let a fishing vessel pass.
The operator believed the family's car had already safely passed over.
The bridge's operator is thought to have been blinded by sunlight (Google Street View) More
Mrs Naphys noticed the bridge lifting and alerted her husband.
“It wasn't until we were at the very edge when I saw the bridge might be opening,” she told the Courier-Post.
“I wasn't nervous until we landed. That's when we realised the bridge wasn't just a little bit open.”
Cape May County Bridge Commission has launched an investigation into the incident.
The bridge was built in 1940 and needs as much as $200 million (£155m) worth of repairs and renovations, according to officials.
This week's death of another northern white rhino—there are now just three in the world—presents the world with a rare and devastating opportunity: the chance to actually watch a species go extinct.
That doesn't very often, because most extinctions happen far away from humans' prying eyes. Populations decline, become scattered and flitter away. In most cases, no one is there to witness a species becoming a memory.
Scientists and conservationists don't declare a species extinct all that often because, well, hope remains eternal. Even if they know that an existing population disappears, there's always the possibility that the species itself still exists on the next hill over, or under a rock, or somewhere we have yet to search.
Sometimes, however, hope is hard to hang on to. That's why 25 species have just been identified as “critically endangered, possibly extinct” in the latest update to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species.
The list of possibly extinct species includes a frog, numerous orchids, several Hawaiian plants and a lost legume—all of which have not been seen for many years, but none of which conservationists have completely given up hope about.
Let's take a look at these potentially lost species:
Rhynchosia ledermannii — Last seen in 1908, this Cameroonian legume came from just a since site smaller than 4 square kilometers. The only known specimen has since been lost, as has the original habitat.
Stereospermum zenkeri — Also from Cameroon, this tree grew in within an 8 square kilometer region that has now become urbanized. It was last seen in 1950.
Cyanea kolekoleensis — When this Hawaiian plant was discovered in 1987 the entire species consisted of just 15 mature individuals. Pigs, invasive plants and 1992's Hurricane Iniki whittled that number down pretty quickly. The last individual plant was seen in 1998. Attempts to propagate this species in a greenhouse failed and that habitat where it could grow in the wild, if it still exists, continues to degrade.
Delissea rhytidosperma and D. takeuchii — These two flowering plant species were last seen on the Hawaiian islands of Kaua'i and O'ahu in 2002 and 1987. Competition from non-native plants and predation by invasive pigs did them both in. D. rhytidosperma still exists in the National Tropical Botanical Garden, but the chances of it returning to the wild seem slim.
Kadua haupuensis — Another Hawaiian plant, this time from Kaua'i. Only seven plants were ever known in the wild—all of which were wiped out in a landslide in 1998. This is another plant with a sliver of hope. According to the IUCN, “nine accessions grown from seed from the original plants in the wild are in living collections at the National Tropical Botanical Garden on Kaua'i, and there are 69,300 seeds in storage.”
Phyllostegia kahiliensis and P. knudsenii — More Hawaiian plants with the same threats posed by invasive species. These were last seen in 1987 and 2001.
Silene perlmanii — Yup, another Hawaiian plant. Yup, the same threats. Last seen on O'ahu in 1997. Seeds exist, but we've never gotten them to grow enough to reproduce on their own.
Stenogyne bifida and S. kanehoana — Two of the most recent probably disappearances on this list, these plants were last seen on Moloka'I and O'ahu in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Seeds exist, and cultivation is ongoing for the latter species.
Bulbophyllum erythroglossum, B. hirsutiusculum, B. minax, B. sanguineum and B. tampoketsense — These orchids, all native to Madagascar, each had incredibly small known habitats which have now been degraded by wood harvesting and subsistence agriculture. Illegal orchid collectors also took their toll. They were last seen in 1964, 1928, 1919, 1925 and 1923, respectively.
Cynorkis bimaculata, C. catatii, C. rolfei and C. sylvatica — More missing Madagascar orchids. Last seen in 1961, 1889, 1903 and 1951.
Disperis bosseri, Eulophia grandidieri and Hymenodictyon seyrigii — More orchids. Last seen in 1957, 1901 and 1942.
Lepidoblepharis miyatai — This tiny gecko once lived alongside several other lizard species on a beach on the Caribbean coast of Colombia that is popular with herpetological collectors. It was only seen once—a single day in August 1964. It hasn't been observed since.
The Arico water frog (Telmatobius pefauri) — The only species on this list with a popular name, this frog from a mountain in northern Chile hasn't been seen since 1976, the only time it was ever observed. The streams the frogs once swam in have since been drained to provide water for human use and cattle ranching. It's hard to be a water frog if there's no water left in which to swim.
Of course, there's always hope that any of these species could turn up again. It happens all the time. Case in point, the Mahé boulder cricket (Phalangacris alluaudi), which the IUCN Red List previously listed as possibly extinct. It was rediscovered last year and it is now listed as critically endangered. That may not be great news, but it's a rare win in the fight against extinction.
Photos courtesy of IUCN
Houston blues musician Little Joe Washington dies
Little Joe Washington (Bill Olive photo, for the Chronicle.) Little Joe Washington (Bill Olive photo, for the Chronicle.) Photo: Bill Olive, Freelance Photo: Bill Olive, Freelance Image 1 of / 23 Caption Close Houston blues musician Little Joe Washington dies 1 / 23 Back to Gallery
Houston blues player Little Joe Washington performed for more than 40 years, but his musical recordings were limited to a few hard-to-find albums. He moved quietly and frequently, as much a ghost as a legend. Washington - whose personal blues included a 10-year period he barely remembers, addictions and periods of homelessness - died after an extended illness Wednesday, said Jomonica Phoenix, his friend and caretaker. He was 75.
Washington's skeletal frame and world weary visage gave the impression that he was fading long before he did. He repeatedly found his way to local hospitals in his last years, but he'd rally and continue performing until the end.
In the late-'90s he became a popular performer on stages at venues such as Boondocks, the Continental Club and Blue Iguana. There Washington was a volatile presence on stage, playing guitar with his teeth and his crotch, banging out notes on a battered keyboard, and throwing himself around, and sometimes off, the stage.
Washington could be brilliant and awful, frequently playing fragments of songs before stopping abruptly.
His personality was similarly hot and cold. Eccentric and shifty, Washington often burned bridges with those close to him, including other performers and those who provided lodging and money.
But he was one of the last remaining performers from a bygone golden era for Houston blues. Washington performed with the likes of Lightnin' Hopkins, Albert Collins and Johnny Copeland. He was close with Joe "Guitar" Hughes. His association with Hughes, paired with his frame, which didn't top five-feet-five-inches, earned him the nickname that became shorthand for his talented and troubled myth around Houston.
Washington may have peaked at 65. After years of wandering and years of abusing himself, in 2004 he took the stage at the Fuji Rock Festival in Japan, a mammoth three-day event that included such acts as Lou Reed, PJ Harvey and the White Stripes. The show came amid a period of particular productivity for Washington, who found fairly regular work around Houston.
An album, "Houston Guitar Blues," was finally released in 2003. It was largely made up of songs Washington had played for years, but didn't get around to recording. The record reflects the breadth of Washington's talent. He plays some boogie blues on "Hard Way," gospel-tinged Southern soul on "Someone Loves Me" and swinging blues on "I Feel Alright." "Bossa Nova Part 2" is one of the most interesting tracks on the album - its style self-explanatory.
"Houston Guitar Blues" is the most readily available document of Washington's music, though it recently fell out of print.
Tomas Escalante, owner of Sig's Lagoon, said it's been "one of my top sellers" over the years.
"I have trouble keeping it in stock," he said. "If they keep making them, it'll sell forever here."
Still the most exciting way to see Washington perform died with him: performing with the reckless abandon with which he also lived his life.
The documents show Sir Robert Menzies openly questioned the Commonwealth's viability and accused new member nations of “thriving on antagonism” by waging a coordinated campaign of “anti-colonialism” engineered to strip “the white men” of their power.
The former Prime Minister also joined forces with former President of the United States John F. Kennedy to personally encourage the United Kingdom to join the European Economic Community, now known as the modern European Union.
So sensitive were the never-before-seen “personal and private” telegrams exchanged by the Liberal Party founder and British Prime Minister Harold Macmillan in 1962, the Secretary of the Cabinet warned they should not be read “by anyone at all” in the civil service, even instructing bureaucrats in Canberra to further limit their circulation.
'Out with the white men'
“Any enthusiasm I had for the new Commonwealth is waning fast”, Prime Minister Menzies confessed to his counterpart in London.
“People like me are too deeply royalist at heart to live comfortably in a nest of republics.
“The new republics seem to thrive on antagonism.
“They appear to have less affinity with our own conception of freedom than they have with Moscow and Peking.
“In the depths of our being, we have little or nothing in common with them.
“For most of the new members, the cry of ‘anti-colonialism' seems to be the raison d'etre of nationalism.
“For, as we see so clearly out here, ‘anti-colonialism' means ‘out with the white men'.
Getty
“Quite frankly I think we retain certain communities in the Commonwealth for inadequate reasons.
“To take a sample case, I can understand why Ghana wants to remain in the Commonwealth.
“In the hope of benefits.
“But it contributes nothing.
“The truth is that the Commonwealth, which used to have a structure and a spirit, is rapidly becoming a sort of tower of Babel.
“We run the grave risk of disintegration.”
Prime Minister Menzies complained about his “uncomfortably close” 1961 election victory, revealing a reluctance to travel to London for a Commonwealth Prime Ministers' meeting.
“I must confess I did not enjoy the last two very much,” he said in the communication.
His reluctance was also because he said his “nominal majority includes one or two people who would be quite happy to make mischief in my absence” and he feared an extended absence from Canberra could see a repeat of his “bitter experience” in 1941, when he was ousted from office during a similar visit to Britain.
The Prime Minister also vented his fury at plans to discuss increased “movement of populations between Commonwealth countries” at the upcoming summit.
National Archives of Australia
“If we were at liberty to discuss the internal racial policies of one member, it would be quite legitimate that at some subsequent meeting to discuss, for example, the Australian immigration policy which is aimed at avoiding internal racial problems by the expedient of keeping coloured immigrants out”, the Prime Minister huffed.
“We already have a mass of new members of the Commonwealth, some of whom have no real independence except political, and quite a few of whom are strangers to our notions of self-government and civilised administration.
“Many of us have great anxiety about the Commonwealth and the disappearance of so many of its old characteristics.
“They will be acutely increased if it turns out that we in Australia are to be told how we are to manage our own affairs.
“The plain English of it is that the new Commonwealth has nothing like the appeal for us that the old one had.
“When I ask myself what benefit we of the Crown Commonwealth derive from having a somewhat tenuous association with a cluster of republics… some of which like Ghana are more spiritually akin to Moscow than to London, I begin to despair.”
The role of war
Mr Menzies' forthright observations appear to have struck something of a chord with Harold 'Supermac' Macmillan as he sat at his grand desk overlooking Horse Guards Parade at Admiralty House in London.
Having boldly told British voters they'd “never had it so good” and to embrace “the wind of change”, the last British Prime Minister born during Queen Victoria's rule and to have fought in World War I painted a very different picture of the world in an uncharacteristically reflective and unsanitised reply. It was deemed so sensitive that it was only ever allowed to be seen by The Queen and First Lord of the Admiralty ... until now.
Having confided that he too believes the Commonwealth has become “an absolute tragedy” with “young and inexperienced” nations “itching to interfere”, Prime Minister Macmillan then devoted nearly 18 pages mulling “the end of the white man's accepted predominance”, offering a unique insight into the pressures of high office.
“My Dear Bob," he began.
“I know you will let me just ramble on a little as if we were talking in a room together – how I wish we could!
“You and I were born into a very different world… and here we are, my dear Bob, two old gentlemen, Prime Ministers of our respective countries, sixty years later, rubbing our eyes and wondering what has happened.
“What has really happened is this.
“By folly and weakness on the one side, and incredible wickedness on the other, Europe has twice pulled itself to pieces in a single generation.
“I do not think the loss of life, terrible as it has been (especially since it always takes its toll of the best), has been the chief loss.
“Nor does the squandering of money and materials amount to much: these can be replaced.
"What has really gone is the prestige of the Europeans – British, French, Germans, call them what you will.
“Whether in the Old World, or migrated to the New World, or settled in Australasia, or in Africa, Europeans have broadly governed the world for over 2,000 years in a more or less coherent unit.
“What the two wars did was to destroy the prestige of the white people.
“For not only did the yellow and blacks watch them tear each other apart, committing the most frightful crimes and acts of barbarism against each other, they actually saw them enlisting their own yellows and blacks to fight other Europeans, other whites.
“It was bad enough for the white men to fight each other, but it was worse when they brought in their dependents.
“And what we have really seen since the war is the revolt of the yellows and blacks from the automatic leadership and control of the whites.
These are staggering personal reflections from a Prime Minister who so publicly embraced decolonisation.
A process, he wrote, had seen the death of “universal pride and confidence in the successful transformation of territories won haphazardly into an orderly Empire consisting of two great divisions".
“Of these the first included the mother country and the countries of British tradition – Canada, Australia and New Zealand, and, with all the problems of the Boers, South Africa.
“Here there was no difficulty… there was the Empire of the free, independent, advanced, civilised, Christian people that you now correctly call the Crown Commonwealth.
“Then there was India.
“Most Indians, with the exception of a few agitators, accepted the need for a period of education.
“Thirdly, the Colonial Empire, spread over Asia and Africa, the Pacific and the Far East.
“Here the process of evolution to self-government had hardly begun.
“It was a matter of civilising savages.
“Nobody, certainly, expected that it would be what it has proved to be.
Prime Minister Macmillan appears not to have known – or to at least did not acknowledge – that Australia's Indigenous culture dated back tens of thousands of years.
European Communities
Debating a European union
Five years after France, Belgium, West Germany, Italy, Luxembourg and The Netherlands signed the Treaty of Rome in March 1957, the United Kingdom was still debating the merits of entering a political and economic union with “the six”.
“It is an uncertain future”, Prime Minister Macmillan mused in his dispatch to Canberra.
“Of Germany, you can never be sure.
“There are some fine men with good ideas… but there is always a streak of barbarism in the German people.
“It is the kind of smouldering fire which can easily be fanned up into a roaring flame.
“It is for this reason, apart from any economic question, that I have very slowly come to the conclusion that we ought, and indeed we must, try to have a political influence in Europe.
“I still do not know whether they really want us either economically or politically.
“For we may find that after all the whole thing falls to the ground.
“But if it do I do not think things will be better.
“It would be almost impossible for us to continue in NATO or keep large forces at enormous expense to defend a Europe that does not want us economically or politically on reasonable terms, and I would not be surprised to see comparatively soon not this time the Germans on the Channel ports but Communist-controlled countries."
Sir Robert Menzies encouraged Prime Minister Macmillan to sign up to “guide Europe” on “political, repeat political, grounds”, confiding the President of the United States John F. Kennedy had expressed a similar belief to him that the United Kingdom was best placed to fight Australia and America's interests.
During a meeting in Washington, he claimed JFK said to him: “You know, the interesting thing is that if Great Britain goes into the European community we will be outside of it and you will be also.
“In these circumstances, we both have a lively interest in maintaining and developing our own trade into the extended Europe and in the avoidance of over-nationalistic economic policies in the Community itself.
“We therefore have a lot in common and should be disposed to help each other to maintain and expand access for our good to the European Market.”
It was an approach Prime Minister Macmillan ultimately shared, but the United Kingdom's application to join the European Economic Community was blocked, twice, by France.
He watched from the sidelines a decade later when Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath finally signed the accession treaty in 1972.
European Communitie
Fake news?
Harold Macmillan would only spend another year ensconced in power and his long letter to Canberra revealed a political weariness.
“Our instrument of government was not created for the present day and is being subjected to pressures for which it was not intended”, he penned.
“Parliament meets far too long in the year.
“Ministers have no holidays.
“Although I have been away for a day or two to shoot or play golf I have not been away from the telegrams, the office, the boxes, for five years.
“And so we are terribly apt to deal with immediate problems and postpone the longer terms ones.”
In his reply, Sir Robert Menzies, who would go on to spend another half-decade in office despite his narrow election win, takes aim at the media.
“The great art and self-sacrificing profession of Politics is sneered at by the Press, whose controllers are self-elected, and the confidence of whose views are in direct ratio to their ignorance”, he mused.
"The business of a Cabinet is to think and to perform.
“But what time do we have to think?
“Cabinet meetings are squeezed in, and are rarely intellectually exhaustive.
“In Australia, the distances from electorates are so enormous that some Ministers have to chose between doing their Cabinet duty and, as absentees, losing their seats.
“Reading and thinking become more difficult at the very time when they are most needed.
“You are right when you say that our instrument of government is out of date – though I cannot think of a better one.”
Trump campaigns in Eu Claire, Wisc., April 2, 2016. (Scott Olson/Getty)
Brookfield, Wis. — One week before Wisconsin's presidential primary, Ted Cruz stood before hundreds of supporters in this Milwaukee suburb and cast the contest in sweeping terms, framing it as a “battleground” where forces opposed to Donald Trump could turn the momentum of 2016 campaign against him.
“The entire country is focused on the state of Wisconsin,” Cruz said. “And right now in the state of Wisconsin it's neck and neck — Donald Trump and I are effectively tied.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Cruz was underselling his own support in the state, where he had already pulled comfortably ahead of Trump, according to private and public polling. But he was right about one thing: Wisconsin is being watched by Trump's adversaries around the country. And what they see is not just an opportunity to defeat the Republican front-runner on April 5, but a formula for denying him the nomination outright.
Trump's negatives are sky-high, particularly in populous southeastern Wisconsin, in part because of relentless attacks on his candidacy from the state's influential conservative talk-radio hosts. Two outside groups, the Club for Growth and Our Principles PAC, amplified that assault by blanketing Wisconsin's airwaves with anti-Trump ads. The state's GOP establishment, led by Governor Scott Walker, reacted to the winnowed primary field by rallying around Cruz as the best bet to topple Trump. And swarms of pro-Cruz volunteers and super-PAC workers descended on the state, seizing on the lull in the primary schedule to out-organize the competition as they had done in neighboring Iowa.
“It was a perfect storm, if you will,” says Matt Batzel, the Wisconsin-based head of American Majority, a conservative activist group. “A lot of people talked about Trump having a ceiling of 30 to 35 percent in other states. But we actually see that in Wisconsin, and it's because of those factors working together.”
Advertisement
The result: Cruz has pulled away from a battered Trump over the last two weeks and is poised for a resounding victory in Tuesday's primary. “We're going to have a solid win,” says state senator Duey Stroebel, Cruz's Wisconsin chairman. “He'll beat Trump by at least eight points, easy.”
Cruz has pulled away from a battered Trump over the last two weeks and is poised for a resounding victory in Tuesday's primary.
Indeed, Cruz's “neck and neck” talk did not reflect his team's bullishness, which was detectable even before a crucial 24-hour stretch last week seemed to seal Trump's fate. Tuesday afternoon, hours after Walker's endorsement, Trump's campaign manager was charged with battery against a female reporter. The next day, Trump stepped into fresh controversy after saying that if abortion were illegal, then women who have abortions should face “some form of punishment.” (Cruz pounced; Trump later reversed himself.) Capping it off, Wisconsin's top pollster, Marquette Law School's Charles Franklin, released a survey Wednesday showing Cruz up ten points on Trump, 40 percent to 30 percent, and Trump's negatives surging statewide. (Marquette's previous poll in mid February also showed Trump at 30 percent, which at the time was enough for a ten-point lead over a larger, still-fractured Republican field.)
This turnaround isn't surprising to the Cruz campaign, which weeks ago identified Wisconsin as fertile ground for both their operation and the anti-Trump movement. “Once we get there and introduce ourselves, we can very quickly make it a race like Iowa,” Chris Wilson, Cruz's pollster and data guru, predicted in late March, before Cruz and his allies arrived in Wisconsin.
Advertisement
Advertisement
RELATED: Why Cruz Is Poised to Stop Trump in Wisconsin
The question no longer seems to be whether Trump will lose Wisconsin on Tuesday, but whether Cruz's victory will truly signal a tipping point in the race — by arresting Trump's momentum and also by providing a blueprint for halting his march to 1,237 delegates.
“If Trump loses [Wisconsin], the wheels will be off Trump Express and it'll be the beginning of the end for him,” Brent Bozell, a prominent conservative leader and Cruz supporter, tweeted Wednesday. “Crash and burn, Donald!”
* * *
There's an assumption that Cruz would earn all 42 of Wisconsin's delegates with a comfortable victory, shutting out Trump. But that's highly unlikely.
Wisconsin awards 18 at-large delegates to the statewide winner, but also three delegates to the winner of each of its eight congressional districts. While Trump could be crushed in the white-collar Milwaukee suburbs, his support appears steady in the rural northern and western parts of the state. He is heavily favored to win the seventh and third districts, and he should be competitive in the eighth and sixth, which encompass the Fox Valley, an unpredictable region where the demographic differences between southeast and northern Wisconsin collide. Whatever the result there, Trump should pick up at least six and perhaps as many as twelve delegates from Wisconsin.
Advertisement
“I think two is likely, three is reasonably possible, and four is even possible,” Franklin says of Trump's potential congressional district wins. Walking away from Wisconsin with a dozen delegates or fewer isn't ideal for the front-runner, but at this stage, every bound backer is critical.
Advertisement
RELATED: Ted Cruz Can Beat Trump
An overlooked obstacle for Cruz is the continued presence of John Kasich. Even though the poorly funded Ohio governor pulled his radio ads from Wisconsin early last week, effectively ceding the state to Cruz, he remains a threat in the affluent “WOW” counties of Waukesha, Ozaukee, and Washington. “I certainly think Cruz is an odd standard-bearer for Republicans in that area,” Franklin says, “but that's the position they're in because of their disdain for Trump.”
Advertisement
Kasich topped 20 percent statewide in the Marquette poll, largely on the strength of his support in metro Milwaukee, and Cruz kept dumping anti-Kasich mailers in those areas through week's end. It proved that Kasich's relative popularity with upscale white-collar voters remains a threat to Cruz — in Wisconsin's case, he could steal enough votes to hand a suburban district to Trump, or even win one outright himself, further muddying a Cruz victory statewide.
#share#Even if Cruz does win a lopsided victory on Tuesday, Trump's immediate collapse is doubtful.
A two-week break occurs between Wisconsin and the next primary on April 19, an extended hiatus during which accounts of Trump's unraveling are certain to echo. But the state that is voting on April 19 happens to be New York. All four polls there in March, including a Quinnipiac survey last week, show Trump carrying at least 50 percent of the vote. That's significant: While New York's 95 delegates are awarded via a winner-take-most system — inviting Cruz or Kasich to win delegates in certain districts — anyone hitting 50 percent in a district takes all three of its delegates. The same 50-percent rule applies to the state's 14 at-large delegates.
Advertisement
RELATED: Cruz Must Be the Anti-Trump
If Trump takes a vast majority of New York's delegates, as seems likely, he'll have momentum heading into the April 26 “Acela Primary,” when nearby Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island vote. With the exception of Pennsylvania — a volatile “loophole” contest where 17 delegates are awarded to the statewide winner, but the remaining 54 are elected directly on the primary ballot — those states look solid for Trump, regardless of the results in far-away Wisconsin on April 5.
It could be a very different story, however, as the calendar turns to May and two states are tested as potential bulwarks against Trump's march to the nomination: Indiana and Nebraska.
* * *
Trump will probably emerge from April 26 with about 900 delegates, which means he cannot afford to be shut out in either Indiana on May 3 or Nebraska on May 10. And yet those are the two remaining states where the formula used to defeat Trump in Wisconsin will be most aggressively applied.
A Midwestern state with Republican voters clustered around Indianapolis and scattered across more rural areas, Indiana will be familiar terrain for Cruz and his team, who will target the state with a well-financed, exhaustively organized effort similar to those they mounted in Iowa and Wisconsin. Nebraska, another deep-red stronghold in the Midwest, will receive similar attention from both Cruz's campaign and the #NeverTrump movement. And in both states, anti-Trump efforts are likely to receive a boost from prominent conservative office-holders — starting with Mike Pence in Indiana and Ben Sasse in Nebraska — who have made known their discomfort with Trump and who will undoubtedly enlist their networks to organize against him.
Advertisement
RELATED: How to Drump Trump
The stakes are enormous: Indiana awards 57 delegates, 30 to the statewide winner, the other 27, three apiece, to the winner of each of its nine congressional districts. Nebraska awards all 36 of its delegates to the statewide winner. Depriving Trump of all or nearly all of the combined 93 delegates from Indiana and Nebraska could strike a decisive blow to his effort to reach 1,237.
Voting with Nebraska on May 10 is West Virginia, which holds another unpredictable “loophole” primary where all of the state's 31 delegates — 22 statewide, and nine from three congressional districts — are elected directly on the ballot. Given that Cruz has outmaneuvered him in such grassroots affairs, including in Colorado and North Dakota this past weekend, Trump seems unlikely to collect many delegates in that contest.
RELATED: The Way Forward for the #NeverTrump Movement
A total of 375 delegates are up for grabs in the race's final stretch, from May 17 to June 7. But assuming that Trump is still hovering somewhere around 900 — having been essentially shutout since April 26 — he would need to win roughly 90 percent of those remaining to hit 1,237.
The key contests for those hoping to squeeze Trump into such a precarious position are Indiana and Nebraska.
That's quite improbable: Both Oregon on May 17 and South Dakota on June 7 are closed primaries; South Dakota is a winner-take-all contest in a Cruz-friendly part of the country, and Oregon awards its delegates proportionally without any threshold, conditions that in Trump's best-case scenario make it possible for him to take roughly a third of the delegates at stake that day. And Montana's June 7 winner-take-all caucuses — with 27 delegates on the line — are ripe for Cruz, who has dominated western caucus contests.
The key contests for those hoping to squeeze Trump into such a precarious position are Indiana and Nebraska. If Cruz and allied forces can stifle Trump in those states (and any others along the way), they'll make it nearly impossible for him to hit the 1,237 mark, and Wisconsin will be looked back upon as the catalyst: the state that wrote the playbook for defeating Donald Trump.
Advertisement
#related#Jason Storms, a 37-year-old pastor and anti-abortion activist in Wisconsin, embodies that playbook. Cruz was not his first or even his second choice in 2016. But determined to stop Trump, Storms signed on with a pair of Cruz super PACs that employed 20 full-time door-knockers in the final two weeks before Wisconsin's primary — and 40 on the final weekend.
“Not many people were paying much attention to Wisconsin as being a real factor in this race,” Storms says. “Now they are.”
Batzel, the Wisconsin-based activist, attended the Pennsylvania Leadership Conference this past week to instruct fellow organizers in grassroots-training seminars. “People kept asking, ‘What did you guys do?' and ‘How did it work in Wisconsin?'” Batzel says. “They're hoping our result gives them some momentum — and some ideas — to stop Trump.”
— Tim Alberta is the chief political correspondent for National Review.
CORRECTION: In a previous version of this story, South Dakota's primary was listed as proportional; it is winner-take-all.
Just received a call from my neighbor saying that a box was delivered to their house while they were away (last week), and they will put it on my front porch! So excited, but have to wait until after work : P
Update:
Didn't want to post aulion's gift without using it first, so I looked ahead to see what I would be going over in my classes and started sketching! The paper and pencils are phenomenal - smooth, good for shading, and easy to erase if the situation calls for it! This is my first actual professional looking sketchbook and the pencils are SO MUCH better than the mechanical and dollar store ones that I have been using all these years! I can't wait to post more sketches as the year progresses! Thank you so much aulion!!!
Ceiling panels that cool the air? Windows and shades that open automatically? A constant LCD display of energy use? These are some of the nifty features in NASA's new lunar-shaped office building that opens this spring in Moffett Field, Calif.
Dubbed NASA's "latest mission on Earth," the building showcases innovations engineered for space travel. It has, for example, a forward-osmosis system that treats greywater (from restroom sinks and showers) and reuses it to flush toilets and urinals.
"They installed that system on the space station," says Steve Zornetzer, associate center director of NASA Ames Research Center, where the building is located, just south of Palo Alto. So, he asked, "Why can't we use that on planet Earth?"
The NASA Sustainability Base, designed to produce more energy than it uses, will be one of the federal government's greenest buildings. It reflects the push by President Obama, who will have solar panels re-installed on the White House this spring, to make federal buildings more energy- and water-efficient.
"It makes sense for the bottom line," says Nancy Sutley, chair of the White House Council on Environmental Quality. Because the federal government is the country's single largest energy consumer, she says, lowering its utility bills will save taxpayers money and help the environment. She says Obama is expanding on the Bush administration's efforts to green the federal sector.
In October 2009, Obama signed an executive order requiring new buildings and major renovations be certified by the private U.S. Green Building Council's rating system, known as LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design). In October, the General Services Administration upped the ante by requiring such projects meet LEED's second-highest, or gold, standard. Previously, it required a lower level of certification.
"They're really walking the talk with strict new standards," says Alex Wilson, executive editor of Environmental Building News. "We're seeing some amazing projects on the federal level."
Some of the best examples come in places people might not expect, says Michelle Moore, Obama's federal environmental executive. She cites the Department of Veterans Affairs' efforts to install solar panels at facilities nationwide, starting with ones in sunny areas that will produce up to 100% of their annual electricity. Also, she cites the Army's plans to build and rehab 2,106 homes at Fort Belvoir in Fairfax County, Va. The project has a mixed-use town center, solar panels and a salvaged playground.
NASA's new building wouldn't have been possible even five years ago, partly because the software used in its design wasn't as sophisticated then, says Jay Bhatt, senior vice president of Autodesk Inc., which provided software. He says its Revit system allows architects to model designs for maximum performance so they know the impact of every change, such as the amount of daylight available if they rotate the building 10 degrees.
Such modeling estimates that the $23 million, 50,000-square-foot NASA showpiece will use 75% less energy and 90% less potable water than regular code-built structures. And, once a solid oxide fuel cell is added to the solar panels and wind turbine, it's expected to produce an annual surplus of power. It's slated to earn the top LEED rating, platinum.
Zornetzer touts the building's geothermal system, composed of 100 wells, each 140 feet deep. "It's a very simple passive system," he says, noting how the wells connect to a pump that runs water through copper tubes in ceiling panels. The water stays at 58 degrees, so due to basic physics, the cool air falls from the panels to the workspace below.
He says computers will open the windows at night to let in a cross breeze and close them during the day. He says they'll open and close shades to regulate solar gain. Software will also monitor and adjust the building's temperature, humidity and carbon dioxide as well as light and noise levels.
Not all is high-tech. The building is oriented to maximize daylight, so artificial light will be needed only about 40 days each year. It's narrow, 54 feet, and has no interior columns, so people working in the middle will still benefit from daylight pouring in from floor-to-ceiling windows, and, on the second floor, the skylights.
"It has this incredible view," says the project's architect, Dave Johnson of William McDonough & Partners, noting the surrounding tall evergreens.
"It's like you're standing in a forest," Johnson says. "It's awesome. I'd like to work there."
Zornetzer says he'll be one of the lucky residents, and he won't hide in a corner office. To see how the building fosters collaboration, he says: "I'm going to take an open workspace."
SAN FRANCISCO (CN) – Largely reinstating a verdict against Sonora police officers who removed a hyperactive 11-year-old from school in handcuffs, the en banc 9th Circuit agreed Wednesday that the use of restraints amounted to excessive force.
The incident in question occurred one September 2008 afternoon at Sonora Elementary School. C.B., as he is named in the ruling, forgot to take medication for his attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and was experiencing a “rough day.” The child's gym teacher – who had been dealing with him since kindergarten – attempted to coax C.B. into her office where he could “cool down” and refocus, a strategy that had helped make C.B. more compliant in the past.
With C.B. refusing this time to leave the playground, however, the teacher called the cops.
Sonora Police Chief Mace McIntosh and Officer Hal Prock were equally unsuccessful in engaging C.B.
Claiming to be simultaneously concerned for C.B.'s safety – the gym teacher had referred to him as a “runner” and a possible suicide risk – the officers placed the boy in handcuffs and put him into the back of a patrol car.
All parties agreed that C.B. had not struggled with officers and had complied with their requests. In fact, C.B. said very little during his encounter with McIntosh and Prock. Nonetheless, the officers transported the handcuffed 11-year-old for some 30 minutes to his uncle's business without ever formally arresting the boy or even telling him where they were going.
C.B. sued the city of Sonora, McIntosh and Prock for false imprisonment, emotional distress, excessive force and unlawful seizure.
A federal jury credited the officers' defense that they believed state law allowed them to take C.B. into temporary custody without a warrant because he had acted uncontrollably at school. But inconsistencies on the verdict form and continuing jury confusion led U.S. District Judge Oliver Wanger to guide the jury on the points of the officers' affirmative defense. After more deliberations, the jury returned with a completely different verdict that found Sonora and its officers liable for all C.B.'s claims.
In September 2013, a panel for the 9th Circuit vacated the jury verdict and ordered a new trial. The judges found Wanger's emphasis on consistency troubling, holding that he had “improperly sent a message to the jurors that they got it wrong the first time.”
The panel also found the officers' affirmative defense credible, given what the gym teacher had told them about C.B.'s behavior and medical condition.
After agreeing to revisit the case en banc, the full 9th Circuit held Wednesday that Wanger's jury instructions were longwinded but fell “far short of plain error.”
As to the seizure of C.B., a majority said the officers erred in simply taking the situation at the gym teacher's word rather than investigating the child's behavior for themselves.
“The officers acted reasonably at the outset by seeking to engage with C.B. to investigate the dispatch that they had received about an ‘out of control' minor,” Judge Richard Paez wrote for the majority. “What they found, though, was a quiet but nonresponsive child. During the entire time police were present, the child did nothing threaten or disobedient. Although Coach Sinclair mentioned that C.B. was a ‘runner' who had not taken his medication, the officers did not ask a single follow-up question to learn what Coach Sinclair meant and never inquired what had prompted the dispatch. Nor did they consider any less intrusive solutions, such as ordering C.B. to return inside the school building, or asking a guardian to pick up the child. When viewed in relation to these circumstances, the officers' decision to seize C.B. and remove him from the school grounds was not reasonable.”
Though the court found that the seizure of C.B. was unreasonable, in violation of the boy's Fourth Amendment rights, a majority found that the officers enjoyed immunity on this issue.
Judge Milan Smith wrote this section of the ruling, saying the officers sufficiently showed that they acted appropriately in considering the gym teacher's assessment of the situation.
“If we were to hold that the officers' conduct was an ‘obvious violation,' we would effectively establish a new rule that police officers in a situation similar to this one must undertake an independent investigation whenever they observe behavior that appears in any way inconsistent with a school official's report,” Smith wrote. Such a requirement would be unworkable in the real world of law enforcement and school administration.”
Asking would an investigation in C.B.'s case would entail, Smith noted that it could involve anything from reviewing the student's record, to talking with school counselors.
“By characterizing the officers' conduct as an ‘obvious violation' of constitutional rights, the dissent would require an officer to undertake such an uncabined investigation prior to responding to these situations, or risk personal financial liability if he did not,” Smith wrote. “It would disincentivize officers from responding to calls for help from school officials under similar circumstances.”
The ruling found it unquestionably excessive force for police to handcuff an 80-pound, 4-foot, 8-inch tall boy – surrounded by a gaggle of adults.
“The further decision to leave C.B. in handcuffs for the duration of the half-hour commute to his uncle's business – a commute that took place in a vehicle equipped with safety locks that made escape impossible – was clearly unreasonable,” Paez wrote, noting that state law at the time prohibited unreasonable and “excessively intrusive” use of police force in response to school incidents.
Judge Marsha Berzon had the last word in her dissent to the qualified immunity issue.
“Because there was no cause to believe C.B. could be detained under Welfare Code provisions, and no reasonable officer could believe that there was, I would affirm the judgment for C.B. on these grounds,” Berzon wrote. “I would not manufacture a T.L.O.-based law-enforcement-officers-as-school-disciplinarians defense never argued to the jury, or us,” Berzon concluded, citing the landmark school-search case New Jersey v. T.L.O.
Like this: Like Loading...
New internal documents from the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee that were leaked Monday reveal that the organization is highly critical of some Democratic candidates for Congress, including one that's too "pro-police" for national party officials.
The documents include notes about electoral demographics, fundraising and similar campaign information, but most notably include criticism of at least two of the party's own candidates going into Florida's Aug. 30 primary election.
In the state's 10th district, for example, where four Democrats are vying to replace Republican Rep. Daniel Webster, the DCCC papers single out one candidate: Bob Poe, who the documents note could be viewed as "anti-black lives matter/pro-police" and as "too conservative among other progressive Democrats."
Another document makes clear that the DCCC doesn't support former Democratic Rep. Joe Garcia in Florida's 26th district. The DCCC suggested that Garcia should be referred to as a "scandal plagued former congressman" whose candidacy serves as "a flashback to a corrupt line of politicians."
Related Story: http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2598176
The documents were posted to a Wordpress blog administered by "Guccifer 2.0," the hacker who allegedly penetrated both the DCCC and the Democratic National Committee, as well as other affiliated organizations.
As the official campaign arm for House Democrats, the DCCC is charged with building the party's ranks in Congress in the fall election, and while it sometimes plays favorites between party members during primary elections, it generally tries to avoid that appearance.
The papers were released just weeks after former DNC Chairman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was forced out of her role after other documents indicated that the DNC backed Hillary Clinton over Sen. Bernie Sanders.
Paleontologists have discovered a new species of dinosaur in Australia. The wide-hipped, long-necked, four-legged plant-eater was about half the length of a basketball court, and its shoulders stood as high as the hoop. Dinosaur fossils in Australia are exceedingly rare, and this discovery could help scientists understand how these massive creatures spread across the planet millions of years ago.
"There are entire lost worlds of dinosaurs waiting to be found."
David Elliott, now the chairman of the Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum, stumbled across the fossils by chance in 2005. He was herding sheep in the northern Australian town of Winton when he discovered what he thought were fossilized limb bones. When his wife Judy Elliott fit two of the fossils together, they realized that the bones were in fact the toe of a massive, plant-eating dinosaur. The rest of the skeleton revealed that it was an entirely new species from the group of vegetarian dinosaurs called sauropods.
Today, after more than 10 years of work, a team of scientists led by Australian paleontologist Stephen Poropat officially published their discovery in the journal Scientific Reports. They named the species Savannasaurus elliottorum after the the Elliott family and the grassy region where they discovered it. This is an important discovery, says Matthew Lamanna, a curator of vertebrate paleontology at the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pennsylvania who was not involved in this study. "Dinosaurs from Australia are extraordinarily rare, and most Australian dinosaurs are represented by just a few bits and pieces," he says.
By contrast, the Savannasaurus skeleton is one of the most complete sauropods to be discovered in Australia. Based on its skeleton, it was probably about 50 feet long, with a long neck and a wide, round body — weighing in at 40,000 pounds, as much as three African elephants combined, Poropat says. The researchers haven't found any fossilized dung or teeth to determine what Savannasaurus ate, but it likely grew to that size on a low-quality vegetarian diet. That might be why the dinosaur was so wide across the middle: it needed a really long gut to extract the nutrients from its fibrous food.
Savannasaurus lived in Australia 95 million to 98 million years ago alongside two other titanosaurs. That places it squarely in the late Cretaceous, the last portion of the age of dinosaurs that started about 225 million years ago and ended when an asteroid careened into the Earth some 66 million years ago, driving the massive animals extinct.
"We've really only scratched the surface as to what's there."
We don't know how these dinosaurs spread to Australia, but during this time period, Australia was connected to South America by Antarctica. Because there aren't any sauropod bones on Australia that are more than 105 million years old, the authors of the study suspect that the dinosaurs may have traveled there from South America via Antarctica during a warming period.
It's also possible that sauropods were there, but their bones didn't survive long enough to be found.
"It's been bandied about whether or not this is a bias in the fossil record," Poropat says. "But given the thousands of fossils that have come out of these sediments, to not even have a single tooth of a sauropod, or a limb bone, or anything like that seems quite strange."
In the same paper, Poropat and his colleagues also published their discovery of a skull belonging to another Australian titanosaur, Diamantinasaurus matildae. This species was discovered in 2009, but finding the first Diamantinasaurus skull is an especially big deal because it meant the scientists could use it to place Diamantinasaurus more accurately on the dinosaur family tree. Right now, Poropat and his colleagues suspect that Savannasaurus and Diamantinasaurus were probably most closely related to each other than any other species. While the researchers convinced that the two are distinct species enough to name Savannasaurus, the paleontologists will need to find more specimens to be sure.
"Anytime you put a name on a dinosaur it's a hypothesis — and it's one that's going to be tested and tested in the future, and we are hoping of course that Savannasaurus will stand the test of time," Poropat says.
"One of the most exciting things about this discovery — and others that have come from Australia in recent years — is we've really only scratched the surface as to what's there," Lamanna says. "There are entire lost worlds of dinosaurs waiting to be found in Australia."
0 Share on Pinterest 0 0 Share with your friends Submit
Every spring I look forward to picking strawberries the same way I look forward to picking apples in fall. It's like a seasonal rite of passage.
But then when the time actually comes to do the picking, typically my basket isn't even halfway full when I end up thinking about how much easier it would be to just buy the fruit pre-picked. So it goes every year, lol.
And then there's the issue of what to do with all that fruit. I'm not usually much of a jam maker unless I'm making it to give away (because neither Mike nor I really eat it much), so I inevitably end up with way to many berries (and apples, but we'll get there in a few months). I like to freeze them to extend their shelf life, and then use them to make things like fruit cobblers, strawberry sauce, and smoothies.
My Strawberries and Cream Smoothie Bowl features frozen strawberries and GO Veggie! Dairy Free Strawberry Cream Cheese; there are a couple other additions, but really those two ingredients sum up the flavor profile. The GO Veggie! cream cheese gives it a rich, silky texture while keeping it lactose, gluten, and dairy free (with more calcium than regular cream cheese!).
One of the things I love most about serving this smoothie bowl for breakfast is that it's just a little different from the norm, which makes it fun. We all know that smoothies in general are a great way to get kids to eat more fruits and veggies, but if you make the smoothie just a touch thicker and serve it in a bowl with a spoon and set out a few toppings to create a smoothie bowl bar, suddenly smoothies are a fresh and exciting breakfast idea.
How perfect would a smoothie bowl bar be for a summer vacation sleepover breakfast? I think it may just make you mom of the year, or at least the coolest mom on the street.
What would you top your Strawberry and Cream Smoothie Bowl with?
Print Strawberry and Cream Smoothie Bowl Prep time: 5 mins Total time: 5 mins Yield: 1 serving The flavors of strawberry and cream really shine in this smoothie bowl...make a smoothie just a touch thicker and serve it in a bowl with a spoon and set out a few toppings to create a smoothie bowl bar, and suddenly smoothies are a fresh and exciting breakfast idea! Ingredients Smoothie:
1½ cups (210 g) frozen strawberries
¼ cup GO Veggie! Dairy Free Strawberry Cream Cheese
½ cup + 2 tablespoons (150 ml) water (reduce to ½ cup/120 ml for a super thick smoothie bowl)
1 teaspoon honey (more or less to taste)
½ teaspoon pure vanilla extract
1 pinch sea salt
Optional Topping Ideas:
Fresh sliced strawberries, sliced bananas, blueberries
Chocolate chips
Shredded coconut Instructions Add all ingredients (except toppings) to a blender and process until smooth. Serve immediately. 3.3.3070
0 Share on Pinterest 0 0 Share with your friends Submit
Related
Disclosure: I received the GO Veggie! products that I used in this recipe for free, and I also received compensation for this post. I am happy for the opportunity to share brands that I believe in with my readers, and I hope you enjoy my recipe. As always, opinions stated are my own.
Serendipity on the sand
Updated
It was a chance encounter on Bondi Beach that would have profound repercussions in the foothills of the Himalayas.
Filmmaker Mark Gould had just directed the documentary Tibet - Blood on the Snow and was looking around for an informed test audience. Enlightened, even.
And there they were, on the sand: a group of red-robed Tibetan monks led by Tibet campaigner and fundraiser Maureen Fallon on an awareness tour of Australia, drumming up money and support for the exiled community in Dharamsala, India.
Gould had his preview crowd and very soon Ms Fallon would have an answer to a perplexing problem among the Tibetans. Why were so many of them suffering painful, often agonising stomach pain?
Chatting after the impromptu preview, Ms Fallon noticed a flyer for a recent production Gould had worked on called The Winners' Guide to the Nobel Prize, about two Perth medical scientists who had cracked a painful puzzle and won a Nobel Prize for their efforts.
"There was a little poster on my wall of Barry Marshall and Robin Warren and she said, 'Oh, what's that?' and I handed her the DVD," Gould explained.
Winner's Guide told the story of Dr Marshall and Dr Warren's stubborn journey of discovery against a powerful tide of global scientific doubt.
The pair were convinced stomach ulcers were not the product of stress or diet or high levels of stomach acid. Rather, they were the work of an insidious little character they called helicobacter pylori.
Famously Dr Marshall deliberately infected himself - drinking a solution of the bacteria to prove his point. He made himself very ill and all the more determined.
"She said to me, 'the monks frequently have this condition'," Gould said.
"She put two and two together and wondered, 'why am I treating them one at a time here? Why don't we try and treat them over there where we can treat an entire population, where we can treat the whole monastery?'"
And so a chance meeting became something much more. Serendipity.
Gould, Ms Fallon, her interpreter colleague Sonam Rigzen and a no-nonsense nurse - final-year medical student Courtney Harrington - soon found themselves in the rambling Gyuto monastery in India with a camera, some HB test kits and a firm resolve to crack the tummy problems of the local monks, an affliction they call phowa.
"Over the past 16-odd years, Maureen has always managed to help fix their problems," Mr Rigzen said.
"One of the common problems is phowa, which is literally translated as stomach, gut disorder."
Ms Harrington led the testing program which involved drinking a test solution then blowing into breath analysis tubes.
"I am trying to explain to them to drink this urea substance," she said.
"You get Sonam who is rather a joker and a bit of a larrikin saying, 'bottoms up, boys. It's the closest you are ever going to get to alcohol!'"
It's a race against time. The team have 18 days to test the monks, shuttle the kits back to Sydney for analysis and then - if their suspicions prove correct - roll out a treatment program.
"She's a dynamo, Maureen. She's an absolute dynamo," Gould declared.
"She put together a very high-profile medical team in Sydney by friends and connections."
One of them is Tom Brody, a leading gastroenterologist in Sydney who also wrote the citation for Dr Marshall and Dr Warren's Nobel application.
"We'd like to know what percentage of those monks are actually infected, what is the success of eradication therapy and ... are we really making a difference here?" he said.
"I think if you're doing a humanitarian act you want to treat those who suffer most. So not a random selection."
The test kits survive India's unpredictable courier system, reach the laboratory in Australia and soon the news is in, once Gyuto's unpredictable internet service stands up long enough to usher in the email.
The majority of the monks are confirmed with helicobacter pylori, some with staggering readings.
"A low count is three," notes Ms Fallon, reviewing the figures.
"And some of them are 57. That is pretty serious. Serious helicobacter."
"It is a hell of a helicobacter! Am I right?" jokes Sonam.
Soon serendipity strikes again. Two more Australian medical students - Nick and Vic - roll up to the monastery on motorcycles and the team has the necessary hands to administer and supervise the antibiotic treatment that will bring long overdue relief to an unlikely bunch of ulcer sufferers.
"It's been life-changing," declares Courtney Harrington.
"It shows for the first time that all my studying and late nights in the books can actually help someone somewhere and make a little bit of a difference.
"So it is my first taste of actually being able to help someone with medicine. So I love it. I am very thankful!"
And so are the monks.
-Gut Instinct airs on Foreign Correspondent, Tuesday, June 1 at 8:00pm on ABC1.
Topics: stomach-and-digestion, community-and-society, religion-and-beliefs, buddhism, health, diseases-and-disorders, doctors-and-medical-professionals, india, australia, nsw, bondi-beach-2026
First posted
Posted by Chris Brown on September 14, 2014 – 7:54 pm
On an emotional day for Bills fans, the players were every bit as fired up. Knowing football is an emotional game, Miami WR Mike Wallace felt he and his Dolphins teammates just couldn't match the intensity of the Bills Sunday.
“We have to have more intensity,” said Wallace. “We didn't have enough intensity out there. Those guys were fired up on every single play. Every single play. You heard them screaming and yelling. They were fired up and we were quiet. You're not going to win like that. I understand if trash talking is not your thing, but when those guys are fired up like that, you have to show emotion back and take it to the same level as them.”
When asked why they came out so flat, Wallace couldn't put his finger on it.
“They had a lot of intensity. We weren't close to their intensity,” he said. “That's why they won the football game. They did a good job of playing football, but their intensity was so much higher than ours that I think that's why they won the game honestly. They were riled up. Telling each other, ‘Let's go!' Talking crazy to us. Some people feed off that. Even if it was a guy not making the play, but he's fired up and he's getting his teammate fired up. I think you might've had to be on the field. It was crazy.”
Tags: Bills-Dolphins Posted in Inside the Bills
PURULIA: Had it not been for four dogs, a seven-day-old baby would not have survived. Unable to do much, they just sat around her, chased the crows away and walked around her till someone came and rescued the baby. Locals are thrilled and the four dogs have proved that the adage — a dog is man's best friend — indeed holds water.On Saturday morning, when schoolteacher Ulhas Chowdhury was crossing a thicket near his residence at Pathardi Para, he was surprised to hear a baby's cry. He takes the route because it's a short-cut to his school Manbhum Victoria Institution. He started looking inside the bushes and suddenly saw four dogs moving around something.When Chowdhury reached the spot, he saw that the four dogs were guarding a newborn girl who was wrapped in a pale pink cloth. Seeing him, they started wagging their tails, barked and sat down near the baby. Soon, Chowdhury raised an alarm in the neighbourhood.Locals soon came rushing to the spot. Chowdhury's neighbour, Parveen Sen, picked up the baby and gave her some milk. “She stopped crying after having that,” said Chowdhury. Interestingly, the dogs had followed the locals to Chowdhury's residence where the baby was initially brought before officers from the Purulia Sadar police station were informed. The cops in turn informed the 24-hour Child Helpline about the incident.The cops took custody of the newborn and took it to the Deben Mahato Sadar Hospital where doctors confirmed that the baby was seven to ten days old and weighed 2.8kilos. The baby is now admitted in the newborn special care unit at the hospital. “Though she has signs of jaundice, there is nothing to fear,” said Dr Shibshankar Mahato Chowdhury named the baby Sania because she was rescued on a Saturday (Shanivaar). Dipankar Sarkar, district co-ordinator of the Child Helpline, said once the baby is released from hospital, she will be taken to a state-run home-cum-adoption centre at Bhatbandh.“Had it not been for the dogs, we would probably have lost the baby. We are all grateful to them,” Chowdhury said.
Images via YouTube screengrab
An old 18-foot truck is about to become a valuable resource for school children learning about sustainable gardening, thanks to two entrepreneurs from New York who are converting it into a mobile greenhouse. The truck will transform into an education center and travel from school to school in Booklyn and Manhattan, teaching students about biointensive agriculture and a better way to feed the world without harming the planet's resources.
As Nick Runkle and Justin Cutter, the masterminds behind, Compass Green, explain on their Kickstarter page, "Biointensive agriculture is one of the most sustainable and well-researched systems of farming available today. Biointensive nourishes plant life in a variety of ways, starting at the pivotal intersection of sun, soil, water and air...With an ever-increasing population and an alarming decrease in farmable soil, it is important to share practical solutions to turn our situation of agricultural scarcity into one of abundance. By inspiring more local agriculture, Compass Green is the perfect vehicle to do this!"
As Webecoist notes, "The fully-functioning greenhouse will travel around to schools in Brooklyn and Manhattan, delivering fresh produce to kids who otherwise might not have access to it. The team will also deliver an educational message about the considerable health benefits to be gained from making fresh, whole foods a regular part of one's diet. Eventually, they will take their truck all around the country."
The project needed $27,000 to get started and it raised that amount on Kickstarter, thanks to many dedicated donors. Check out a video that explains more about what this really cool project is going to do:
Follow Jaymi on Twitter for more stories like this
More on Mobile Green Projects
Mobile Farm Trucks Bring the Produce to the People
Ecomobile: A Green Mobile Home In A Spiritual Trailer Park
Bus Roots: Public Bus Doubles as Mobile Green Roof
Universal basic income and social democracy
“The basic income approach is absolutely essential, but it is not part of the social democratic tradition. Think about it. The post-war consensus was all about national insurance, it was not about basic income. Now, either we are going to have a basic income that regulates this new society of ours, or we are going to have very substantial social conflicts.” — Yanis Varoufakis, The Economist, March 31st 2016
[Ed note: Eduardo Porter of the New York Times recently wrote a column entitled “A Universal Basic Income Is a Poor Tool to Fight Poverty,” based on dodgy accounting and weak rational choice reasoning. Matthew Yglesias addressed the dodgy accounting over at Vox. On Porter's argument that UBI would provide a “disincentive to work,” innumerable sociological studies have demonstrated how work can provide a fundamental source of meaning, purpose and intellectual stimulation; UBI would empower workers in the labor market so they feel less financial pressure to accept bad jobs and can thus pursue more meaningful work.
Porter also seems to think that the idea for UBI was created by Silicon Valley tech gurus and he argues that the idea is “poorly thought out.” In response, I reached out to an early and long-time champion of UBI, Belgian philosopher and political economist Philippe Van Parijs, professor at the Faculty of Economic, Social and Political Sciences of the University of Louvain. He kindly allowed me to repost this article from Social Europe. For more in-depth arguments, readers may consult the following works on basic income by Van Parijs: “A Basic Income for All,” Redesigning Distribution, Real Freedom for All, and What's Wrong with a Free Lunch. -Matt Vidal]
by Philippe van Parijs
The idea of an unconditional basic income is in fashion. From Finland to Switzerland, from San Francisco to Seoul, people talk about it as they have never done. Twice before, basic income was the object of a real public debate, albeit briefly and limited to one country at a time. In both episodes, the centre left played a central role.
The first debate took place in England in the aftermath of World War I. The Quaker and engineer Dennis Milner managed to get his “state bonus” proposal discussed at the 1920 Labour Party conference. It was rejected, but prominent members of the party kept defending it in the following years under the label “social dividend”. Among them were the Oxford economist and political theorist George Cole and the future Nobel laureate James Meade.
The second debate took place in the United States in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Another future Nobel laureate, James Tobin, advocated the introduction of a “demogrant”, along with Harvard economist and best-selling author John Kenneth Galbraith, also on the left of the Democratic Party. Persuaded by them, Senator George McGovern included the proposal in his programme during his campaign for the nomination as Democratic presidential candidate, but dropped it in the last months before the 1972 election which he lost to Richard Nixon.
The current, far longer and increasingly global debate originated in Europe in the 1980s. Interest in basic income arose more or less simultaneously in several countries and prompted the creation of a network (BIEN) that now has national branches in all continents. This time, however, the social democratic left is not exactly at the forefront, far less than the greens, for example, or than some components of the liberal right and the far left.
Common misunderstandings
What is there in basic income that can trigger the suspicion of social democrats and what is there in it that should prompt their enthusiasm? In order to answer such questions, it is important to clarify what a basic income is and what it is not.
Existing social assistance schemes can be said to be unconditional in three senses: benefits are paid in cash, they are not conditional on the prior payment of social security contributions, and they are not restricted to citizens of the country concerned. A basic income is unconditional in three additional senses. It is individual, i.e. independent of its beneficiaries' household situation. It is universal, i.e. entitlement to it is not dependent on the level of income from other sources. And it is duty-free, i.e. not restricted to those working or willing to work.
Is it not absurd to pay such a basic income to all, including the rich? It is not. The absence of an income test is not better for the rich. It is better for the poor. True, the rich do not need a basic income, just as they do not need to have the lowest layers of their incomes untaxed or taxed at low rates, as they do under current personal income tax systems. High earners will of course pay for their own basic income and for part of the basic incomes paid to others. One great advantage of an income paid automatically to all, irrespective of income, is that it reaches the poor far more effectively than a means-tested scheme, and without stigmatization. Another is that it provides them with a floor on which they can stand, because it can be combined with earnings, rather than a net in which they can easily get stuck because it is withdrawn if poor people start earning.
Is it not unacceptable to replace the right to a job by a right to an income? A basic income does nothing of the sort. On the contrary. It provides a flexible, intelligent form of job sharing. It makes it easier for people who work too much to reduce their working time or take a career break. It enables the jobless to pick up the employment thereby freed, the more easily as they can do so on a part-time basis, since their earnings are being added to their basic income. And the firm floor provided by the basic income makes for a more fluid back and forth between employment, training and family that should reduce the occurrence of burnout and early retirement, thus enabling people to spread employment over a longer portion of their lives. As social democrats rightly emphasize, access to paid work matters for reasons that do not reduce to the income this work provides. Those who advocate a basic income paid without a work condition do not need to deny this. It is even taken for granted by those among them who are confident that even a generous unconditional basic income would be sustainable: despite higher taxation and a more comfortable no-work option, they assume, people will keep working precisely because work means far more to them than just an income.
End of the welfare state?
Does the introduction of a basic income not threaten the very existence of our welfare states? On the contrary, it comes to their rescue. Needless to say, a basic income is by no means an alternative to publicly funded education and health care. Nor is it meant to provide a full substitute to earnings-related social insurance benefits funded by workers' contributions. Given that each household member will have his or her basic income, however, the levels of the cash benefits and the funding they require can be correspondingly reduced, the benefits individualized and simplified, and the depth of the traps associated with the conditions to which they are subjected will shrink. Even in the longer run, social assistance cannot be expected to disappear either. Because it is both individual and universal, sensible levels of basic income will not enable us to dispense with means-tested top ups for people in specific circumstances. Again, given the unconditional floor, traps will be reduced, the number of people dependent on these conditional benefits will shrink and the social workers' important job will be facilitated. Fitting an unconditional floor under the existing welfare state will not dismantle but strengthen our duly readjusted social insurance and social assistance schemes.
It is nonetheless true that a basic income constitutes a model of social protection fundamentally different from these two current models. Consequently, one can expect people most closely involved in the pre-existing system to feel challenged and to oppose resistance. This was the case in the early 16th century when municipal public assistance challenged the monopoly of Church-organized charity, and from the late 19th century when state-organized pension and health insurance systems challenged the position of poor relief institutions. It is not far-fetched to conjecture that the lack of enthusiasm for basic income among social democrats and in labour organizations has something to do with the important role they have been playing in initiating, developing and managing the social insurance schemes that now form the bulk of most of our welfare states.
Such resistance is perfectly understandable, indeed laudable: our social-insurance-based welfare states make a huge difference in terms of social justice and are therefore well worth defending. But this does not exempt social democrats from urgently updating their doctrine in order to better address the demands of our century: a century in which both the desirability and possibility of indefinite growth have lost for good the obviousness social democrats were banking on in the previous century, a century in which full-time life-long waged labour will only be possible and desirable for a minority, a century in which the left cannot let the right monopolize the theme of freedom.
The third model
As regards social protection, this requires making room for a third model fundamentally different both from the old social assistance model — public charity — and from the social insurance model — worker solidarity — with which social democracy has been closely associated and which it feels duty-bound to defend. In order to be able to address today's challenges, the left will need to move from “labourism” to “socialism”, as it were, by getting rid of an illusion which has been at the core of much left-wing thinking ever since Marx's theory of exploitation. It needs to recognize fully that the bulk of our real incomes is not the fruit of the efforts of today's workers (let alone of the abstinence of today's capitalists), but a gift from nature increasingly combined with capital accumulation, technological innovation and institutional improvements inherited from the past. In a “labourist” perspective, those morally entitled to this gift — whether directly in the form of wages or indirectly in the form of social benefits to which they are entitled through their work — are the present generation of workers, in proportion to the market value of their skills, the length of their working time and their bargaining power. In a truly “socialist” perspective, those entitled to this gift are all members of society equally, male and female, irrespective of the extent of their participation in well-protected full-time employment, and in paid work generally.
This more egalitarian, more emancipatory, less male-biased perspective entails a strong presumption in favour of an unconditional basic income. It is not something the left should be dreading. It is something it should enthusiastically embrace. Is there any indication that it will? Here is one. Andy Stern was until recently the president of Service Employees International Union, with close to two million members one of the largest labour unions in the United States. The title of his new book speaks for itself: Raising the Floor: How a Universal Basic Income Can Renew Our Economy and Rebuild the American Dream (New York: Public Affairs, forthcoming June 2016).
Don't know what the rating means? Check out the Rating System.
MadhousePolice, Drama, Fantasy, Seinen12A season with Madhouse is a season to look forward to.ACCA was one of the shows that caught my eye in the winter 2017 lineup because of two reasons :1. Madhouse2. A character with blue hair (they're fascinating, don't judge me)But I am glad I got a lot more out of this show that I thought I would. The Seinen tag surely had me interested. And even though I tend to dislike police dramas (because I believe that anime isn't the right medium for it), this show turned out surprisingly well. Don't get me wrong, ACCA is a 'dull' 'boring' show for all you thrill seekers. But if you're into slow paced, dialogue oriented dramas with subtle characters, this will be a treat.Here's a quick synopsis :Long ago, after a civil uprising, an independent civilian organisation called ACCA was set up to unite the 12 states under the Dowa family rule. Headed by the five Chief Officers, the purpose of the organisation is to provide autonomy to the individual states but at the same time, keep everything working together. Furthermore, to keep the peace and to keep all the individual states in check, the ACCA inspection branch regularly inspects every state. Enter Jean Otus, Deputy Chief of the inspection department at ACCA. His job is to go and audit all 12 state branches. Meanwhile, as Dowa family's monarch's 99th birthday approaches, a devious plot is unwrapping itself and Jean is smack in the middle of it.The thing that makes ACCA stand out for me is the presentation and the world-building. ACCA takes it's sweet time to give us the details of its 13 states. How every state is unique in it's scenery, it's way of operation, it's residents and how it contributes to the nation (it's produce). And all of this isn't done in one big info-dump. We follow along Jean on his audits and get a tour as he does his routine. And with every next audit, the mystery thickens and with it the balance in tone shifts towards the darker side. Of course all of this is balanced with sprinkles of light-hearted moments at regular intervals.The way ACCA manages to keep everything interesting, despite lacking in action scenes or thrilling music, is commendable. It's got just the right balance of light hearted moments and serious ones, characters that keep you wondering whether they have a hidden side to them or not, a plot that keeps the mystery up until the very end, and a kickass opening and chill classy jazz background music to top it off. Since I feel I have showering this with more praise than necessary, let me balance it with some sober words.And I will start with the characters. While the main characters - Niino and Jean, get a substantial amount of development, the supporting cast doesn't get the exposure it needs. Especially Director-General Mauve and Chief Officer Grossular. I feel that these characters needed to be fleshed out a bit more so that their involvement in the plot would have had more impact. I really wanted to know more about these characters, to be more invested in their world, but sadly, I was left wondering. And the same goes for some of the characters closely involved with the show's plot, who don't get any exposure at all. All of this can be attributed to the show's 12 episode run-time, but since this is an important aspect, it does take away from the overall enjoyment ration.Overall, I feel that ACCA is a series which could have used a bit more 'flair' in the character department. It's lack of memorable characters is a drawback, especially because the series relies so much on character interactions. But it's presentation, excellent production quality, and intriguing plot make it hard to just pass over. While not everyone's cup of tea, this is a show I recommend from Winter 2017.
Dark matter, definition and study. A-Z index of Cognitio.
Dark matter, definition and study. A-Z index of Cognitio.
In Cosmology with dark matter, it is defined as a hypothetical component of matter that is not directly observable, since, unlike the known material, does not emit electromagnetic radiation and is manifested solely through gravitational effects.
Based on various experimental observations it is assumed that dark matter constitutes the vast majority, almost 90%, of the mass present in the universe. In 1933, astronomer Fritz Zwicky was studying the motion of masses of galaxies far and wide, in particular, the cluster of Chioma and that of the Virgin.
Zwicky estimated the mass of each storage galaxy based on its luminosity and added all the galactic masses to get the total mass of the stock. He then obtained a second independent estimation of the total mass, based on the measurement of the dispersion of individual galaxy velocities in the stock; This second dynamic mass estimate was 400 times larger than galaxy-based estimation. Although experimental evidence was already in Zwicky's time, it was only in the seventies that scientists began to explore this discrepancy systematically and that the existence of dark matter began to be considered. Considering the stars at the periphery of a spiral galaxy with orbital velocities normally observed at 200 kilometers per second, if the galaxy was composed only of the visible matter these stars would abandon it in a short time, as their orbital velocities are four times bigger of the escape speed from the galaxy. Given that no galaxies are being dispersed in this way, there must be mass within them that is not taken into account when summing up the mass of all visible parts. Another possible proof of the existence of dark matter is given by the gravitational lenses. The visible mass is insufficient to create a gravitational lens, whereby massive amounts of dark matter are precipitated, resulting in a total mass capable of diverting the path of light.
In 2008, thanks to the study of several researchers, including French and Canadian coordinated by the Institute of Astrophysics in Paris, there was another important indication of the presence of dark matter. Using the Canadian-France-Hawaii Telescope (Cfht) telescope, located on Mauna Kea Mountain in Hawaii, the scholars observed thousands of images to verify the deviation that light traveled in its cosmic journey, noting that it was diverted to places where it did not masses were visible. Observations of these gravitational effects are one of the greatest evidence of the existence of dark matter. On April 3, 2013, NASA scientists reported that a trace of dark matter could have been detected by the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer on the International Space Station.
The first results of the “Space-borne Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer” show an excess of high energy positron in cosmic rays, for which one of the possible explanations is the presence of dark matter.
Dark matter, definition and study. A-Z index of Cognitio.
© ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
To open the video click on the image, good view from your Alessandro Brizzi.
Like this: Like Loading...
Beijing: China plans to build 110 nuclear power plants by 2030 with an investment of over $78 billion overtaking the US which has 100 such plants amid criticism that Beijing is yet to implement enough measures to develop safety controls in existing projects.
China will build six to eight nuclear power plants annually for the next five years and operate 110 plants by 2030 to meet the urgent need for clean energy, Beijing-based China Times quoted plan analysts as saying.
China will invest 500 billion yuan ($78.8 billion) on domestically developed nuclear power plants, the report said.
According to the China Times, the country plans to increase its electricity generation capacity to 58 gigawatts by 2020, three times the 2014 level.
More than 110 nuclear power plants will be put into operation by the end of 2030, exceeding the number of plants in the US.
China currently has 23 nuclear power generating units in operation and 27 under construction, about one-third of the world's unfinished nuclear units.
The construction resumed after the Chinese government which put the brakes on nuclear power plant approvals after the Fukushima nuclear accident in Japan in 2011 permitted their construction after a safety review.
The urgent need for clean energy to meet increasing power demand and reduce carbon dioxide emissions has led to the renewed development of nuclear projects, a nuclear safety expert at an energy cooperation firm in Beijing told Global Times.
He Zuoxiu, a theoretical physicist at the Chinese Academy of Sciences, told the same daily that China has yet to implement enough measures to develop safety control technology and facilities for nuclear power plants.
He said four countries - the US, Japan, France and the former Soviet Union - which have more than 50 nuclear power plants, suffered from nuclear accidents.
He said the government should attach greater importance to other clean energy resources such as wind and hydroelectric power, which are abundant in China, instead of building too many nuclear power plants.
Zhou Dadi, vice director of the China Energy Research Society said that China generates only about 2 per cent of its total electricity from nuclear power plants, while the average global proportion is 14 per cent, adding that China is in a great position to develop its nuclear projects.
He added that using nuclear power could also make China less dependent on imported energy such as gas and oil though safety concerns should not stunt the industry.
"Due to China's mature nuclear technology and strict safety controls, serious accidents are unlikely to happen," Zhou said.
China is also aggressively marketing its new 1100 MW nuclear technology abroad. Pakistan and Argentina have already opted for it.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Flickr today released their list of most popular cameras and brands used for photos shared on their site this year, and it's no surprise that Apple's iPhone continues to top the list. The iPhone 6 alone tops the list of most popular camera on Flickr in 2015, accounting for 5% of all photographers on the photo sharing site this year. Various models of the iPhone from 2015 and earlier still in use take 8 out of the 20 slots on the top camera list this year. In total, Apple-branded cameras made up 18.52% of ones used on the service this year.
Ranked in order of popularity by percentage, the list includes iPhone 6 at 5%, iPhone 5s at 4.9%, iPhone 5 at 4.2%, iPhone 4s at 3.5%, iPhone 4 at 2.5%, iPhone 6 Plus at 2.2%, and iPhone 5c at 1.8%. Flickr also lists the iPad (presumably all models combined) at 1.1%.
Note that the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus did not register in the top 20 list which ends with the Nikon D3100 at 1% as the latest iPhones were only available for a small portion of the year sampled. Going into 2016, the latest iPhone models feature significant camera upgrades over past models, further replacing dedicated point-and-shoot cameras for many consumers and even DSRLs for some.
Compare that to Android which saw Samsung smartphones make the list but in lower listings. The Samsung Galaxy S4 is the first Android cameraphone on the chart in 11th place at 1.5% of all photographers, followed by the S5 in 13th at 1.2% and S3 in 19th with 1.1%.
Flickr also found that iPhone users often use multiple devices to upload photos, most commonly various iPhone models followed by different Canon cameras. You can read the full study here and see the top list below.
It's supposed to be a lakeside jewel of sustainability where thousands of residents and workers won't need a car to access the city from their waterfront condos and offices. But Toronto's failure to deliver the streetcar promised along Queens Quay east of Yonge St. is a growing concern among developers and politicians who say it threatens the future success of the east lakeshore communities. Castlepoint Realty president Alfredo Romano says Waterfront Toronto's plan to boost TTC bus service while it waits to build a streetcar “is a joke.” “How can you convince the investment community to believe in your acceleration of the Port Lands when you can't even get the transit to Cherry St.,” he said. Councillor Pam McConnell (Toronto Centre-Rosedale) said developers are “apoplectic” about the lack of an East Bayfront light rail line. On Wednesday, she persuaded East York Community Council to ask the city to make waterfront transit a funding priority.
Article Continued Below
“We'll have 10,000 people down there in a few years and we'd better have a way to transport them,” she said. “We have many developers who are in the process of final planning or land acquisition and they were promised there would be rapid transit. You can't build neighbourhoods that are divorced from the transportation system.” Waterfront Toronto, the agency in charge of developing the lakefront, has hired a consultant to look at eight potential “interim” transit solutions for the next five to 15 years until there are more people living and working on the waterfront. President John Campbell said a streetcar line has turned out to be about three times more expensive than the $90 million budgeted. He's willing to spend that money now, however, if the investment lays the foundation for light rail later when the need will be greater. Dedicated bus lanes, for example, would preserve space for a streetcar right-of-way.
Campbell stressed, however, that the sustainability agenda of the new waterfront communities and their ability to attract jobs depends on transit. Toronto tends to wait until there's a demand before it adds service. “If you wait for three or four years for demand to build up, people have already established their habits and you can't get them out of the car. What we want to do is get transit in there very early so people don't buy a parking spot. On the commercial side it makes it harder to lease. There's no doubt about it. One of our objectives is to bring jobs down here,” said Campbell. A strong connection to the subway is critical when developers are trying to build communities that aren't car dependent, said Castlepoint's Romano. Waterfront Toronto should put a streetcar connection at street level at Union Station or connect it to the PATH if there's no money to tunnel another portal to Queens Quay east of Yonge St., he said.
Article Continued Below
“There's nothing terribly wrong with buses except you're creating a high density environment that calls for this kind of transit to move 4,000 to 5,000 people an hour and buses can't do that without creating havoc. At some point we have to get serious about bringing streetcars at least to Cherry St. so we fulfill the area's potential,” Romano said. “Now you've got almost all of the land between Cherry and Yonge in the hands of developers who have invested tens of millions of dollars, in some cases hundreds of millions, and (there is) no rail, no LRV.” In February, a group of 10 developers, as well as Corus Entertainment and George Brown College, which has a new waterfront campus near Lower Sherbourne, sent city council a letter saying lack of transit threatened the waterfront. But Lorie Shekter-Wolfson, George Brown's assistant vice-president, waterfront development, said this week she didn't expect light rail would be in place on Day 1. She is satisfied for now with a plan to extend TTC buses to the new campus when it opens in September. Likewise, Great Gulf senior vice-president Alan Vihant said his company is fine with buses for its Monde condo building near Sherbourne Park. “The site can be served by buses provided that the service is frequent enough to meet demand. Over time, Waterfront Toronto's East Bayfront will be a mixed use and high density development, and this amount of development justifies a dedicated LRT. In the interim, while development is ramping up, a dedicated bus-transit strategy is acceptable,” he said.
Read more about:
Pointing the way to great reading
by Brian PJ Cronin
If there were any doubts in Kate Ryan's mind that Beaconites were desperate for a book store, they were quelled two weeks ago.
Ryan, along with partners Annmarie Nye and Corey Eastwood, opened Binnacle Books last weekend in Beacon. But it was only a few days before opening, when the trio took down the tarp covering the front window, that word began to spread as to what was in the storefront previously occupied by a hair salon at 321 Main St.
“People were banging the door down,” Ryan recalls. “Or they'd just come right in. We'd all be standing here with tarps on the floor and half-built bookshelves, explaining that we're clearly not open yet. And people would say, ‘Well, hurry up!'”
Even now, an hour before opening on a sleepy Monday morning, a steady stream of would-be customers could be found interrupting Ryan's conversation to knock on the front window or even let themselves in.
“People are so excited and supportive,” said Ryan, after asking one particularly enthusiastic shopper to come back in an hour when the store was open. “The community is already giving us a lot of love. A lot of people have been coming in and telling us that this town needed a bookstore. It feels really good to have that kind of symbiosis.”
Binnacle Books — the name comes from the box on a ship that houses the compass — isn't the trio's first experience selling books. All three met in New York City and have worked in various bookstores. Eastwood, who hails from the Hudson Valley, continues to own other bookstores in New York City and Madrid. But, in a story familiar to many recent transplants to the area, the three friends felt the city was simultaneously becoming unaffordable and losing its vibrancy.
“I'm a born-and-bred New Yorker, but we were feeling increasingly alienated and pushed out by gentrification,” said Ryan. “We were looking for a space to spend time in that was less intense, and had more of a feeling of community and possibility. We like the mix of things that Beacon has. It's very urban, but it feels small. The main street feels like a community, but it's not a homogenous community. It doesn't feel isolated from the areas around it. There's interesting stuff going on here.”
Binnacle aims to be part of that “interesting stuff.” All of the store's shelves were custom built to be pushed out of the way to accommodate readings, performances, and film screenings that will be projected on the storefront window. Through these events, Ryan and her partners are hoping that Binnacle can become an important part of the thriving cultural scene that drew them to Beacon in the first place, instead of a harbinger of the kind of gentrification that pushed them out of New York City.
“We're trying to listen to what all members of the community are interested in,” she said. “We've already gotten an enthusiastic response about our foreign-language section, so we're planning some foreign-language readings. We're always thinking about what's happened down in the city, where changes have happened. When those changes work, what's making them work? I think it works when people know what they want in their community and make that happen.”
The immediate response to Binnacle Books has certainly shown that Beacon wants a bookstore in their community. Even in the age of e-readers and Amazon Prime, Binnacle's enthusiastic reception proves that independent bookstores still have a vital role to play.
“We're at a moment where people can do anything they want without leaving their house,” said Ryan. “But what we're realizing now is: We don't want that. We want physical experiences, we want social experiences. And part of what I love about bookstores is that they're such an important ‘third place,'” a term coined by urban sociologist Ray Oldenberg to describe public places where people gather outside of home or work, such as parks, cafes, houses of worship and bookstores. “Now that people are free to choose the terms of their social engagement, people are actively choosing that third place,” she said. “That's exciting.”
For now, Binnacle's stock consists of about 80 percent used books and 20 percent new books, so shoppers can simultaneously refresh their Marilynne Robinson collections while picking up the new Lucky Peach cookbook or the latest in Elena Ferrante's series of Neapolitan novels. The store is also looking to purchase used books, with an emphasis on the store's core categories of literary fiction, literary non-fiction, art books, science and nature, drama, cooking, and cultural studies. They're also filling out their black-studies section, queer-studies section and what Ryan describes as “an awesome kid's section.” While the store will accept some genre fiction, Ryan says they'll continue to be somewhat selective since the store's stock is carefully curated.
Indeed, a curious shopper scanning the impressive collection spread out on those wooden, movable shelves might wonder where all these used books came from in the first place.
“Secrets of the trade,” Ryan says with a smile. After all, every bookstore needs a place for mysteries.
The seventh planet from the sun has a phenomenon similar to our Northern Lights
Unlike its more glamorous relatives Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, Uranus gets a bit of a bum deal when it comes to planetary popularity; often the butt of jokes thanks to its slightly inelegant name.This is, in our opinion, is grossly unfair, so it's good to see Uranus getting a bit of love thanks to some powerful, naturally-occurring auroras that were spotted by the Hubble Telescope. Scientists at the Paris Observatory were able to capture a dazzling light show occurring around Uranus, a sight not dissimilar from the Northern Lights here on earth.Caused by solar winds colliding with oxygen and nitrogen gas particles in the planet's outer atmosphere, it was discovered in 2012 that these light shows actually rotate with the planet.Despite these new images, little is known about the seventh planet from the sun, aside from the fact that it's very cold, 63 times bigger than our fair planet and that its winds can travel at speeds reaching more than 500 miles per hour.We'll just wait for the inevitable Mars colony, if that's ok...
Unlike its more glamorous relatives Mars, Jupiter and Saturn, Uranus gets a bit of a bum deal when it comes to planetary popularity; often the butt of jokes thanks to its slightly inelegant name.
NASA
Advertisement
This is, in our opinion, is grossly unfair, so it's good to see Uranus getting a bit of love thanks to some powerful, naturally-occurring auroras that were spotted by the Hubble Telescope.
NASA
Scientists at the Paris Observatory were able to capture a dazzling light show occurring around Uranus, a sight not dissimilar from the Northern Lights here on earth.
Caused by solar winds colliding with oxygen and nitrogen gas particles in the planet's outer atmosphere, it was discovered in 2012 that these light shows actually rotate with the planet.
Despite these new images, little is known about the seventh planet from the sun, aside from the fact that it's very cold, 63 times bigger than our fair planet and that its winds can travel at speeds reaching more than 500 miles per hour.
We'll just wait for the inevitable Mars colony, if that's ok...
AlertMe
Where did summer go? Autumn officially arrives this Wednesday at 4:21 AM, and many of us are already looking ahead at winter. The record breaking cold and snow of January and February 2015 is still fresh in the minds of many. I can say with confidence, this winter's weather pattern drivers will be much different than last winter's. Most notably the development of a strong El Nino will play a big role in this upcoming winter. El Nino by definition is just an abnormal warming of the eastern Pacific ocean.
That in turn configures the jet stream in a way that provides more wet weather for the southern part of the United States. Weather in New England however can be more variable during El Nino seasons, and often depends on the strength of the El Nino. During most El Nino seasons the northern half of the US averages warmer than normal for the months of December, January, and February.
It's worth mentioning this winter's El Nino is forecast to be one of the strongest on record. Prior to this year, the two strongest El Ninos recorded were during the winters of 1982-83 and 1997-98. A good tool to monitor this feature called El Nino Southern Oscillation index or ENSO index..
You can clearly see the ENSO index is expected to peak this winter and then weaken during the spring. This graph shows several forecast model projections, and some models hint at a record or near record El Nino this winter.
The weather effects of El Nino are often felt most during the winter months. During the strong El Nino winters of 1982/83, Portland's average temperature was 27.8 degrees, which is 3.6 degrees warmer than normal ( average 24.2 degrees Dec.- Feb. 1941-2011). During the winter of 1997/98 Portland's average winter temperature was 29.3 degrees which is a whopping 5.1 degrees warmer than normal. Snow statistics for those years stand out as well. During the winter of 1982/83 the Portland Jetport received 42.6 inches of snow which is 8.3 inches below normal ( average 50.9 Dec.-Feb. 1882-2011). During the winter of 1997/98 the Jetport received only 24.3 inches of snow Dec. – Jan.. That's 26.6 inches below normal which is about half normal snowfall. For these reasons, the winters described above were given some weight in formulating this seasonal forecast.
Many seasonal forecast models are picking up on a trend cooler than normal over the southern half of the US. That same area is forecast to be wetter than normal as well. Northern parts of the United States including New England are forecast to be around normal or slightly warmer than normal. Snowfall is more variable though. A warmer winter does not always mean less snow. In fact that can sometimes be the opposite. This winter however is forecast to be the wettest over the southeastern part of the US, and drier farther north. I expect northern New England to receive around normal precipitation for the months of Dec., Jan., and Feb. One good seasonal model is the JAMSTEC which is locked onto this trend I just described. Here is the temperature forecast for Dec- Feb issued per month Sept, Aug, July, June.
NOAA is onto this trend as well. Here's their Dec- Feb temperature forecast issued in mid September.
Here's the JAMSTEC precipitation anomaly's and NOAA's forecast for the months of Dec, Jan, and Feb.
Based on this forecast, winter 2015-2016 will not be as harsh as the previous two winters in Northern New England. Much like last year, December will likely be the warmest (relative to normal), and then we'll get into some bouts of real winter weather in Jan. and Feb. The worst of this winter, including cold and snow, will likely be felt late in the winter here in northern New England.
I've never been one to rely much on seasonal forecasts, but they can be fun and a real challenge as a forecaster. The science of meteorology has come such a long way in just the past few decades that seasonal forecasts can be made with a certain level of confidence. My intention is to give folks a starting point of what to expect, but we'll take it one 7 day forecast at a time. Have a great fall and winter!
Wayne Brady Will Drag It Up as Next Star of Broadway's Kinky Boots
Emmy Award-winning actor Wayne Brady will succeed Tony Award winner Billy Porter as glamorous drag performer Lola in the Tony-winning Broadway hit Kinky Boots.
Brady, who has performed on Broadway in Chicago as well as Rent at the Hollywood Bowl, will join the Broadway company Nov. 21.
"I'm thrilled to join the Kinky Boots family and unleash my inner Lola," Brady said in a statement. "It's the role of a lifetime! Billy and his prodigious talent have left some pretty big red boots for me to fill. Starring in a Broadway show of this caliber has been my dream since I started performing at age 16. I'm ready to jump in with both feet!"
Porter, who created the role of Lola and has strutted in the role over 800 times, will exit the production this fall to star in the 2016 mounting of Shuffle Along starring Audra McDonald and Brian Stokes Mitchell. Porter's final performance in Kinky Boots will be Nov. 20.
I'm going to do my best to take care of Lola for you baby! You know that no one does it like you do Billy! https://t.co/uply6mw5d0 — Wayne Brady (@waynebrady) August 13, 2015
Brady won both a Primetime Emmy Award for "Whose Line Is It Anyway" and a Daytime Emmy Award as host of his own talk show, "The Wayne Brady Show." He currently hosts the CBS game show "Let's Make a Deal," which has earned him six Daytime Emmy Award nominations.
Based on the 2005 film of the same title, the Northampton, Kinky Boots has a new book by Tony winner Harvey Fierstein (Torch Song Trilogy, La Cage aux Folles, Newsies) and a score by Grammy and Tony Award-winning "Girls Just Wanna Have Fun" hit-maker and "True Colors" songwriter Cyndi Lauper.
Tony Award winner Jerry Mitchell (2004's La Cage aux Folles, Legally Blonde, Catch Me If You Can), who created the high-energy dances that sent audiences and cast members into a frenzy during Hairspray, directs and choreographs Kinky Boots, which is bedazzled with a series of show-stopping numbers by Porter and a bevy of drag performers.
Kinky Boots premiered on Broadway March 3, 2013, following an out-of-town engagement at the Bank of America Theatre in Chicago last fall. It opened to acclaim April 4 at the Al Hirschfeld Theatre.
In addition to taking Best Musical and Tony wins for Lauper (Best Score), Mitchell (Best Choreography) and Billy Porter (Best Actor), Kinky Boots also saw awards go to Stephen Oremus (Orchestrations) and John Shivers (Sound Design).
Kinky Boots is produced on Broadway by Daryl Roth and Hal Luftig, James L. Nederlander, Terry Allen Kramer, Independent Presenters Network, CJ E&M, Jayne Baron Sherman, Just for Laughs Theatricals/Judith Ann Abrams, Yasuhiro Kawana, Jane Bergère, Allan S. Gordon & Adam S. Gordon, Ken Davenport, Hunter Arnold, Lucy and Phil Suarez, Bryan Bantry, Ron Fierstein and Dorsey Regal, Jim Kierstead/Gregory Rae, BB Group/Christina Papagjika, Michael DeSantis/Patrick Baugh, Brian Smith/Tom and Connie Walsh, Warren Trepp, and Jujamcyn Theaters.
For tickets visit Telecharge.com. The Al Hirschfeld Theatre is located at 302 West 45th Street.
Check out highlights from Kinky Boots:
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption BBC London's Helen Drew spoke to Tracey Emin
Tracey Emin 'hopes' her most famous artwork, an unmade bed, will end up in a museum after it is sold at auction.
My Bed (1998), which features stained sheets, cigarette packets, discarded condoms and soiled underwear, is being sold at Christie's on Tuesday.
It is expected to fetch between £800,000 and £1.2 million.
"The best possible result is that an amazing benefactor buys it and then donates it to a museum," Emin told the BBC News website.
I have no idea where it's going to end up - or how much anyone is going to pay for it. Tracey Emin
"I have no idea where it's going to end up - or how much anyone is going to pay for it. There's never been anything like it for sale in an art auction before."
My Bed sparked public debate about the nature of contemporary art when it was shortlisted for the Turner Prize in 1999.
It gives a snapshot of Emin's life when she was depressed after the breakdown of a relationship.
The controversial piece is being sold by art collector Charles Saatchi, who bought it for £150,000 in 2000.
Speaking at Christie's in London on Friday, Emin admitted that seeing the artwork again gave her "flashbacks" to 16 years ago.
"I can't really come to the reality of the situation that it's moved and gone so far. Now to see it in Christie's is a really surreal experience."
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption My Bed (1998) gives a snapshot of a traumatic relationship break-up
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The work includes empty vodka bottles, cigarette packets, discarded condoms and soiled underwear
"When I made the bed today I actually had to get in and pull the duvet over me and then push it back to make it feel and look real. Even the smell is all still there for me. It's very evocative."
She added: "Even though Charles has had this bed for so long, it's now going on a different journey. Let's hope it goes to a really nice place - it's helped me a lot."
Emin, who grew up in the seaside town of Margate, said the artwork had provoked different reactions around the world.
"In Japan they were shocked by my dirty slippers but they stole some bloody knickers and some condoms," she said.
"In America it was like: 'Yeah, we've seen feminist art before, we've done it already'. No fuss - they just treated it like a regular artwork.
"In the UK, it exploded with the Turner Prize. It just went crazy."
Emin said she still thought of the work as "iconic".
"There was nothing in the world of art that has ever looked like this, that has ever been like this, it's seminal. It changed people's perceptions of what art is, and what art can be. That's why it's still really special to me.
"I would show this at my next exhibition. I still love it, I still stand by it - and I made it 16 years ago."
My Bed is being sold as part of Christie's Post-War and Contemporary Art sale on 1 July which includes works by Francis Bacon, Peter Doig, Andy Warhol and Jackson Pollock.
THIS SUBTERRANEAN network of terror tunnels built by Hamas over 10 years to gain access into Israel was supposedly destroyed by the Israeli Defence Force in the 2014 conflict.
Since then, Palestinian fighters have been busy scraping and chipping away underground, reconstructing blown up passages and forming new ones, allegedly lined with concrete stolen from stocks shipped in to reinforce Israeli houses damaged in the fighting.
The tunnels, running at depths of between 30 and 40m and reaching dozens of metres into Israel from the Gaza Strip, are being constructed at a rate of almost 10km a month.
So much progress has been made that Israeli officials suspect the original 32 tunnels demolished during Operation Protective Edge have been completely rebuilt thanks to the “day and night toiling of Hamas terrorists".
News that the IDF's mission, which had been carried out with much fanfare, had failed came dramatically in February this year when seven Hamas soldiers were buried alive after a tunnel they were digging collapsed around them.
Afterwards, residents of Moshav Pri Gan, an Israeli town near Gaza, complained that the “underground digging” had come so close to their homes they “felt the floors shake”.
The revelation has shocked the government into approving construction of a US$530m (AUD $700m) barrier to be built along the length of the 60km border between Israel and the Gaza Strip to protect Israeli towns from cross-border attacks.
According to the Times of Israel, the border wall will be the “largest project in Israeli military history”.
Israel Defense Forces Chief of Staff Gadi Eisenkot Members of the Islamic Jihad's armed wing, the Al-Quds Brigade, are using the reconstructed network to transport rockets and mortars in preparation for the next showdown with Israel.
He claimed Hamas has vowed to launch strikes on Israel if it goes ahead with the underground barrier.
Ismail Radwan in June told a Hamas-affiliated news site in June the project indicated Israel's “failure to face the tunnels.” He stressed that the wall would “not limit the resistance's ability to defend our people.”
The tunnels have traditionally served as command centres, infiltration points, weapons stores, rocket-launcher hiding sites as well as hiding places during conflict.
As the IDF map shows, the tunnels dug into Israel were created in parallel pairs, with multiple shafts to the surface for multiple entry points. The underground network allowed fighters to move unseen between homes and alleyways within Gaza.
“Israel has sought to find a technological or physical answer to the cross-border tunnels for over a decade,” the Times of Israel wrote in an editorial this week.
“Israeli security thought it had adequate intelligence about Gaza. It was in for a surprise. It was not just the labyrinth of tunnels discovered, much more extensive than expected, but the stockpiles: thousands of weapons, Russian antitank missiles, explosive devices, and large amounts of tranquillisers, handcuffs, syringes, ropes. The tools of capture on a large scale.
Some of the tunnels are very deep, big enough to hold vehicles.”
According to the paper, the tunnels were dug with electric jackhammers some 20m below the surface, and reinforced with concrete made on site in workshops adjacent to the tunnels.
“What's going on here?” asked journalist Stephen M Flatow in a Jewish News Service article titled “The terror tunnels are back, but the world is silent".
“We thought the Hamas terror tunnels were a thing of the past. They were supposed to have been destroyed in the 2014 Gaza war.”
Flatow claimed the Obama administration reneged on its promise to ensure cement entering Gaza would be used to repair war-damaged homes.
“Thanks to former State Department official Dennis Ross, we now know what happened to all those US promise,” he writes.
“'I argued with Israeli leaders and security officials, telling them they needed to allow more construction materials, including cement, into Gaza so that housing, schools, and basic infrastructure could be built,' Ross disclosed. “They countered that Hamas would misuse it, and they were right'.”
Broward County, Florida, home of the now infamous "hanging chad" fiasco during the 2000 showdown between George Bush and Al Gore, may be on the verge of yet another controversial election cycle. Historically a democrat stronghold, Broward County always comes under extra scrutiny during presidential elections as it can single-highhandedly swing the entire state of Florida in one direction or another.
Per a new report from NewsMax, the 2016 election cycle may be among the most controversial yet as a temporary worker for the Broward County Supervisor of Elections office has been fired after reporting what she thought to be "election fraud." In a sworn affidavit presented to the Florida State Attorney General, this temporary worker claims that she witnessed "four Supervisors of Elections employees sitting at the same table actively filling out election ballots." Further, according to the affidavit, each of the four workers "had a stack of blank ballots to the right of them … and a stack of completed ballots to their left."
A temporary worker for the Broward County Supervisor of Elections Office in Florida has alleged in a sworn affidavit obtained by Newsmax that she was fired this week after witnessing possible absentee ballot fraud by office workers. Nichols is general counsel for the Broward Republican Executive Committee, which learned of the allegations on Thursday. He interviewed the former employee and reported the matter that day to the state attorney. "Our goal is to assure that all of the election rules are properly followed," he told Newsmax. "We want a fair election for everyone." According to the affidavit, the former employee alleged that on Monday about 8:30 p.m. she had been told to take a stack of absentee ballot forms to what is known as the Pitney-Bowes Room at the Supervisor of Elections (SOE) office in Lauderhill, Fla. Through the locked door's window, she saw four workers sitting at a table in the room with "stacks of documents and writing something," according to the affidavit. "I could see the four SOE employees sitting at the same table actively filling out election ballots," she said in the affidavit. Each worker "had a stack of blank ballots to the right of them … and a stack of completed ballots to their left." Every completed stack contained "perhaps a dozen" ballots, she claimed. The four workers also were "using the same black pens … that the SOE supplies to voters at polling places. "I was then told to leave the room by one of the employees at the table," she said in the affidavit. The former employee said that she did not initially report what she had seen "to anyone at the SOE because of fear of retaliation."
Of course, as usual, we're supposed to believe that there is absolutely nothing unusual about a group of poll workers, in a heavily democratic county, sitting in a back room filling out blank ballots. No, apparently this is just another attempt to "criminalize behavior that is normal," as Donna Brazile would say.
According to Brenda Snipes, the Broward County Supervisor of Elections, what this terminated employee witnessed was workers simply transcribing faxed paper ballots from the men and women of our armed forces from overseas. According to Snipes, those faxed ballots are a different size than regular ballots and thus have to be converted to the official forms in order to be counted.
In a preliminary memorandum provided to Newsmax late Friday, Assistant State Attorney Timothy Donnelly said that office personnel met with Supervisor of Elections Brenda Snipes earlier Friday at her office. Donnelly is head of the office's special prosecutions and public corruption unit. Snipes told investigators that the former employee most likely observed the four SOE workers filling out duplicates of faxed originals from military personnel. Under Florida law, Snipes said that "true duplicate" copies of physically damaged vote-by-mail ballots can be made by SOE personnel. "Since the ballots are on fax paper and not the same size as the ballots that are tabulated by the machines, the statue allows a duplicate ballot to be made so that it can be tabulated by the automated machines," Donnelly wrote. "The faxed ballots are preserved and kept available for inspection." Donnelly concluded that "it appears preliminarily that [the former employee] accurately reported the conduct that she observed at the Elections Office, but that there is nothing illegal or improper about the conduct."
Of course, there is just one small issue with that explanation as the sworn testimony of the terminated employee specifically notes that the completed and blank ballots were the same size. Moreover, if this was all just a simple misunderstanding then why was the whistle blower fired?
His memorandum did not speak to the woman's alleged termination. However, after returning from lunch about 12:30 p.m. the following day, the woman alleged that she was "met by a uniformed security guard at the SOE entrance and told that I had been terminated. "I was given no explanation for this action," the former employee said. Nichols told Newsmax that while he accepted Donnelly's preliminary findings, he "absolutely" had concerns about them. "The witnesses' recollection was that all of the documents on the table were the same size," he said. "The affidavit says that all of the documents were the same size. "The explanation that they were creating duplicates from faxes, and that the faxes were on different-sized papers, does not comport with what this person saw. "What Dr. Snipes says does not seem to match what is contained in the affidavit," Nichols told Newsmax, "but, again, that's up to the State Attorney's office to figure out."
With reports like these flowing in from all over the country and the latest polls indicating extremely tight races in multiple important swing states, Tuesday night is looking to be a very interesting evening.
Sources said Calvin Esdaile, top right, shot and killed his manager, Moctar Sy, at The Home Depot on West 23rd Street. View Full Caption Instagram/@maddiemischief / Facebook
CHELSEA — Two people were dead after an employee shot his manager inside the Home Depot on West 23rd Street Sunday afternoon, then turned the gun on himself, sources said.
The gunfire broke out at about 2:45 p.m. at the store at 40 W. 23rd St., near Sixth Avenue, officials said. Eyewitnesses on social media reported crowds of people running from the store.
Sources said the shooter was employee Calvin Esdaile, 31. He walked into the Home Depot and shot his 38-year-old supervisor, Moctar Sy, a manager, in the abdomen and upper left chest before shooting himself in the mouth, according to sources and police.
Esdaile was found dead in Aisle 12, and Sy was rushed to Bellevue Hospital in critical condition, but died at 3:30 p.m., police said.
A .38-caliber revolver was found on the floor in Aisle 12, according to police.
Esdaile was not scheduled to work today, sources said.
Esdaile's motive is not yet known, sources said, and there was no visible dispute between the men prior to the incident. Esdaile lived in Brooklyn and Sy lived in the Bronx, police said.
"We're deeply saddened by this tragedy," said Stephen Holmes, a spokesman for The Home Depot. "We are fully cooperating with the authorities on their investigation of what appears to have been an isolated incident."
The shooting sent customers and employees fleeing into the street, according to witnesses. An Instagram user posted photos taken outside the store, and described employees crying.
Outsides, the upcoming 3-track EP from John Frusciante (Red Hot Chili Peppers), is now up for pre-order via the artist's official site. The release is available on 12″ 180-gram vinyl or on a white cassette tape. Both options include a digital download. You'll also get a digital bonus track, titled “Sol,” with any pre-order.
“Outsides” consists of a 10 minute guitar solo and 2 abstract “out” pieces of music. Here I use the word out in the same sense as the term was used in free jazz. It's a modern approach to the concepts of harmony found in some late 50s/early 60s free jazz and some 20th century classical. I don't employ any aspects of rock or pop harmony, and that was basically the approach, just to make music that is not reliant on the center that, on PBX, was provided by my songwriting style. I consider this to be working along abstract lines. Making forward moving, full sounding music without resorting to any familiar musical relationships of harmony to serve as a basis has been a goal of mine for quite a while. Both songs have my style of drums and guitar solos, but nevertheless I think of them as my version of modern classical music. They started as just orchestra, but I go wherever music takes me, and I use any instrument to express my feelings, just as I use aspects of any style. For instance, on Shelf, despite the unconventional tonality of the section, I was surprised to find that a blues guitar solo worked well. Also, both songs have Acid sections.
Overseas orders can check out Frusciante's international webstore. The EP will be released on August 27th.
Tags: John Frusciante
Share. January 29 marks the spot for the show's return. January 29 marks the spot for the show's return.
The final season of Black Sails will begin January 29.
Starz not only announced the premiere date for the fourth season of the drama series, but also unveiled a poster for the show (seen below). Black Sails will end its run with 10 episodes.
As a prequel to Treasure Island, the final season of Black Sails will see the pirates fighting in the West Indies. The show stars Toby Stephens as Captain Flint, Hannah New as Eleanor Guthrie and Luke Arnold as John Silver.
For more on high seas drama series, be sure to check out IGN's Black Sails: Season 3 review. And you can also read up why it's one of nine shows to binge watch right now.
Exit Theatre Mode
Evan Campbell is a freelance writer who scripts the Daily Fix, streams games on his Twitch channel, and chats about movies and TV series on Twitter.
After Wisconsin, Demographics Suggest Rougher Terrain For Sanders, Cruz
Enlarge this image toggle caption Brennan Linsley/AP Brennan Linsley/AP
Donald Trump lost Wisconsin on Tuesday night by double digits (48 percent for Cruz, compared to 35 percent for Trump). By most accounts, it was a bad night for the business-mogul-turned-reality-show-host-turned-politician, who leads the current race for the GOP nomination.
But by another measure — demographics — maybe it wasn't that surprising.
Nate Cohn at The New York Times' Upshot makes the case that he never expected Trump to get more than 35 percent of the vote, and Trump performed exactly on the mark.
In fact, despite all the focus on Trump's provocative abortion comments, exit polls show Trump did no worse among women than men.
Campaign rhetoric and ground game may help, but maybe demographics really are destiny?
Many Wisconsin Republicans live in the highly educated, wealthy suburbs outside Milwaukee (Waukesha, Ozuakee and Washington counties), kind of akin to the Northern Virginia Rubio Republicans and a host of other suburban collar counties. Those areas were never thought to be demographically friendly Trump terrain.
For much of this campaign, Trump's trump card, so to speak, has been white, working-class voters. (The one exception to those demographic expectations was that Cruz actually outperformed Trump among non-college voters in Wisconsin, too.)
The other element at play could be regional demographics. Trump has not performed well in the Midwest. He lost Ohio and the caucuses in Kansas, Minnesota and Iowa — and barely edged out a win in Missouri.
Perhaps, Trump's brash rhetoric doesn't resonate with Midwestern manners.
One interesting takeaway that might suggest his tough talk isn't in line with some GOP voters comes from the Wisconsin exit polls, which show that despite the hard-line immigration ideas from both Cruz and Trump, about 60 percent of Republican primary voters in Wisconsin say they support a pathway to legalization for people who've come into the country illegally.
The real story isn't that Trump lost Wisconsin. It's that Cruz did better than expected. He managed to push Ohio Gov. John Kasich out of the way and coalesce the anti-Trump vote around him.
But, the next contest is on Trump's home turf — New York, and those demographics favor Trump.
What About The Democrats?
On the left, demographics are — and have been — equally predictive, if not more so.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders won Wisconsin resoundingly, beating Hillary Clinton by more than 13 points. He has won neighboring states with similarly progressive politics — Michigan and Minnesota.
And the makeup of the Wisconsin electorate was never in Clinton's favor. Eighty-three percent of Democratic voters in Wisconsin are white. Clinton performs far better in Southern states with large African-American and Latino populations.
She also has an edge in urban hubs. In fact, in the Wisconsin primary, the only county she won was Milwaukee County. Across the country, Sanders' strength has come from white voters, young voters and independents (and many of the upcoming contests are closed, meaning only Democrats can vote).
Wisconsin was no exception. Exit polls show Sanders won the white vote by about 20 points. But there is one demographic question mark from Wisconsin — women. Throughout this campaign, Clinton has relied on women as a safety net. Exit poll data suggest she's won a majority of women in state after state — even in places like Michigan, where she lost the overall vote to Sanders. In Wisconsin, though, Sanders and Clinton broke even.
So maybe demographics aren't always destiny, but they've been a pretty solid predictor in this campaign.
And if that's the case, that could mean a harder path ahead for Sanders. After what is likely to be a win for Sanders in the Wyoming caucuses Saturday, take a look at the two biggest battles:
-- New York on April 19, where more than 40 percent of residents are black, Asian or Latino.
-- Then, it's on to Pennsylvania, a state where more than a third of Democratic primary voters in 2008 were over the age of 60.
And that doesn't include New Jersey and Maryland, which also have significant nonwhite populations. So while the current momentum is with Sanders, the demographics in some important places on the road ahead seem to favor Clinton.
After a nearly 15-hour filibuster, the Senate has agreed to vote on two Democratic amendments relating to expanding background checks and keeping those on terror watch lists from buying firearms. Sen. Chris Murphy (D-CT) led the charge, stalling a spending bill for the Department of Justice yesterday afternoon to make the point that the Senate has to do something. This will not stop future mass shootings or terrorist attacks, as the Orlando killer had no criminal history making more background checks a useless exercise, and he wasn't on any terror watch list. He was placed on one of them when the FBI was looking into inflammatory remarks he made about al-Qaeda and Hezbollah. He was later removed from them.
On its face, barring people on terrorist watch lists, including the no fly, might make sense. Yet, again, these are secretive lists. They lack due process of law. And because of that, it's hard to know how you got on the list and equally hard to fight to get your name removed from it. I know, someone who is legitimately planning acts of terrorism shouldn't know he's on a government watch list, but neither should the late Sen. Ted Kennedy, The Weekly Standard's Stephen Hayes, or children. Yes, babies have been flagged on the no-fly list, which is one of many of these databases maintained by the FBI.
It's a bad, bad idea to start stripping Americans' rights based on mere suspicion—and people on these various terrorist watch lists have not been convicted of such heinous charges either. It's a gross overreach and abuse of government power. Republicans pushed for their expanded use post-9/11. Now, they're learning how it can be abused. Even pro-gun control liberals, like Mark Joseph Stern at Slate, noted that this isn't a smart policy being spearheaded by the anti-gun Left:
What Congress, or the next president, should not do, however, is forbid individuals on the FBI's terrorist watch list from purchasing firearms. The problem here is largely one of precedent: The Supreme Court has said private gun ownership is protected by the Second Amendment of the Constitution. It has also ruled that the right to bear arms is a “fundamental right” under the 14th Amendment as a component of the “liberty” protected by the due process clause […] If the government can revoke your right to access firearms simply because it has decided to place you on a secret, notoriously inaccurate list, it could presumably restrict your other rights in a similar manner. You could be forbidden from advocating for causes you believe in, or associating with like-minded activists; your right against intrusive, unreasonable searches could be suspended. And you would have no recourse: The government could simply declare that, as a name on a covert list, you are owed no due process at all. President Barack Obama does not appear to be discomfited by this possibility. Indeed, he seems to have decided that tethering gun control to the watch list is a wise use of his remaining political capital. Last week, before the Pulse massacre, he made another appeal to ban gun sales to those on the watch list, which has gained viral traction in the wake of Sunday's attack. “I got people who we know have been on ISIL websites, living here in the United States, U.S. citizens, and we're allowed to put them on the no-fly list when it comes to airlines, but because of the National Rifle Association, I cannot prohibit those people from buying a gun,” the president said. “This is somebody who is a known ISIL sympathizer. And if he wants to walk in to a gun store or a gun show right now and buy as much—as many weapons and ammo as he can, nothing's prohibiting him from doing that, even though the FBI knows who that person is.” This rhetoric may sound persuasive. But the deeper problem is that virtually anyone who wants to commit a mass shooting can easily obtain a gun designed for the battlefield. In the gun safety debate, the terror watch list is largely a distraction.
Even the LA Times editorial board, another pro-gun control outlet, said that those on no-fly lists should be able to buy firearms because to curb civil rights based on suspicion is (again) troublesome. Most importantly, reiterating the point above, the Orlando killer, Omar Mateen, wasn't even on any terror watch list at the time of his attack. Moreover, does anyone really think a list is going to stop a terrorist from obtaining firearms or any other weapon intended to inflict harm on innocent people? This isn't a gun control issue. The fact that liberals think that a terror watch list will prevent future attacks is absurd.
US Vice President Joe Biden delivers remarks at the ceremonial swearing in of Chuck Hagel, the twenty-fourth US Secretary of Defense, March 14, 2013 during ceremonies at the Pentagon. AFP Photo/Paul J. Richards (Photo credit should read PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images) Vice President Joe Biden delivers remarks at the ceremonial swearing in of Chuck Hagel, the 24th Secretary of Defense, on March 14, 2013 during ceremonies at the Pentagon. (credit: PAUL J. RICHARDS/AFP/Getty Images)
— The White House is launching an audio series to give Americans the sense they're behind the scenes with Vice President Joe Biden.
The series is called “Being Biden” and features the vice president narrating the stories behind photographs from his life in the Obama administration.
It's part of a broader White House digital strategy to engage Americans directly through social media instead of relying on the mainstream media to get their message out.
The first installment highlights a photo of Biden serving dinner rolls at a Delaware hunting club's annual charity dinner.
Biden says these sportsmen represent responsible gun owners who believe the Second Amendment right to own a weapon is about self-protection and hunting. He calls on Congress to take up the White House's proposals on gun control.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
YOU MAY ALSO ENJOY
The incoming head of America's Environmental Protection Agency, climate skeptic Scott Pruitt, said Thursday he believes that carbon dioxide is not a primary contributor to global warming.
A known fossil-fuel ally, Pruitt's appointment to head the EPA - a department he repeatedly sued as a state attorney general - was deeply contentious.
'I think that measuring with precision human activity on the climate is something very challenging to do and there's tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact, so no, I would not agree that it's a primary contributor to the global warming that we see,' Pruitt told CNBC's Squawk Box Thursday.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
At odds: New EPA boss Scott Pruitt's stance is at odds with the international scientific consensus that underpins the landmark Paris Agreement
Emissions: Scott Pruitt said that carbon dioxide emissions were not 'a primary contributor' to global warming. His words suggest he believes it climate change is not man made
This past January was the third warmest on record, a new analysis of global temperatures has revealed. The data show January was .92 degrees Celsius warmer than the average January temperature from 1951-1980
'We need to continue the debate and continue the review and the analysis,' he added.
Pruitt's stance is at odds with the international scientific consensus that underpins the landmark Paris Agreement, which saw more than 190 world leaders agree to lower emissions that lead to global warming.
President Donald Trump's team is reportedly divided over whether the United States should withdraw from the Paris climate accord, negotiated under Barack Obama.
Pruitt - whose agency is tasked with implementing US commitments to lower emissions - described the Paris accord as a 'bad deal.'
'I happen to think the Paris accord, the Paris treaty, or the Paris Agreement, if you will, should have been treated as a treaty, should have gone through Senate confirmation. That's a concern,' he told CNBC's Joe Kernen.
As attorney general for the state of Oklahoma, the 48-year-old Republican filed or joined in more than a dozen lawsuits to block key EPA rules, siding with industry executives and activists seeking to roll back various regulations on pollution, clean air and clean water.
His position jars with the positions of both NASA and the National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration, which jointly concluded in January that global warming was driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other man-made emissions.
NASA and NOAA reported in January that Earth's 2016 temperatures were the warmest ever recorded.
The planet's average surface temperature has risen about 2 degrees Fahrenheit since the late 19th century, 'a change driven largely by increased carbon dioxide and other human-made emissions into the atmosphere,' the agencies said in a joint statement.
The EPA says on its website that 'carbon dioxide is the primary greenhouse gas that is contributing to recent climate change.' The agency notes that human activities, such as the burning of fossil fuels, 'release large amounts of CO2, causing concentrations in the atmosphere to rise.'
Ben Santer, climate researcher at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, said in a statement: 'We can´t afford to reject this clear and compelling scientific evidence when we make public policy. Embracing ignorance is not an option.'
Kerry Emanuel, professor of atmospheric science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, said Thursday that 'Scott Pruitt is just plain wrong on this.'
Emanuel, co-director of the Lorenz Center at MIT, said the most authoritative compilation of scientific research has shown that increasing carbon dioxide has been the dominant source of global warming, followed by methane and other gases.
Environmental groups and Democrats seized on Pruitt's comments as evidence he is unfit for the office he holds.
Skeptic: Scott Pruitt told CNBC's Joe Kernen that the Senate should have been given a vote on the Paris accord.
RISING GLOBAL TEMPERATURES Year Temperature increase (°C relative to average temperature 1961-1990) 2016 0.77 2015 0.76 2014 0.58 2013 0.51 2012 0.47 2011 0.42 2010 0.56 2009 0.51 2008 0.39 2007 0.49 2006 0.51 2005 0.54 2004 0.45 2003 0.51 2002 0.5 2001 0.44 2000 0.29
'The arsonist is now in charge of the fire department, and he seems happy to let the climate crisis burn out of control,' said Sierra Club executive director Michael Brune.
Pruitt 'is spewing corporate polluter talking points rather than fulfilling the EPA's mission of protecting our air, our water and our communities,' Brune said, noting that EPA has a legal responsibility to address carbon pollution.
Sen. Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii, said the comments underscore that Pruitt is a 'climate denier' and insisted lawmakers will stand up to him.
'Anyone who denies over a century's worth of established science and basic facts is unqualified to be the administrator of the EPA,' Schatz said in a statement.
Pruitt previously served as Oklahoma attorney general, where he rose to prominence as a leader in coordinated efforts by Republican attorneys general to challenge former President Barack Obama's regulatory agenda. He sued or took part in legal actions against the EPA 14 times.
Pruitt said during his confirmation hearing in January that climate change is real - breaking with President Donald Trump and his own past statements.
Pruitt told Democratic senators that he disagreed with Trump's earlier claims that global warming is a hoax created by the Chinese to harm the economic competitiveness of the United States.
'I do not believe climate change is a hoax,' Pruitt said.
The Republican has previously cast doubt on the extensive body of scientific evidence showing that the planet is warming and man-made carbon emissions are to blame.
In a 2016 opinion article, Pruitt suggested that the debate over global warming 'is far from settled' and he said 'scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind.'
Uh-oh! ‘Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham's mother asked Amber Portwood to be the maid of honor in her upcoming wedding! What does this mean for this old feud?! Here are the details!
Farrah Abraham‘s, 26, mom Debra Danielsen is getting married in November and, as devoted fans know, her TV personality daughter and her aren't exactly on speaking terms at the moment and she won't be participating in the nuptials. But, according to our insider, someone well known to Teen Mom fans has been asked to be Debra's maid of honor: Amber Portwood, 27! It's hard to see this as anything but a personal dig at her daughter for Debra to ask Farrah's frenemy to play such a pivotal role in her big day! However, besides driving her daughter crazy, our source says Debra asked Amber to be in her wedding to ensure she gets the special day she's been wanting! Check out Farrah's hottest looks right here!
“Debra asked Amber to be her maid of honor at her wedding to spite Farrah who said that she didn't want to come,” a source close to the Teen Mom nation shares with HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY. “Debra only asked Amber to come because Teen Mom and MTV will be filming Amber. This is Debra's free meal ticket to a paid wedding that neither she, nor her man can afford. Their budget is so small that they plan to have the wedding at Debra's house in Nebraska. Debra is very sneaky and Amber is mischievous enough to be in the wedding of her frenemy's mother.” So shady! Farrah's rep also confirmed to HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that Amber will indeed be in the wedding!
If Farrah wanted to bury the hatchet once and for all with Amber (and her mother, for that matter), attending this wedding would be a good way to do it! “I still love her to death,” Amber told E!'s Daily Pop on Aug. 30, referring to Farrah. “She knows that… I know that for me, I'm ready to let everything go. With her, it's on her terms. I'm not really putting any effort into it or thinking about it.” After all, Farrah and Jenelle Evans, 25, at least appeared to make amends when they met up at the 2017 MTV VMAs on Aug. 27! We'll just have to wait and see!
HollywoodLifers, what do you think? Should Farrah take part in the big day? Let us know!
Canada's merchandise trade deficit with the rest of the world nearly vanished in June as exports grew dramatically, Statistics Canada reported today.
The trade deficit came in at $476 million, compared to the revised $3.4-billion deficit recorded the month before. June's trade figures were markedly better than the $2.8-billion deficit that the market had been expecting..
Exports increased 6.3 per cent to $44.6 billion in June, while imports dropped 0.6 per cent to $45.1 billion. That's the best month-over-month increase in exports since December 2006.
The falling Canadian dollar, which has lost about 10 cents against the U.S. currency since the start of the year, may finally be helping to boost Canadian companies that ship to American markets, but it's clear that the stronger U.S. economy is also playing a role. Exports to the United States surged by 7.1 per cent in June.
"While a further leg down in oil prices will continue to weigh on the oil sector in Canada, the non-energy sector is likely to continue to benefit from an improving U.S. economy and low Canadian dollar," said TD economist Diana Petramala in a morning commentary, adding that this report will likely dampen speculation that the Bank of Canada might deliver another interest rate cut later this year.
'Positive sign'
David Madani, from Capital Economics, called the trade report a "positive sign" for the economy, but said "it remains to be seen whether the export sector can lift the economy out of its oil-related slump."
Export volumes rose 4.8 per cent from May. Statistics Canada reports that this was the first increase following five consecutive monthly declines. Exports were up in nine of 11 sectors.
The Bank of Canada has been hoping for months that the lower Canadian dollar and lower energy prices would give a boost to the manufacturing sector and to exports. But that benefit has been slow to materialize.
"The 'puzzling' weakness in exports that [Bank of Canada governor Stephen] Poloz noted has reversed to some extent," said BMO senior economist Benjamin Reitzes. "Expect this to be the start of meaningfully better June data, though it's a stretch to anticipate continued gains of this size for exports in the months ahead."
The Canadian dollar jumped by more than a third of a cent to 76.26 cents US shortly after the trade numbers were released. But much of that gain had melted away by the close with the dollar ending little changed from Tuesday at 75.83 US cents. The loonie hit an 11-year low on Tuesday.
U.S. trade deficit widens
The U.S. trade deficit rose slightly in June as solid consumer spending led to more imports, while the strong U.S. dollar held back exports.
The U.S. Commerce Department said Wednesday the trade gap jumped 7 per cent to $43.8 billion in June, up from $40.9 billion in May.
Imports increased 1.2 per cent to $232.4 billion, while exports edged lower to $188.6 billion.
As noted earlier, we may not be trained "numbers people", but TCC staffers can usually hold their own on the brave frontier of math. Still, we've had a tough time wrapping our heads around the Big Three bailout bottom line, thanks largely to conflicting dollar figures floating across the interwebz and the Said/She Said nature of the whole ordeal. So we did what any sensible team with access to Microsoft Access would do: we made a bar chart.
The top half is pretty accurate, based on congressional hearings and multiple reports from venerable financial outlets. The "Looming Costs" section, however, is much more nebulous: for example, the figure at the very bottom--the $9 billion associated with tax deductible interest for new car loans--is an approximation, since that provision was struck from Obama's economic stimulus package. Rumor has it, however, that it's headed back to the floor as a bill in its own right.
There are numerous other expenses we could've included, too, since there are plenty of bailout dollars headed to sister sectors of the auto industry. If you see something important that we've left out, drop us a line or make a note in the comments below; we'll try to include it in updates.
And believe us: there will be updates.
China railway firm to build rail, port projects in Russia
A unit of China Railway Construction Corp. Ltd. (CRCC) has signed a memorandum of understanding to build rail and port projects in Russia.
The agreement was one of a series signed between China and Russia on the sidelines of a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to Moscow to mark the anniversary of the end of World War Two in Europe, Reuters reported, citing the firm's stock exchange statement on Monday.
China Civil Engineering Construction Corporation (CCECC) said it has agreed with Russian firm Tuva Energy Industrial Corporation (TEIC) to consult on and help source funds from Chinese institutions for projects including a 410-kilometer track across the central southern part of Russia from Elegest to Kuragin.
The other projects comprise a railway line connecting the Tuvan Republic, in the same area of Russia, to western China, and a port project in eastern Russia.
CECC said the firms would sign a contract for general contracting once the projects obtained financing. It did not say how much the deals were worth.
Last week, Russian Transport Minister Maxim Sokolov said the countries would invest 1 trillion roubles (US$19.7 billion) in a rail link between Moscow and the Russian city of Kazan to be completed by 2020.
Putin said the level of Chinese investment would be around 300 billion roubles.
– Contact us at [email protected]
FL/CG
U.S. Senator Lamar Alexander (R-TN) speaks during the Reuters Washington Summit in Washington November 9, 2011. (REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top aide of Republican Senator Lamar Alexander was arrested on Wednesday in connection with child pornography allegations, the U.S. Justice Department said.
"Jesse Ryan Loskarn, 35, of Washington, D.C., was arrested this afternoon by the U.S. Postal Inspection Service based on probable cause for possession and distribution of child pornography charges," said Peter Carr, a Justice Department spokesman.
Loskarn, who has since been placed on unpaid leave as the Tennessee lawmaker's chief of staff, will appear at a hearing in federal court on Thursday.
"I am stunned, surprised and disappointed by what I have learned," Alexander said, adding that his office is "fully cooperating with the investigation."
Alexander said he had been told earlier in the day by the U.S. Senate's legal counsel that law enforcement agents were searching Loskarn's house.
The senator named longtime aide David Cleary to be his new chief of staff. Cleary has worked with Alexander since 2006 and has been Republican staff director for the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee since 2012. Alexander is the senior Republican on the panel.
Alexander is seeking a third term in the Senate in next year's congressional elections. While he is facing a challenge in the Republican primary, Alexander is thought to be in position to win re-election.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey, Richard Cowan and Deborah Charles; Editing by Jim Loney and Jackie Frank)
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As I write this I am devastated and I am angry. We look out to a country deeply divided by a fractious campaign. Even though the result was close, there is no doubt that the majority of British people want us to leave.
The Brexit vision for Britain has won this vote, but it is not a vision I and thousands of Mirror readers share. Mirror readers are worried about their job, their mortgage and their family. All Farage cares about is being a tin pot Braveheart and wrapping himself in the flag.
In many ways this referendum has shown how our politics is broken. We must not allow this unity to fade away.
When other parties are divided and wounded, I will reach out.
Read more: Live Brexit fallout
My vision for Britain is open hearted, liberal, tolerant and progressive.
(Image: Getty)
Over recent weeks I have been proud to campaign with people like Chuka Umunna, Yvette Cooper and Caroline Lucas. Their progressive voices made the case, like me, for Remain. While the Eton spat took the limelight, we all did the hard graft – standing up for our shared values.
Those progressive people are typified by the young, those people voted to remain by a considerable margin, but were out voted. They were voting for their future, yet it has been taken from them.
My party is proud and pro-European. So today I am urging people to join us, flock to our flag and come to us to make the case. Together, we will make our voices heard.
The Liberal Democrats will continue to stand and fight for a better kind of Britain than the one painted by the leave campaign - tolerant, openhearted, optimistic and outward looking. If you are as angry and heartbroken as I am, you need to join us today.
Enlarge By Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY A possible ban on peanuts on airplanes is being propsed due to peanut-allergy sufferers. It's much ado about peanuts. The Transportation Department has asked the public for weeks to comment on whether the once-popular, but increasingly rare, snack for passengers should be banned or restricted on airline flights for the sake of those who suffer serious allergies. But whichever way public sentiment falls, there can be no ban on peanuts without scientific proof to back it up. The department issued a clarification last week saying that it would abide by a provision in decade-old funding legislation that says no airline can be made to stop serving peanuts until 90 days after Congress and the Transportation secretary receive a peer-reviewed study that finds "severe" allergic reactions to the tiny peanut particles that might be present on a plane. The department isn't commissioning such a study, but the public can continue to weigh in until Aug. 9, and the comments will be reviewed. A possible ban was among consumer protection rules proposed by the department earlier this month. It also proposed raising compensation for fliers who are bumped off oversold flights. Restricting peanuts was important to some peanut-allergy sufferers who choose not to fly for fear of a reaction in the middle of a flight. Jennifer Roeder of the Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis Network in Fairfax, Va., says, "The most practical solution ... would be to simply discontinue serving packaged peanut snacks on all flights." Several airlines have quit serving peanuts, including Continental, JetBlue, United, Virgin America and American. But some caution that they serve products that contain other types of nuts or are made in facilities where peanuts are handled. Delta, the world's biggest airline, is among the few carriers that continue to serve peanuts. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed TOP TRAVEL STORIES Most read Most e-mailed
Our baby is back again, and looking better than ever. Let's kick off our reunion with a BANG!
BEGIN TRANSMISSION
Hello Hubbers. Halo 5 forge has launched and a new era is upon us. To commemorate this grand occasion, Forgehub is breaking radio silence to announce a 2v2 Slayer forge map contest. There's no time to waste. Dive right in and get your hands dirty because the 2v2 Throwdown contest is ON!
GOING LOUD
Q. What maps can I forge on?
A. Your map can be forged on one of the blank canvases - Alpine, Glacier, Parallax, or Breakout Arena. It can also be forged on any of the Halo 5 disc maps, however they can ONLY be used as a blank canvas. You CANNOT use existing geometry on disc maps.
Q. Are there age requirements?
A. No. Anyone who submits a map will be eligible to claim a prize.
Q. Can I co-forge with my friend(s)?
A. Yes! We love seeing community collaboration, so co-forging is allowed. However, be aware that your map must have a primary author who will receive any contest winnings.
Q. Are remakes from (insert game here) allowed?
A. Yes, however it is extremely unlikely that a remake will win any prizes because it will automatically receive a low score in the Originality/Creativity judging category.
Anyone found to be plagiarizing maps from other forgers will be disqualified, and shall forever be shunned by the forge community (so don't do it).
SUBMISSIONS
Entries must be submitted no later than 11:59 PM on March 1st, 2016
To submit your map, simply create an account at
After posting your map, post a link to it in the
SUBMIT YOUR MAPS: HERE
. All submissions should be tailored to 2v2 Slayer gameplay, both in size and in power weapon placement. All submissions will be tested using default slayer settings, so be sure to mold your maps to your liking with that in mind. Judging will commence immediately after the submission deadline and winners will be announced as soon as judging is completed.To submit your map, simply create an account at www.ForgeHub.com , visit the "Maps" page and click on the "Submit Your Map" icon. Eligible submissions must contain at least 7 images per map. A YouTube gameplay video, or walkthroughs are heavily encouraged as well.After posting your map, post a link to it in the Throwdown Submission Thread
JUDGEMENT DAY
Eligible map submissions will be judged based on:
Game-type Support
Does the map function for the game-type as necessary? Are all required objects and systems in place to successfully play a game?
Fun-Factor
Is the map fun to play on? Is the space fun to navigate through? Do the weapons, spawns, and layout promote a positive game experience? Is the map balanced and fair for the given game-type?
Performance
Does the map suffer from any negative visual or performance issues?
Originality / Creativity
Is the map interesting and unique in both design and appearance?
JUDGE PANEL
- a Chunk
- a 3 Legged Goat
- Xzamplez
- WARHOLIC
PRIZING
Nothing heats up these cold winter days like the burning desire to take home some of these fantastic prizes!
1st Place - $500
2nd Place - $350
3rd Place - $150
4th Place - our appreciation
THE THROWDOWN
The goal of this contest is two-fold. First we want to find great maps, and then we want to play on great maps! Yes, you heard right. The winning maps chosen from this contest will be played on during an upcoming tournament (so don't tell anyone about the hidden Rocket Launcher that only you know about).
There you have it! Get out there and make us proud, Hubbers.
The 2007 Kansas Jayhawks football team (variously "Kansas", "KU", or the "Jayhawks") represented the University of Kansas in the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Looking to improve on the previous season's 6–6 overall record (3–5 in the Big 12 Conference), the team finished the 2007 season with a 12–1 overall record (7–1 in their conference). The twelve victories set a new school record. Additionally, the Jayhawks won their first eleven games before their first loss which was the most consecutive wins to start a season in school history. Additionally, the Jayhawks reached a ranking of 2 during their 11-0 start, the highest rank achieved by the team in school history. Their defeat of the Virginia Tech Hokies in the Orange Bowl was the school's first and only Orange Bowl and BCS bowl game victory. Their only loss was versus a Northern Division rival, the Missouri Tigers, in their final regular season game which resulted in a co-championship of the Northern Division,[1] but denied them a trip to the Big 12 Championship Game. For their achievements the team was awarded the Stanley Tools Breakthrough of the Year Award.[2] The Jayhawks were ranked 7th in the final AP poll and received a 1st place vote.
Mark Mangino, in his sixth season as the team's head coach, received several coaching awards. The team's new offensive coordinator was Ed Warinner (3rd year overall), and their defensive coordinators were Bill Young (6th year) and Clint Bowen (7th year). The team captains were senior running back Brandon McAnderson, senior tight end Derek Fine, senior defensive lineman James McClinton, and junior cornerback Aqib Talib. The starting quarterback position was held by sophomore Todd Reesing with sophomore Kerry Meier as a backup and wide receiver.
They played their home games on Kivisto Field at Memorial Stadium in Lawrence, Kansas.
Coaching staff [ edit ]
The team was led by Mark Mangino in his sixth season as head coach. The team's twelve wins raised his overall coaching record to 37–36 (.507) and gave him his second bowl game win. At the end of the season Mangino was named the Big 12 Coach of the Year by the Big 12 coaches and Big 12 Co-Coach of the Year by the Associated Press. Other awards received include The Home Depot Coach of the Year Award, Walter Camp Coach of the Year, Eddie Robinson Coach of the Year, Paul "Bear" Bryant Award, and the Woody Hayes National Coach of the Year.
With the departure of offensive coordinator and quarterbacks coach Nick Quartaro at the end of the prior season, Ed Warinner returned from a two-season stint as University of Illinois's run-game coordinator and offensive line coach. He brought in a new, more aggressive, faster-paced, no-huddle offense. This was Warinner's third season with the Jayhawks since he had previously coached the offensive line and served as run-game coordinator in 2003–2004.[3][4]
Bill Young (6th year) and Clint Bowen (7th year) were defensive coordinators. Tim Beck (3rd year) was the wide receivers coach and passing game coordinator.
Schedule [ edit ]
Game summaries [ edit ]
Central Michigan vs. Kansas 1 2 3 4 Total Central Michigan 0 0 0 7 7 • Kansas 14 21 10 7 52 Date: September 1, 2007
September 1, 2007 Location: Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas
Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas Game start: 6:05 pm CST
6:05 pm CST Elapsed time: 3:11
3:11 Game attendance: 46,815
46,815 Game weather: Sunny skies; 89 °F (32 °C); Wind E at 6 mph
Sunny skies; 89 °F (32 °C); Wind E at 6 mph Referees: Clete Blakeman
Central Michigan [ edit ]
For their season-opening game on September 1, the Jayhawks hosted the defending Mid-American Conference champion Central Michigan Chippewas in the teams' first meeting. Central Michigan was led by Butch Jones in his first year as a head coach. Entering the game the Jayhawks had a 5–5 record against opponents from the MAC with the most recent result being the double-overtime loss to the Toledo Rockets in the third week of the 2006 season. The Jayhawks dominated the Chippewas in a 52–7 win to extend their streak of season-opening victories to four.
Southeastern Louisiana vs. Kansas 1 2 3 4 Total SE Louisiana 0 0 0 0 0 • Kansas 9 20 19 14 62 Date: September 8, 2007
September 8, 2007 Location: Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas
Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas Game start: 6:05 pm CST
6:05 pm CST Elapsed time: 3:03
3:03 Game attendance: 43,914
43,914 Game weather: Mostly sunny skies; 84 °F (29 °C); Wind NE at 7 mph
Mostly sunny skies; 84 °F (29 °C); Wind NE at 7 mph Referees: Rick Loumiet
Southeastern Louisiana [ edit ]
On September 8, the Jayhawks hosted the Southeastern Louisiana Lions from the Southland Conference. With the Lions led by first-year head coach Mike Lucas, it was the teams' first meeting and only the second for the Jayhawks versus a Southland opponent; the first was a win at home versus the Northwestern State Demons to begin the previous season. The Jayhawks also recorded their first shutout since 2000.
Toledo vs. Kansas 1 2 3 4 Total Toledo 0 7 0 6 13 • Kansas 10 14 21 0 45 Date: September 15, 2007
September 15, 2007 Location: Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas
Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas Game start: 6:05 pm CST
6:05 pm CST Elapsed time: 3:21
3:21 Game attendance: 48,112
48,112 Game weather: Cloudy skies; 56 °F (13 °C); Wind SE at 9 mph
Cloudy skies; 56 °F (13 °C); Wind SE at 9 mph Referees: Clete Blakeman
Toledo [ edit ]
On September 15, the Jayhawks hosted the Toledo Rockets for their third game in four seasons and fourth overall. Led by head coach Tom Amstutz in his seventh season, the Mid-American Conference team had defeated the Jayhawks the previous year in Toledo in a double-overtime loss. This 45–13 win gave the Jayhawks a 3–1 record versus the Rockets and a 7–5 record versus opponents from the MAC.
Florida International vs. Kansas 1 2 3 4 Total FIU 3 0 0 0 3 • Kansas 10 10 21 14 55 Date: September 22, 2007
September 22, 2007 Location: Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas
Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas Game start: 6:05 pm CST
6:05 pm CST Elapsed time: 3:19
3:19 Game attendance: 42,134
42,134 Game weather: Sunny skies; 83 °F (28 °C); Wind ESE at 7 mph
Sunny skies; 83 °F (28 °C); Wind ESE at 7 mph Referees: Cooper Castleberry
Florida International [ edit ]
For their fourth and final non-conference game on September 22, the Jayhawks hosted the FIU Golden Panthers of the Sun Belt Conference in the teams' first meeting. FIU was led by first-year head coach Mario Cristobal.
Kansas State [ edit ]
Todd Reesing led the Jayhawks to victory in Manhattan for the first time in eighteen years. Aqib Talib sealed the game by picking off Josh Freeman's pass with less than two minutes left in the game.[5]
The Jayhawks got their first touchdown on Kansas State's home field since 1999 when Jake Sharp, apparently stopped for a short gain, burst out of a gang of tacklers and sped 20 yards to make it 7–7 with 9:11 left in the first half. Sharp had picked up 14 yards the previous play.
The victory was KU's third in the last four Governor's Cup games against KSU, and increased their all-time lead in the Sunflower Showdown to 64–36–5.
The Wildcats came into the game ranked 24th in the nation. It was the Jayhawks first win over a ranked team since 2003 when the Jayhawks defeated 23rd ranked Missouri 35–14.
Baylor [ edit ]
Lightning delayed the start of the game 2 hours. Reesing passed for 186 yards as the Jayhawks were 6–0 for the first time since 1995.[6] The Jayhawks also entered the game ranked for the first time since 1996.
Colorado [ edit ]
Texas A&M [ edit ]
Marcus Henry (#86) makes a reception against Texas A&M
This was the Jayhawks' 9th meeting with the Texas A&M Aggies. A&M entered the game leading the series 7–1, and had only lost the first meeting in Lawrence in 1974. Kansas was the only Big 12 team that A&M was undefeated against, ever since the Big 12 formed in 1996. Kansas was the first top 10 team, excluding Oklahoma and Texas, to play at Kyle Field since 2002. A&M had compiled a 6–3 record for games played against top 10 teams (other than OU and Texas) at Kyle Field.[7] In their previous meeting in 2006, A&M outscored Kansas 21–18.[8] One day prior to the game, Las Vegas casinos favored Kansas to win by three points.[9]
Kansas entered the game with a 16th-ranked rushing offense, 25th-ranked passing offense, and a 3rd-ranked scoring offense. Kansas' rushing defense ranked 4th, pass defense ranked 10th, and overall defense ranked 5th.[10] Kansas also had ranked 9th in the weekly BCS standings.[11] A&M came into the game with a 5th-ranked rushing offense, and a 111th ranked passing offense. The pass defense ranked 100th, scoring defense ranked 42nd, and overall defense ranked 73rd.[12]
In the game, KU running back Brandon McAnderson rushed for a career-high of 183 yards, and quarterback Todd Reesing completed 21 of 33 passes for 180 yards. Through the first three quarters, the Jayhawks shutout the Aggies' 5th-ranked rushing offense and held them to only 56 yards. A&M running back Jorvorskie Lane had only rushed for 24 yards the entire game. KU gained a 13–0 lead in the third quarter, after kicker Scott Webb kicked two field goals and Reesing led his team to a 54-yard touchdown drive on 6 plays. In the fourth quarter, Reesing led his team to a 43-yard touchdown drive on 4 plays.[13]
For the first time since 1909, the Jayhawks improved to an 8–0 season record. This was also the first time that KU won in Texas since 2001 (not including bowl games).[13]
Nebraska [ edit ]
The Nebraska-Kansas series is the longest uninterrupted series in college football at 102 years.[14][15] In the 2007 meeting, Kansas beat Nebraska 76–39.[14] Their 48 points in the first half was the most ever scored against Nebraska in the first half; and it came one point short of tying the record for most points scored on Nebraska in a half.[16][17] With the win, Kansas took their record to 9–0 for the first time since 1908.[18]
Fox Sports reported, "It was only the second victory for Kansas in the last 39 games against Nebraska, which appears to be coming to pieces in the fourth season of embattled coach Bill Callahan."[18]
Oklahoma State [ edit ]
The Kansas Jayhawks game against the Oklahoma State Cowboys attracted a great deal of attention. This was due to the match up between both potent offenses. The crucial match up was that between cornerback Aqib Talib and star Cowboy wideout Adarius Bowman. In the 2006 matchup between the two, Bowman had 13 catches for 300 yards.[19] However Bowman left the game with an injury after the first half. In the first half, he was held to 22 yards on 4 catches with no touchdowns. The game was broadcast to 63 percent of the nation on ABC as the top primetime college football game of the week.[20]
The Jayhawks went to 10–0 for the first time since 1899.
Iowa State vs. No. 4 Kansas 1 2 3 4 Total Iowa State 0 7 0 0 7 • Kansas 14 14 3 14 45 Date: November 17, 2007
November 17, 2007 Location: Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas
Memorial Stadium, Lawrence, Kansas Game start: 4:47 pm CST
4:47 pm CST Elapsed time: 3:23
3:23 Game attendance: 51,050
51,050 Game weather: Partly cloudy skies; 66 °F (19 °C); Wind SE at 5 mph
Partly cloudy skies; 66 °F (19 °C); Wind SE at 5 mph Referees: Tom Walker
Tom Walker TV announcers (ABC): Ron Franklin, Ed Cunningham & Jack Arute
Iowa State [ edit ]
The victory over Iowa State brought KU's record to 11–0, the first time in school history that the football team won 11 games in a season. As a result, the Jayhawks were featured on the cover of Sports Illustrated the following week.[21]
Missouri [ edit ]
On November 24 the Jayhawks met the Missouri Tigers at Arrowhead Stadium, in Kansas City, Missouri, in the final regular season game of the year. Known as the Border Showdown, this year's annual contest was the most significant in recent years as the winner would advance to the Dr Pepper Big 12 Championship Game in San Antonio, Texas, and likely claim the top spot in the BCS rankings and national polls with a win (No. 1 LSU lost 50-48 in triple overtime the previous day to Arkansas), which would be a first for both schools. The game received considerable media attention, and the ESPN College Gameday crew were at the game, the first time the Jayhawks had been featured as College GameDay's Game of the Week in football. It drew 80,537, the second-highest attendance in the 35-year history of Arrowhead Stadium.[22] The Jayhawks entered the contest with an eleven-game winning streak since losing the final game of the 2006 season against their cross-border rivals in Columbia, Missouri, by a score of 42–17. But they would leave with their second straight loss versus the Tigers and a 6–6 series record since the formation of the Big 12 Conference.
Virginia Tech [ edit ]
The Jayhawks ready to score against the Hokies in the Orange Bowl
Rankings [ edit ]
According to the Big 12 Media Preseason Poll, the Jayhawks were projected to finish fourth in the Big 12 Northern Division.[23]
Following their victory over Iowa State, the Jayhawks reached their highest ranking in school history when they were ranked second in the nation in all four major polls (Bowl Championship Series, Associated Press, USA Today and Harris Interactive). Previously, the 1968 team was ranked third by the Associated Press for three weeks.[24]
Entering November, the University of Kansas was the only school with its football team and men's basketball team both ranked in the top ten.
Rankings [ edit ]
Ranking movements
Legend: ██ Increase in ranking. ██ Decrease in ranking.
NR = Not ranked. RV = Received votes. ( ) = First place votes. Week Poll Pre 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Final AP NR RV RV RV 20 15 12 8 5 4 (1) 2 (3) 7 8 7 (1) Coaches' NR NR RV RV 20 15 10 8 5 4 (7) 2 (8) 5 8 7 Harris Not released RV RV 20 15 11 8 5 4 (8) 2 (13) 6 8 Not released BCS Not released 13 9 8 4 3 2 5 8 Not released
Statistics [ edit ]
Team [ edit ]
KU Opp Scoring 532 192 Points per Game 44.3 16.0 First Downs 307 196 Rushing 129 70 Passing 157 114 Penalty 21 12 Total Offense 5893 3819 Avg per Play 6.4 4.5 Avg per Game 491.1 318.3 Fumbles-Lost −7 −12 Penalties-Yards 48–438 77–726 Avg per Game 4.0–36.5 6.4–60.5 KU Opp Punts-Yards 46-1,699 Avg per Punt 36.9 Time of Possession/Game 30:08 29:52 3rd Down Conversions 74/170 (43.5%) 61/194 (31.4%) 4th Down Conversions 10/17 (58.8%) 11/28 (39.3%) Touchdowns Scored 69 24 Field Goals-Attempts 17–24 PAT-Attempts 63–64 Total Attendance (Games) 327,491 (7) Avg per Game 46,784 Neutral Site 80,537 (1)
References [ edit ]
Mike Strauss (ed.), 2007 University of Kansas Football Media Guide, Kansas Athletics, Inc.[1]
"If the school opens on Januar­y 26, it would be blown up with a bomb," reads the messag­e
FAISALABAD: A threatening script on the walls of a girls school in the outskirts Faisalabad has caused panic among the inhabitants of the area, including teachers and parents of the students.
The script, allegedly posted by an unidentified group, warned the Government Girls High School Chak No241-RB Chinchal Singh Wala against commencing classes from January 26, saying it will be blown up if authorities did not take heed of it.
“We received a complaint from the headmistress, saying some students informed her about the threatening script written on the school wall,” SHO Thikriwala police station Ghulam Asghar told The Express Tribune on Sunday.
Political graffiti appears on beautified Karachi walls
“The massage read: If the school opens on January 26, it would be blown up with a bomb,” Asghar, said while quoting the school's headmistress.
The police officer said the headmistress had requested the police to provide security to the school and ensure the safety of its students and the faculty.
“We have registered a case under Section 506 of the Pakistan Penal Code (PPC) against unidentified terrorists,” said the SHO.
Pro-IS graffiti reappears in Peshawar
While a special team has been constituted to trace out the accused involved in spreading terror, a police contingent has also been deployed in an around the school area.
The incident comes days after at least 21 people were killed in a terrorist attack on the Bacha Khan University in Charsadda district of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.
Read full story
Dozens of Boko Haram militants have been killed by local hunters of Maiha Government area, Adamawa State.
The hunters ambushed and killed the militants following months of violence which claimed thousands of lives in Adamawa, one of the three states that mostly bears the brunt of Boko Haram's violent insurgence.
Who is Boko Haram? Boko Haram, which fights against Western influence in Nigeria and aims to impose its version of sharia law in the country, declared an Islamic caliphate in Gwoza, along the Cameroon border, in August 2014. The group has been raiding several cities in the north of the country in a bid to take control of more land. Borno, Yobe, and Adamawa states, where the militants usually carry out their attacks, have been under a state of emergency since May 2013. Violence linked to Boko Haram's insurgency has resulted in an estimated 10,000 deaths between 2002 and 2013.
"The hunters mobilised and gave the insurgents hot chase during which many Boko Haram sect members were killed," Bello Ya'u, a resident of Maiha, told local newspaper Premium Times.
''We commend them for the gallant fight."
A local hunter said: "We had to wake up and fight the bastards that keep plaguing our societies killing innocents souls.
"People should brace up and start fighting them, we killed many of them. We are not afraid of being killed," he added.
Following the attack, some residents of Maiha now fear reprisal attacks and are moving in droves to the capital of Adamawa, Yola.
The insurgents have taken over many towns and villages in Adamawa State, including Madagali, Michika, Mubi North and South.
The news of the killing came as Boko Haram has intensified its attacks across northern and central Nigeria.
On Wednesday (12 November) a female suicide bomber killed at least 10 students after she detonated a bomb in a college in Kontagora, in Nigeria's central Niger State.
Although no one has yet claimed responsibility for the attack, it is believed that it might have been carried out by Boko Haram.
Just days before this, a suspected Boko Haram suicide bomber disguised in school uniform detonated a blast in the middle of a school assembly in the north-east Nigerian town of Potiskum, killing 48 students and wounding 79 people.
The militants earned global attention after they kidnapped some 220 girls in Chibok, Borno State, last April. Weeks after the mass abduction, reports alleged that the girls were being used by the militants to carry out suicide attacks.
In November, Boko Haram carried out another suicide bomb attack in Potiskum, supposedly targeting Shia Muslims celebrating Ashura, killing at least 32 people.
The group's fresh attacks came weeks after the Nigerian government announced it had reached a ceasefire with the terror group.
Critics cast doubts over the ceasefire, as Boko Haram's leader Abubakar Shekau did not release any official statement regarding the truce.
The White House would like you to know that the Affordable Care Act is not killing jobs – and they even have a graph to prove it.
For months now, the White House has been vexed by news reports of employers reducing workers' hourly work week to dodge the health law requirement to provide coverage to all full-time employees (a provision that the administration has since delayed until 2015).
This has been especially prevalent among restaurants, from White Castle to Red Lobster, which tend to have lower-wage workers and are less likely to offer insurance coverage right now.
The White House contends that these reports are noise: When you look at the work weeks in the restaurant industry, and a number of other sectors, the average hourly work week has inched upwards since the Affordable Care Act passed.
This isn't to say that the Affordable Care Act is causing restaurants to increase their hours; there wouldn't be much of a reason for that. Instead, this graph makes the case that we haven't seen widespread cutting of worker hours at restaurants in anticipation of the Affordable Care Act.
This chart also doesn't predict the future: It's possible that, come 2015, employers could scale back hours when the employer mandate hits. But at this point, restaurants aren't taking widespread steps in that direction.
I have ordered the products from Jiffy several times now with exceptional turn around service!! Even when I have ordered at 10pm I still receive my product from UPS by noon the very next day!! I've never had a back order, an order mix up, a problem with their garments!! All my customers love the products & they are well made & the colors are EXACTLY as pictured!! The sizing is not questionable in ANY of the variety I have purchased, & I've gotten babies, toddlers, women, & men. They fit True to Size! The ordering process & forms are SIMPLE!! No question on what you've selected, how many of what size?!! It's a fantastic visual display of the contents & setup on the order forms purchasing made simple!!! Never a hitch... Always a very smooth process! I've had several,comments on I should try other companies for their special deals! But I am happy with product & service, so in my opinion, there's no reason to shop around!! And this is the VERY FIRST product review I have EVER written, so that says ALOT right there for me! Lol. I just haven't had service this exceptional in....... FOREVER!!!!! I REALLY thought it was deserving of them! THANKS ALOT JIFFY!!!! You've made a LIFETIME CUSTOMER here!! And will be ALWAYS REFERRING TO YOU!!!!
MLSsoccer.com's Arielle Castillo takes a look at the two former Chelsea stars, Frank Lampard and Didier Drogba, squaring off for the first time in MLS.
MONTREAL -- The central storyline ahead of Sunday's MLS Eastern Conference tilt between the Montreal Impact and East-leading New York City FC remains intact: Didier Drogba, who missed Montreal's past two games because of a thigh injury, will be available to face former Chelsea teammate Frank Lampard for the first time when the teams square off north of the border (5 p.m. ET, ESPN).
Unfortunately, the one-game suspension issued to the Impact's Ignacio Piatti on Friday means that the big subplot -- the meeting between current Golden Boot leader David Villa and Piatti, whose 11 goals put him one behind Villa's 12 -- will have to wait.
While Piatti might not boast the name recognition or résumé of the living legends who will be on display at the Stade Saputo (Drogba, Lampard, Villa and NYCFC midfielder Andrea Pirlo have two World Cups and five Champions League titles between them), the 31-year-old Argentine has been as good or better than any of them this season.
"When [Piatti is] at his top level, he's a top-three player in this league," said Impact captain Patrice Bernier.
"I'm disappointed not to be able to play," Piatti, speaking through an interpreter, told ESPN on Friday. Moments before, the MLS disciplinary committee hit him with the ban for fouling Timbers fullback Alvas Powell during Wednesday's 1-1 tie in Portland. Piatti, who was issued a yellow card on the play, went on to score the equalizer for his side.
"I get a lot of fouls like that in games, and there are no red cards or suspensions after," he said.
Montreal Impact New York City FC New York City FC 1 3 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Piatti has received a lot of attention from opposing defenders since he arrived from Argentina's San Lorenzo midway through Montreal's atrocious 2014 campaign. With silky one-one-one skills and a keen nose for goal, he scored four goals in six games that season. Although he carried the Impact to the CONCACAF Champions League final in early 2015, his production fell off considerably when the focus returned to league matches.
"There was a lot of pressure on his plate before Didier [Drogba] got here at the end of the year," Bernier said. "He was the main guy."
But injuries have limited Drogba to just 10 of the Impact's 18 games this season, and Piatti has almost filled the void by himself. He has become the more important of the two. So what changed?
Comfort level, for one. Piatti, who doesn't speak English, learned French during the lone season he spent with Ligue 1 club St. Etienne when he was 21. But he hadn't spoken the language for eight years when he arrived in predominantly Francophone Montreal.
"It took me a little time to be able to express myself," he said. "It came gradually, but now I'm fluent."
He has also benefitted from playing under coach Mauro Biello, who replaced Frank Klopas shortly after Drogba signed in Aug. 2015. Biello has challenged Piatti to take on more responsibility this season; the coach has implored Piatti to shoot more, making him less predictable to foes who had begun to catch on to his dribble-first tendencies.
"We're constantly telling him: make the first [fake], then shoot," Biello said. "If he's able to bring that doubt, it's harder to defend."
Ignacio Piatti has shone this season, particularly during Didier Drogba's injury absences.
Piatti isn't the only mainstay the Impact will be without on Sunday. Belgian international and 2015 MLS Defender of the Year Laurent Ciman, who just returned from Euro 2016, injured his ankle in Portland and will be sidelined 10-14 days.
Meanwhile, New York City FC arrive in Montreal in top form. Lampard has four goals in his past five matches after injury forced him to miss the start of the season, and Patrick Vieira's side have also been road warriors, winning a league-high five matches by exploiting space that their own home field -- shoehorned into Yankee Stadium -- doesn't provide.
Still, the Impact sit just four points behind City and have played two fewer games. They feel good about where they are.
"We have a strong group, a lot of character guys and leaders," technical director Adam Braz said. "They understand that it's a long season, and it's about making sure that you pick up points and grind out results along the way."
Bernier cited the recent draws in Portland and Salt Lake City as examples.
"We tied a lot of games this year that a year ago we would have lost," he said. "I think the identity of this team is we never give up. We're in every game. We're confident. We have depth in the squad. We rotated the team the last few games and you saw we didn't cave. The belief of this team is very high."
Piatti's form has played a big part, but he recognizes that the most important games are still to come.
"I have to keep on going like this -- the season is not over," Piatti said, adding that despite growing interest from foreign clubs, he wants to stay in Montreal -- at least until his contract expires at the end of 2017.
"I feel we have what it takes to win MLS Cup this year. That's the objective."
If they achieve it, nobody will remember Piatti missing this game.
Doug McIntyre is a staff writer for ESPN The Magazine and ESPN FC. Follow him on Twitter @DougMacESPN.
So why should you need faith to believe in God?
I know that seems like a dumb-ass question. But hear me out.
Why should there be a real, enormously powerful entity in the world, an entity with a more real and more powerful effect on the world than anything else… and yet, for this entity and this entity only, in order to fully understand and believe in its existence, the most essential requirement is that we want to believe?
(A requirement charitably described as “the will to believe”? Uncharitably described as “wishful thinking”?)
Let's take a brief, grossly oversimplified tour through the history of religion. And I'll show you what I mean.
Once upon a time, you didn't need faith to believe in God. The existence of God, or the gods, was just obvious. Who else made all this stuff? Who else made lightning? Who else made the rain come, the sun rise and fall, the crops grow? The gods, of course. Stuff happens because someone makes it happen. If rain falls, then a rain god must have made it fall. I mean, duh.
From our perspective of the modern world today, thousands of years later, we can see the ways that people created gods out of their brains. We can see how human minds see intention and pattern, even where no intention and pattern exists. We can see how, given huge important events that people didn't understand and had no power over, they'd make up the idea of gods who they could influence with prayer and sacrifice, so they wouldn't feel out of control and totally freaked out. Etc. etc. (Daniel Dennett's Breaking the Spell is an excellent book on this subject.)
But none of this was conscious. Consciously, religion wasn't primarily based on faith. It was based on evidence, and analysis of the evidence. Not very good evidence, granted… but the best evidence available at the time.
But now, things are different.
Over the centuries and millennia, the role of evidence in religion has been diminishing. To put it mildly. We've gradually been building a coherent picture of why the world is the way it is… and supernatural beings are not part of it. The need for religion to explain the world — and the correspondence between the known facts about the world and our religious explanations of it — have been inexorably been shrinking.
But as the evidence for religion has been shrinking, religion itself has not dwindled. (Well, it has, but not by as much as you'd think, what with the shrinking evidence and all.) Something else has been happening instead. As the evidence for religion has been shrinking — as God's existence has become less obvious, less of a “like, duh” conclusion — the role of faith in supporting religion has been expanding to fill the gap.
Religious leaders and teachers, religious apologists, ordinary rank- and- file religious believers: all have increasingly stressed the importance of faith — of believing in God because you choose to believe, because you will yourself to believe, indeed simply because you do believe. And I'm not just talking hard-core fundies, whose religion is based on the active denial of reality. Much modern progressive theology is less about, “What reasons do we have to believe in God?” than it is about, “Why is it okay to believe in God, even though we have no compelling reason to do so?”
In fact, for many religious believers, the very fact of faith — the fact of believing in a supernatural being for which there's no real evidence — is considered not only acceptable, but positively virtuous. Faith is often considered a finer, more pure basis for belief than trying to find evidence in the crappy old real world. And it's common for religious believers to overtly advocate the rejection of evidence if it conflicts with their belief.
If you're a believer, all that stuff may seem self-evident and sensible. Of course religion is based on faith. That's what makes it religion. I mean, duh.
But if you're a non-believer — or if you step away from your belief for a moment and look at it from the perspective of an outsider — it suddenly seems very strange.
Why should this be so?
Why — to return to the question I started with — should there be a real, powerful entity in the world… for whom the single most important quality required to understand and perceive it is the desire to believe?
Why should God be like Tinker Bell?
And why should this method of “perceiving” be not only acceptable, but superior? Why should it be better to believe in something you don't have evidence for than to believe in something you do?
Somebody made a really interesting point in this blog recently, a point that cuts right to what I'm getting at. In response to my Top Ten Reasons I Don't Believe in God piece, Thorin N. Tatge said:
There's just one major reason for atheism I would have put on the list that you left out. That's just the fact that there are so many feasible motivations (as opposed to reasons) to believe in God. After all, if you're discrediting an argument or belief, it's a nice touch to try and explain why the misguided argument or belief is widespread in the first place. And it isn't hard to identify some of these motivations. Wanting an afterlife to exist is a big one. Wanting justification for thinking of one's own group as superior is another. Wanting a sense of grand understanding of the universe (but not quite being able or ready to grasp science) is one of the more noble ones. And so forth.
Thorin is right. There are ways, way too many reasons for people to want to believe in God for us to view the belief with anything other than a suspicious eye.
See, here's the thing. If you really, really want something to be true — whether you call that “the will to believe” or wishful thinking — that's when you have to be extra rigorous. That's when you have to make a special effort, not to argue yourself into your belief, but to try to argue yourself out of it.
You have to do this because it's been clearly demonstrated, in thousands of ways, that when we already believe something, or when we're strongly motivated to believe something, we amplify the importance of evidence that seems to support it, and filter out evidence that contradicts it. (A tendency that becomes more pronounced the more we've invested in the belief.)
And what could we be more strongly motivated to believe in than immortality? What could we be more strongly motivated to believe in than a perfect, blissful place of eternal life where we'll be reunited with everyone we've ever loved? What could we be more strongly motivated to believe in than the unreality of our permanent death, and of the permanent death of everyone we care about?
So.
If the strongest argument you can make for your belief is faith? The fact that you really want to believe it, or that you have a strong will to believe it, or simply that you already believe it?
That's not an argument in favor of your belief.
That's a very, very strong argument against it.
The more I think about faith, the less it looks like a genuine foundation for religious belief. The more I think about faith, the more it looks like a last resort. It's the argument you make when you've run out of arguments. It's the argument you make when you know you've been beaten, but are really attached to your point of view, and really, really, really don't want to concede.
Faith doesn't look like a foundation. It looks like an ad-hoc structure hurriedly put into place, to prop up a building whose foundation is crumbling.
Occupy Gezi: Reclaiming the Commons and the Collapse of Erdoğan's Domestic Policies
Since May 27th, the people of Turkey have staged one of the most diverse, inclusive and democratic protests that Turkey has ever seen. People from every political commitment came together and acted in solidarity against a gentrification project, which intended to transform a park into a shopping mall and hotel. More importantly, protests strongly underlined the fact that the multitudes are fed-up with the erosion of their civil liberties, lack of freedom of expression and increasing state intervention in everyday life. During the course of the protests, Prime Minister Erdoğan's authoritarian and irresponsible governmental style fueled more protests. Demonstrations spread all over the country like wild fire. Police brutality against the peaceful resistance resulted in hundreds of injuries and four deaths.
Since the neoliberal-Islamist Erdoğan government came to power in 2002, there has been a wave of privatization and appropriation of public and of natural resources. Numerous large-scale gentrification projects were implemented despite public opposition with direct police violence. For instance, one of the most renowned resistances in Turkey was staged at the city of Bergama. After a long legal battle the Turkish government was allowed to operate a gold mine that utilizes a dangerous cyanide-leeching process. Villagers organized themselves against this illegal governmental intrusion. Over the years, with the help of activists and lawyers, the people of Bergama repeatedly won the legal battle against the gold mine—the Turkish constitution protects the livelihood of the people. However, the Erdoğan government passed consecutive executive orders to essentially circumvent the juridical system. Ultimately, Koza-Ipek Holding, who had close ties to the conservative government, started to operate the mine in 2005.
In many respects, the Bergama gold mine was the one of the first major political defeats for the people who tried to defend their commons. At the time, many liberal intellectual figures (in the Turkish context these liberals are an offshoot of neo-conservatism) provided support to the government, despite the fact that there has been ongoing massive privatization. In part, some saw the Erdoğan government's struggle to grasp control of public institutions as a justified move against “the ancient regime,” which was represented by the secularist elite and Turkish republicanism known as Kemalists. At the time, the fight against the so-called “Deep State” characterized public agenda. The “Deep State” was initiated largely as a journalistic term, depicting a mafia-like organization within the state, which sought to overthrow the government. Considering the fact that Turkey has a long history of coup d'états, one, of course, can understand and support Erdoğan's move against the anti-democratic military as a legitimate act.
However, the Erdoğan government's crack down on military conspiracy transformed into a witch-hunt, and included many writers and academicians, and eventually largely lost its credibility. Most importantly, public discussions about the “Deep State” effectively neutralized fundamental questions about state power and its consequent paternalistic role in the Turkish society. In other words, the discourse about the “Deep State” was a strategic move promoting to the public the idea that there were two separate Turkish states, one being bad and represented by old regime, and the other being democratic, egalitarian and transparent, represented by Islamists.
The “Deep State” jargon played really well for Islamists as a quasi-theoretical journalistic framework, as they wanted to get rid of any opposition and access all tools and functions of violent state power. From the beginning, the democratization process was not conceived as a legitimate goal but only as an isolated stage where Erdoğan government could take control of the state apparatus. The nature of state power did not change. It just changed hands. During this time, poverty and inequality widened. Human rights violations persisted. Freedom of expression suffered, and women's participation in the public sphere dropped.
Today, thousands of intellectuals, students and activists are in prison, and the majority of them are Kurds, characterizing a poor human rights record. There is tight government control over the media, judicial system and all the other ostensibly independent government institutions. Moreover, as I mentioned in my previous post, over the years, as he increased his popular votes, Erdoğan became increasingly authoritarian with low tolerance for his critics. In many instances, he gave orders to independent attorneys and judges, and called on media bosses to fire their columnists. He also blocked criminal investigations of state crimes. As a result, checks and balances do not exist.
During the last ten years, there has been a lack of a salient opposition, in part because of the old binary modes of thinking, but mostly because of Erdoğan's control over the Turkish media and their so-called liberal writers whose primary job has been to constantly attack the left. In this regard, one should understand the Occupy Gezi movement as the rejection of current politico-organizational models and parties, as none of them truly represent the vibrancy and diversity of the youth on the streets at the moment.
During the Occupy Gezi protests, independents commonly stand side-by-side with the nationalists, anticapitalist-Islamists, gays and lesbians, Kurds and people from across the political spectrum. Gezi Park was a site where the possibility of co-existence was proven as a viable model for Turkish society. The common demands for freedom of expression and civil liberties, as well as frustration with the Erdoğan government's authoritarianism, united the people of Turkey. Protesters raised their voices against neoliberal transformation, and reclaimed their commons.
One thing is clear now. Over the course of three weeks, Erdoğan proved that he is far from acknowledging what is happening in Turkey, and what the demands are. He is, in fact, delusional and often ill informed about the Turkish society's demands. Instead of an open dialogue, he chose to repress the revolt, polarize the country, relying on the old binary opposition game that he use to play with the republican secularists. This is perhaps his biggest mistake to date; he does not understand the diversity of protesters and their demands.
There have been clear messages from the streets. Protesters do not want aggressive politics based on nationalist identities, religion or gender. They are ready to form coalitions, talk to each other, and most importantly, they are ready to share their stage with other opposing views. Occupy Gezi was a festival, an inclusive democratic event where participation brought life to a new form of democracy. It was a truly an agonistic public sphere organized from the ground up. If we are smart enough, there were many valuable lessons for the progressive left and the social democrats. It is a hopeful moment. From Istanbul to New York, from Athens to Brazil, crowds are gathering for similar demands, to reclaim their commons, for freedom and for democracy. No matter what the immediate outcome is, a new form of solidarity has been born.
In this blog we explore the sorting performance of Spark/Crail on a 100Gbit/s RDMA cluster. Sorting large data sets efficiently on a cluster is particularly interesting from a network perspective as most of the input data will have to cross the network at least once. Hence, a sorting workload should be an ideal candidate to be accelerated by a fast network. The following table summarizes the results of this blog and provides a comparison with other sorting benchmarks. In essence, Spark/Crail is sorting 12.8 TB of data in 98 seconds, which calculates to a sorting rate of 3.13 GB/min/core. This is about a factor of 5 faster than the sorting performance of the Spark 2014 benchmark winner, and only about 28% slower than the 2016 winner of the sorting benchmark -- a sorting benchmark running native code optimized specifically for sorting.
Spark/Crail Spark/Vanilla Spark/Winner2014 Tencent/Winner2016 Data Size 12.8 TB 12.8 TB 100 TB 100 TB Elapsed Time 98 s 527 s 1406 s 98.8 s Cores 2560 2560 6592 10240 Nodes 128 128 206 512 Network 100 Gbit/s 100 Gbit/s 10 Gbit/s 100 Gbit/s Sorting rate 7.8 TB/min 1.4 TB/min 4.27 TB/min 44.78 TB/min Sorting rate/core 3.13 GB/min 0.58 GB/min 0.66 GB/min 4.4 GB/min
Hardware Configuration
The specific cluster configuration used for the experiments in this blog:
Cluster 128 node OpenPower cluster
Node configuration CPU: 2x OpenPOWER Power8 10-core @2.9Ghz DRAM: 512GB DDR4 Storage: 4x Huawei ES3600P V3 1.2TB NVMe SSD Network: 100Gbit/s Ethernet Mellanox ConnectX-4 EN (RoCE)
Software Ubuntu 16.04 with Linux kernel version 4.4.0-31 Spark 2.0.0 Crail 1.0 (Crail only used during shuffle, input/output is on HDFS)
Anatomy Spark Sorting
A Spark sorting job consists of two phases. The first phase is a mapping or classification phase - where individual workers read their part of the key-value (KV) input data and classify the KV pairs based on their keys. This phase involves only very little networking as most of the workers run locally on the nodes that host the HDFS data blocks. During the second so called reduce phase, each worker collects all KV pairs for a particular key range from all the workers, de-serializes the data and sorts the resulting objects. This pipeline runs on all cores in multiple waves of tasks on all to compute nodes in the cluster. Naturally, the performance of such a pipeline depends upon both the network and the CPU performance, which together should dictate the overall job run time.
Using Vanilla Spark
The first question we are interested in is to what extent such a sorting benchmark can drive the 100Gbit/s network fabric. Making good use of the network is important since a reduced task needs to first fetch all the relevant data from the network before it can start sorting the data. Unfortunately, it turns out that when running vanilla Spark on the cluster, the network usage stays at only 5-10%.
The poor network usage matches with the general observation we made in our previous HotCloud'16 publication where we show that a faster network does not necessarily lead to a better runtime. The problem can be understood by looking at a single reduce task in the sorting benchmark. While the actual time for fetching all the data over the network decreases with increasing network bandwidth, the time a reduced task spends on funneling the data through the stack, deserializing and sorting it outweighs the transmission time by far. The figure below shows percentage wise for different network technologies, how much time a reduced task spends on waiting for data versus executing CPU instructions (a more detailed breakdown of the time can be found in the paper). Clearly, in such a situation, a higher network bandwidth will only improve the increasinlgy small red part and, and thus, will not result in a substantial runtime reduction.
Consequently, to improve the runtime of the sorting benchmark and to make good use of the 100Gbit/s network, the number of CPU instructions executed per byte transferred need to be reduced massively. In the following, we show how we use the Crail shuffle engine to cut down the software overheads related to networking, deserialization and sorting and thereby empower to reduce tasks in the sorting benchmark to consume data at a speed that is very close to the network limit (~70Gbit/s all-to-all).
Using the Crail Shuffler
An overview of the Crail shuffler is provided in the documentation section. The main difference between the Crail shuffler and the Spark built-in shuffler lies in the way data from the network is processed in a reduced task. The Spark shuffler is based on TCP sockets, thus, many CPU instructions are necessary to bring the data from the networking interface to the buffer inside Spark. In contrast, the Crail shuffler shares shuffle data through the Crail file system, and therefore data is transferred directly via DMA from the network interface to the Spark shuffle buffer within the JVM.
During the map phase, the Crail shuffler organizes each key range in a set of Crail files, one file per Spark core per key range. Reading the shuffle data from the Crail file system in to reduce phase not only eliminates data copies and avoids system calls, it also makes sure the different segments (files) are placed at the right offset within the reduce buffer to create one contiguous memory area that can immediately be used for deserialization and sorting. As illustrated in the documentation section, the Crail shuffler allows applications to use their own custom serializer and sorter. The recommended serializer for Spark is Kryo, which is a generic serializer. Being generic, however, comes at a cost. Specifically, Kryo requires more type information to be stored along with the serialized data than a custom serializer would need, and also the parsing is more complex for a generic serializer. On top of this, Kryo also comes with its own buffering, introducing additional memory copies. In our benchmark, we use a custom serializer that takes advantage of the fact that the data consists of fixed size key/value pairs. The custom serializer further avoids extra buffering and directly interfaces with Crail file system streams when reading and writing data. As with serialization, the Spark built-in sorter is a general purpose TimSort that can sort arbitrary collections of comparable objects. In our benchmark, we instruct the Crail shuffler to use a Radix sorter instead. The Radix sorter cannot be applied to arbitrary objects but works well for keys of a fixed byte length. The standard pipeline of a reduced task is to first deserialize the data and then sort it. In the particular configuration of the Crail shuffler, we turn these two steps around and first sort the data and deserialize it later. This is possible because the data is read into a contiguous off-heap buffer that can be sorted almost in-place.
Spark/Crail Sorting Performance
The figure below shows the overall performance of Spark/Crail vs Spark/Vanilla on a 12.8 TB data set. With a cluster size of 128 nodes, each node gets to sort 100GB of data - if the data distribution is uniform. As can be seen, using the Crail shuffler, the total job runtime is reduced by a factor of 6. Most of the gains come from the reduce side, which is where the networking takes place. However, the map phase is also faster which comes from the more efficient serialization but also from a faster I/O. The built-in Spark shuffler dumps data into files absorbed by the buffer cache (no disk writes took place during shuffle), which requires file system calls and data copies. The Crail shuffler instead uses memory mapped I/O to write local Crail files, avoiding both data copies, system calls and kernel context switches.
One key question of interest is about the network usage of the Crail shuffler during the sorting benchmark. In the figure below, we show the data rate at which the different reduce tasks fetch data from the network. Each point in the figure corresponds to one reduce task. In our configuration, we run 3 Spark executors per node and 5 Spark cores per executor. Thus, 1920 reduce tasks are running concurrently (out of 6400 reduce tasks in total) generating a cluster-wide all-to-all traffic of about 70Gbit/s per node during that phase.
In this blog post, we have shown that Crail successfully manages to translate the raw network performance into actual workload level gains. The exercise with TeraSort as an application validates the design decisions we made in Crail. Stay tuned for more results with different workloads and hardware configurations.
How to run Sorting with Spark/Crail
All the components required to run the sorting benchmark using Spark/Crail are open source. Here is some guidance how to run the benchmark:
Build and deploy Crail using the instructions at documentation
Enable the Crail shuffler for Spark by building Spark-IO using the instructions at documentation
Configure the DRAM storage tier of Crail so that all the shuffle data fits into the DRAM tier.
Build the sorting benchmark using the instructions on GitHub
Make sure you have the custom serializer and sorter specified in spark-defaults.conf
Run Hadoop TeraGen to produce a valid data set. We used standard HDFS for both input and output data.
Run the Crail-TeraSort on your Spark cluster. The command line we have used on the 128 node cluster is the following:
./bin/spark-submit -v --num-executors 384 --executor-cores 5 --executor-memory 64G --driver-memory 64G --master yarn --class com.ibm.crail.terasort.TeraSort path/to/crail-terasort-2.0.jar -i /terasort-input-1280g -o /terasort-output-1280g
Have questions or comments? Feel free to discuss at the dev mailing list at dev@crail.incubator.apache.org
We are Tuatha Dea! For those of you who don't know the story, we are first and foremost a family, a tribe. A group of people united by blood, marriage and friendship who would be together in some dysfunctional fashion whether the band existed or not. It all started with drums... Rhythm, the universal catalyst for unification. We tripped across it in 2009 when we started playing together for fun and our local community. When we began creating music we had no idea where it would take us. We have been blessed and fortunate that the eclectic blend of cultures and perspectives within our own clan have been so well received and reflected within the greater universal community. As a result, the past two and a half years has been amazing and we thank you all for integrating our ever evolving troop of minstrels into a constantly expanding human tribe.
Wendy Rule, Murphey's Midnight Rounders, Celia, Our amazing journey has allowed us the incredible opportunity of meeting and playing with some of the most awesome people and musicians in the world. We have decided to embrace that gift and our current project and goal is the creation of a collaborative CD that includes the talents of some of the wonderful groups and folks we have been honored and privileged to work with. This musical effort includes the talents and energy of Spiral Rhythm Damh the Bard and others. We are writing and creating each song with commitments from members of these wonderful groups to produce a musical experience that will hopefully reflect our ideal of community through unity and further express our infinite gratitude to our worldwide tribal family for allowing us a space and place in your hearts.
Greetings to the Universe!
We need your help to make this happen. The process of creating a CD is an expensive venture. While the process has begun, we humbly call upon our friends, fans and family within our human tribe to help us complete the project and make it a reality. The goal is to raise $6,000.00 in 45 days and to have the project completed by May of 2013. The groups and individuals we have listed are on board and are offering their time and energy to the project. We are committed to making it happen. We need your help, whether it be a small donation or large to insure that this CD "The Tribe" is completed. We do not expect something for nothing. The tribal community should benefit all and so we have opted to use The Kickstarter program which means your contributions are rewarded with everything we as simple musicians have to offer from mp3 downloads to physical CD's to African Drums. Please see the contribution list provided by Kickstarter for the details. WE CAN NOT COMPLETE THIS EFFORT WITHOUT YOU. Kickstarter is an "all or nothing" effort. We must reach the goal within the allotted time to receive the financial support. PLEASE help us make this a reality. To you all, our eternal thanks for letting us be a part of your Tribe. Peace, Love and Rhythm.
Yours in service and gratitude
Tuatha Dea
On the opening night of the Metropolitan Opera's revelatory new production of Borodin's “Prince Igor” in February, you might have expected some of the backstage bitterness over the labor talks then looming to seep into the performance.
But there was not a trace of the animosity roiling the Met during that arresting evening of opera. The impressive Met choristers sang Borodin's music with visceral intensity; the great Met Orchestra, under the inspired conducting of Gianandrea Noseda, played the score as if born to the Russian opera idiom; the backstage crew worked its typical miracles with this mesmerizing production. On that night, the Met seemed the most cohesive and artistically purposeful opera company in the world.
Who could have imagined that when the labor talks got underway this summer, one small scenic element of this alluring “Prince Igor” — the magical poppy field that covered the stage during the Polovtsian scene — would be seized upon to the point of absurdity by union members as evidence that the money woes of the Met came not from unsustainable labor costs, but from the general manager Peter Gelb's spendthrift ways in mounting lavish new productions? That those in-house satin poppies cost $169,000 was decried. Did they have to be satin? How about pre-made plastic ones?
As I write this, Mr. Gelb's threatened work shutout, a potentially disastrous move, has been put off while a financial consultant studies the books to see if things are as dire as Mr. Gelb maintains. A mediator is at work, and the company seems to have calmed down for the moment. But just for the moment.
Rahul Gandhi is the vice president of India's opposition Congress Party and heir to the Nehru-Gandhi political dynasty. Both his grandmother, Indira Gandhi, and his father, Rajiv Gandhi, were prime ministers. He is the great-grandson of India's first prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru.
During his recent visit to the United States, Gandhi sat down for a conversation with Nicolas Berggruen, chairman of the Berggruen Institute and publisher of The WorldPost. They discussed India's challenges of internal migration, Hindu nationalist politics and the rising power of China in Asia.
India is the largest democracy in the world, and democracies across the world ― including the United States ― are facing many challenges, notably the divisive forces of nationalism and populism. How is India faring?
The central difference between the United States and India's system is that India is composed of 29 states with completely different cultures and languages. In that sense, our diversity is more like Europe's. If you look at states like Tamil Nadu [in the south] and Mizoram [in the northeast], the differences between them are greater than between any two countries in Europe.
'Economic insecurity about finding work and anxieties over identity are being aggressively exploited by India's right-wing.'
The other thing to understand about India is that, like China, it is undergoing the greatest migration in human history from rural areas to megacities. In the Chinese system, that mass movement is controlled. In India, people from all our different cultures, languages and religions are able to move freely to any city in the country to look for jobs. If they don't find work in one city, they simply move on to another one.
So, if you are thinking about development and identity, you can't think about it in the old way. The challenge now is how to create jobs for people in the cities and support agriculture in the rural areas. We've gone from a static idea of development to a dynamic one. We have to protect and support our people as they move from the village to the city and back. Ideas like our universal ID guaranteed work scheme and Right to Information Act are designed for this new environment.
All the stresses of modernity and migration affect the present tone of politics in India. Economic insecurity about finding work and anxieties over identity are being aggressively exploited by the right-wing. They spread fake news, promote ethnic rifts and foment polarization in order to gain power across states. They divide communities using hatred and turn them against each other to come to power.
Access to communications, including social media, has many wonderful aspects. But when the editors, so to speak, lose control and people spread false or hateful information by sharing it directly with their peers, it can be highly damaging, as you suggest. Whoever speaks loudest or has the most viral message wins out. That makes democracy harder. How does this play out in India?
We are seeing the same impact that you see in the United States, with citizens able to connect with each other and communicate directly with political leaders. In a sense, this disintermediation is the democratization of information. And the pace has accelerated, from a news cycle when newspaper journalists had time to do their homework to a controversy erupting every five minutes on social media. That is a real challenge to democracy.
'Hatred is the BJP's main weapon. They are creating massive fault lines by isolating millions of our people.'
In India, we see political organizations like the BJP [the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party] and its umbrella organizations like the RSS [the right-wing Hindu nationalist Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh] moving in to directly manipulate that space. Hatred is their main weapon. They are creating massive fault lines by isolating millions of our people. Tribals, Dalits and Muslims are simply being told by the ruling party that they cannot be part of India's vision. Journalists are being shot dead.
How do you run a democratic country, especially one as diverse as India, in this environment?
The main problem in India is overconcentration of power. Almost all important decisions in India today are taken at the prime minister's level. And at the state level, they're taken by the chief minister.
Meanwhile, the parliament in India is currently being reduced to a debating society without any power. While members of parliament talk to each other, the executive and the bureaucracy actually run the country. The only way to right India's problems is to push power out through more democratization and decentralization.
China has been very successful in lifting hundreds of millions out of poverty and modernizing its infrastructure ― including all those bullet trains. Yet it is a highly centralized state with power concentrated in the Communist Party at the top. Maybe more power at the top to push through policies that might be blocked locally is not a bad idea for India?
Actually, I would argue that India today is more centralized than China. The Communist Party centralizes certain aspects. But if you look at Chinese cities, local governments have a lot of power. Even if one was to follow your argument and centralize India even more, the type of reaction you would get ― and it is already coming ― would be very dangerous.
'Economic progress in a diverse and dynamic country like India can't be fulfilled through exclusion.'
The centralization of power tends to be exclusionary and doesn't allow the voices of many to be heard. Economic progress in a diverse and dynamic country like India can't be fulfilled through exclusion; rather, inclusion is absolutely necessary for progress.
Decentralization and politically embracing people and communities has worked in India. Let me give you an interesting and extreme example. In the state of Mizoram in the 1980s, a full-blown insurgency was taking place. The government went to the insurgents and said: “Why don't you get involved in running the state? Are you ready? Are you capable? If so, there are two conditions: First, put down your weapons. Second, follow the Indian constitution.” They accepted. The entire state government resigned and a party formed by former insurgents took over. The leader of the insurgency became the chief minister of the state; they [the new party] ran Mizoram for the next several years and have taken part in elections ever since then. The state is calm and stable now.
That is how India successfully fought insurgencies ― not by stamping them down and trying to crush them, but by pushing power out and bringing people inclusively into the democratic system.
Of course, I'm not saying this is how to resolve all conflicts. But I am saying that the principle of decentralization of power and embracing people is a powerful way of making India work effectively.
In recent decades, democracy has been able to transform itself in India without the kind of mass violence, famine and dislocation that we saw in China during the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural Revolution. Is the kind of openness you described still the case in India going forward even with a less tolerant, hardening regime charting a more authoritarian path?
Some years ago when I was on an official trip to Singapore, someone asked: “China is growing at 11 percent per year; India at 9 percent. Wouldn't India do better if it adopted the Chinese route to development?” I told them they were asking the wrong person.
China has paid a huge price for what it has achieved. Thirty million people died in China as a result of its policies over the years. I am very proud that my country has done nearly what China has without sacrificing millions of people. I am more than happy to give up one or two percentage points in GDP growth for the lives of 30 million people.
'I am very proud that my country has done nearly what China has without sacrificing millions of people.'
With respect to the hardening taking place in India, there are two basic issues that underlay the turn in Indian politics today. The real challenge for India is to find jobs for millions and millions of its youngsters. Thirty thousand Indian people come into the job market every single day, but only 500 people a day actually get any jobs. That is a huge discrepancy. [Prime Minister Narendra] Modi came to power by promising jobs, and his record so far has been disastrous. His administration is taking the anger of the youth and diverting it against minorities. That is what most right-wing leaders do ― this bait-and-switch is not dissimilar from what the right-wing are doing all over the world.
With their system of controlled population, cheap labor and manufacturing for export, the Chinese have basically cornered the blue-collar job market globally. The real challenge for India is how to compete with China for jobs while maintaining a democratic environment.
The second issue is that with advent of the internet and communication technology, institutions no longer have dominance over their space.
What defines an institution? Its monopoly over information. But that's gone now. In all cases, whether we are talking about the realm of professionals, the traditional media or even the judicial system or the police ― no one has monopoly over information any longer. Democracies today exist in a world of institutional confrontation.
This combination of joblessness along with institutional civil war ― which is happening in India, in America, in Europe ― is a true crisis for all democratic societies. It is this combination of circumstances that has created the space for leaders like Modi and [Philippine President Rodrigo] Duterte who thrive on hatred and disrespect institutions.
'Modi's administration is taking the anger of the youth and diverting it against minorities.'
Demonetization of 86 percent of our currency, a decision taken unilaterally by Prime Minister Modi last November, is a superb example of this type of leadership. Demonetization was a body blow to our economy and wiped out more than 2 percent of GDP. It sent a shockwave through the informal economy and wiped out more than 1 million jobs. The PM ignored our economic and financial institutions and took this decision personally. The previous central bank governor has publicly stated that he advised the government against demonetization. Even the economic adviser to the government was not consulted. This has damaged India very badly.
Speaking of China, how do you see its new Silk Road initiative, which is building out infrastructure across Eurasia to Europe and Africa?
It is a very powerful policy from their perspective. It is an attempt at redesigning the world. I don't see a clear response to it, however, and I am not one of those that underestimates their capability to pull it off.
'Modi is a status-quoist pretending to be a reformer.'
The caste system has been one of the historical features of Indian society. From the beginning, the Congress Party has aimed to demolish that system. Yet, some now say that Modi is in reality doing so with his meritocratic approach to governance. What is your view on that?
No. That is simply not true. The central fight between the BJP and the Congress Party is about caste. The Congress Party brought the idea of one man, one vote to India. That idea is inimical to the caste tradition. The only way to weaken the caste system is to strengthen the vote. You don't strengthen the vote by destroying institutions but by empowering the democratic process.
I would argue that Modi is actually strengthening and defending India's caste structure. That is his entire design. Modi has followed the model of the Muslim Brotherhood [in Egypt] to use democracy to come to power. He has filled our institutions with people who propagate a certain divisive ideology and is now imposing a vision of India that excludes India's Dalits, tribals and minorities. He is a status-quoist pretending to be a reformer.
Weird things at airports are often taken very seriously, as it is considered to be a breach of security. There is a general perception that they are looking for weapons and drugs. However, there are a lot of things that are prohibited on flights. Every day, the airport security confiscated various items from the passengers. Some of these items are really bizarre and can blow your mind. You can't imagine that some people are traveling with such bizarre and weird things. Here are some of the weird things:
1) Seal Head
In 2004, the airport security stopped a biology professor at the airport for the possession of a bizarre thing. He was carrying the severed head of a harbor seal. According to the professor, he was carrying this head to demonstrate it for educational purposes. The officials interrogated him about the source of this seal head. The man claimed that he found a dead seal during his holidays, and he cut off its head to keep with him.
One of the weird things is that the professor believed it is legal to transport animal head on the plane. However, after thorough investigation the airport officials allowed him to travel, of course without the seal head.
2) Dried Caterpillars:
On February 23, 2013, a man was arriving from the African country of Burkina Faso. He was stopped at Gatwick Airport in the UK. The security officials confiscated 90 kgs of dried edible caterpillars from his luggage. He has four suitcases full of these creepy bugs. One of the weird things about his explanation was of the way he claimed that the caterpillars were for his personal consumption. Perhaps, he was trying to become a “Bug-Man”. However, the airport officials didn't let him carry his dried creepy friends as there are importing restrictions in UK on dried insects.
3) Hallodapus Bug:
In 2009, the airport security saved the agricultural industry of the United States. The vigilant customs officers at the Newark Airport, New Jersey found a Hallodapus bug trying to sneak into the premises. According to the US Department of Agriculture, this bug could be very harmful for the agricultural crops. It was the first time this Hallodapus bug was found in the US. However, thanks to efficient security. The bug was eradicated on the spot. Now, it seems like the security officials should also be equipped with pest control equipment.
4) Transporting Weird Things Like Corpse Normally:
Weird things happen to families while trying to get along with the loss of a member. In 2010, a woman was traveling with her daughter from Berlin to Manchester. There was also a third passenger with her on this journey which was her 91-year old dead husband, Curt Willi Jarant. Jarant was confined to a wheelchair, and she pretended that he was an Alzheimer patient. She also wore sunglasses on the eyes of Jarant and showed that he was suffering from an eye infection.
However, the airport officials found this story fishy. When they tried to examine Mr. Jarant, his body was icy cold. On further examination, they found out that Jarant was already dead. The family has devised the entire fake plan to avoid corpse transportation fees. This shows that the human brain is never short of creative ideas.
5) Carrying Pigeons:
Australia has a very strict policy against animal smuggling. The culprit can be sentenced up to 16 years in prison and a big fine. In 2009, an Australian man made an attempt of animal smuggling. He was returning to Australia from Dubai, when he was stopped by the airport authorities. One of the weird things is that during his body search, security found two living pigeons wrapped around his calves. He was wearing black tights to hide this extra baggage. This type of bizarre transportation is hazardous for animals as well.
Americans casting early ballots and voting in the first hours of Election Day are looking to elect a 'strong leader' as the next president, more than they want other characteristics that usually drive voters.
More than one-third of them, 36 per cent, said a strong leader is at the top of their shopping list, a quality that on its face describes the swashbuckling Republican Donald Trump more closely than it does Democrat Hillary Clinton.
The Morning Consult exit poll also gave voters the option of picking other attributes for their next president.
One with 'a vision for the future' was the second most popular, with 29 per cent. The remaining two options, someone who 'shares my values' and someone who 'cares about people like me,' tied at 16 per cent each.
Scroll down for video
Your browser does not support the iframe HTML tag. Try viewing this in a modern browser like Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Internet Explorer 9 or later.
FIRST SIGN: Voters are looking mostly for a president who is a 'strong leader,' in numbers twice as high as four years ago
QUITTING TIME: Most voters can't wait for the 2016 elections to be over, and are apprehensive about what comes next
The 'strong leader' option polled twice as high as it did four years ago when Mitt Romney lost the 2012 election to President Barack Obama.
Trump, the hard-charging reformer known more for his merciless business acumen than for blue-sky thinking, has cut a unique path through Americans' political life, arguing for 17 months that the nation needs a bold outsider to upset entrenched elites' apple carts and 'drain the swamp' in Washington.
His message resonated in the GOP primary season as he trounced a field of 16 contenders by having the loudest and most unapologetic voice in the room.
The Morning Consult exit poll, conducted in conjunction with Politico, also found that most American voters can't wait for Election Day to be in their rear view mirrors – but are deeply apprehensive about what might come next.
Eighty-five percent said they 'just want it to be over'; another 72 percent described their moods as 'anxious' and 71 percent were 'nervous.'
CRUNCH TIME: Donald and Melania Trump cast their ballots at a New York City public school designated P.S. 59
FINISH LINE: Hillary Clinton is hoping to be the first female U.S. president but a steady stream of scandals has contributed to voters' overall fatigue
A smaller number of voters said they were 'angry' about the election. Half were 'sad. And 39 per cent chose an even more dire adjective: 'depressed.'
The 2016 campaign was among the most viciously fought in modern history. Clinton painted Trump as a womanizing abuser and a tax cheat, a racist and xenophobe.
Trump called Clinton 'crooked Hillary,' accusing her of selling her State Department office 'to the highest bidder' and hammering away at her national security scandals – including lies she told about the presence of classified documents on a private email server.
His take-no-prisoners approach angered liberals but fired up conservatives, who came to his rallies b ythe tens of thousands and came to see him as a populist firebrand carrying a golden torch.
Perhaps because of the lengthy air of acrimony, just 29 per cent of voters told pollsters they were 'proud' of the election, and 25 per cent said they were 'happy.'
Americans are voting on Tuesday in political races at all levels, from President of the United States to school board members and everything in between.
Johann Rupert is no longer South Africa's richest man, according to live billionaire data from Forbes.
Retail tycoon, Christo Wiese is now South Africa's richest person, with a net worth of $6.8 billion.
Luxury good retail executive Rupert, the former number one, has slipped to third, with his net worth of $6.4 billion ranking just below Nicky Oppenheimer at $6.5 billion.
It should be noted that Forbes' live tracking of billionaire wealth does not constitute its “official” list, which is released early in the year.
Christo Wiese
However, it does show that there has been a significant shift among South African billionaires since the Forbes ranking in March 2015.
In the 2015 Forbes rankings, Rupert's fortune was listed at $7.4 billion – though his finances were down a slight 2.4% from 2014.
Wiese, on the other hand, had shown enormous growth (97%), nearly doubling his wealth to $6.3 billion at the time. Since the March list, Rupert's fortunes have continued to slide, while Wiese's has moved up.
Notably, Wiese is the only South African billionaire who has seen his fortunes grow in the period.
This is how South Africa's richest individuals' fortunes have shifted since February 2015.
# Billionaire March 2015 September 2015 Change 1 Christo Wiese $6.3 billion $6.8 billion +7.9% 2 Nicky Oppenheimer $6.7 billion $6.5 billion -3.0% 3 Johann Rupert $7.4 billion $6.4 billion -13.5% 4 Koos Bekker $2.3 billion $2.1 billion -8.7% 5 Allan Gray $1.6 billion $1.3 billion -18.8% 6 Stephen Saad $2.1 billion $1.3 billion -38.1% 7 Patrice Motsepe $2.2 billion $1.3 billion -40.9%
Retail tycoon, Wiese, has a 15% stake in Shoprite Holdings, which has had a successful year in trade across Africa.
He also owns a stake in private equity firm, Brait, and investments in mining and industrial sector firms.
More on wealth
World's richest people under 35
The richest and poorest countries in the world
How much the richest 1% of South Africans earn
Qualifications of South Africa's richest people
Photo
The stars of the “The Big Bang Theory” will be putting their very big paychecks to good use. Actors on the sitcom, as well as members of the crew and the CBS show's co-creator Chuck Lorre, have created a scholarship at the Univerity of California, Los Angeles, for science students seeking financial aid.
The Big Bang Theory Scholarship Endowment has already raised more than $4 million, including gifts from the stars Jim Parsons, Kaley Cuoco-Sweeting, Johnny Galecki, and Mayim Bialik. Scholarships will be awarded to 20 low-income science students this fall, and five students per year going forward.
“We have all been given a gift with ‘The Big Bang Theory,' a show that's not only based in the scientific community, but also enthusiastically supported by that same community. This is our opportunity to give back,” Mr. Lorre said in a statement.
The first group of recipients will be announced on set this fall. They'll probably meet a fellow U.C.L.A.-er in Ms. Bialik, who earned her Ph.D. in neuroscience there in 2007.
Tags
On February 27th, it was revealed that�swill star in a stage play, �� and will take on the role of, a role whichfamously won an Academy Award with.This stage play was first opened in Japan in 2010, and grabbed the attention of the viewers with the daring act of only featuring three performers. In 2010, ex-top star of Takarazuka Revue, Asami Hikaru played the role of Princess Ann and this time, Akimoto will take the role alongside�, a member of the Japanese theater companyAs for the other cast,will play the role of�andasAkimoto, ascaptain with her singing and dance abilities, has also been displaying her acting skills recently, through her role in ��. Although there will be an immense pressure to play Audrey Hepburn�s role perfectly, people are looking forward to the fresh and young image she will bring to the role.�Roman Holiday� will open its stage on May 12th and 13th atin Osaka and from the 23rd to the 27th atin Tokyo.Source & Image: cinematoday
