• Eric Olhats hints that striker will only join club in Champions League • Adviser says Griezmann has release clause of £86m
Antoine Griezmann's adviser has claimed Chelsea, Manchester United and Manchester City are among the clubs to have inquired about the France forward but hinted he would only consider leaving Atlético Madrid for a team playing in the Champions League.
United have been heavily linked with an approach for the 26-year-old in recent months, with reports in February that they had already agreed personal terms. However, with José Mourinho's side currently sixth in the Premier League table, Griezmann's long-time adviser, Eric Olhats, has cast doubt on whether the player who has scored 58 goals in La Liga in the past three seasons and has a release clause of £86m (€100m) would consider moving to Old Trafford if they do not qualify for the Champions League.
Luke Shaw vows to stay at Manchester United and prove José Mourinho wrong Read more
“There are not 50,000 clubs that can put 100 million on the table, it's quickly figured out. That's the price of the clause, they won't give anything away cheaply. That limits the number of candidates right now,” Olhats told the French broadcaster RMC.
“I had heard that Manchester United was done, was signed, but we don't even know if they'll play in the Champions League. That's important, I must say. Manchester United have made an approach to inform themselves, just like all the others. They come to find out what our thinking is, what the player's thinking is, if there are possibilities, how much, how? But it seems logical.
“Chelsea, Manchester City, Barcelona and even Real have knocked on the door to see where things are, everyone comes to see what is do-able, and what is not do-able, that's normal. It's a game of musical chairs.”
But Olhats, who spotted Griezmann as a teenager and took him to Real Sociedad, ruled out a move to join Atlético's bitter rival Real and added that Paris Saint-Germain had yet to follow up their interest from last summer.
Finally I 've finished making MLP FIM Season 6 Cast , but there is a shortage of characters in MLP FIM namely Mr. Stripes , Tri Horned Bunyip , Younger Spoiled Rich ( Spoiled Milk ) , Trainer 1 and 2. I apologize profusely .
Background -->
Characters :
--> Flurry Heart, Cheerilee, Trapeze Star, Angel Wings, Daring Do, and Rainbow Dash. Background --> Characters : --> Flurry Heart, Cheerilee, Trapeze Star, Angel Wings, Daring Do, and Rainbow Dash.
-->
--> Starlight Glimmer and Sunburst.
--> Maud Pie, Derpy, and Princess Luna.
--> Pony Cop, Hoofer Steps, Misty Fly, The Shy Family, Saffron Masala, Coriander Cumin, Sky Stinger, and Vapor Trail.
--> Street Rat
--> Tender Tap
--> Princess Ember
--> Dragon Lord Torch, Dr. Caballeron, Cipactli, Discord, Big Mcintosh, Snails, Gladmane, Flim, Twilight Sparkle, Spike, and Thorax.
--> Garble
--> Trixie, Rarity and Pinkie Pie.
--> Spitfire, Severus, Aloe, Flam, Director, DJ-Pon3, and Octavia.
--> Soarin and Younger Filthy Rich.
--> Stripes
--> Smoky, Softpad, and Smoky jr.
--> Princess Celestia, Pasific Glow, Flashdancer, and Azure Velour.
--> Zesty Gourmand
--> Quibble Pants
--> Cutie Mark Crusaders and Gabby.
--> Petunia and her parents.
--> Granny Smith
--> Queen Chrysalis
===================================================================================================
Princess Candace and Shining Armor. --> Starlight Glimmer and Sunburst. --> Maud Pie, Derpy, and Princess Luna. --> Pony Cop, Hoofer Steps, Misty Fly, The Shy Family, Saffron Masala, Coriander Cumin, Sky Stinger, and Vapor Trail. --> Street Rat --> Tender Tap --> Princess Ember --> Dragon Lord Torch, Dr. Caballeron, Cipactli, Discord, Big Mcintosh, Snails, Gladmane, Flim, Twilight Sparkle, Spike, and Thorax. --> Garble --> Trixie, Rarity and Pinkie Pie. --> Spitfire, Severus, Aloe, Flam, Director, DJ-Pon3, and Octavia. --> Soarin and Younger Filthy Rich. --> Stripes --> Smoky, Softpad, and Smoky jr. --> Princess Celestia, Pasific Glow, Flashdancer, and Azure Velour. --> Zesty Gourmand --> Quibble Pants --> Cutie Mark Crusaders and Gabby. --> Petunia and her parents. --> Granny Smith --> Queen Chrysalis===================================================================================================
Application is My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic and Lauren Faust
There's evidence that the epidemic in male suicide is being under-reported.
If true this is pretty shocking.
Fathers4Justice say that on average they are notified of three to four suicides a month.
They say male suicides are significantly underreported because of cultural and religious taboos, and because families do not want to be tainted by the shame of suicide, which leads many deaths to be incorrectly recorded as “accidental deaths” or “deaths by misadventure”.
Said F4J founder Matt O'Connor, “It's interesting to note that it has taken the ONS and Samaritans two years to publicly say what Fathers4Justice said in 2015: that separated dads are three times more likely to die than other men and women.”
“We are in the midst of a suicide epidemic that is a national scandal. Based on our casework, we do not believe the tiny recorded drop in the suicide rate reflects the true numbers of fathers taking their lives. We believe the cases we see are the tip of the iceberg.”
“We remain deeply concerned about the impact of government policy on separated dads and their failure to properly assess or research the impact on this at risk group.”
“We call again for the government to appoint a Minister For Men and Boys to coordinate a response to this public health emergency.”
More US military suicides than combat deaths in 2012
By David Brown
11 June 2012
Among US forces on active duty, the suicide rate this year is the highest since the invasion of Afghanistan a decade ago, according to the Associated Press. In the first 155 days of this year, 154 active-duty troops took their own lives, an increase of 18 percent over the same period last year. At the rate of one suicide a day, fifty percent more US soldiers have taken their own lives this year than have been died in combat in Afghanistan.
Every branch of the American military that sees combat is reporting a higher level of suicides than at the same point in 2009. The military suicide rate for the Iraq and Afghanistan wars previously peaked that year, but leveled off in 2010 and 2011, so the Pentagon had projected “only” 136.2 suicides by this point in 2012.
In both absolute and relative terms, the US Army has the highest rate of suicide of any branch. While the Army makes up only 38 percent of the total military personnel, more than half the total of suicides, 80, have occurred there. Army suicides peaked at 160 in 2009 but at the current rate will reach 188 this year.
2008 was the first year since the Vietnam War era that saw the suicide rate in the Army exceeded that of the civilian population. As the US-led occupations of Afghanistan and Iraq drag on, it is no surprise that the soldiers in the most direct contact with the brutal reality of imperialist war suffer the most mental distress.
The surge in military suicides is no doubt connected to the character of the Afghanistan war in particular and its almost universal unpopularity. As the Karzai puppet regime loses all legitimacy and the naked colonial nature of the war becomes more and more evident, US soldiers have been confronted more directly and demoralizingly with the overall hostility of the Afghan population.
Public outrage over civilian deaths in night raids and drone strikes have found expression in public protests and also in increasing numbers of “green-on-blue” attacks, in which US and NATO troops are killed by Afghan forces. Currently, approximately one in seven NATO soldiers who die in Afghanistan, die in such attacks.
Soldiers face violence, not just from those opposing the occupation, but from other military personnel. According to the Department of Defense's own estimates, nearly 20,000 service members were sexually assaulted last year.
A class action lawsuit brought by veterans against Defense Secretaries Donald Rumsfeld and Robert Gates for allowing the widespread assaults was thrown out last December by a district court. The defense attorneys argued, and the judge agreed, that “The alleged harms are incident to plaintiffs' military service.” In other words, sexual assault is a predictable outcome of enlistment, on par with facing combat.
In general there is contempt among military leadership for the mental and social state of the enlisted. In a blog post last month, Maj. Gen. Dana Pittard, commander of the 1st Armored Division, wrote, “I am personally fed up with soldiers who are choosing to take their own lives so that others can clean up their mess. Be an adult, act like an adult, and deal with your real-life problems like the rest of us.” Although he later retracted the statement, he did not apologize for it.
Moreover, the deteriorating economic situation facing the majority of Americans must find its reflection in the minds of soldiers. The official US poverty rate is 16 percent, and nearly half of the population is low-income. Just under half of American households are receiving some form of government aid, while at the same time, states are slashing funding for the programs that millions of Americans need to make ends meet. Given these numbers it would be shocking if many soldiers did not have family or close friends in dire straits.
When US soldiers finish their tours of duty, their prospects for employment are even worse than those of the population at large. While overall unemployment averaged 9 percent in 2011, the Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that 12.1 percent of veterans who served since September 2001 were unemployed last year. Similarly, the National Coalition for Homeless Veterans estimates that 1.5 million veterans are at risk of homelessness. On average, 18 veterans commit suicide each day.
The mantra of the Obama administration and Democrat and Republican politicians about “supporting the troops,” is nothing but rank hypocrisy. The population at large, and veterans and soldiers in particular, should view Obama's efforts to rehabilitate the Vietnam War in his Memorial Day speech as a dangerous warning. By praising the bloody conflict that killed millions of Vietnamese and tens of thousands of Americans, Obama is indicating his willingness to wage war regardless of the cost to workers across the globe, including his own nation's enlisted.
With sneaky sidescroller Mark of the Ninja releasing this week on XBLA, we chat to Klei Entertainment's Nels Anderson about the game's devotion to hardcore stealth gameplay.
Sneaky Bastards: Being indie, what do you feel you can bring to the stealth genre that established stealth series' cannot?
Anderson: To start, we can make it 2D! Aside from Nintendo and recently Ubisoft Montpellier with Rayman: Origins, 2D sidescrollers don't get made by large studios. And that's a shame, because there are a lot of opportunities in 2D for stealth games, and 2D games in general. Not don't get me wrong, I love retro styling and pixel art, but I don't think that *all* 2D games need that as their aesthetic. Fluid animation that really leverage modern hardware and tech can be really beautiful and engaging if it's done right. Nearly all of our artist actually come from a background of traditional cartoon animation, so we're able to do 2D animation in a way that big studios, and even a lot of other indies, simply can't. And stealth games really haven't been notable for strong animation before. And if it's in 3D, the animation is probably just going to be mocapped.
Also, being independent and more free of financial constraints (i.e. we don't need to sell 2 million copies to just get out of the red), it's much easier for us to avoid drifting toward a more action-focused game that would be familiar to a “mainstream” (whatever that means) audience. It's certainly feeling like some of the more notable stealth franchises have ended up making concessions toward more traditional 1st/3rd-person action gameplay. Now don't get me wrong, they could still be, and often are, excellent games, but I'm not looking for an action game in those titles, I'm looking for a stealth game. So we're able to make a ninja game that's unabashed about being sneaky, not cutting a helicopter in half with an 8-foot long sword.
Is Mark of the Ninja a hardcore stealth game, as opposed to a game where stealth is one possible approach?
Without a doubt. Holding down the run button and trying to beat up every enemy you come across is going to get you killed, fast. Stealth is not an option in Mark of the Ninja, it's the game's core and beating heart. Now that doesn't mean you're constantly underpowered and just have to hide and cower. The design philosophy was really to emphasize that interplay between strength and weakness, which is the undercurrent of a lot of stealth games. When you're in your element, you're powerful and dangerous. But when you're compromised or when you're in space controlled by the enemies vision and movement paths or whatever, then your weak. There's a lot of interesting gameplay dynamics that emerge out of that conflict, and we pushed that into the fiction and atmosphere as well. But for that to work, the game has to be honest and committed to strengths being strengths and vulnerabilities being vulnerabilities. And I think we did that very intentionally with Ninja.
Plus, without that, the game is just power fantasy. And I think that territory is really well covered.
How important is light and shadow to Mark of the Ninja?
Like most stealth games, they're pretty fundamental. If you're in light, just about any enemy with line of sight to you will be able to see you. But fortunately, because we're 2D and the player character is more or less right in the middle of the screen, their avatar can actually serve as the illumination indicator. When the player is in light, their appearance actually changes dramatically, with their palette changing from black and white to actually coloured. So rather than have some external indicator like a light gem or other something (which never really feels that elegant), the player character literally is the light gem.
And beyond that, managing illumination is a important part of the player's arsenal. One approach other stealth games take is to limit the resource you have to removing illumination (e.g. in Thief you only have a fixed number of water arrows and you have to buy every one). For Ninja, we wanted to make the illumination management about consequences rather than resources. So any time the player breaks a light, it creates a noise that enemies may hear and if they do, they'll come investigate it. Since we're in 2D, it's not necessarily trivial just to hide behind a corner or something until they pass, so the consequence-focused approach seems to work better for our gameplay.
What does being 2D mean for Mark of the Ninja's stealth gameplay?
One thing is that it means we can push a lot harder on providing the player with even greater situation awareness (to crib a term from Andy Schatz of Monaco) and letting them leverage that. More so than 3D, 2D games tend to naturally compartmentalize. We've discovered that players can keep in their heads whatever is on-screen plus about a half-screen in any other direction. Beyond that and things just become muddy. In a 3D game, since you're just looking out a viewport, there's about 270 degrees sight you're not experiencing at any time, even without taking elevation into account. In 2D, it's much easier to see and understand all the elements you're currently needing to engage with. And because of that, we can provide even more visual feedback and cues that probably just wouldn't translate to 3D.
Not only can we visualise light cones pretty clearly, but we also visualise the distance any noise travels in the game
So not only can we visualise light cones pretty clearly, but we actually also visualize the distance any noise travels in the game. When you're trying to distract a guard, you don't need to guess at what the enemies may hear. That information is clearly presented, so it just because another tool in the player's arsenal. You can be deliberate with your actions, which we've discovered is *really* important. If the player doesn't feel confident and competent with the ability to execute on their intentions, the game just becomes much less enjoyable to play. We don't want people stumbling around in the dark (pardon the pun), trying to understand the game's systems.
2D also means we can have more platformer-esque movement. Since it is 2D and there aren't, you know, corners to hide around, the ninja needs other means to evade guards. A big way we're doing that is providing a more movement mechanics, like climbing on walls, ceilings, having a grappling hook, etc. And that stuff can be more precise in 2D.
Is there anything you've learned from the Shank series that will be reflected in Mark of the Ninja?
Tons. What you do in Ninja vs Shank/Shank 2 is quite different, but the low-level stuff actually has a lot of similarities. There are a lot of lessons we learned about good game feel, really tight controls that we were able to apply to Ninja. Stealth games aren't exactly known for excellent controls (usually because they just don't need them), but because it's 2D and plenty of the gameplay is about movement, the controls have to be rock solid and responsive. Things from Shank about branch timings, responsiveness, etc. we definitely put to work in Ninja.
And more simply, on the production front we're leveraging a lot of techs we build for Shank and Shank 2, which was actually really, really important. Trying to develop a really experimental game like this while simultaneously trying to build the engine at the same time is a path ripe for disaster. The fact that we were building upon relatively stable tech and just had to add the unique features that Ninja needed (e.g. light/darkness, sound propagation, etc.) was a huge boon. It let us get to iteration much faster, which has been vital for Ninja.
Thanks, Nels.
Mark of the Ninja releases on XBLA September 7.
Whiskey history is a long, adventurous story, and many brave people fought to keep the drink flowing along the way. Fittingly, some exact dates were forgotten (whiskey was involved, after all), but this timeline will help you grasp the basics and understand its origin; who played key roles in the history of distilling, how whiskey came to be, how it evolved to be the whiskey / bourbon / rye / scotch we know today, and some fun little annals of history.
The History of Whiskey
2000 BC
Arguably, the art of distillation was founded in ancient Mesopotamia (the modern day equivalent is an area covering parts of Iraq and Syria), often used as a way to produce perfumes and aromatics.
100 AD
Here we find the first written record of distilling. Ancient Greek philosopher Alexander of Aphrodisias describes the process of taking seawater and distilling it into pure drinking water. Medieval civilizations evolved their techniques over the following centuries, although still not resulting in alcohol.
500-1000 AD
Knowledge of distillation spread to Europe along with the traveling Moors of the early first millennia. The process is picked up by those in the Christian religion, using it to produce ingredients for various ceremonies, and also medicines for colic, palsy and smallpox.
1000-1200 AD
The origin of whiskey began over 1000 year ago when distillation made the migration from mainland Europe into Scotland and Ireland via traveling monks. The Scottish and Irish monasteries, lacking the vineyards and grapes of the continent, turn to fermenting grain mash, resulting in the first distillations of modern whisky.
1250
Around this time, the earliest records of alcohol distillation appear in Italy, with it being distilled from wine. The technique was recounted by Ramon Llull (1232 – 1315).
1405
The first written record of ‘whisky' appears in the Irish Annals of Clonmacnoise, where is been written that the head of a clan died after “taking a surfeit [excessive amount] of aqua vitae” at Christmas.
1494
By this time, the distilling of whisky in Scotland is fully underway, as evident by a record in the Exchequer Rolls of 1494 where King James IV of Scotland granted a large amount of malt “To Friar John Cor, by order of the king, to make aquavitae.”
1536-1541
The production of whisky shifted to the general public, after King Henry VIII of England dissolved the monasteries, making a large number of monks independent and looking for new ways to make a living. Distillation was it.
1600-onwards
As the European colonists began to arrive in America, they brought with them the practice of distilling whiskey. Many Scottish and Irish immigrants settled in their new territories, eventually beginning to distill their new types of grains and mash.
1608
The Old Bushmills Distillery is licensed in Northern Ireland, and today holds the title of oldest licensed whiskey distillery in the world.
1707-1725
The Acts of Union resulted in the merging of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, creating Great Britain, and in the following years, taxes rose dramatically. The English Malt Tax of 1725 seriously threatened the production of whisky, and led the majority of Scottish distilleries to head underground and begin production at night, giving whisky one if its finest nicknames, “moonshine.”
1775-1783
After many years of producing their own whiskey, and seeing its value to the general population, distillers often used whiskey as a currency during the American Revolutionary War.
1783
The first commercial distillery is founded in Louisville, Kentucky on the banks of the Ohio River by Evan Williams.
1791
A new excise was introduced to help fund debt from the Revolutionary War. Import duties were already high, and so an excise tax on domestically produced distilled spirits was levied – the first of it's kind by the new national government. Although the tax applied to distilled spirits of any kind, whiskey was the most popular, and so the excise became commonly known as the “Whiskey Tax.”
1791-1794
The ensuing unrest between grain farmers and the US government was soon dubbed the “Whiskey Rebellion“. Farmers were used to distilling their surplus grains into whiskey and a united protest gathered speed, particularly in the western counties of Pennsylvania where federal officials were intimidated in order to deny collection of the tax.
The rebellion came to a turning point in July 1794 when the home of tax inspector General John Neville was attacked by nearly 600 armed men. President Washington responded by sending in a militia force of around 13,000 to march west and meet any resistance with force. The rebels disbanded before their arrival, key leaders fled to safety, and the mass protesting came to an end.
1801
While the physical rebellion halted, opposition to the Whiskey Tax continued, and became a significant issue in following political elections. The newly formed Democratic-Republican Party, led by Thomas Jefferson, would pledge to repeal the tax if voted into power, and when Jefferson took office in 1801, he did just that.
1820
A certain Scottish grocer named John Walker began producing his own whisky, which would become one of the most famous and most widely distributed brands of Scotch whisky in the world. John Walker himself, was a teetotaler.
1823
The United Kingdom brought “moonshine” production to an end, when they gave Scottish distilleries an option to legalize their operations by paying a fee.
1823
The process that is sour mash was developed by Dr. James C. Crow at what is now the Woodford Reserve Distillery in Kentucky. In the process, an amount of spent mash is added to a new mash, and the balance of acid and live yeast that is contained controls the growth of foreign bacteria, improving consistency between batches so that every bottle is as close to the previous as possible. This revolutionized the way in which bourbon is made, and is also a current legal requirement when producing Tennessee whiskey.
1831
After inventing a “continuous still” and improving the technology involved in distillation, Irish inventor Aeneas Coffey patented the Coffey still, allowing manufacturers to produce whiskey more efficiently, and at a lower cost.
1840
Old Bourbon County had been producing “Old Bourbon County Whiskey” for some years; the name was used to differentiate it from other whiskeys because Old Bourbon was the first corn whiskey that most people had come across. It wasn't until 1840 that it was officially given the name Bourbon, when a distiller by the name of Jacob Spears was the first to label his product as “Bourbon whiskey.“
1850
The first blended whisky comes into production. Andrew Usher mixed traditional pot still whiskey with that of a new batch produced in a Coffey still. Usher met stubborn resistance from traditional Irish distillers, many of whom claimed that this new blend was not whisky at all. Still, his company became the first to produce and mass-market a bottled blended scotch, and even became a popular import in the U.S. after finding distribution with Nicholas & Co. in 1853.
1920-1933
For 13 years, the American Prohibition era banned all production, sale, and use of alcohol. However, the federal government made an exception: the prescription of medicinal whiskey from a doctor, to be sold through a licensed pharmacy. (During this same timeframe, the pharmacy chain Walgreens used this to their advantage, growing from 20 stores to nearly 400.)
1964
Bourbon really hit the big time, as American Congress declared bourbon whiskey the country's official distilled spirit. They also laid out the specific regulations that are to be met in order to label a whiskey as bourbon. (For more details, read the What is Bourbon? section of our whiskey introduction.)
2004
The American Whiskey Trail is launched to promote many of the historical sites and operating distilleries in Kentucky, Tennessee, Pennsylvania, Virginia and New York.
Related reading: ‘An Introduction to Whiskey'.
by Bottleneck Management.
In chess, there is a concept called transposition which, according to Wikipedia, is "a sequence of moves that results in a position which may also be reached by another, more common sequence of moves.” In other words, it's the road less traveled.
Looking at possible transpositions is important for chess computers because it reduces the amount of possible board variations that it needs to evaluate. For one particular board state – no matter the moves that came before it – the chess computer's move is always the same.
Soccer is not like chess (at least in this context). The current action in soccer is very much dependent on the previous events. Some of my previous models have failed to compensate for this context (mostly because it's an incredibly daunting task). For example, when I modeled a pass' likelihood of being completed, most of my inputs were components of the ball's current position. I did not compensate for where the ball had previously been.
In this article, we'll explore just how many previous events – mostly, previous ball position – can influence the effectiveness of a cross from a single position. This same principal can be applied to just about any other measurable event, such as shots or passes.
Here is a volume distribution of all of the 2012 MLS passes that immediately preceded an attempted cross from the right channel outside of the penalty box (attacking from left to right). The volume of each square represents the number of passes that originated from that area, and the color represents the average outcome of the resulting cross. Bright green, on one end of the green/red gradient, means a high completion rate.
Notice, despite the location of the resulting cross remaining consistent, the location of the previous pass seems to deeply effect the likelihood of the cross being completed successfully. This perhaps is one of the best illustrations I have come across to show just how difficult soccer analytics is. Not all crosses are the same – even when they look exactly the same on the OPTA Chalkboard.
This is yet another example of why context is so very important when digging through soccer data anywhere below surface level. To further emphasize this point, this is a similar graph looking at the same crossing data but only for the Seattle Sounders, and not restricting it to crosses from one particular area. A majority of Seattle's pre-cross passes originate from right above the box, which indicates their talent for inside-out play:
Conversely, look at Sporting Kansas City's distribution. A plurality of their crosses seem to manifest themselves out of either flank, which isn't surprising when you have Graham Zusi and Kei Kamara, not to mention a pair of aggressive, overlapping fullbacks:
And finally, here's Real Salt Lake. RSL are far less likely to rely upon their fullbacks to serve balls into the box, and doubly so on the left touchline. It's pretty sparse out there:
Looking at where different teams generate more effective crosses from is not only a good way to help understand the attacking systems they a particular team is employing, but it also shows just how complicated (and important) the build-up to a cross can be.
Keith Richards revealed he does not listen to contemporary music
The 64-year-old, who famously claimed to have snorted his father's ashes - but later denied it, revealed what his message would be to anyone using drugs.
"Give it up, it ain't really worth it. I know the fascination, but it ain't worth it," he said.
He also branded bandmate Sir Mick Jagger a "power freak".
'Vain bloke'
"Mick's a maniac. He can't get up in the morning without knowing immediately who he's going to call," he said.
"Meanwhile, I just go 'Thank God I'm awake' and wait for three or four hours before I do anything.
He is a power freak and there's nothing we can do about it
Keith Richards on Mick Jagger
"He is a power freak and there's nothing we can do about it. I don't want to do anything about it. It doesn't make any difference to what we do," he added.
When asked about Jagger's on stage persona he said: "Excuse me while I laugh. He's a bit vain, let's put it like that."
"We want a vain bloke up there, don't we? Meanwhile, the band can go to work. Vanity will not carry a band. But a band can carry vanity."
The performer, who is currently promoting Shine A Light, a Martin Scorsese documentary about the Stones, also revealed he does not listen to contemporary music and thinks CDs sound "tinny".
While Google's Chrome OS might still be on the slow uptake, more and more hardware partners are joining Google's cause, and in the past year we've seen HP and ASUS jump onboard. HP have two devices on shelves right now, the Chromebook 11 and the Chromebook 14 (which I am writing this very article with) and ASUS have a Chromebox announced for those that like desktop orientated options. Recently we saw a leaked image of an ASUS Chromebook and now, more information has leaked out thanks to careless online retailers.
According to online listings, the two Chromebooks from ASUS will be dubbed the C200 and the C300, coming in at 11.6-inches and 13.3-inches, respectively. Starting with the 11.6-inch C200, an online listing shows that the device is to feature 16GB of storage (as is normal for Chromebooks) 2GB of RAM and an Intel N2830 Celeron CPU. Moving on to the 13.3-inch model and the story is much the same, with the same processor but with 4GB of RAM being included, instead of 2GB and twice the storage at 32GB. While there's no word yet on the resolution of either device, we could be seeing a 1080p 13.3-inch display on the C300, as online retailer Antares Pro is listing a price around $330, close to that of the Chromebook 2 from Samsung.
Where ASUS' Chromebooks really differ however, is from the Intel Celeron N2830, which is a dual-core CPU said to be clocked at 2.18 Ghz in these laptops, however Intel lists that a maximum clock speed of 2.41 Ghz is achievable. That's a big difference from the 2955U inside the Acer C720P and the HP Chromebook 14 which is clocked at just 1.4 Ghz. Still, I use the Chromebook 14 for the majority of things I need to do, and the performance is very good for me. Faster processors and better displays would be one way for ASUS to compete on the hardware front with vendors such as Samsung and Acer.
While the release date is pegged for April, we've yet to hear anything official from ASUS, so take this all with a grain of salt. One thing's for certain though, there's soon to be some new Chromebooks in town. Have you got a Chromebook? Drop us a line in the comments below or over on Google+!
J.K. Rowling, creator of the unlikely, but wildly popular, fantasy fiction hero Harry Potter, had to set the record straight after rumors emerged about her latest novel being a romance. She took to Twitter to lay that particular rumor to rest, further stirring the cauldron of speculation over the contents of the upcoming book.
By most people's guesses, the novel Rowling is currently working on will be the eighth Harry Potter adventure, although the author is not really giving anything away. Instead, she contents herself with tormenting her hapless Twitter followers with enigmatic riddles. Rowling has also told her more than 3.8 million Twitter followers that she is, indeed, working on a new novel but that it is not yet finished. Rumblings were heard about the writer being seen in a London pub. If that wasn't shock enough – for an author who keeps a somewhat low profile, to the point of almost gaining a reputation as a recluse – the rumblings suggested that she was there to celebrate handing over her latest novel to publishers. This was a story that appeared in a British tabloid, the Daily Mail, Wednesday. The novel in question was, apparently, a romance novel.
Rowling set the record straight Thursday, tweeting “1) I haven't handed in ANY kid of novel to my publishers. I'm only halfway through my current book. 2) It isn't a ‘romantic' novel. And 3) (brace yourselves) I sometimes have a drink when I haven't finished a book. Yes, that's how rock and roll I really am.” Even as her tweeps cry out for any hint that their beloved Potter will feature in this yet-to-be finished novel, the author is giving nothing away, concluding her Twitter update, simply, with “Back to work now. See you when I've finished something X.”
The English-born novelist, who has also written under the pen-name Robert Galbraith, introduced Harry Potter to the world in 1997, with the first of – so far – seven adventures; Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone. The seventh book in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, was published in 2007. Potter fans have been in a state of anticipation since then. After Deathly Hallows, Rowling cast doubt upon the idea of yet another return of young Potter; saying that she was unlikely even to revisit the fantasy genre. Since then she has hinted at the possibility or delighting Potter fans with a new tale, but nothing further has been revealed.
Other than a novel in the works, Rowling, 49, is also working on a screenplay and, apparently, preparing to build something strange on her property in Scotland; a structure that may be right out of one of her Harry Potter novels. The Cormoran Strike series, written under the name Robert Galbraith, may also be due another installment. The Cuckoo's Calling was published in 2013 and The Silkworm came out in June of this year. Rowling has explained that she chose to write under the pseudonym to free her from the fame and expectation generated by her famous fantasy novels. Although it was destined to be a short-lived secret, taking on the fictional identity set the Cormoran Strike novels apart and likely spared Rowling numerous excruciating attempts at comparison of her detective and her wizard.
Although the author set the record straight on the disposition of her latest novel, Harry Potter may yet fail to appear again anytime soon.
Graham J Noble
Sources:
MTV News
E Online
The city agreed on Monday to pay nearly $1 million to participants in the monthly Critical Mass bicycle rides who claimed they had been wrongly detained and arrested by police officers.
The lawsuit, originally filed in 2007, represented the claims of 83 riders who had been arrested or ticketed by police during the rides from September 2004 to January 2006. The awards to the plaintiffs range from $500 for those who were cited for minor infractions, to $35,000 for a plaintiff who was arrested multiple times and was injured because of the arrests, said David B. Rankin, one of the three lawyers who represented the riders. About half the settlement will go toward legal fees.
The settlements, totaling $965,000, do not include the many lawsuits filed by riders who were arrested during the Republican National Convention in 2004.
The Critical Mass riders and the Police Department have a long, antagonistic history. Since 2004, riders have claimed that police officers harass them, take their bicycles and arrest them without reason. The police have said the cyclists violate traffic laws. The department has deployed hundreds of officers, a mobile command unit and a helicopter to monitor the rides, which wend their way through Manhattan on the last Friday of each month.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mark Zuckerman, a lawyer for the city, said the settlement was “in the best interest of all the parties.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Mr. Rankin said he thought the settlement was fair, and that the city's policies toward the riders had changed. “We hope that the cyclists and the N.Y.P.D. can figure out a way to work together,” he said.
Barbara Ross, a longtime rider who was arrested in 2005 on charges of parading without a permit and disorderly conduct, will receive about $15,000 from the settlement. She said that although the police have changed tactics, Critical Mass participants were still being harassed.
Search company or market:
(Close): London's benchmark index rose 2% as investors welcomed news that UK retail sales had risen at their fastest annual rate in more than 10 years.
Additionally, news that US central bank would take a "patient" approach to raising interest rates buoyed international markets.
The FTSE 100 closed up 129.52 points, or 2%, at 6,466.
Financial services firms Old Mutual and Aberdeen Asset Management both rose by more than 5%.
Brewer SABMiller added 5.6%, while British tech firm ARM Holdings added 4.9%.
British Airways owner IAG ended the day 4.5% higher, after revealing that the Irish carrier Aer Lingus had rejected its takeover offer.
Aer Lingus shares, meanwhile, were almost 9% higher.
The pound was up 0.6% against the dollar at $1.5662 and rose by 1% against the euro to €1.2742.
Read The Full Avatar Screenplay Online For Free By Perri Nemiroff Random Article Blend Avatar screenplay? Well, you're in luck because 20th Century Fox has decided to make the entire piece available online for FREE!
Even with primarily positive reviews, the one complaint made by a large majority of critics is about the trite dialogue. Could this be a push for the Best Screenplay Academy Award nod? The movie has already pulled in $380.5 in the US making it the 10th highest grossing film at the domestic box office in history; why else make the material available if not for an awards push?
Regardless, it is fun to sort through the pieces and see what was removed from the final cut of the film. Can't wait for that coveted deleted Na'vi sex scene on the DVD? Skip to page 90. Click Got some free time on your hands? Feel like reading the entirescreenplay? Well, you're in luck because 20th Century Fox has decided to make the entire piece available online for FREE!Even with primarily positive reviews, the one complaint made by a large majority of critics is about the trite dialogue. Could this be a push for the Best Screenplay Academy Award nod? The movie has already pulled in $380.5 in the US making it the 10th highest grossing film at the domestic box office in history; why else make the material available if not for an awards push?Regardless, it is fun to sort through the pieces and see what was removed from the final cut of the film. Can't wait for that coveted deleted Na'vi sex scene on the DVD? Skip to page 90. Click here to take a look. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Exactly 100 years on from the creation of stainless steel cutlery in Sheffield, a group of specialised craftspeople are close to saving the building where that invention was born as a permanent home of manufacturing, safeguarding their skills for future generations.
Sheffield was once synonymous worldwide with steel and cutlery production. But competition from overseas imports stifled trade and since the 1970s thousands of Sheffield workers lost their jobs in the manufacturing industry.
But now one of the biggest community buy-outs in the country should guarantee that the building where stainless steel cutlery was invented can continue to house craftspeople, who plan to teach their inherited skills to young people in Sheffield.
A handful of 'little mesters' – a term that used to be given, particularly in
Sheffield, to highly skilled self-employed craftsmen – pay small rents for specialised workshops in Portland Works, a dilapidated brick building on Randell Street, south of Sheffield city centre.
In 1913 a metallurgist named Harry Brearley took a corrosion resistant steel alloy he had developed to a cutler at Portland Works, and the first ever stainless steel cutlery was born. A hundred years later and, although no longer a cutlery works, the building houses some of the last of the city's little mesters' workshops; its tenants include metalworkers, furniture makers, woodworkers, an engraver, and a knife maker, as well as several independent artists and musicians.
Derek Morton, chairman of the Portland Works project, said: "When I walked in there three years ago and discovered the place it was still doing what it had always done – it was full of small workshops. It's like a time warp, going back 30 or 40 years. It was almost the last of these cutlery works that was still housing manufacturing."
Six years ago plans were set in motion to redevelop the Grade II* building – listed as such for its architectural design and historical significance – which would have put an end to its historic role within the manufacturing industry. A group of people then joined forces and launched a campaign to raise enough money to buy the property outright and preserve it as a place for manufacture.
The campaign launched a community share issue in June 2011. Since then, more than 430 people have bought shares in Portland Works, costing anything from £100 to £20,000. They have raised over £300,000 and, coupled with a loan from the Architecture Heritage Fund (a charity which funds the regeneration of historic derelict buildings), have enough to purchase Portland Works. The deal should be finalised within the next few weeks.
"Our commitment is to keep the rents low or at least realistically low while also restoring the building and making it weatherproof and watertight," said Morton. "It's going to need £1m spent on it."
"The way we see it, the first five years are going to be financially hell," he added, but said that after that they should turn a corner and start generating a surplus. Any profits will eventually go into sponsoring small projects, possibly community or manufacturing projects like Portland Works.
The group also plans to introduce apprenticeship schemes, providing opportunities to allow the current tenants to impart their manufacturing experience, much of which has been passed down from their ancestors. They want to be able to offer some bright youngsters a start-up business, with a small, low rent workshop within the Works. They have started making inroads into local schools and colleges and, although they are not insured for school groups, have hosted several university groups doing design and architecture projects.
The tenants
Pam Hague.
Pam Hague, 64, has been working at Portland Works since 1972. Her father was a cutler and began working in the building in 1968. Though Hague's business is grinding blades for lino-cutting her workshop contains much of the equipment that was used to make cutlery. Hague, her mother and her sister took over her father's business after he died, and the three of them starting making fences for a local public school.
"I just carried it on because my father had been here that long. Mind you, I've probably been here longer than he was now," said Hague. "But even now I think I'm one of the only women engineers in Sheffield."
Also past retirement age is engraver Mick Shaw, 68, who has worked in Portland Works for 30 years and as an engraver since the age of 17. Though most engraving is done by lasers nowadays, Shaw still gets a lot of business. "I don't work as many hours as I used to," he said. "But I probably still work more than most people – about 50 hours a week."
Portland tenant Andy Cole, 50, has worked the 19th century forge at Portland Works for 36 years – he started sweeping floors for a family friend, Wigfull, at 14 years old and was put on the books as soon as he was legally old enough. When he bought out the forge, Wigfull Tools became A Cole Tools.
Cole was one of the last Sheffield businesses still forging builders tools, until imports from China made it impossible for him to continue. "The chisels were coming in cheaper than I could buy the steel," he said. "Because of the recession people wouldn't pay the extra even though I gave them a lifetime guarantee." He now makes woodworking tools – there's still a market for handmade wood chisels, particularly in America.
Paul Hopprich rents the biggest area within Portland Works, and has been making quality cabinetry there for 26 years. "It's a beautiful building when you see beyond the dereliction," he said. "But the more important thing to me is the community spirit." All the different craftsmen at the Works help each other out, so most jobs do not have to be outsourced.
Another tenant Stuart Mitchell, 43, has been making knives since the age of 15. He learnt the skill from his father, who went into a Sheffield factory straight from school and worked in the cutlery industry all his life. Mitchell first remembers exploring his workshop on the second floor of Portland Works when it belonged to his father in 1980. He began working there in 1985.
Stuart Mitchell in his workshop.
"This workshop is the only place I've ever worked," he said. "The customers like it; it's a very historic thing as well." All Mitchell's customers are regulars. He specializes in quality custom knives for outdoor or kitchen use, and says his trade is all about "just making that perfect knife."
"My trade, in my lifetime, I've seen that dwindle away. There are definitely skills and traditions that are still worth keeping alive. I can't think of many people after me that will be able to do it." Mitchell is very keen to take on apprentices, but said it would be difficult to get around today's health and safety regulations.
"We were lucky that the group came together," he said. "And I think Sheffield in general – the people in general, have reached a point where we're so fed up of seeing things like this disappear. I think we were at a point that if we didn't save Portland Works there'd be nothing left to save."
Developing countries today have unprecedented numbers of schools, classrooms, teachers—and students. Remarkable accomplishments have also been made towards achieving gender equality at all levels of education (see World Bank, 2010). Since 1999, girls' gross enrollment rates have risen fastest in South Asia, especially at the primary level, by about 30 percentage points; in South Asia, girls' enrollment rates at the secondary level rose almost as fast. In the other regions where girls' enrollment rate at the primary level was already very high, girls' enrollment rate at the secondary and tertiary levels showed impressive increases.
Despite this progress, millions of school-age children, particularly girls, remain out of school. For reasons including poverty and inadequate schools, many children never enter and many leave well before completing even the primary level. Boys and girls show different and complex patterns of attending and dropping out of schools, with boys being more likely than girls to ever attend school, except in Latin American and Southeast Asia, but that once enrolled girls are more likely to remain in school and to complete more years of schooling.Therefore, improving girls' education worldwide requires overcoming initial barriers to schooling and providing girls with opportunities to set foot in school.
Notable Improvements in Enrollments
Source: UNESCO Institute of Statistics, accessed at EdStats.
Why is it imperative that the world's 3.4 billion girls and women have the same chances to gain an education as boys and men? Basic education is a human right that allows people to live fuller, healthier, more satisfying lives. For societies and economies as a whole, education is also a strategic investment to improve their prospects for development. For all countries, educating all their people, not just half of them, makes the most sense for future progress. Systematic disadvantage in access to schools for girls translates into a less educated workforce, inefficient allocation of labor, lost productivity and consequently diminished progress of economic development.
The benefits from women's education go both beyond higher productivity for them(*1) and beyond economic growth. Women with more education tend to be healthier, have fewer children, and secure better health care and education for their children. These benefits transmit to their communities at large and cascade across generations.
While gender accounts for observed disparities in education, poverty persists as the most important and pervasive factor for education inequality. According to calculations based on individual data from Demographic and Health Surveys (DHS) in 24 low-income countries, on average, only 34 percent of girls in the poorest-quintile households in these countries complete primary school, compared with 72 percent of girls in the richest-quintile households, a difference of 38 percentage points due to income poverty alone. In comparison, controlling for income, the gap between the poorest girls and the poorest boys is about 10 percentage points, and that between the richest girls and the richest boys is 12 percentage points, showing narrower gender inequality among the poor than among the rich.
Multiple Sources of Disadvantage
Download the data. For the full report, click here *2.
There are places on Earth that are both biologically rich — and deeply threatened. For our own sake, we must work to protect them.
Species are the building blocks of Earth's life-support systems. We all depend on them.
But our planet's “biodiversity,” the vast array of life on Earth, faces a crisis of historic proportions. Development, urbanization, pollution, disease — they're all wreaking havoc on the tree of life. Today, species are going extinct at the fastest rate since the mass extinction of the dinosaurs.
To stem this crisis, we must protect the places where biodiversity lives. But species aren't evenly distributed around the planet. Certain areas have large numbers of endemic species — those found nowhere else. Many of these are heavily threatened by habitat loss and other human activities. These areas are the biodiversity hotspots, 36 regions where success in conserving species can have an enormous impact in securing our global biodiversity.
The forests and other remnant habitats in hotspots represent just 2.4% of Earth's land surface. But you'd be hard-pressed to find another 2.4% of the planet that's more important.
Today co-anchor Savannah Guthrie announced live on air that Matt Lauer had been terminated from his job over allegations of sexual harassment. He is the latest in a slew of high-powered men in media to have fallen after such allegations have emerged, including Roger Ailes, Charlie Rose, Mark Halperin, and Glenn Thrush.
And as with the others, among the numerous questions surrounding Lauer's allegations, one persists: What about the women who didn't make it while he did? When the news about Lauer's firing from Today broke Wednesday morning, it was hard not to think back to another anchor who left the show: Ann Curry.
Lauer, the 20-year NBC News veteran, reportedly orchestrated Curry's ouster as Today co-host in 2012, a spot she earned after more than a decade as the morning show's newsreader.
Curry isn't the only woman whose career on the morning news show was stunted while Lauer got to stick around; Tamron Hall and Natalie Morales also lost their jobs during his tenure. It also sounds like there are more allegations waiting in the wings.
At @Variety, @RaminSetoodeh & I had been working on a Matt Lauer story for months and NBC was aware. There are multiple women we've spoken to with far-ranging accusations against Lauer. The power of journalism has never been more evident with this cultural change. — Elizabeth Wagmeister (@EWagmeister) November 29, 2017
Lauer had been a constant presence at Today since becoming co-anchor in 1997, even as his female counterparts have rotated — there was Katie Couric as his co-anchor, then Meredith Vieira, Curry, and finally Guthrie.
Today had fought hard to keep Lauer around. He is one of the highest-paid men on television, reportedly signing a new $20 million-a-year contract with NBC last year.
“How do you reconcile your love for someone with the revelation that they have behaved badly?” Guthrie said on Wednesday. “I do know that this reckoning that so many organizations have been going through is important, and long overdue, and it must result in workplaces where all women — all people — feel respected.”
“Boys' club” culture was at the heart of Ann Curry's Today ouster
Curry spent years as the Today show's newsreader. She was passed over for the co-anchor role upon Couric's exit in 2006, which instead went to Vieira, then a co-host of The View. When Vieira exited in 2011, it was finally Curry's turn to take over.
According to Brian Stelter in the New York Times Magazine, Curry's hiring had more to do with Lauer than it did with her. Network executives, worried that Lauer's contract was set to expire and Curry might go to competitors if she were again passed over, decided to keep her on in case Lauer left.
Stelter also described a “boys' club” atmosphere at Today that was specifically hostile toward Curry:
Many executives at the network never grasped how profoundly hurt and humiliated Curry remained — not just by her televised dismissal but by all the backstage machinations that led to that fateful morning. Curry felt that the boys' club atmosphere behind the scenes at “Today” undermined her from the start, and she told friends that her final months were a form of professional torture. The growing indifference of Matt Lauer, her co-host, had hurt the most, but there was also just a general meanness on set. At one point, the executive producer, Jim Bell, commissioned a blooper reel of Curry's worst on-air mistakes. Another time, according to a producer, Bell called staff members into his office to show a gaffe she made during a cross-talk with a local station. (Bell denies both incidents.) Then several boxes of Curry's belongings ended up in a coat closet, as if she had already been booted off the premises. One staff person recalled that “a lot of time in the control room was spent making fun of Ann's outfit choices or just generally messing with her.” On one memorable spring morning, Curry wore a bright yellow dress that spawned snarky comparisons to Big Bird. The staff person said that others in the control room, which included 14 men and 3 women, according to my head count one morning, Photoshopped a picture of Big Bird next to Curry and asked co-workers to vote on “Who wore it best?”
Curry lasted as Today co-anchor for only a year, in large part, reportedly, because of a cold relationship with Lauer. From Joe Hagan in New York magazine:
…Lauer wasn't trying hard enough to make it work with Curry because he simply didn't like her. Off air, Curry and Lauer had no relationship and barely spoke. When she started, Curry had asked Lauer out for lunch to get advice, but Lauer seemed to drag his feet scheduling it and Curry felt he didn't offer much. With Couric and Vieira, Lauer could be an easygoing straight man; with Curry, who threw off his rhythm and also threatened his dominance of the hard-news stories, he could often look sour.
In Curry's tearful on-air goodbye in June 2012, her tense relationship with Lauer was obvious.
Curry isn't the only Today woman to be shown the exit during Lauer's tenure while he was kept around.
Tamron Hall, who had been with NBC and MSNBC since 2007 and co-hosted the third hour of Today with Al Roker, left the show earlier this year after her slot was given to former Fox News host Megyn Kelly.
Hall, Today's first black female co-host, departed the network despite being invited to stay on as a national anchor. Her replacement, Kelly, has struggled to grow into her Today spot and is off to a slow start in the ratings.
Hall has yet to react publicly to Lauer's firing but has commented on Harvey Weinstein. She signed a deal with the Weinstein Company for a daytime talk show before decades of sexual harassment allegations against the Hollywood executive emerged, and spoke with HuffPost about the matter in October. “It's a woman's worst nightmare to be in a situation where you believe someone more powerful has control over your life,” she said.
Hall said she was working with her agents on next steps.
Kelly on Wednesday reacted to Lauer's firing during her hour of Today. “This one does hit close to home,” said Kelly, who has said she dealt with sexual harassment from Roger Ailes and Bill O'Reilly when she was at Fox News. She added, “We don't see the career opportunities women lose because of sexual harassment or the intense stress it causes a woman dealing with it when she comes to work each day.”
Natalie Morales's 2016 move from New York to Los Angeles was also linked to Lauer in the rumor mill. Page Six reported her move to the West Coast to host Access Hollywood was the result of an affair with Lauer gone sour. Both Morales and Lauer vehemently denied the rumors, as did NBC.
Still, it is telling that it was Morales who exited the show amid rumors, not Lauer. Morales wound up at a less prestigious, visible job while Lauer, unfazed, stayed atop Today.
While Curry, Hall, and Morales are the most public examples of women who left their Today jobs while Lauer kept his, it is impossible to know if they are the only ones in a similar situation. The identity of the person whose accusations resulted in Lauer's ouster is unknown, but NBC News chair Andy Lack's statement suggests it might not have been a one-off incident. “While it is the first complaint about his behavior in the over twenty years he's been at NBC News, we were also presented with reason to believe this may not have been an isolated incident,” he said.
Nikita Pavlychev stood head and shoulders above the rest of his fellow prospects at Penguins development camp last week.
Standing at 6-foot-7, the towering center is often the tallest player on any team or camp. But what's most impressive about Pavlychev's frame this summer isn't the height. It's the weight.
During his freshman campaign with Penn State in 2016-17 the Yaroslavl, Russian native spent a lot of time in the gym trying to build his musculature.
"At Penn State I've been working a lot on my strength and putting some weight on," he said. "I think I did a pretty good job so far. I've put on almost 20 pounds since last summer."
Pavlychev was already a hulking 200 pounds when the Pens drafted him with the 197th overall pick in the seventh round of the 2015 NHL Draft. Penn State currently lists him at 212 pounds, but Pavlychev believes he is around 218.
"I've been improving a lot," he said. "My strength and conditioning coach has been helping a lot. I'm just getting stronger now."
What's most important isn't that Pavlychev is gaining weight, but he's gaining the right kind of weight, muscle. After all, with such a tall stature, Pavlychev already lacks a little bit of foot speed. Adding muscle, particularly in his legs, will only improve his explosiveness.
"You don't want to have any extra weight that is going to slow you down because you're a big guy and already pretty slow," he laughed. "It's about gaining the healthy weight, watching the diet and not eating a lot of junk, trying to keep the weight as muscle and not fat. That's the key."
Pavlychev, 20, posted 13 points (6G-7A) in 36 games during his freshman season while helping PSU earn a spot in the NCAA tournament for the first time in school history.
"There were some ups and downs. I had a pretty good year," he said. "It was nice to get a taste of college hockey. Our team had a good season. We made our first NCAA experience. We fell a little short. Hopefully, next year we can take it all the way."
Perhaps Pavlychev's biggest on-ice adjustment came in not relying on his reach. With his incredible size it was easy for Pavlychev to use his long reach to take away space from opponents, but it also led to him being flatfooted much of the time and taking penalties.
Once Pavlychev learned to keep his feet moving he was rewarded by head coach Guy Gadowsky.
"I was reaching a lot and not moving my feet, which is unacceptable, especially in the offensive zone," Pavlychev said. "Coach Gadowsky had a word with me. I believe that I proved to myself and everyone else that I can do just as well without reaching, just moving my feet and getting pucks back. As soon as that started happening, coach gave me a lot more ice time."
Pavlychev's career has been linked to the state of Pennsylvania. He began his bantam career with the Wilkes-Barre Knights in 2011. He is currently attending Penn State. After his college career Pavlychev will likely come full circle by joining the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins.
And, he hopes, it will all someday end up in Pittsburgh.
"Pennsylvania is one of my favorite states," he said. "I don't know what it is. I just love everything about it. It's really awesome to be here and in the Penguins organization."
In a setback for educators and orchestras, the Supreme Court this morning ruled that Congress can place works under copyright that were once free for everyone to use.
In a 6-2 ruling, the Court rejected a symphony conductor's claim that it was a violation of the First Amendment and an illegal taking for Congress to give retroactive copyright protection to Prokofiev and other foreign composers whose works have been freely available for decades.
Advertisement
Congress decided to extend copyright to the composers and many other long-dead foreign artists as part of international trade negotiations in the 1990s.
The result was that people wishing to use works like Astrid Lindgen's Pippi Longstocking and Jean-Luc Godard's À Bout du Souffle must now pay royalties.
The conductor, Lawrence Golan, led artistic groups and a strange bed-fellows coalition of the ACLU and the Cato Institute in a challenge to the law.
The majority opinion, written by Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, echoed an earlier Ginsburg opinion from 2002 2003 which upheld Congress' decision to retroactively extend copyright terms by 20 years:
Ruling that Congress acted within constitutional bounds, we declined to infer from the text of the Copyright Clause “the command that a time prescription, once set, becomes forever ‘fixed' or ‘inalterable.'” Id., at 199. “The word ‘limited,' ” we observed, “does not convey a meaning so constricted.” […] The construction petitioners tender closely resembles the definition rejected in Eldred and is similarly infirm.
The majority went on to add that Congress has extended copyright protection to public domain works on other occasions and stated that the First Amendment was not an issue, in part because “Peter and the Wolf” and other works were available in the marketplace. It concluded by stating that copyright terms are a political decision for Congress to make:
Congress determined that U. S. interests were bestserved by our full participation in the dominant system of international copyright protection. Those interests include ensuring exemplary compliance with our international obligations, securing greater protection for U. S. authors abroad, and remedying unequal treatment of foreign authors. The judgment §514 expresses lies well within the ken of the political branches.
In an unusual conservative-liberal pairing, Justices Stephen Breyer and Samuel Alito joined in dissent. After providing an historical overview of copyright in the United States, Breyer wrote that the purpose of the law is intended to provide incentives not recognize European ideas of “natural rights.” He stated that the recent law is unconstitutional because it does not provide any incentive to create new works:
But does the Clause empower Congress to enact a statute that withdraws works from the publicdomain, brings about higher prices and costs, and in doing so seriously restricts dissemination, particularly to those who need it for scholarly, educational, or cultural pur- poses-all without providing any additional incentive for the production of new material? That is the questionbefore us. And, as I have said, I believe the answer is no.
For most of the 20th century, copyright in the United States lasted for a renewable 28 year term for a total of 56 years. In recent years, it has since been extended to the life of an author plus 70 years, meaning that a novel written by a young author today is likely not to enter the public domain for more than a century.
A PDF copy of the Court's decision in Golan v. Holder can be found here.
After last weekend's Presidents Day funk that saw four-day ticket sales of $179.7 million, off 35% from 2016's holiday record, the box office will continue to rest before its spring awakening March 3. That's when 20th Century Fox's R-Rated Wolverine threequel Logan comes to conquer.
What we potentially have again this weekend is another low-cost Universal/Blumhouse genre title, Get Out, busting out over a sleepy period with an estimated $20M-$25M opening at 2,773 theaters. Uni has Got Out lower in the high-teens, but many think it's bound to scare more people into seats. It's bound to be a case of déjà vu for Uni/Blumhouse after its thrifty, $9M-budgeted Split rallied a $40M opening stateside last month on its way to a $200M global gross. Get Out is also cheap, with a production cost less than $5M. Ever since Uni and Blumhouse sneaked this title at the Sundance Film Festival last month, there's been a big response from fans and critics, the latter of which currently have it at 100% on Rotten Tomatoes from 32 reviews. Previews begin on Thursday at 7 PM.
Get Out marks the feature directorial debut of Emmy-winner Jordan Peele, and it centers on what happens when a young African American man (Daniel Kaluuya) visits his Caucasian girlfriend's (Girls' Allison Williams) absurdist family and sheer terror ensues. Peele also wrote, with QC Entertainment producing.
Warner Bros Pictures; Universal Pictures; Summit Entertainment
Should Get Out come in at the high teens, it might have to settle for second behind Warner Bros' The Lego Batman Movie, which will decline around 50% for a third weekend in the $16M-$18M range. Through yesterday, the Chris McKay-directed movie counts $110.3M. Fifty Shades Darker, also from Uni, is expected to be off 50% in its third outing with $10M. This weekend, the James Foley-directed movie will become the fifth to cross $100M in 2017 after Split ($125.7M), Lego Batman, Hidden Figures ($145.4M) and La La Land ($135.2M). Among the year's new releases, Darker is the third to click past the century mark.
Lionsgate/Summit's John Wick: Chapter 2 will continue to sleep its way to bigger numbers with a third weekend off between 40%-45%, giving it $8.9M-$9.7M. Domestic cume for the Keanu Reeves movie stands at $63M through Tuesday. Universal/Legendary's The Great Wall is expected to slide 60% in its second weekend with $7.4M. As of yesterday, the Matt Damon movie directed by Zhang Yimou totals $23.4M through five days.
In all, it's another weekend where holdovers largely rule the top 10. After Get Out, new entries Lionsgate's Rock Dog and Open Road/IM Global's Collide aren't expected to wow. Rock Dog, like recent Lionsgate toon pickup Norm Of The North ($6.8M opening, $17M domestic), is only expected to make between $6M-$7M.
Collide is a Euro-based action title starring Nicholas Hoult, Felicity Jones, Anthony Hopkins and Ben Kingsley. Hoult plays Casey Stein, a guy who is left with precious cargo belonging to Hopkins' kingpin Hagen after a heist goes south. Stein is pursued by Hagen's forces across the high-speed Cologne Autobahn, and the heist driver is forced to dial a friend for help: drug smuggler Geran (Kingsley). After German soft money, pic's net production cost remains at an estimated $21.5M. That figure is substantially covered by international sales and IM Global's output deals. Open Road is handling domestic after IM Global was able to pry the film away from Relativity when it was in the throes of bankruptcy. Collide is booked at 2,045 venues, and is projected to make between $3M-$4M. Thursday previews start at 7 PM.
This cross-sectional study was conducted among 12-year-old school children of Madhya Pradesh state, India. The children were selected from low (< 1.5 parts per million) and high (≥1.5 parts per million) fluoride areas. A questionnaire was used to collect information on the children's personal characteristics, residential history, medical history, educational level of the head of the family, and socioeconomic status of the family. Levels of lead, arsenic, and iodine in the urine and the levels of fluoride in the water and urine were analyzed. The children's intelligence was measured using Raven's Standard Progressive Matrices. Data analysis was done using the chi-square, one way analysis of variance, simple linear regression, and multiple linear regression tests. P value <0.05 was considered statistically significant.
The majority of studies that show a correlation between a lower Intelligence Quotient (IQ) and elevated fluoride intake are from China. To the best of our knowledge, there is only one piece of literature[ 9 ] published from the Indian subcontinent, which shows that fluoride exposure has an effect on the intellectual function of children. Many of the published studies have methodological limitations, like no consideration for the effect of lead, arsenic, iodine deficiency, socioeconomic status (SES) or nutritional status of the children.
Fluoride is known to have both beneficial and adverse effects on humans.[ 1 ] Introduction of systemic and topical fluorides into the prevention and control of dental caries denotes the most significant issue in dentistry. Fluorides have brought a considerable decline in the prevalence of dental caries, especially in countries with advanced economies.[ 2 ] However, in the 1980s it was established that fluoride controls caries mainly through its topical effect.[ 3 ] Drinking water is usually, but not always, the main source of fluoride.[ 1 ] Elevated concentration of naturally occurring fluoride in drinking water is a worldwide problem. Many Asian countries including India have reported a concentration of fluoride exceeding the World Health Organization (WHO) guidelines values or their prevailing national standards.[ 4 ] Sixty million Indians are living in about 200 districts of 20 states in endemic areas of fluorosis.[ 5 ] Dental and skeletal effects associated with fluoride, in humans, are well documented.[ 4 , 5 ] Also, the existing literature reports the neurological consequences associated with exposure to fluoride. In children, most reported effects are on the cognitive capacities, particularly intelligence reduction.[ 4 , 6 – 11 ] On the other hand studies conducted by Hu et al.[ 8 ] and Spittle et al.[ 12 ] have not found any trend or correlation between fluoride and the intelligence of children.
A questionnaire, completed with the assistance of parents, was used to collect information on the personal characteristics (age, sex, height, weight), residential history, medical history, including illness affecting the nervous system and head trauma, educational level of the head of the family (in years), and SES of the family. The SES was recorded according to the Pareek and Trivedi classification.[ 15 ] The Pareek and Trivedi scale graded the SES into three categories; (1) Low (2) Middle, and (3) High.
On the basis of the report, 120 school children of the villages of Karera Block, Shivpuri district, Madhya Pradesh state, India, were included in the high fluoride group (water fluoride level ≥1.5 PPM). Children of this group were further sub-divided into the following three groups, after fluoride analysis of their drinking water; (1) 1.5 – 3.0 PPM (n=39), (2) 3.1 – 4.5 PPM (n=43), and (3) >4.5 PPM (n=38). Fifty school children from Parwaliya village, Bhopal district, Madhya Pradesh state, India, were included in the low fluoride group (water fluoride level <1.5 ppm). The selected villages were similar in population and general demographic characteristics. The selected children were from government schools and were in the fifth or sixth class.
Prior to the study, a detailed study protocol was submitted to the Ethics Committee of the Institution. After obtaining the ethical approval, a pilot study was conducted in high and low fluoride areas. Based on the results of a pilot study, to achieve a 5% level of significance and 80% power, the sample size for the present study was calculated using Power and Precision v. 4 (Biostat Inc., Englewood, USA).
The mean intelligence grades of the children with different levels of water fluoride are presented in . The lowest mean grade was observed with water fluoride level <1.5 PPM. The highest mean grade (the worst intelligence) was observed with water fluoride level >4.5 PPM. The differences for intelligence grades were statistically significant between the four groups (ANOVA=22.130, P 0.000). shows simple linear regression analysis, with urinary fluoride as a dependent variable. There was a statistically significant relationship of the water fluoride level with the urinary fluoride level (R=0.995, R 2 =0.991, ANOVA=17897.210, P 0.000). When simple linear regression analysis was performed, with intelligence grades as the dependent variable, a significant relationship of intelligence grades was observed with the water fluoride level [ , R=0.534, R 2 =0.286, ANOVA=67.14, P 0.000] and urinary fluoride level [ , R=0.542, R 2 =0.294, ANOVA=69.94, P 0.000]. However, in stepwise multiple linear regression analysis the only significant independent variable was urinary fluoride [ ].
The sociodemographic characteristics of the children, with different levels of water fluoride, are presented in . There were almost an equal number of boys and girls in each group. The SES was between middle and high. Mean years of education of the head of the family were seven. Height for age ratio and weight for height ratio revealed that most of them were in the mild to moderately impaired category. No statistically significant differences were observed in the participant's gender proportion, SES, education of the head of the family, height for age ratio, or weight for height ratio.
Discussion
This study indicates that exposure to fluoride is associated with reduced intelligence in children. We have found a significant inverse relationship between intelligence and the water fluoride level, and intelligence and the urinary fluoride level. After adjusting for confounders, urinary fluoride was the significant predictor for intelligence. The kidneys are the principal organs for the excretion of fluoride. Fluoride in urine is a better indicator for exposure compared to water, as it integrates all the sources.[4,19] Therefore, the degree of exposure to fluoride in the present study has been checked by analyzing the urinary fluoride level.
The impact of fluoride on intelligence has been reported by a number of studies. Many of them have several shortcomings, like the lack of adjustment for confounders, no biological markers, no quantification for other neurotoxic pollutants, and so on. Despite all of that, these studies suggest that fluoride negatively impacts intelligence.[4,6–11]
Studies have shown that exposure to lead and arsenic has been associated with a decline in intellectual function in children.[4,10] Also, the education level of parents, SES of the family,[4,6–8] nutrition,[20,21] and iodine deficiency[7,9] affect the intellectual ability of children. Therefore, these factors were considered in the present study. In the present study lead and arsenic in urine were within the documented safe zone (Normal human levels — lead ≤80 μg/l,[22,23] arsenic ≤100 μg/l[24,25] ). Moreover, differences in the urinary lead and arsenic levels of children with different levels of water fluoride were not significant. These findings indicated that the observed deficits in intelligence could not be attributed to lead and arsenic exposure. Data from previous studies could lend support to the hypothesis that interaction between fluoride, lead, and arsenic could worsen the children's intelligence grades,[4] and thus, indicate a need for further investigation. In a low iodine area, impairment of intelligence could occur through the development of hypothyroidism or clinical/subclinical cretinism.[7] In our study, we could not find a significant difference in the urinary iodine levels of children with different levels of water fluoride. Also, as per the WHO criteria, the iodine status of all the children was ‘Adequate' (>100 μg/l).[26,27] Numerous studies in animal and human models demonstrated that suboptimal nutrition in early life affects the cognitive performance.[20,21] However, in present study, indices for chronic and acute malnutrition failed to show any relationship with intelligence. Studies conducted by Lu et al.[7] and Xiang et al.[8] showed that the relationship of the SES of the family and the parents' education level, with the children's IQ, was not significant. These finding were consistent with the findings in the present study. However, Zaho et al. stated that the children's IQ increased with parents education level.[6] In a Mexican study by Rocha-Amador et al., after adjusting for confounders (blood lead, SES, mothers' education, nutritional status), the fluoride in urine was associated with reduced IQ scores.[4] In a meta analysis Tang et al. concluded that children who lived in an endemic fluoride area had five times higher odds of developing low IQ than those who lived in a non-fluoride area.[11]
It is very well established that fluoride can penetrate the blood brain barrier.[6–9,11,28] Also, it can pass through the placenta to the fetus,[6–9,11,29] and with subsequent continuous exposure to fluoride during childhood, it may have adverse effects on the developing brain, thereby causing decreased intelligence in children.[6–9,11] The biomechanism of the action of fluoride in reducing intelligence is still not clear. However, there is evidence that it may involve the alteration of the membrane lipid and cause a reduction in the cholinesterase activity in the brain. This may lead to altered utilization of acetylcholine, affecting the transmission of nerve impulses in the brain tissue.[30–32] NaF has been found to alter the levels of dopamine, serotonin, 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid, homovanille acid, norepinephrine, and epinephrine, in the hippocampus and neocortex regions of the rat brain.[33] Yu et al. demonstrated changes in neurotransmitters and their receptors in the fetal brain from the endemic fluorosis area.[7] Thyroid hormones play an important role in the development of the brain. In a study, Susheela et al. found that elevated fluoride uptake may cause iodine deficiency in fluorotic individuals, even when they reside in non-iodine deficient areas.[34]
Limitations: In this cross-sectional study, we have analyzed the fluoride in urine, a biomarker of recent exposure. We have not analyzed for historical markers such as dental fluorosis. We assume that the exposure scenario has not changed over time and current exposure to fluoride in drinking water can be used as a proxy for past exposure. We have analyzed a single morning urine sample, instead of a 24-hour urine sample. However, the studies of Villa et al.[35] and Opydo-Szymaczek and Borysewicz-Lewicka[36] reveal that there is a close relationship between the concentration of fluoride in the first morning sample and in the 24-hour specimen. Children's intelligence can be influenced by inheritance. Children in our study groups attend school and are therefore exposed to different levels of fluoride, while not at home. Although the children who had changed their water source since birth were excluded in the present study, we could not completely exclude the influence of recall bias. Moreover, fluoride level in a particular water source may change over a period of years. Therefore, we emphasize the need for a more careful evaluation of the effect of fluoride on intelligence.
In conclusion, data from this research supports that children exposed to fluoride are at risk for impaired development of intelligence. Millions of children around the world are exposed to high concentration of fluoride in water, and are therefore, potentially at risk. For the benefit of the upcoming generations, urgent attention needs to be focused on this substantial public health problem.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R) said on Monday that his immigration plan will not include a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, backing off his previous support for a policy that pro-reform activists consider a centerpiece of comprehensive reform.In an interview on the Today show, NBC's Matt Lauer host said Bush's upcoming book, “Immigration Wars: Forging an American Solution,” appeared to “fall short” of offering eventual citizenship to the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in America today. Bush replied that Lauer was correct.
“Our proposal is a proposal that looks forward,” Bush said, “and if we want to create an immigration policy that's going to work we can't continue to make illegal immigration an easier path than legal immigration. I think it's important that there is a natural friction between our immigrant heritage and the rule of law. This is the right place, I think, to be in that sense.”
Bush added that “if we're not going to apply the law fairly and consistently then we're going to have another wave of illegal immigrants coming in the country.”
His latest statement appears to be a shift from as recently as last year, when he told Charlie Rose in a June 2012 interview that he backed a path to citizenship, but would tolerate a lesser legal status for undocumented immigrants if necessary.
“You have to deal with this issue. You can't ignore it,” Bush said at the time. “And so, either a path to citizenship, which I would support and that does put me probably out of the mainstream of most conservatives; Or a path to legalization, a path to residency of some kind, which now hopefully will become — I would accept that in a heartbeat as well if that's the path to get us to where we need to be which is on a positive basis using immigration to create sustained growth.”
Bush's co-author, Goldwater Institute director Clint Bolick, is also on the record backing a path to citizenship, writing in 2007 that such a policy was a critical prerequisite to bringing Latino voters to the GOP.
For years, the former Florida governor has been a vocal advocate for immigration reform, even while his party shifted rightward, culminating in Mitt Romney's uber-hawkish “self-deportation” position in the 2012 presidential campaign. But Bush's latest comments suggest that as party leaders begin to ease to the left, they may overtake his position along the way.
Bush's full proposal isn't out until Tuesday, when his new book hits shelves, so it's difficult to tell how much of his stance is just red meat rhetoric (other politicians who oppose a “path to citizenship” have been known to support some equivalent by another name). But assuming Bush is an actual hard “no” on citizenship, the implications could be dangerous for reform.
On the political front, Bush — a potential presidential candidate in 2016 — could pressure other likely hopefuls on their right flank, making them more nervous about backing congressional efforts to pass reform. Fellow Floridian, Sen. Marco Rubio (R), who is working on a bipartisan bill with a path to citizenship, is the most threatened in this scenario, but other prominent 2016ers, like House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI) and Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R), who have indicated a willingness to consider citizenship could also be affected.
Matt Ridley (YouTube)
A British author who angered Christians when he compared their religion to a virus has found an even more virulent analogy to explain how the faith spread throughout Europe.
Science writer Matt Ridley explained that Christianity spread across Europe and established a “monopoly religion” in much the same way that Starbucks — perhaps the only thing more contagious than infectious disease — has conquered the global coffee market, reported the Daily Mail.
“Religions are a good example of things that have taken a very specific form but have a sort of inevitability,” explained Ridley, a Conservative member of the House of Lords.
He examined his theory, which he explores in his most recent book, The Evolution of Everything: How Ideas Emerge, that history's most successful trends came from the “bottom up” during this week's Chalke Valley History Festival.
“We give far too much importance to individuals in history – that is my claim and that is a pretty big claim,” said Ridley, who believes humans share a sort of “collective brain.”
Ridley argued that any of the “many little cults” that existed in the Roman Empire might have become Europe's dominant belief system, but only Christianity thrived in that way.
“The notion that the Roman Empire was ripe for a monopoly religion to take it over at around the time of Christ is probably an inevitable one,” he said. “There were a huge number of different religions in the empire, and the chances were that one of them would ‘do a Starbucks,' and become ubiquitous, monopolistic and eventually intolerant and kick the other ones out.”
He explained that a mystic from Cappadocia was far better known and more widely followed than Christ in the first century A.D., but Christianity was ultimately more successful.
“It's a bit like Google,” he said. “Maybe other companies were just as good at inventing search engines, but Google just happened to scoop the pool.”
Watch Ridley discuss his book in a video posted online by Talks by Google:
A cannonball fired by the British during the Battle of the Plains of Abraham in 1759 has been unearthed at a building site in Old Quebec.
The rusted, 90-kilogram projectile was unearthed during excavation work last week at the corner of Hamel and Couillard streets and still contained a charge and gunpowder.
The work crew that found the ball picked it up and gathered around it for photographs, unaware that it was still potentially explosive.
Municipal authorities were contacted, and archeologist Serge Rouleau was called in.
Rouleau brought the cannonball back to his home, and noticed it still contained a charge.
A team of army munitions technicians was dispatched from CFB Valcartier to collect the ball and neutralize it.
"With time, humidity got into its interior and reduced its potential for exploding, but there's still a danger," said Master Warrant Officer Sylvain Trudel, a senior munitions technician.
The cannonball is from Britain and was fired at Quebec City from Lévis, across the St. Lawrence River. (Facebook/Lafontaine Inc) Trudel said such balls were meant to set fire to the buildings they penetrated.
"The ball would break and the powder would ignite, setting fire to the building."
Trudel's team removed the cannonball to a safe site, where it will either be rendered harmless or destroyed if there's no other choice.
"Old munitions like this are hard to predict," Trudel said. "You never know to what point the chemicals inside have degraded."
Master Warrant Officer Sylvain Trudel points to the hole in the cannonball where the fuse was placed. (Marie France Poulin/CFB Valcartier) If it can be saved, the relic will be sent to a museum for display.
At the Battle of the Plains of Abraham in 1759, British forces defeated the French and seized control of Quebec City, setting the stage for their eventual conquest of Canada.
The brief battle cost the lives of the British General James Wolfe and the French commander, Gen. Louis-Joseph, Marquis de Montcalm.
It's believed the ball was fired at Quebec City from Lévis, across the St. Lawrence River.
“Inactivity: Helping Starts with Knowing Why,” Ensign, Oct. 1975, 35
What Latter-day Saint has not thrilled to the deeply moving story of someone's baptism into the Church, or felt the dynamism and strength each new convert brings? Yet there are hundreds of thousands who, though baptized, are not converted﻿—who over the years have removed themselves from the gospel's exalting power.
They may have been blessed, baptized, confirmed, ordained, and even endowed; but they constitute a group that wanders forty years in the wilderness and falls short of the promised land. These people never feel the saving strengths of the Church because they missed the way or, for any number of other reasons, exercised their agency in another direction.
We have an obligation to these wanderers. The Savior gave us the example of the good Samaritan, the prodigal son, the lost sheep, and, in this dispensation, admonishes: “Let every man esteem his brother as himself.” (D&C 38:24.) The challenge is clear and lies heavily upon us.
We should talk about an inactive member of the Church as if he were in the next room﻿—because that is precisely where he is. Who among us does not painfully wish that someone would touch the heart and life of a loved one who has withdrawn from Church activity?
That healing touch is actually a process﻿—both external and internal. I would like to focus on the power and responsibility of the priesthood home teacher and the Relief Society visiting teacher in this process. This does not mean that the family's role is less important, but sometimes the family is simply too close; and an outside influence can be vital if the home or visiting teacher has built a relationship of trust and confidence for those times when personal crises may precipitate change.
We must dispel the idea that the home or visiting teacher is a message bringer, or even a skilled teacher. In reality they are home guardians. It is this person who, with patient concern, creates the climate where he can ask the crucial question: Why is this person inactive? He may need the spirit of discernment to distinguish between the alleged and the real cause of inactivity; he will need the Lord's help as he instills hope and helps his brother set a course of return. A visiting teacher has the same role.
How may they do this?
1. The home teacher presents himself, not as a model of perfection, but as a source of help.
2. He helps his brother pinpoint the difficulty and frankly teaches him the need for activity in the Church. He tells of the Church's need for every individual and how essentially each person is to the perfection of the Lord's plan of salvation.
3. Fully aware that involvement brings self-confidence and commitment, he explores with the quorum or Relief Society presidency ways in which the inactive member can assume appropriate responsibilities.
4. He mobilizes the fellowshipping resources of the quorum or Relief Society to make the inactive member feel at home at church and around Church members.
5. To instill hope, the home teacher encourages goal setting. He meets the inactive member at the gate in the morning, bolstering his courage to set aside tobacco for another day. He shares his personal testimony that a toehold on self-mastery is within reach.
6. He is a model of patience, recognizing that change is gradual. For over twenty years, one Church member yearned for the activation of a friend. Prayer, fasting, and loving tact met at a successful moment.
7. Continued fellowshipping after activation is the joyous reward and continued responsibility of the visiting or home teacher.
How can you tell the right moment to approach the subject of reactivation? The Holy Ghost, as always, is the most infallible guide; but be aware that a sudden turn of events﻿—business failure, illness, even death﻿—may provide the catalyst for change within a person. Alert home teachers or loved ones can provide loving support and encourage introspection during such experiences.
Sometimes, apparently for no reason, the feeling that life is bleakly unfulfilling may prompt serious self-evaluation and, usually, at least a temporary resolution to change. For instance, a young inactive husband awakened his wife in the early morning hours after a dream of standing in front of the temple with her. It made him want to marry her there. Learning of this resolution, a dedicated home teacher helped them reach their goal.
None of the steps in this process are easy, but one is particularly sensitive and crucial: understanding the reason for inactivity. It may help to review some common reasons, for an alleged cause of inactivity may not be the real cause. For example, the inactive brother or sister may say that a Church leader hurt his feelings, when the real reason might lie in a gradually acquired habit of smoking or gossiping.
Inactivity often follows as a consequence of such unrepented transgressions as pride, theft, or adultery. Carried to a certain point, sin becomes tragically easier than righteousness. Someone who wants to “live it up” while he is young may sincerely insist that he'll come back when he's older, ignoring the likelihood that when he's far down the road he may not have enough fuel and determination to return.
Then, too, many inactive members have never seen the eternal view of man's existence, and thus overvalue immediate pleasures. Moreover, they may not have felt or recognized spiritual experiences in their own lives. How inspiring a home teacher or visiting teacher could be if he would share his own experience and find ways to invite spirituality. A home teacher could, for instance, encourage an inactive father to bless his sick children. The importance of fulfilling this spiritual lack cannot be overemphasized. Until spiritual experience seals one's testimony, he remains “baptized but not converted.”
Some who do catch the eternal vision may let other things distract their attention. Weekend recreation or even extra work may take their toll. One of the oddest excuses for taking a Sunday family outing is the Church's increasing emphasis upon family togetherness!
Others feel “entitled” to inactivity because they have served diligently for years and now feel they may “rest.” Even those who may not have the physical strength of their former years obviously have numerous ways of rendering light but useful service to the Church that will continually feed their relationship with their Heavenly Father. Proper balance is essential for the new convert as well, who may feel overwhelmed at being given more invitations for service than he can successfully accept.
Many have been offended or felt misunderstood. One youth, when asked to wear a necktie while passing the sacrament, interpreted the request as an insult. Even a bishop's well-meant suggestion that a person refrain from going to the temple until his life could be set in order might be offensive to the oversensitive.
But the inactive brother's sensitivities are, sadly, often reinforced by unforgiving active members, who refuse to let the principle of repentance operate in another person's life, thus driving him deeper into inactivity. They see reactivation as hypocrisy: “I knew the oak tree before it was converted into an altar.”
Others are inactive because they remember hearing the gospel preached in their homes but never saw it practiced. They may resent having had religion “crammed down their throats” and, trying to spare their children the same negative experience, overreact. The result is an irreligious home.
Also among us are those who try to intellectualize the religious experience. They enjoy the ideas in the gospel, but their commitment stops with leading “a Christian life.” They forget that at the core of religion lie symbols, ordinances, and the incommunicable process of personal revelation.
A common variation of intellectualizing is the tendency to regard oneself as a doctrinal authority. Knowledge is not an unworthy aspiration; but taken alone, it obscures the fact that practice as well as knowledge forms the heart of religion. Such persons are usually paragons of pride, closed, and unteachable. Some conclude that living the gospel commandments literally is for the weak and insecure. Such persons forget that Christ himself was most obedient among our Father's sons.
Many inactive members lack self-confidence and for that reason do not participate in Church-related programs. They may be sensitive about their education, appearance, income, or wardrobe. One woman, attending church for the first time with dentures, was dreadfully embarrassed when her own sister exclaimed, “You really look buck-toothed.” One man told his younger brother that he looked silly standing before a congregation perspiring nervously. For years, no one knew the actual causes of their inactivity in the Church until a trusted home teacher was concerned enough to ask.
Many live in areas where the Church is not well established and is even less understood. Intense family and social pressures may strain their convictions and religious practice.
Because of our doctrinal emphasis upon marriage, family, and home, some never-married or divorced members may become dejected and feel excluded, despite Special Interest programs geared to meet the needs of the single adult, the divorcee, and the widowed in the Church.
Subtle cultural differences may make continued activity difficult. For instance, our theology stresses self-mastery, personal success, and financial independence. Such qualities are not stressed in all homes and areas of the world. To expect new members to acquire these characteristics in a short time is unfair and disastrous. Thrift, cleanliness, work, and child-rearing skills must be learned through methodical effort as well as faith, fasting, and prayer.
Just as men become evil and fall by degrees so do they become righteous and succeed by degrees. Unless we help our brothers and sisters over the hurdles of personal and material improvement, they may never reach the spiritual hurdles. Here again, nothing can replace sincere concern and effort by home and visiting teachers.
In sum, living the gospel of Jesus Christ, by nature of its great promises, requires uncommon devotion and willingness to take the high risk of living by faith. As a home or visiting teacher, you may not know that fear of making an ultimate commitment. Perhaps none of these reasons for inactivity could be a cause for your own inactivity﻿—and it is true that faithful living may put us in a position where we feel that no one or nothing could make us leave the Church. But, unfortunately, none of us can be sure that we are not even now doing or saying something that may confuse or hurt a weaker member, excluding him from the circle of fuller activity.
This loving concern is the responsibility of each of us, as family members and as brothers and sisters in the gospel. But it is the special charge of every home and visiting teacher to ascertain the reasons for another's inactivity, to encourage, inspire, and then prayerfully bring back the wanderer in the wilderness﻿—our brother.
Looking for a cool haircut to go with your beard?
Take a look at these cool haircuts by Barber Brian Burt that work perfectly with a beard.
Haircut + Beard #1
The Cut – Pompadour or Side Part Pomp, Shadow Fade, with a round neck line.
Suitable Hair Type – Most any hair type will work with this haircut. Hair needs at least 4 inches in front section to gain height.
The Style – Using a hairdryer and comb (or a brush or vended brush to gain a more full look or add volume). comb hair in to place, find natural part in hair and start pomping up the front section (bangs, fringe) in a upward direction.
Products – Model has ADH dry for a wet look use Layrite Official Pomade.
Haircut + Beard #2
The Cut – Skinfade Undercut, Hard part
Suitable Hair Type – Most hair types, but hair needs to have a lot of length (at least 6 inches) for hair to lay back into place.
The Style – Comb hair back ( use brush and hairdryer for volume) find the part that barber or stylist has etched in and comb over to expose the “hardpart”
Products – Model has Layrite official pomade, Beard was blown dry and combed in place and has Been You Bear Face Beard Oil
Haircut + Beard #3
The Cut – Pompadour or Side Part Pomp, Shadow fade, with a tapered neck
Suitable Hair Type – Most hair types Hair needs at least 4 inches in front section to gain height. ( the bangs or fringe hang just past the eye level if combed down)
The Style – Using a hairdryer and comb ( or a brush or vented brush to gain a more full look or to add volume). Comb hair into place find natural part and start pomping up the front section (bangs,fringe) in a upward direction.
Products – Model has Layrite Official Pomade, Beard was blown dry and combed into place and has been finished with Are you Bear Face beard Oil.
Follow Barber Brian Burt on Instagram and check out our barber section for more cool haircuts and hairstyles.
With the date approaching for Gov. Bill Walker to decide if the state of Alaska will pursue an appeal against the decision in Akiachak v. Department of Interior, we need to understand what the case is about and what would result if the decision were to be overturned.
The Akiachak case, involving four Alaska tribes and one individual Native, was brought to court to challenge an "Alaska exception" in the Code of Federal Regulations. (25 C.F.R. § 151.1). Language in the code excluded tribes in Alaska, except for the Metlakatla Indian Community, from petitioning the secretary of the interior to take fee lands owned by tribes or Native individuals into trust on their behalf. The March 2013 decision held that the exception was discriminatory and therefore illegal. The DOI has published a new rule that removes the Alaska exception, but is enjoined from approving Alaska petitions pending the outcome of an appeal by the state of Alaska.
Here are some facts and fictions about the Akiachak decision:
Akiachak will result in large swaths of "Indian Country" throughout Alaska: False. The Akiachak decision does one thing; it ends discrimination and allows Alaska tribes and individual Natives to petition DOI to have fee lands they own be taken into trust. Tribes in Alaska own around 6 million acres of fee land, much of it in small parcels. The petitions are discretionary; DOI is not required to approve them. Even if all the tribally owned fee lands were taken into trust, this would result in just a tiny portion of Alaska's 375 million acres earning the designation of Indian Country in mostly small parcels dispersed throughout the state.
"Indian Country" is something to be afraid of: False. Indian Country is well established in many other states. Indian Country is legal terminology used to describe one or more of the following:
• all land within the limits of any Indian reservation under the jurisdiction of the United States government, notwithstanding the issuance of any patent, and, including rights of way running through the reservation;
• all dependent Indian communities within the borders of the United States, whether within the original or subsequently acquired territory thereof, and whether within or without the limits of a state, and
• all Indian allotments, the Indian titles to which have not been extinguished, including rights of way running through the same. (18 U.S. Code § 1151).
It provides Indian tribes with established jurisdiction over land that allows them to govern properly, doing such things as providing effective law enforcement, establishing functional judiciaries, enforcing planning and zoning regulation, managing natural resources and raising revenue via taxation -- in other words, all the normal and expected functions of government. Tribal and state governments develop partnerships in the same way that states partner with neighboring state and local governments do, working together for mutual benefit.
Akiachak will force Alaska Natives onto reservations: False. Tribal trust lands are held in trust by the United States government for the use of a tribe. Tribes already own the lands they are submitting petitions for; they are not asking the government to reserve other land for them. The process is entirely voluntary; tribes that don't want Indian Country won't submit petitions.
Tribes will rush to place land into trust: False. Not all Alaska tribes own fee land and some that do may have good reasons for not wanting to place that land into trust. Trust status is not a cure-all and won't work for everyone. Like land owned in fee, trust lands have both advantages and disadvantages; each tribe will need to weigh these before submitting a petition.
Trust lands will provide financial opportunities for tribes: True. Lands held in trust status allow tribes to take advantage of federal programs restricted to trust lands, such as opportunities for business development, housing, court systems, and environmental and cultural protection.
All petitions will be approved: False. Successful petitions must include the purposes for which the tribe is requesting trust status. These must fall into at least one of three categories: (1) to facilitate tribal self-determination through governmental offices, health care and public services; (2) for economic development such as an industrial park or a shopping mall, and (3) for Indian housing. A petition that fails to satisfy at least one of these requirements is unlikely to succeed.
Trust lands will result in proliferation of casinos: False. While gaming is a form of economic development, it is governed separately; a successful lands-into-trust application does not mean that gaming can then take place. Limited Class II Indian gaming exists in Alaska but tribes cannot engage in Class III gaming, because the state does not allow it. If the state did allow some form of casino gambling, then a tribe would need to enter into a compact with the state to open a casino.
Trust lands will remove land from state and local tax rolls: True, if the property was previously taxed. Indian tribes with trust lands receive the same level of consideration as other government bodies in the United States. Federal, state and local governments don't pay property tax because the land is owned for the benefit of their constituents. An Alaska tribe placing property it owned within a taxing jurisdiction into trust would see it removed from the tax rolls. This could only happen if that property met the criteria for taking lands into trust. Property that a tribe had acquired for investment purposes would be an unlikely choice for a petition. Much of the land owned by tribes is not currently subject to taxation, so placing it into trust would not change state revenues.
Akiachak will "dismantle" the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA): False. Akiachak includes no provisions requiring ANCSA corporations to transfer lands to tribes. Any such conveyance would be voluntary and would require agreement between the two entities.
ANCSA corporations will stop paying shareholder dividends if tribes place lands into trust: False. The money that ANCs used to pay dividends comes from profits earned from business activities. It has nothing to do with tribally owned fee lands. Even if an ANCSA corporation were to convey some land to a tribe, it could retain the rights to develop the subsurface resources, thus retaining the ability to generate revenue from the land for dividends.
Trust lands will help tribes combat violence and abuse in their communities: True. Two of the four tribal plaintiffs in Akiachak wanted to take land into trust to help with enforcement of alcohol bans. (The other two wanted to protect land for future use by members.) In a July 24 Alaska Dispatch News commentary, Liz Medicine Crow and Troy Eid spelled out just how bad the public safety situation is in rural Alaska and spoke in favor of dropping the appeal. The state has been unable to provide even the most basic law enforcement in many of Alaska's Native communities. With trust lands, tribes can actually do something to change this!
The state of Alaska will suffer if tribes take land into trust: False. The case came to court because safety and other concerns exist throughout Alaska's Native communities. The taking of land into trust by tribes would be a small step towards a remedy that would benefit all Alaskans. Appealing the decision will further damage state and tribal relations and will incur huge expense for the state. The issues that brought the case to court will remain if the suit fails and will come back to court again until they are finally resolved. Ignoring the needs of tribes will not make them go away.
Gov. Walker has been making real efforts to improve the state and tribal relationship. We should encourage him to drop the appeal and join with tribes and work in partnership to support any and all efforts they are undertaking to make their communities safer places to live.
Jenny Bell-Jones teaches indigenous law at the University of Alaska Fairbanks. She holds a master's degree in rural development. This commentary is her opinion alone and not that of the university.
What do you know about Pokémon Go, a game where you gotta catch them all?
Follow https://twitter.com/A2PoGOBot for automated sightings of less common mons
Follow @A2_POKeWATCH for in-game intelligence and banter, brought to you by the Ann Arbor District Library.
MLive story: Where to find Pokémon Go gyms in Ann Arbor, July 11, 2016
Ypsi Real story: How to Have Fun While Playing Pokémon Go in the Ann Arbor-Ypsilanti Area with good coverage of gyms outside of Ann Arbor proper.
Gyms
Big City Bakery, Miller Ave at Spring Street; the Pet Stegosaurus
Wizard Statue outside Van Winkle Mattress Company, 907 North Main near Depot St.
WCC has 4 gyms:
Gateless Gateway In front of Student Center
Fossiliferous Limestone Erratic Behind LA Building
Dr. Richard Galant Memorial Near GM Building
Equinoccio Statue Near ML Building
Deals
Autbar Gym, 325 Braun Court. "Capture a Pokémon @autBAR & get $1 off next drink. Show bartender screenshot. Happy Hunting!"
Stairway to Heaven "offering 10% off to trainers." (Facebook)
A new study by French and Swedish researchers sheds light on the evolution of the face as we know it today, all thanks to a long-gone fish. 410 million years ago, a tiny fish called the Romundina evolved separate left and right nostrils that were behind its lips, a feature that was halfway between jawed and jawless creatures. The study, which was published in Nature, fills in the blanks of how the transformation came to be by X-raying fossils of the Romundina's skull procured from Canada. What it found was that the jaw came first, followed by separate nostrils, a shrinking upper lip and a protruding nose. "This skull is a mix of primitive and modern features, making it an invaluable intermediate fossil between jawless and jawed vertebrates," Vincent Dupret of Uppsala University, one of the authors on the study wrote. Unfortunately for the Romundina, its efforts were not rewarded with long-term survival; it disappeared off the face of the Earth 360 million years ago.
CLOSE What does an Internet fiber-optic backbone cable look like anyway? Trevor Hughes/USA TODAY
Google Fiber (Photo: Google Fiber)
Google Fiber, the city's newest internet provider, says delays surrounding utility pole attachment agreements are slowing expansion in Nashville as the company pushes a new Metro ordinance that addresses its concerns.
The Metro ordinance, which will be considered Tuesday on a first of three council votes, is designed to streamline what Google describes as a cumbersome process to attach its cables onto utility poles. Under current law, existing providers must move their own lines before a new provider can add another cable. AT&T and Comcast are opposed to the ordinance, referred to as One Touch Make Ready.
"The current process is slow and ineffective for a project of the size and scale of Google Fiber," Amol Naik, Google Fiber's Southeast head of external affairs, said in an emailed statement. "To build quickly and broadly in Nashville, we need a sensible policy like One Touch Make Ready."
Related: Google to invest in new Clarksville data center
The issue sets the stage for a lobbying battle at the Metro Courthouse between a trio of corporate giants seeking to attract and hold onto customers as Google expands its presence across the U.S. Comcast has mocked Google's offerings in television commercials, and AT&T has sought to block Google Fiber-led ordinances in other cities.
To connect Nashville homes to gigabit speed internet, Google Fiber needs to attach its fiber-optic cables to the city's nearly 90,000 utility poles, which already are used by its competitors. Google said since January it has submitted between 1,000 and 1,500 pole move applications weekly and only a few hundred poles have been made ready for Google, leaving local residents frustrated with the pace.
Lead bill sponsor Councilman Anthony Davis, who said the legislation has about 15 co-sponsors in the 40-member council, called the proposal a “no-brainer” measure to accommodate “a new era of telecommunication” in Nashville.
“Yes, obviously Google is the new player in the market, and they are being very slow coming into the market largely because of the poles policy and other folks moving their lines,” Davis said. “But once you investigate it further, it seems like a policy that really makes sense.”
Davis said he doesn't believe the ordinance would give Google Fiber an unfair advantage over other telecommunication companies in Nashville.
“I think they're at a major disadvantage right now,” he said. “I don't think it gives them an advantage.”
Google officials said the pole attachment issue has become a significant hurdle in Nashville because of the region's deep limestone that limits underground installation. Ninety percent of Google's 3,200 miles of fiber will be connected through utility poles, as a result.
In addition to fixing Google's immediate issue, the company called the proposal "a necessary step" that will benefit other companies as Nashville grows.
The ordinance would give Google Fiber, or any other provider seeking to add a line, the ability to hire an approved vendor to move all the lines at the same time. Instead of closing roads and sidewalks when each provider adjusts the pole, the ordinance would allow the work to be done once.
AT&T said its union contract with Communications Workers of America would be violated under the proposed ordinance because non-represented workers could be changing the lines. The company says pole attachment regulation is under the jurisdiction of the Federal Communications Commission, not municipalities, a point the company is arguing in a lawsuit against Louisville, Ky., concerning a similar ordinance in that city.
Google Fiber retail location in Nashville (Photo: Submitted)
"Like other providers have previously stated we also have serious concerns with other companies being allowed to perform work on our facilities without providing us notice," AT&T Tennessee spokesman Joe Burgan said in an emailed statement. "We already have a national agreement with Google to give them access on a city-by-city basis. We're glad to grant them access to our poles like we have for others, but Google attempting to change the rules for their benefit is ridiculous.”
In an email sent Monday, AT&T President Joelle Phillips urged AT&T workers and retirees to voice opposition to the proposed ordinance, calling it "government overreach."
"The Council should not interfere with AT&T's relationship with the CWA, or to take work away from union-represented AT&T employees," she said in the emailed statement.
Comcast is pushing for more discussions ahead of the Metro Council meeting Tuesday, where the ordinance is up for first reading. The company said it has not delayed any Google Fiber activity and that it coordinates weekly with Google Fiber to prioritize which lines to move first.
"All broadband providers face numerous challenges in Nashville with the make-ready and permitting processes that have impacted timely deployment and expansion of broadband facilities," Comcast said in a statement. "We believe that the appropriate next step would be to conduct a meeting of all impacted stakeholders — including AT&T, Comcast, Google Fiber, NES (Nashville Electric Service), and Public Works — to review the make-ready and permit process and discuss areas for improvement. This should be accomplished prior to any proposed legislation."
Assuming the bill clears a procedural first vote, the legislation would be voted on second reading in two weeks. That timeline would set up final approval in September.
NES, which oversees most of the city's poles, has not taken a position on the legislation. A spokesman for Nashville Mayor Megan Barry's office said the administration is neutral for now.
Behind the scenes, some of Nashville's most high-powered lobbyists are prepared to fight over the ordinance. Google is represented by an army of Metro lobbyists led by Tom Ingram's The Ingram Group and DVL Seigenthaler public relations firm, while Comcast is backed by prominent attorney James Weaver of Waller Law.
Other bill sponsors include council members Jeremy Elrod, Bill Pridemore, Russ Pulley, Mina Johnson, Angie Henderson and Robert Swope. Despite the strong early backing of the bill, some council members say they want to learn more about the issue before signing on.
At-large Councilman John Cooper said he's still looking for answers from both sides of the debate, including over property rights questions he said are raised in the legislation, and more importantly, the effect on the consumer.
“That's what I'm going to be looking for as the discussion unfolds,” Cooper said. “It should not be about how one telecommunication monopoly can make more money more quickly. It needs to be about how can an action, particularly by a public body, benefit the public. The onus is on Google to demonstrate that.”
Elrod said he believes the legislation is “business-friendly” by promoting competition for internet service in Davidson County.
“Right now, it's anti-competitive for the other two service providers to literally not get out of the way so that Google Fiber can also offer internet service. This is just to level the playing field and to allow any internet service that wants to come to Nashville, that's willing to pay to make those poles ready, to offer their services.”
Reach Jamie McGee at 615-259-8071 and on Twitter @JamieMcGee_. Reach Joey Garrison at 615-259-8236 and on Twitter @Joeygarrison.
By the numbers
3,200 miles of Google's fiber-optic cable is planned for Nashville.
90 percent is to be installed via pole attachment.
90,000: Number of Davidson County utility poles
1,000 to 1,500: Number of pole applications that Google submits on a weekly basis
A few hundred: Number of poles made ready for Google Fiber
Source: Google Fiber
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2aHP9II
I don't remember how many experiments were needed that I was satisfied with this recipe. I just can say many, and maybe some more. All I wanted was a really simple recipe for easy gluten-free low-carb bread made from ingredients you can find from almost every grocery store, or at least every health food store. A bread, which is easy to vary and makes a nice base for sweet and savory toppings alike.
Finding the best ratio between these simplest ingredients took looong time. Luckily my toddler and my husband loved most of the results, so did my parents whenever they happened to visit us and I was in the mood for baking (well, I'm always in the mood for baking…) I bet you'll like this simpler than simple recipe, so enjoy!
I always bake this bread in a small loaf pan since the bread doesn't rise much and I prefer a high bread anyway. If you use normal-sized (9 × 5 inch = 23 × 13 cm) loaf pan the bread will be quite flat. Another option is to double the recipe for the normal-sized pan, however then the baking time is longer, approximately one hour. I haven't found small silicone loaf pans (except from Amazon). The bread pan I use is ceramic and I've found it from the nearest store. Anyway, I really prefer silicone pans, the bread releases so much easier from them.
In case you don't have a silicone loaf pan which usually doesn't need greasing, it's good to butter the glass or ceramic loaf pan generously with melted butter or with some other fat, like coconut oil in case you don't tolerate dairy. Extra virgin coconut oil suits well for this. Also extra virgin olive oil is worth trying in case you don't use butter. It might give its characteristic flavor to the bread, so if you use sweet toppings it might not be the best option. (And usually, when I grease a pan with olive oil, it just makes the bread stick harder to the pan…) Sprinkling almond flour on the butter or coconut oil helps even more that the bread will nicely pop out of the pan, but usually I'm so lazy that I don't bother with that, I just grease the pan with softened butter and that's it! Works well (usually…).
Unlike my other low-carb bread recipe for Simple and Fluffy Gluten-Free Low-Carb Bread, this 1-2-3 Bread is a bit crumblier. It does hold nicely together and it's nicely moist, but you cannot slice that thin slices than from the Simple and Fluffy Gluten-Free Low-Carb Bread, which is one of my most loved recipes, like this one here!
I've tried a few different brands of almond flour when developing this recipe. The best results I got with Bob's Red Mill. Unfortunately it's not organic and I cannot find it very easily. I've also tried normal fat organic almond flour and other normal fat non-organic almond flour both of which I found from the nearest grocery store. Unfortunately I've got no idea about the brands. All I know is that the organic almond flour comes from Spain and non-organic from the USA. Both of them were working pretty well for this bread. I also tried organic fat-reduced almond flour from Ölmühle Solling, but that didn't work very well; it left the bread flat and too dense. I think it's because the flour is very fine, so if you use very fine almond flour (like Honeyville), be prepared to use just half of the amount for this recipe. However, coarse almond flour, like Bob's Red Mill, works best here.
This simple bread doesn't have any added salt not only because I wanted it to suit both sweet and savory toppings, but also because I wanted to make it child-friendly. Even I usually use unrefined sea salt which is healthy, I don't want to fill up my toddler with too much salt anyway. If you prefer bread with a salty touch, please feel free to add some unrefined salt, a half a teaspoon or even one full teaspoon, depending on the salt you use and the preferred saltiness. Unrefined sea salt and Himalayan salt tend to be milder and more elegant when it comes to the taste. I always find table salt too aggressive tasting! Moreover, it lacks all the minerals unrefined sea salt or Himalayan salt has, so I never use it. Oh yes, and a few drops of liquid stevia or a tiny amount of other natural sweetener, like erythritol, enhances the flavors even more.
Another reason to make the recipe so simple is, that it's easy to add some extras, like spices, herbs, nuts, seeds, dried fruit, flavorings, or even sweeteners depending on the mood and the purpose of use. How about banana bread? Dried or frozen cranberries and orange flavor? Chopped walnuts? Sun-dried tomatoes and olives? Zucchini? Pick your favorites and use your imagination!
And of course, last but not least, a simple recipe is easy to remember. Just 1 teaspoon baking powder, 2 cups almond flour and 3 eggs. 1-2-3 and there we go!
I often serve this bread with homemade sugar-free strawberry jam or raspberry jam. Or, then I top it with an ample amount of butter, cheese and veggies.
Do you have a recipe for a favorite bread you bake over and over again? Do you prefer plain, simple bread, or do you stuff your bread with all kinds of nice stuff?
Print 1-2-3 Bread (Dairy-Free) Author: Elviira 1 teaspoon aluminium-free baking powder
2 cups = 480 ml = 8 oz = 230 g almond flour
3 extra large organic eggs Preheat the oven to 300 °F (150 °C). Mix the baking powder with the almond flour in a medium bowl. In a large bowl, beat the eggs with an electric mixer until almost white and fluffy. The mixture will expand remarkably. Fold the almond flour mixture gently to the eggs preferably with a rubber spatula until there are no lumps. Put the dough into a generously greased small loaf pan or a silicone loaf pan and level the top with a rubber spatula. Bake for 30–40 minutes or until a stick inserted into the loaf comes out dry. Let cool and cut into slices. 4.5.2.16 http://www.lowcarbsosimple.com/1-2-3-bread/ Images, text and recipe fully copyrighted by Low-Carb, So Simple
Imagine a power outage that knocks out the electric grid in eight states, affecting 55 million people. Residential areas lose water pressure and sewage pumps stop working. Failures in electronic ticketing and traffic control systems cripple land and air transportation. Fuel is scarce because gas stations lack electricity for their pumps. Cellular communications are disrupted, and telephone lines are overwhelmed with emergency calls. And this happens during a heat wave when the demand and usage of electricity is high.
This is not fiction. This is a brief synopsis of the August 2003 blackout that affected regions from New York City to Ontario. The blackout was caused by an unfortunate convergence of events. While it was an accident, it served as a reminder of our nation's dependence on critical infrastructure.
In an effort to build awareness and appreciation of the importance of critical infrastructure in our daily lives, President Obama has designated November as Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience Month.
Critical infrastructure provides the essential services that sustain our way of life, such as the power we use in our homes, the water we drink, the transportation that moves us, the bridges that connect us, and the communication systems we rely on to stay in touch with friends and family.
Every day the Department of Homeland Security, in coordination with our partners across the government, works closely with stakeholders in the private sector as well as state and local partners to help mitigate threats against that infrastructure and build capacities.
Marvel's Joss Whedon-developed TV project has a name, and it's a familiar one: S.H.I.E.L.D., starring the law-enforcement agency at the center of Marvel's blockbuster films.
Deadline reports (with later confirmation from The Hollywood Reporter) that ABC has ordered a pilot, which Whedon will write with two of his frequent collaborators: his brother Jed and Maurissa Tancharoen, a husband and wife duo who worked with him on Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog and Dollhouse. Whedon is also on board to direct the pilot, "schedule permitting." Whedon, Whedon and Tancharoen will executive produce, along with Jeffrey Bell and head of Marvel TV Jeph Loeb.
Production will reportedly start immediately.is the first live-action series from Marvel TV, formed in 2010, to be greenlit to pilot stage, though a Hulk series is reportedly still in development at ABC. According to Variety , Whedon, who appeared Tuesday as moderator of a Writers Guild event, said the storyline for the proposed series will be largely "autonomous" from the 2015 Avengers sequel. Little else is known about it at this stage, including where it might take place in the timeline of Marvel's films, and which actors, if any, from the movies might play a part on the show. In multiple Marvel films including this summer's The Avengers, Samuel L. Jackson has portrayed S.H.I.E.L.D. director Nick Fury. Whedon's comments, however, make it sound like any actor crossover is unlikely. Earlier this month, Disney announced that Whedon signed an exclusive deal with Marvel Studios for both film and television, including writing and directing 2015's The Avengers 2 and developing a then-unspecified Marvel TV show. The Avengers, written and directed by Whedon, have grossed nearly $1.5 billion in worldwide box office, and is currently the third highest-grossing film of all time on domestic and international charts. This would be Whedon's first television series since Dollhouse, which ran for two seasons on Fox from 2009 to 2010. He first became known among fans for his critically acclaimed, cult-favorite TV creations Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel and Firefly. More from Newsarama:Got a comment? There's lots of conversation on Newsarama's FACEBOOK and TWITTER!
Important note: The SL Go service is to be shut down on April 30th, 2015. For more information, please read this report.
Onlive, the provider of the SL Go, and the Firestorm team recently announced the addition of the Firestorm viewer to the SL Go service. I covered the news with a quick overview, and you can also read both the official press release from OnLive and the Firestorm's team's announcement to catch-up, if you need to.
Given SL Go has, until this announcement, only been available with a flavour of the official SL viewer, there may be some Firestorm users who haven't really thought about SL Go or given it a look. As such, I'd thought I'd offer a little more of a detailed look.
The Preamble
Just as a quick reminder, SL Go is a third-party service which can be used to access Second Life. Rather than using a locally-installed viewer, everything is run on OnLive's servers and then streamed directly to the user's chosen device (PC, Mac, tablet, HDTV via OnLive's own game console).
SL Go has been available with a version of the SL viewer since March 2014 for all of the above. The Firestorm update now extends the service to include the Firestorm viewer, initially only to people running low-end PCs and Macs, although Android and iPad flavours should be available in the future.
The service does require a subscription (to cover OnLive's costs), which amounts to US$9.95 (UK £6.95) per month for unlimited access – and this includes accessing Second Life from your Android Tablet or iPad as well, should you also wish to give it a try (you will need to install the OnLive app on your tablet and, as noted above, you will only be able to run the SL viewer on it for the time being).
A free 7-day trial period is provided for anyone wishing to try the service without obligation, and there is no minimum term once the trial period has ended, so you can cancel your subscription at any time. Once you have signed-up, and to use Firestorm, you'll need to download the OnLive PC or Mac client.
However, and important point to remember is that SL Go isn't intended as a replacement for the standard viewer offerings (SL or TPV). If you have a good computer / laptop and can run the viewer to your satisfaction already, then SL Go likely isn't for you. But, if you are using an old system and are finding SL a struggle, then SL Go may well offer a means for you to increase your enjoyment with the platform until such time as you can update your hardware.
Running Firestorm via SL Go
Running Firestorm via SL Go is a matter of:
Launching the OnLive client
Then, if you have an OnLive account (rather than just an SL Go account) – clicking My Games at the top of the client window, then selecting SL Go from the left side of the client
Selecting Firestorm from the SL Go service screen (see below)
Allowing the viewer to load.
A point of note here is that the OnLive client runs in a fixed 1280×720 resolution, and presents the viewer in fullscreen mode only. This means that the client is “stretched” or “shrunk” to fit other screen resolutions, and as a result there can be a loss of image quality.
This can be compensated for to some extent by switching the OnLive client to “Windowed” mode ( ALT-ENTER for Windows, CMD-F for Mac), and then resizing the window by pointing down into the lower right corner of the window, holding the left mouse button and dragging to the desired size (note that the cursor will not change to a grab handle or anything, so getting it can be a case of trial and error). The window will retain a 16:9 ratio when being resized in this way, but should hopefully offer some degree of improvement; in the case of my own Asus PC EEE 1201N notebook (1366 x 768 native resolution), it did make things clearer for me.
Once you're logged-in to Firestorm, you should find it pretty much as you'd expect to see it on logging-in first the first time following a clean local installation. As when running the viewer locally, you can set the buttons you require within the toolbar areas, adjust the font size, tweak Preferences, etc. You'll find you have almost everything you'd expect to find in Firestorm had you downloaded and installed it: windlight options, Phototools, radar, quick preferences, Firestorm's conversations / chat UI, RLV/a and so on.
There are, however a few things apparently “missing”, which are purely down to the fact that the viewer is being run on an OnLive server and streamed to you. Those who have used SL Go before will be familiar with some of this, but again, for completeness here's a breakdown of what you'll likely note as “not being there”:
The Develop menu, access to debug settings through the Advanced menu, the ability to upload any content (mesh, sounds, animations, images), the ability to use local textures, or to save snapshots to disk – these are all limitations common to both Firestorm and the SL viewer on SL Go
There is currently no support within SL Go for 3D mouse devices such as the Space Navigator
You cannot save or restore your Firestorm settings; any “local” pickers Firestorm uses will not work; there is no option to set crash reporting to the Firestorm team.
It is hoped that some of the latter options will be available in the future, as Firestorm continue to work with OnLive to enhance the Firestorm offering – this is only an initial release, after all!
In use, and on a low-end system, Firestorm and OnLive do exactly what they say on the box: offer a new lease of life to older hardware. During my testing, as noted in my coverage of the announcement that Firestorm is now available on SL Go, I was enjoying frame rates that are completely unobtainable on my Asus notebook when running the viewer locally. Even flying was entirely possible, although you will likely find “region flicker” prevalent, as there is currently no means to access object-object occlusion ( CTRL-SHIFT-O – also true of the SL viewer).
Exiting the Service
When your time in SL is done and you need to log for a while, you can close the viewer (and the OnLive service) in a number of ways:
Via Me > Exit Firestorm
Using CTRL-Q
Closing the OnLive client window (if running in windowed mode).
Note that in all cases, these will both log you out of SL and close the OnLive client.
Restart Delay
Be aware that if you log out of Second Life, you may have to wait a minute or so before you re-launch the OnLive client, in order to give the service host, etc., time to shut-down. If you don't and you log out of the viewer and then immediately re-start the OnLive client, you may get an error message when trying to launch the viewer:
Should this happen, shut-down the OnLive client and wait a further minute or so before re-starting it. If the issue persists, and you had been running with the OnLive client in windowed mode, try switching back to the full screen mode and restarting.
The above is also true when restarting the viewer after making a change that requires a restart – such as activating / deactivating RLV/a or changing the UI skin.
Going Elsewhere
One of the unique aspects of Firestorm on SL Go is that for those who also use other grids, they can now also do so from an older Pc or Mac should they need to do so, as Firestorm over SL Go is the OpenSim version, complete with the grid selector and grid management tab in Preferences. Once the viewer is running, you can log-into any OpenSim grid on which you have an account from the viewer's log-in / splash screen just as you would were you running the viewer locally.
I've so far only tested this by connecting to Kitely and the Seanchai Library, but I encountered no problems in doing so, and happily wandered around Fallingwater at my leisure and did a bit of building repair.
Feedback
This is the first time I've really used SL Go in detail on my laptop, as I've previously been more focused on the Android tablet offering, as it has more interest to me. But I found the service more-or-less doing precisely what it says on the bottle: giving a new lease-of-life to SL on my little (and increasingly aged) Asus notebook, which has – and despite recent improvements within the viewer and SL – been finding it harder and harder to run things.
Yes, there were irritants: the image quality was a little distracting (although much improved after switching to “Windowed” mode). For some reason, I seemed to find this more noticeable with Firestorm than the SL viewer; I suspect this to be more to due with Firestom's lighter UI accentuating the grainier look to the viewer than anything else. I also found there could be odd bouts of update latency, such as when camming, where my world-view would at times appear to update in “strips” running horizontally across the screen in two or three swathes (top then bottom, or top, middle, bottom). However, these were not sufficient to be mind-bogglingly annoying.
SL Go isn't a service for everyone. There is a cost involved in using it, again as noted.But given it is a third-party service (and not something run by the Lab) provisioned through dedicated servers, this is not unreasonable. However, it may well put so off using it, which is fair enough.
and again, as pointed-to at the to of this article, if you have a reasonable PC / Mac / laptop with good graphics and processing capabilities, a good Internet connection and can enjoy Second Life to your own satisfaction, it is likely that SL Go (with or without Firestorm) isn't going to do much for you, and isn't worth the fuss.
But, if you are on a low-end PC or Mac and are finding it increasingly hard to run Second Life and would like to get to enjoy Firestorm in all its glory, this may well be an option to consider, at least until you can update your existing hardware.
Advertisements
The Aam Aadmi Party government on Tuesday refused to let Delhi Police Joint Commissioner MK Meena join as the chief of the Anti-Corruption Branch (ACB), saying he cannot join on a non-existent post.
"...I am directed to inform you that there is only post of Additional Commissioner of Police in the ACB of the GNCTD (Government of the National Territory of Delhi) which is presently occupied. As there is no sanctioned post, you cannot take charge or hold a non-existent post," a letter to Meena by the Delhi government said on Tuesday.
Opening a new front in his bitter turf war with Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, Lieutenent Governor Najeeb Jung had on Monday created a new post to appoint the chief of the anti-graft body. "What is the conspiracy by creating a new post of joint commissioner in the ACB and appointing your favorite officers," Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia tweeted on Monday.
Meena replaced SS Yadav as the new head of the anti-graft wing, with Jung also transferring seven inspectors to the department. The move came days after the Aam Aadmi Party government inducted Bihar Police officials in the ACB.
"Has the appointment been done because of the fear of CNG case being probed by the ACB?" Sisodia asked.
A pioneer, a leader and a man whose life was defined by his determination and devotion to his country.
The story of Air Marshal Subroto Mukerjee, the first Chief of the Air Staff of the Indian Air Force is thrilling and inspiring at the same time. A man respected by millions for his fortitude and loved by his own men for his humanity, Subroto laid the foundation for the Indian Air Force as it exists till date.
No wonder he is remembered even today as the ‘Father of Indian Air Force'
Image source: Facebook
A family of stalwarts
Subroto was born on March 5, 1911, to an illustrious family in Kolkata. His maternal grandfather Dr. PK Roy was the first Indian Principal of the Presidency College, Calcutta. His other grandfather, Nibaran Chandra Mukherjee, was a well-known social and educational reformer. His own father, SC Mukherjee joined the Indian Civil Service back in 1892. His uncle, Indra Lal Roy, was the first Indian to have ever been awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for having joined the Royal Flying Corps during World War I.
Subroto was the youngest of four children in his family, and all his siblings went on to chart incredible careers themselves. His sister, Renuka Ray, was a freedom fighter who would later become a well-regarded parliamentarian of her own right. He is older brother Prosanto became the Chairman of the Railway Board.
As the youngest, he would often be tasked with doing menial tasks for his siblings. His sister Nita Sen once noted, “And as the youngest you know. He had to do all the odd jobs in the household. We never took him seriously and we never quite got used to his being the Air Marshal. To us he was always the youngest.” He was educated both in India and in England and led an idyllic childhood.
Selection to the Indian Air Force
Originally the plan in the Mukerjee household was that one day Subroto would take up a career in medicine. He was even sent to Cambridge University in England to prepare for a medical career. However, destiny had other plans as the British government, under growing pressure from Indians who wanted greater representation in the Army, announced that it would start the IAF wherein only Indians would be selected to serve.
Subroto's father sent him a press clipping of the notification and it immediately piqued his interest. Despite misgivings from his mother, he wrote the entrance exam in 1929 and soon became one of six Indian recruits who were trained at the Royal Air Force in UK. During the training, he helped set up an Indian library for the Indian airmen and even wrote a letter to his mother soliciting old books from their home.
At the end, five recruits would become the pilots of the first ever Indian Air Force squadron.
The legendary AM Subroto Mukerjee OBE, one of the founders of the Indian Air Force, at RAF Cranwell in 1931 #history pic.twitter.com/y2lsJhoT — Matthew Ward (@HistoryNeedsYou) September 12, 2012
Breaking barriers and flying high
By 1939, Subroto had been promoted to squadron leader thus becoming the first Indian to ever achieve this position. And in 1942 he became the first Indian to lead an RAF station. In 1945 he was made an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE).
It has to be noted that despite his own standing, the Indian recruits were often discriminated against by those serving in the Royal Air Force. Those like Subroto who served in the IAF had to endure humiliation and bullying and yet had to continue excelling at their field to be taken seriously.
By the time India achieved independence, Subroto would be the highest ranking officer in the Indian Air Force by the time India achieved independence in 1947.
Photo source: Twitter
Post independence work
After a hard-fought independence, it came down to people like Subroto to set-up a number of functioning bodies that would now be vacated by the British empire. The people serving in the IAF itself had to be divided into ones that would serve in India and the ones who would head to Pakistan.
It has been reported that when Lord Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, asked Subroto how long he wanted the senior British officers to stay back in the Indian Air Force, he requested them to stay behind for about five or seven years. He made this decision knowing fully well that as the highest ranking Indian in the IAF, he was stalling his own promotion for more than half a decade. But he put the needs of the country ahead of his own, a trait that had always followed him through his life. In that period, he would help senior members in reorgnising IAF.
In 1952, he went to the Imperial Defence College in England for further training. He would return in 1954 to officially become the Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Air Force. This designation was later changed to Chief of the Air Staff, IAF in 1955 and hence he became the first Indian to hold both positions.
In 1957, VV Krishna became the defense minister of India. He was a man famously known for his suspicion of the armed forces.
In such a clime, Subroto came to regarded as a man with a tempered and yet humble personality who never showed outwardly the kind of stress he had to deal on a daily basis.
Image source
He was known to be incredibly considerate to the men that served under him and both he and his wife, Sharda Mukerjee (who served as the governor of Gujarat from 1978 to 1983), ensured the families of those serving in IAF were also taken care of.
You may also like: The Untold Story of a Legendary Band of Men Who Laid the Foundation for the Indian Air Force
A tragic end
When he had been younger, he had once tried to pacify his worried mother by noting that his death would not be caused by flying planes. This would turn out to be strangely prophetic as Subroto's life was tragically cut short in 1960. He was one of the passengers of Air India's first ever flight to Tokyo and was enjoying a rather uneventful trip when on November 8, while having a meal with a friend in a restaurant in Tokyo, he choked on a piece of food that had lodged in his windpipe. Despite every effort, he met with an untimely demise.
A rich legacy
Upon his death, his 28-year-old service was commemorated by the country and homages poured in from across the world. Defense Minister VV Krishna, himself paid rich tribute by noting, “The Air Force has lost an experienced and courageous officer and leader; the country, a patriotic and devoted servant and citizen; and his colleagues, a loyal comrade and an understanding leader. Air Marshal Mukerjee has left his mark on his Service, which is a greater tribute than I or anyone can pay in words.”
You may also like: The Forgotten Story of the First Indian Air Force Women Pilots Who Flew in the Kargil War Zone
In many other ways, his legacy continues to live on. In 1958, he had envisioned the idea of promoting football and conducting a tournament for the children across the country. Upon his death, the Subroto Cup Football Tournament was first conducted. Today it still continues to be one of the most famous inter-school football tournaments in India.
Such was his footprint, that it continues to be felt to this day.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.
NEW: Click here to get positive news on WhatsApp!
To make Snapchat more usable for olds, Snap is planning a “disruptive” redesign that could piss off the young.
The social app's parent company announced in an earnings report today that it's “currently redesigning our application to make it easier to use,” because “one thing that we have heard over the years is that Snapchat is difficult to understand or hard to use.”
Advertisement
And that was the point. Snapchat took off, in part, because it was like a secret you could learn; the weird design functioned as a “keep out” sign for older users, and it fed into the app's image as networks like Facebook grew older and decidedly less cool. But any major change could push away some of Snap's 178 million daily users—users Snap can't afford to lose if it's only going to grow by a few million users every three months.
“There is a strong likelihood that the redesign of our application will be disruptive to our business in the short term,” Snap warned today. “And we don't yet know how the behavior of our community will change when they begin to use our updated application. We're willing to take that risk for what we believe are substantial longterm benefits to our business.”
Willing or not, this is a risk Snap probably has to take. The company has failed to substantially grow its advertising revenue this year, and hardware won't save it, either: “Excess” Spectacles are responsible for nearly $40 million of Snap's costs last quarter. Upset teens or not, Snapchat has got to change.
GEARY COUNTY – Law enforcement authorities in Geary County are investigating a suspect for an alleged rape.
Tomas Martinez-Maldonado, 41, Marietta, Georgia, was arrested on a Geary County District Court warrant charging him with the rape of a 12-year-old girl, according to Geary County Sheriff Tony Wolf.
The Kansas City, Kansas Police Department contacted Geary County authorities. “A Greyhound bus had made a stop in Kansas City and there was an alleged rape that occurred on the bus, however they had no idea where this rape took place,” according to Wolf.
The KBI was called to investigate and determined the crime occurred somewhere on Interstate 70 in Geary County in late September.
Martinez-Maldonado was arrested in Kansas City and then returned to the Geary County Detention Center.
Martinez-Maldonado is allegedly an eight-time deported illegal alien, according to the sheriff.
Slaviansk: Ukraine's military has launched assaults to retake rebel-held eastern towns in which up to five people were reported killed, a move Russian President Vladimir Putin warned would have ‘‘consequences''.
Thursday's offensive sent international tensions soaring and oil prices up, raising the prospect of Russia making good on its threat of a massive response in the ex-Soviet republic.
Ukrainian security force officers at a checkpoint set on fire and left by pro-Russian separatists near Slaviansk. Credit:Reuters
In Slaviansk, a flashpoint east Ukrainian town held by rebels since mid-April, armoured military vehicles drove past an abandoned roadblock in flames to take up position, AFP reporters saw.
Shots were heard as a helicopter flew overhead, and the pro-Kremlin rebels ordered all civilians out of the town hall to take up defensive positions inside.
Prediction markets predict public events such as election outcomes better than do polls or other forecasting mechanisms. Internal corporate prediction markets in events such as sales forecasts, product launch times, and product feature demand have been less well studied. Internal corporate markets tend to have fewer participants than public markets and the participants often have strategic interests and biases. Thus, it has been an open question how well these markets operate.
Cowgill and Zitzewitz report on a number of different types of prediction markets run by Google, Ford and Firm X and although they find evidence for some biases they also find that corporate prediction markets also work better than alternative forecasting methods.
Despite large differences in market design, operation, participation, and incentives, we find that prediction market prices at our three companies are well calibrated to probabilities and improve upon alternative forecasting methods. Ford employs experts to forecast weekly vehicle sales, and we show that contemporaneous prediction market forecasts outperform the expert forecast, achieving a 25% lower mean-squared error (p = 0.104). …The strong relative predictive performance of the Google and Ford markets is achieved despite several pricing inefficiencies. Google's markets exhibit an optimism bias. Both Google and Ford's markets exhibit a bias away from a naive prior (1/N, where N is the number of bins, for Google and prior sales for Ford). However, we find that these inefficiencies disappear by the end of the sample. Improvement over time is driven by two mechanisms: first, more experienced traders trade against the identified inefficiencies and earn higher returns, suggesting that traders become better calibrated with experience. Secondly, traders (of a given experience level) with higher past returns earn higher future returns, trade against identified inefficiencies, and trade more in the future. These results together suggest that traders differ in their skill levels, they learn about their ability over time, and self-selection causes the average skill level in the market to rise over time.
Addendum: It's an interesting commentary on academic publishing that Marginal Revolution first covered this paper in a working version in 2008! An extended version was received by the Review of Economic Studies in 2010 which accepted a final version in 2014 and then published the paper in 2015.
The 117th U.S. Open Championship will be held in Wisconsin for the first time in its history, and Rickie Fowler is going to celebrate that occasion. The 28-year-old will swap out his week-to-week golf bag for a green and yellow version, a nod to the Green Bay Packers.
As for his attire, Fowler will pump some patriotic hues into his Friday and Saturday looks, while remaining true to his OSU-orange apparel on Sunday.
RELATED: More golf style content from The Loop
From Thursday through Sunday, Rickie will wear the following Puma Golf polos, in respective order: Jersey Stripe ($65), Body Map Jacquard ($65), Levels ($65), and Bonded ($80). He'll pair these pieces with either the Tailored Tech ($80) or 6 Pocket pants ($80), along with his now-iconic TitanTour Ignite Hi-Top shoes ($200).
Telegraph Avenue's longtime staple Robert Meister was arrested Wednesday afternoon after a joint operation conducted by UCPD and Berkeley Police Department.
Police said they received an anonymous tip that a street vendor commonly known as “Patches” due to the colorful patches he sold was selling marijuana from a table on Telegraph Avenue and began investigating the allegations.
Using undercover police officers, UCPD and BPD conducted an undercover buy at Meister's table on the 2400 block of Telegraph Avenue near Rasputin Music, said UCPD Lt. Eric Tejada.
Meister, 52, was later arrested for sale of marijuana, possession of marijuana for sale and possession of concentrated cannabis, according to the UCPD crime log.
Meister — who has been a vendor on Telegraph for roughly 20 years — said he makes his living selling patches. While he denied selling marijuana, Meister said he did have cookies on the table and that marijuana cookies are a safe alternative to hard drugs.
Tejada said they used undercover officers — as opposed to surveillance or other methods — to confirm that Meister was selling to students.
“We get a lot of complaints about drug activity in People's Park and on (Telegraph Avenue),” Tejada said. “It was something we wanted to address.”
During the investigation, police found large quantities of marijuana and marijuana cookies at the stand. Tejada said they also found three pounds of marijuana and more than $10,000 in cash at Meister's house in Richmond.
Telegraph Avenue vendors said that they typically have good relations with Berkeley Police Department but do not feel sympathy for Meister's situation.
“Run your business, (and) don't do illegal shit behind your display,” said Andrea Dick, a longtime Telegraph vendor who sells jewelry, among other items.
Kirby Koepke, a former Telegraph vendor, described Meister as a “fringe character” because he does not sell handmade items like other vendors and does not participate in the lottery vendors use to choose their designated spots along Telegraph Avenue.
“None of the students want (me arrested),” Meister said. “The students are on my side.”
In fact, many students expressed concern over news of Meister's arrest and said they would like to see him return to Telegraph.
“Generations and generations of Cal alumni are familiar with him and his kind, humorous personality,” said UC Berkeley junior Marybeth Baluyot in an email.
Baluyot said she considered a initiating a campaign to publicize the incident and set up a donation to help Meister, including possibly giving out patches emblazoned with the slogan “Free Patches.”
“Getting charged with possession and sales will probably keep him away for a long time, and our goal is to keep this from happening,” Baluyot said.
Chloe Hunt covers crime. Contact her at [email protected].
She thought she had met the man of her dreams: a clean-cut, square-jawed US Army sergeant from New York who donned a traditional South Korean tunic for their flower-bedecked wedding.
Instead, Rachel Lee, 43, of Uijeongbu, near Seoul, has been left with a nullified marriage, $50,000 in credit-card debt and a broken heart — because her “husband,” Army Master Sgt. Scott Fuller, 40, already had a wife and two kids living in Rockland County.
Fuller is now back in that New City home with his original wife, Marianne, and their daughter, 6, and son, 4.
And Lee, a teacher, remains half a world away, devastated.
“It has been very, very tough for me,” she told The Post Thursday in a phone call from South Korea.
“Quite honestly, I do feel suicidal,” she said through a translator.
Lee and Fuller started dating in August 2013 and were married just four months later.
“She was head over heels,” said Howard Myerowitz, a lawyer Lee retained through a Fort Lee, NJ, firm specializing in Korean issues.
It was Lee's second marriage, and, as far as she knew, her husband's first. But it unraveled within months, when Fuller asked his new bride for help reformatting his cellphone so he could sell it — and she discovered loving “happy anniversary” emails he had just sent to Wife No. 1.
Lee called local authorities and filed a complaint for forgery. Fuller was convicted in a Korean trial court and sentenced to eight months in prison on Oct. 31, 2014, her lawyer said. But Army officials quietly reassigned Fuller to Fort Drum in upstate Jefferson County.
They have declined to prosecute Fuller for bigamy or fraud, even though Fuller had kept up his ruse through an alleged trail of bogus paperwork, her lawyers allege.
That includes a premarital certification on US Embassy letterhead that Fuller presented to South Korean officials, attesting he was single. It also includes a New York state judgment of divorce — claiming he and Marianne had divorced — that Fuller submitted to a Korean court. Copies of both documents were provided to The Post by lawyers in the US.
Myerowitz is seeking restitution of the $50,000 that Lee says Fuller owes her. Officials at Fort Drum did not return messages seeking comment, and Fuller could not be reached by email or at his home.
“She was never officially married to him,” Marianne Fuller railed to a Post reporter.
Myerowitz said: “It's a horrific story . . . This is something that goes on with our troops all over the world.”
Additional reporting by Frank Rosario
“We are here to assure Donald Trump that there is nothing to be afraid of,” Ms. Stein said during a news conference and rally with his tower as a backdrop. “If you believe in democracy, if you believe in the credibility of your victory, put down your arms, end your bureaucratic obstruction, end your intimidation.”
The president-elect, who has raised his own doubts about the election, including his claim without evidence that “millions” of people voted illegally, has chided the recount effort. On Sunday, he went on Twitter to celebrate the setback in Pennsylvania, calling the bid a “Stein scam to raise money.”
Representatives of Mr. Trump did not respond to requests for comment on Monday.
Ms. Stein raised more than $7 million for the recount costs, as some supporters of Hillary Clinton have seen the effort as a last hope to change the outcome of the Nov. 8 election. Mrs. Clinton's campaign has played a passive role in the process, acknowledging that the margins in the three states are too much to overcome.
Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to Mr. Trump, said on “Fox News Sunday” that Ms. Stein should “give it up.” Ms. Conway said, “Even your friends in the Clinton campaign have admitted that these recounts will not change any results.”
But instead, Ms. Stein seemed to be redoubling the effort on Monday with just two weeks remaining before the Electoral College is set to meet and install Mr. Trump. Mrs. Clinton would need to be named the winner in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin to reverse the outcome of the election.
A purse on a table and a dead woman's shoe poking out from under a bed: These are the images that keep reappearing when I think about “Mystery Date.” Co-written by Victor Levin and and series creator Matthew Weiner and directed by Matt Shakman, this episode is a fine example of what the show is and how it works. It delivers plenty of dramatic incidents — so many that if you'd never watched an episode before, you'd feel as though the main rap against Mad Men, that it's just an intellectualized soap opera, is right on the money. But it also demonstrates that this series, like its main stylistic predecessor The Sopranos, is more than the sum of its melodrama. It's always operating on the edge of metaphor while maintaining plausible deniability.
On a pure plot level, there's plenty to talk about. Roger, who has always been borderline useless, seems headed for a disastrous reckoning thanks to his utter non-engagement with the Mohawk account; this is the second episode this season in which he's flat-out bribed another character (in this case Peggy) to get what he wants. The fissures that opened up between newlyweds Don and Megan in the pilot widen thanks to a chance encounter between Don and an old flame, Andrea (Madchen Amick of Twin Peaks!) in an elevator; Don, who's operating at half-strength thanks to some sort of flu bug, goes home and has a grotesque and meaning-packed dream about her.
Joan's husband Greg returns home from Vietnam and shows that he's still the same pig he was before he shipped out; when Joan realizes that he's more interested in feeding his masculine insecurities than in being a good husband and father, she tells him to leave and never come back. But this episode's horror movie visuals, crackpot film-noir moments (especially the femme-fatale-from-hell dream sequence) and plentiful references to the history and culture of that part of 1966 confirm that there's more going on than who's sleeping with whom and who's screwing up which account.
You can make a case for “Mystery Date” as an extended analogy for the psyche of circa-1966 white, middle-class America, which seems oblivious to the wave of political and sociological chaos that had already engulfed it and that was about to flip a lot of received wisdom upside-down. As my colleague Deborah Lipp writes at Press Play, “The swirling mass of chaos that is 1966 is affecting all the characters. Divorce, Vietnam, racial tension, sexual anxiety, promiscuity, rape, violence, drugs, the generation gap: they're all here.” There's much discussion of random, horrific violence (everybody's talking about Richard Speck's July 14, 1966 murder of eight nurses in Chicago), but this happens at the same time as a wave of racial violence that only the new secretary Dawn Chambers (Teyonah Parris) seems attuned to. The script hints at two separate and unequal racial realities in the early scene where the copywriters gather around to gawk at Speck crime scene pictures that Peggy's friend, the photographer Joyce Ramsa (Zosia Mamet), has smuggled in; the scene confirms that the white characters and the media they consume don't really care what's happening in black America unless it affects them directly, and these murders are more random, terrifying and real to most of them than the more oblique menaces of racial injustice and civil unrest. (Joyce predicts that the murders will push the 1966 Cleveland race riots off Time's cover that week in sporting language better suited to discussions of competing NFL teams or Best Picture nominees.)
The overnight bonding session between Peggy and Dawn, who sleeps at Peggy's apartment because the riots have made her afraid to travel home to Harlem late at night, casts the black-white social divide into sharp relief. The moment where Peggy instantly seems to understand why Dawn is scared, then realizes that she actually doesn't have a clue, is one of the show's best historically conscious bits of screenwriting; it's attuned to 1966 specifics without being too on-the-nose (though it comes perilously close at times). The button at the end of that subplot — Peggy considering taking her purse out of the living room for fear that Dawn will steal from her, then being mortified by her own impulses and deciding to leave it there — is a sharp example of how even the most ostentatiously liberal white folks can harbor racist attitudes.
The subplot also links feminism and the struggle for racial equality without making a simplistic, “Yay, sisterhood!” analogy. In the scene between drunk Peggy and the more wary Dawn on Peggy's couch, Peggy reaches out to Dawn, recognizing her as a working woman surrounded by testosterone-addled alpha males, and offers to help her become a copywriter, a job Dawn evidently doesn't want. “I know we're not really in the same situation,” Peggy tells her, “but I was the only one like me there for a long time. I know it's hard.” “I appreciate that,” Dawn says. After offering to help Dawn become a copywriter and being very politely rebuffed, Peggy asks her, “Do you think I act like a man?” “I guess you have to, a little,” Dawn says, not quite answering the question; her quietly diplomatic responses here are just right. “I tried, but I don't know if I really have it in me,” Peggy continues. “I don't know if I want to.”
This scene, which wouldn't have happened if Dawn and Peggy weren't frightened of physical violence at the hands of men, ties the Richard Speck material and the extended fever-dream sequences with Don and Andrea. Both are aspects of the show's ongoing fascination with sexism, and more specifically with men's sexual and economic fear of assertive women. Just as Pete and other agency employees were inordinately scared of Peggy — and until recently tried to keep her in “her place” with locker-room banter and posturing — a lot of the show's male characters have periodically used sexual violence to terrorize and break sexually assertive women. I'm thinking especially of a couple of incidents from season two, Don's punitive groping of Bobbie Barrett (which Time Out New York's Andrew Johnston described as Don “us[ing] his masculinity as a literal blunt instrument”) and Joan's rape on the office floor by her then-fiancé Greg Harris (Samuel Page). The latter is referenced in the final scene between Joan and her husband, who volunteered for another year of service without consulting her, denying her agency in a nonviolent way just as he'd done physically in that attack near the end of season two. As my predecessor Emily Nussbaum wrote in a 2008 piece about Joan's rape, “Joan's power turned against her. And what made it particularly cruel was that her fiancé's assault was a poisoned parody of the boss-secretary role-play that was her specialty, forced on her by someone who wanted to humiliate her for her history. Joan had always emphasized the importance of discretion, and now she was locked into a different kind of secret: If she had screamed, she would have been office gossip, and no one would have called it rape anyway.” “You're not a good man,” Joan tells Greg, by way of kicking him to the curb. “You never were, even before we were married, and you know what I'm talking about.”
Don's fever dream, which feels “real” because there's no visual tell signifying that a dream sequence has started, melds the Speck murder, the rioting, and a vague and all-encompassing feeling that there's some awful threat forever lurking just beyond the boundaries of our perception, something that could spring up at any moment and destroy us. Andrea just seems to magically appear at Don and Megan's apartment like a succubus summoned by Don's repressed horn-dog urges. She's a film noir siren made hideous, so sexually insatiable that she seems more a projection of Don's own urge to conquer and possess women sexually. When she wriggles into bed with the sweaty, miserable Don, refusing to take no for an answer, even though he looks like he's at death's door, Don suddenly seems as paralyzed by terror as Joan on that office floor. It's as if he's being raped by his own masculine urges. When Don strangles the dream version of Andrea — a moment that reminded me of Tony Soprano nearly strangling his mistress Gloria to death in season 3 of The Sopranos when it became clear that she wouldn't end the relationship on his terms — the undercurrent of potentially homicidal male sexual panic that always courses beneath the surface of Mad Men breaks through and wreaks havoc.
It's a deeply problematic moment, maybe too overtly symbolic for its own good, but thrilling for that very reason; I love it when a TV show throws caution to the wind and tells the audience, in effect, “We know what our themes are; now let's set them out on this table, cut them open and look at their innards.” When Don chokes the dream Andrea, it's a personal, character-specific moment, like a lucid dream that interprets itself as you're having it. But it also ties in with the show's historical-cultural fascinations. Don is psychically attacking the potentially happiness-destroying part of himself. He's battling the sexual compulsions that have always made him a rotten candidate for matrimony — impulses that Megan correctly identified in that early scene where Andrea slinks up to Don in the elevator, completely ignoring Megan and behaving as if they're still an item. But the image also works as comment on the darkness that seemed to be reaching out toward the once-protected bourgeois circa 1966, and as a kind of preemptive critique of certain tendencies on Mad Men. The show is highlighting one of the ugliest parts of its image in order to explore it and (hopefully) own it. The two overhead shots of Don and Megan's bed post murder — the one with the high-heeled shoe poking out, and the one without — also have a dream-logic potency. The shot without the foot suggests that the tendencies have been repressed for now, subsumed beneath the veneer of normalcy.
All the material in this episode dealing with crime, oppression, repression, and fear also shows how images of violence, whether real-life or fictional, can infect everyday thoughts, and even enter fantasies and nightmares and contaminate them. One of the many things I liked about “Mystery Date” is how it foregrounds Mad Men's imaginative power over its loyal viewers. A show that gets into our heads is doing an episode about the shows inside its characters' heads. Matthew Weiner's series often includes scenes that feel like borderline meta-commentary on Mad Men, and on pop culture in general. This episode had two doozies. One is the Don-Andrea extended dream sequence. The other is the scene where Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce employees gather to gawk over photos of the Speck murders. Many of the characters in the latter scene — Peggy especially — have demonstrated sensitivity to other people's misfortune in the past. But here, virtually to a man and woman, they all treat the crime scene photos with detached fascination. It's just something ugly and spectacular to look at; they seem to treat is an abstraction — a real-world version of the shower scene in Psycho or the murders in Peeping Tom, both of which were viewed through the eyes of a viewer (or filmmaker) surrogate. It's only later, when characters are alone in the dark, that the true horror of the crime sinks in and deforms their thoughts. “All those young innocent women in their nurse uniforms, stirring his desire,” says Sally Draper's grandmother, feeding the girl's terrified fascination with the Speck killings before handing her half a Seconal. Sweet dreams.
Shankill hails its golden girl Kirsty after her medal-winning heroics at Special Olympics BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The first gold medallist for Team Ireland in the Special Olympics boarded an open top bus in Belfast yesterday to be cheered through the streets after an amazing haul of medals in Los Angeles. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/shankill-hails-its-golden-girl-kirsty-after-her-medalwinning-heroics-at-special-olympics-31428600.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/article31428597.ece/9fb61/AUTOCROP/h342/2015-08-05_new_11705909_I2.JPG
Email
The first gold medallist for Team Ireland in the Special Olympics boarded an open top bus in Belfast yesterday to be cheered through the streets after an amazing haul of medals in Los Angeles.
But Kirsty Devlin wasn't content with just one gold, and went on to scoop another during the summer games which came to a close on Sunday.
She then added another two silver medals to her name in a stunning display of acrobatic talent.
The 21-year-old Special Olympian, who trains at the Salto Gymnastic club in Belfast, was hailed a heroine yesterday at her homecoming event which culminated in a reception at Shankill Leisure Centre.
Kirsty's ceremony was one of a number to be held around Northern Ireland in the coming days to welcome home the other Ulster 11 participants who took a grand total of 19 medals for Team Ireland.
Kirsty's medals were among Team Ireland's overall tally of 26 gold, 28 silver and 28 bronze medals, as well as 41 placement ribbons. There were also 31 personal bests between their 88 athletes.
Sports Minister Carál Ní Chuilín yesterday congratulated the Ulster contingent for their great performances.
"They have done everyone proud and I also commend their coaches, their families and the many volunteers who have worked collectively to make events such as this possible," she said.
Kirsty's mum Elizabeth Devlin admitted she was jet-lagged but in jubilant spirits.
"I'm a very proud mum; I'm so proud of her, she's just fantastic," she said.
"Kirsty got involved in Special Olympics when she was 12 years old - she's 21 now and she absolutely loves it; making friends and geting out and about, everything about it."
Her brother William said the sport had enriched his sister's life.
"Sport has changed her life - she's made new friends, met new coaches and new people all over the place.
"It's been a really great experience for me, going to LA and supporting my sister as she represented Team Ireland in gymnastics. It makes me feel really, really proud of her," he added.
Local TUV councillor Jolene Bunting, who helped organise the event, said the community was delighted by Kirsty's success.
"Shankill Road girl Kirsty Devlin has done the people of Belfast as a whole extremely proud by two gold medals and two silver medals in gymnastics at the Special Olympics."
Other medallists included Sarah Jane Johnston from Lurgan, who took bronze in the 100m backstroke; equestrian winner Déarbháil Savage (15) from Co Armagh, who won two gold medals and a silver; Carole Catling from Newtownabbey who secured a gold in the table tennis, and double silver medallist kayaker Nuala Browne from Strabane.
Golfers Jill Connery of Scarva and Ursula McDonnell of Belfast gained a silver medal, as did Oliver Doherty of Buncrana, while Coleraine tenpin bowler Sean Campbell took silver, and Patrick Quinlivan of Letterkenny took three bronze medals in gymnastics.
Belfast Telegraph
Second Life's role in eduction has been something of a focus of late. Earlier in April 2014 we had the 7th annual Virtual Worlds Best Practices in Education conference once again taking place in part in SL, and which featured the Lab's CEO, Ebbe Altberg fielding a raft of questions from the audience. A recent segment from the Drax Files Radio Hour featured Liz Falconer, Professor of Technology Enhanced Learning at the University of the West of England (UWE), and Stylianos Mystakidis, E-learning Manager for the Library and Information Centre at the University of Patras, Greece.
Now the education theme continues with the latest instalment of The Drax Files, with a look at a unique experiment in learning to be conducted by Wendy Keeney-Kennicutt of Texas A&M University and Kurt Winkelman from the Florida Institute of Technology, focused around students studying chemistry.
“Specifically with chemistry, Second life is an amazing thing. So much of chemistry is based on [the] shapes of molecules and understanding the 3D nature,” Wendy says of the in-world science classes she oversees, and why chemistry in particular is a good match for Second Life.
She also notes the collaborative nature of the environment for learning as well. “You can walk around the molecule, you can sit on the molecule, I have interactive periodic tables. You have your friend with you, and your friend doesn't have to be sitting next to you looking at the screen. Your friend can be at home, you're in school together, you come in together, you build together. That's important for the learning process.”
Texas A&M University operates an impressive, multi-region faculty within Second Life, complete with a dedicated web page in the university's Instructional Technology Services website. Within the faculty regions sits “Dr. K's First Year Chem Program”, which offers a grounding in chemistry in an open-air, interactive environment. This is where Wendy teaches chemistry in a manner she notes – and despite the cost of SL regions – is apparently more cost-effective than purchasing dedicated modelling software, because SL offers a much more flexible working and creative environment than dedicated tools may provide, and can thus be better utilised to suit the needs of her students.
Up in the air above a portion of the faculty regions, and restricted to access by students, staff and invited guests, sit a number of research areas. It is here that Wendy, alongside Kurt Winkelman, studies the impact and effectiveness of teaching within a virtual environment when compared to more traditional classroom-based teaching. The study is funded by a National Science Foundation grant, and has grown out of a pilot programme run in the autumn of 2013.
For this work, Wendy uses two groups of students, each of whom is following the same course programme, with one group working in Second Life on the sky platforms, and the other working entirely in the real world. Within the virtual learning environment, efforts have been taken to present students with much the same requirements and activities their counterparts have to perform in the real world: gases must be handled, weighed, measured, etc., just as they do in a real-world lab in order for valid results to be obtained. The study is currently at the half-way mark, and due to complete in April 2015.
One of the interesting outcomes of the study is that those students in SL behave in very much the same way as those in the real world chemistry lab. The same caution and responsibility is demonstrated in handling and manipulating butane as would be expected in a real chemistry lab, despite the risk of injury resulting from the flammable nature of the gas obviously being non-existent in SL. This in turn has resulted in the students working within the SL environment to retain a kinesthetic ability in using and manipulating the science equipment which is on a par with that demonstrated by the students working the physical equipment.
More interestingly, the students working in the SL lab reported they enjoyed themselves far more there than in the real lab, and felt they were much more focused, and suffered from less distraction. Even their ability to read-back and interpret data appears to be significantly better than seen within the real lab.
The kinesthetic learning (also known as tactile learning, wherein the student learns by carrying out a physical activity) results evident in the programme are interesting, as are the overall results to date.
The findings so far released as a part of the study – notably the results of the pilot programme – tally very well with the benefits of situational learning discussed by Liz Falconer in episode 15 of The Drax Files Radio Hour, where she noted the benefits students experience through narrative learning.
While chemistry is a more procedural activity than a narrative undertaking, the approaches used in the SL environment point very strongly to students working within the environment reacting in a similar manner to those placed in situational learning environments: their kinesthetic abilities are sharpened, even though the level of interaction with the equipment they're using is very different to that of the physical lab, as noted above. Also of interest is the observation made as a result of the pilot programme that the artificial nature of the SL environment caused the students to be more focused on procedure and technique, rather than on results – a very important aspect of research chemistry.
There is still another year to go with the primary study, but the results, as indicated by Wendy in the video, seem to be reflecting those obtained during the pilot programme. as such, it'll be interesting to see what does emerge when findings are fully published. In particular, it'll be interesting to see if the finding examine the role played by aspects such as the viewer UI in shaping students' experiences and learning abilities in the SL-based environments (e.g. were better results obtained purely because students found the virtual environment a more enjoyable environment for learning, or because the nature of the viewer UI encouraged a greater need for focus and help eliminate more common elements of distraction among students?).
Towards the end of the video, Wendy (Julia Tiraxibar in SL) talks more broadly about the potential of Second Life for education and educators, and makes some interesting and valid points about students travelling around SL (remembering that we're talking here about students 18 and over, and therefore with the freedom of movement we all enjoy in SL). Her remarks here match the common-sense attitude expressed by Liz Falconer in episode 15 of The Drax Files Radio Hour.
This is another excellent video segment, one which takes a slightly different tack to others in the series, but which again offers much food for thought and which certainly stands as a very focused piece which would appear to be ideally suited for helping promote SL within the education sector. As such, it is one I'd strongly encourage teachers and educators to bookmark and not be afraid to show to colleagues – and indeed, for students to put before their teachers and faculty staff.
Related Links
Advertisements
Android users finally have a way to watch Amazon Prime Instant Video on their phones, though it requires a small workaround.
To stream Amazon's selection of movies and TV shows, you first need to install the main Amazon app for Android. Although the app now includes an “Amazon Instant Video” section that lets you browse the catalog, it doesn't let you watch videos straight away.
When you actually try to play a video, you'll be prompted to install a standalone Prime Instant Video app from Amazon's own app store. That means you'll have to turn on app sideloading from unknown sources, though Amazon helps guide you through the process if you don't have this setting enabled already.
Once the Prime Instant Video app is installed, you can return to the main Amazon app to watch videos. You can also purchase non-Prime movies and TV shows straight from the app and watch them on your phone.
Until now, Amazon has only supported iOS devices, Kindle Fire tablets and the Fire phone for watching videos on the go. An old workaround allowed Android users to watch videos through a web browser, but this stopped working after Google dropped support for Adobe Flash Player in Android 4.1.
Keep in mind that Amazon requires a separate app for Android tablets, but this app doesn't yet include video playback. Tablet users who want to tap into Amazon's video library will just have to wait, or buy a Kindle Fire.
This story, "Amazon Instant Video and Prime Instant Video finally arrive on Android phones" was originally published by Greenbot .
American officials said Tuesday that Mr. McCain's case highlighted the difficulty of identifying Americans who want to travel to Syria to fight alongside rebels. When the United States faced a similar problem with Somalis several years ago, it was far easier for the authorities to identify those who wanted to travel there to fight because that conflict mostly attracted Somalis. And Somalis live in just a few cities in the United States.
But the Syrian conflict has attracted people from all different ages and parts of the United States — including many with no connection to Syria.
In May, Moner Mohammad Abusalha, a 22-year-old Florida man who had traveled to Syria to join the Nusra Front, died in a suicide bomb attack. He had an American mother and a Palestinian father. A year earlier, Nicole Lynn Mansfield, 33, of Flint, Mich., was killed with Syrian rebels in Idlib Province.
The federal authorities learned only after he arrived in the country that Mr. McCain had traveled to Syria, according to senior American officials. In response, the American authorities included him on a watch list of potential terrorism suspects maintained by the federal government. Had Mr. McCain tried to re-enter the country, he would have almost certainly faced an extra level of scrutiny before boarding any commercial airliner bound for the United States, the officials said.
It is not clear how Mr. McCain was recruited by ISIS and traveled to Syria. According to his Facebook page, he went to Canada and Sweden last year. Many Americans and Europeans who have ended up in Syria have tried to disguise their travels by passing through other countries before heading to Turkey and crossing over its porous border with Syria.
His posts on Twitter, where he went by the name Duale Khalid, give clues to his mind-set. In one message from December 2012, he said that the movie “The Help,” which is about black maids in the South, made him “hate white people.” Other posts disparaged Somalis and gays.
It was on Twitter that he also discussed religion. He said that he was a convert to Islam and that it was the “best thing” that had ever happened to him. “It's funny to me how all these so call Muslim claim that they love Allah but always curse the one who try to implement his laws,” he said in one post.
Packaging Sculpt Paint Articulation Accessories Final Thoughts Overall I really like this figure and there's really nothing big I don't like about him. His sculpt and paint are well done and he looks fantastic on display on his glider. In a perfect world, I'd have loved to see some articulation on the glider. Overall Score 4 Worth Buying Your Rating Readers Rating
1 votes 5 To search eBay for this figure: CLICK HERE
Last week we took a look at the Diamond Select Storm review and this week we have the Marvel Select Green Goblin Figure Review gliding right on in. Right from the moment that I had received this guy I was pretty excited about doing a review on him. He's just got that look, it's an evil look, but I like it. DST really did a good job on the Green Goblin. Let's take a closer look.
Click on the images for a full size view.
Packaging
The packaging that the Green Goblin comes in is the standard oversized collectors packaging. The packaging does a good job at showing off figure inside and all of the accessories. The packaging also has a bunch of goblins themed artwork on the packaging. On the left side of the package, there's a big blown out image of the Green Goblin, which is actually my favorite part.
On the back of the package, you get an in-depth bio of the character and a preview of Colossus and Gambit. There's also a nice image of the figure outside of the packaging.
Sculpt
The sculpting job is fantastic. Like I said before, he has a very evil look to him. His arms and legs feature nicely sculpted scaly looking chain mail, while on his torso is more like a purple tunic with lots of appropriate fabric wrinkles. His body has the perfect slender build to fit the character.
The Goblin has an awesome ear to ear grin that fits him perfectly. It makes him look that much better when he is riding on his glider. The head does seem a little bit too big for the body, but it's not that big of a deal.
The only accessories that he comes with is an interchangeable right hand and his man purse. He can have either a pumpkin hand or a closed fist. Personally, I prefer the pumpkin hands.
The glider is pretty basic. It's just like base with a couple peg holes to help him stand up. It would have been pretty cool if you could angle the glider at different angles for alternate posing.
Paint
The paint was pretty well done on this figure too. There was lots of shading in the purples of the costume and it was pulled off well. The scales on his arms and legs were painted with metallic green paint, giving them a metal look. I really like this touch and it was pulled off perfectly.
His face has a lighter green color with a wash that seeps into the wrinkles and his teeth look disgusting, almost like they are bleeding. He really looks great.
Articulation
The goblin actually has some pretty good articulation. He has:
Ball joint neck
Ball joint shoulders
Swivel/hinge elbows
Swivel wrists
Swivel waist
Ball joint hips
Swivel/hinge knees
Swivel/hinge ankles
Everything that you could want is there for making him look good on his glider. The only thing that is missing that would help a little bit would be an ab crunch, but you can get away without it.
Overall
Overall I really like this figure and there's really nothing I don't like about him. His sculpt and paint are pretty well done and he looks fantastic on display on his glider. This guy would make a great addition to any Marvel Select Display.
Ordering Options
UPDATE: eBay is your best bet for finding this figure. Click this link to: search eBay for the Marvel Select Green Goblin action figure.
This figure was provided for review by the manufacturer.
India's Chief Economic Adviser Arvind Subramanian has been commenting on crucial aspects of the economy, flagging problems and offering solutions.
Here are seven essential points raised by the Chief Economic Adviser (CEA):
Economic Growth: India has the potential of achieving economic growth rate of 8.5 percent per year, Subramanian told Mint in an interview. India's GDP grew 5.7 percent in the first quarter of 2017-18 down from 7.9% in the same quarter a year ago.
Economic problems: The CEA has cited two main problems for India's economy — one is the weak demand and the other is the balance-sheet problem created by highly leveraged corporate entities and banks ridden with non-performing assets. Once corporate balance sheets are clean, it would trigger investment demand, he said. Recovery of the financial health of banks would also create an upsurge in credit offtake, as per the newspaper.
Bank reform: The economy's revival significantly depends on rational reforms in the banking sector, the CEA said. In doing so, “shrinking the fundamentally unviable banks, ensuring/creating risk assessment capability in the PSBs (public sector banks), and bringing in more majority private sector ownership will be terribly important reforms,” he told the Mint.
Transitional and structural issues: In another interview to Mint, the Chief Economic Adviser admitted that a number of economic indicators were implying “deceleration of economic activity”. But not all of them were result of the two big reforms — GST and demonetisation.
“GST and demonetisation, I see as transitional negative supply and demand shocks. Since they are transitional, we will hopefully move beyond them,” he said. The problem was more structural, he emphasised.
Among structural issues he mentioned the two balance sheet problems, the “Oil Shock”, along with farm loan waivers which will weigh on the economy.
GST Slabs: According to Subramanian, in near future, the multiple GST rates would converge into three slabs. The three would comprise of a “poor man's” rate within 0-5 percent, a “core” rate merging the rates ranging from 12-18 percent, and the demerit rate of 28 percent, he told the Economic Times in an interview.
He also said that there was no possibility of having a singular tax rate for all items as had been suggested by the GST proposal of Congress. “In India, we will never get one slab. We have too much of a socialist mindset and for a good reason,” he added.
More items under GST: Real estate and natural gas are likely to come under GST soon. He also batted for inclusion of electricity.
“I want electricity to come in very early because it will enhance competitiveness and help meet the ‘Make in India' objectives,” he told ET.
Tax Base: The man at the center of India's economic decisions also said that tax collections under GST were happening properly and added that people would be surprised by amount of expansion the country's tax base has reached, as per the ET article.
The growth was around 12-13 percent, which was not bad, he mentioned while pointing out that states would not experience a shortfall.
Story highlights Barbara Byrd-Bennett faces 15 counts of mail fraud and five for wire fraud
Her attorney says she is taking responsibility for her part of what prosecutors call a bribery scheme
An indictment alleges she was supposed to get a 10% kickback for each contract she helped a former employer win
(CNN) The former head of Chicago Public Schools intends to plead guilty to 20 charges that she used her power to channel to no-bid contracts worth more than $23 million to a prior employer, a federal prosecutor told reporters Thursday.
Barbara Byrd-Bennett, 66, will plead guilty to 15 counts of mail fraud and five counts of wire fraud, said Zachary T. Fardon, U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Illinois.
Byrd-Bennett's attorney, Michael Scudder, said his client would do so "as part of accepting full responsibility for her conduct."
Scudder said Byrd-Bennett will continue to cooperate with prosecutors and will testify if needed.
Byrd-Bennett is accused of helping SUPES Entities win contracts to train school administrators or consult in the school system. She was promised a 10% kickback from each contract that would be paid on the first day after she left her job as CEO of the school system and rejoined SUPES, an indictment alleges.
Read More
Building Plans Four building plans are included in the game, each offering a different playing experience. Choose one of the buildings at the beginning of the game. The game is played in three rounds with two phases, the quarry phase and the building phase. After the third round, the player with the most points wins.
Quarry Phase Each round the quarry is filled with tokens. Move the worker token through the quarry and collect tokens. Collect a token from every stepped on space. You must end your turn on the outer ring and collect at least one token every turn. Once all tokens have been collected, move on to the building phase.
Building Phase Build tokens on the building plan alternately. Every player must add one construction token to the monument in his turn, scoring points. A construction plan shows which tokens of a specific color must be placed on which level. If you are not able to place tokens, you have to pass. For each construction token left, you will lose a point.
For the first few years of their existence, Bring Me The Horizon seemed to draw more ire than adoration within their native U.K.'s metal scene. Having dropped their debut EP while still in their teens and following it up with 2006's Count Your Blessings, they were frequently derided as kids who cared more about their hair than the quality of their deathcore. Then, in 2008, they dropped Suicide Season and everything changed. Showcasing an entirely reinvented––and unique––sound, many of the haters pulled a 180. With each subsequent release, BMTH's songwriting skills, ambition, profile, and critical adulation have grown, and they've matured into one of the most exciting and vital bands in contemporary alternative music.
1. “Chelsea Smile” (Suicide Season, 2008)
Between its armor-plated juddering, deranged energy, titanic breakdown and insidiously catchy hooks, “Chelsea Smile” is the kind of anthem every mosher wishes to lose their proverbial shit to. Oli Sykes has never sounded more lairy and eager to get into a fight, and the ambient bridge leading to the aforementioned breakdown is straight up gorgeous.
2. “Can You Feel My Heart” (Sempiternal, 2013)
It's hard to be genuinely haunting and balls-out heavy at the same time, but “Can You Feel My Heart” makes for the perfect combination, with a gigantic, fist-in-the-air chorus thrown in for good measure. Introducing the more integrated electronic elements they debuted on their fourth full-length, it's hard to imagine they will ever play a set without it.
3. “Sleepwalking” (Sempiternal, 2013)
This could well serve as a master class on how to write a song that will dominate rock radio without sacrificing any of your band's personality. Boasting perhaps the most rousing chorus in their catalog, a stuttering breakdown and a sublime bridge featuring Sykes' most tender croon before the gigantic climax, everything about this song is moving.
4. “Drown” (Single, 2014)
Released as a standalone single, “Drown” is far and away the most melodic track the band have yet penned, and it is a glorious thing, indeed. With its surging opening, massive choruses and the sense of optimism that shines through its apparent negativity, it is perfectly realized. If it's a hint of where they're going next, the future could be a wonderful place.
5. “The Comedown” (Suicide Season, 2008)
Kicking off their second full-length with this adrenaline-fueled monster made it abundantly clear that BMTH had shaken off the growing pains of their early lackluster deathcore. Lean, mercilessly tight and showcasing Oli Sykes' throat-stripping shriek, it heralded the arrival of one of the greatest reinventions in heavy music.
6. “Crucify Me” (There Is A Hell, Believe Me I've Seen It. There Is A Heaven, Let's Keep It A Secret, 2010)
Once again redefining their sound, there is perhaps no more ambitious a song in the BMTH arsenal. Six minutes and 20 seconds long, “Crucify Me” features post-rock guitars, snarling metal riffs, skittering electronics cutting up a choir's contribution and the gentle tones of electro-popper Lights. It comes together to form something exhilarating, a song which really should not work quite as well as it does.
7. “The Fox And The Wolf” (There Is A Hell, Believe Me I've Seen It. There Is A Heaven, Let's Keep It A Secret, 2010)
Had BMTH ended There Is A Hell… with the bleaker than bleak “Blessed With A Curse,” fans might have worried their favorite band had come to the end of their emotional rope. Thankfully, they jammed in this 103-second blast of sneering hardcore violence––featuring Josh Scogin of the Chariot––to wrap things up in breathlessly brutal fashion.
8. “No Need For Introductions, I've Read About Girls Like You On The Backs Of Toilet Doors (Ben Weinman Remix)” (Suicide Season: Cut Up!, 2009)
Taking the most overtly hostile track from Suicide Season, the Dillinger Escape Plan's Ben Weinman contorts it into a maniacal electro-skronk headfuck, dragging the track to an even more deranged––and compelling––intensity than the original.
9. “Suicide Season” (Suicide Season, 2008)
The longest––and most poignant––track on the album of the same name, this captures a far more introspective and desperate side to the band. An air of confusion and sense of struggle yank the heartstrings without lapsing into cliché, and the epic scale is drama personified.
10. “Shadow Moses” (Sempiternal, 2013)
The gang chorus that kicks things off was destined to be screamed back by thousands of baying fans, and the rest of the song doesn't disappoint. A diamond-hard riff, a decent dose of sneering vitriol and plenty of space to let that chorus soar make “Shadow Moses” one of their finest moments.
ALTERNATIVE
10. “Tell Slater Not To Wash His Dick” (Count Your Blessings, 2006)
Though not drastically different from the chunder surrounding it, this track pushes ahead of everything else on Count Your Blessings. Charged up with exuberant energy and rich melody woven into its riffs, Lee Malia's shrill atmospheric lead at the climax hints that great things were to come from his six strings.
On Friday evening, former congressman and presidential candidate Ron Paul delivered the keynote address to the 5th Annual Young Americans For Liberty National Conference.
Paul founded YAL in 2008 during his first presidential campaign, as an organized effort to attract young people on college campuses to the libertarian movement. The four-day national conference focuses primarily on education seminars, leadership training and developing youth activism and, lead by prominent sponsors such as the Leadership Institute and CATO. Five years since its start, YAL “is the largest, most active, and fastest-growing pro-liberty organization on America's college campuses, with more than 380 chapters and 125,000 student activists nationwide.”
Paul attended a press conference before he delivered his address to over 300 students, who were eagerly anticipating his arrival. In Paul's opening statement to the press, he explained that his passion to work with students derived from their “intense interest in the philosophy of liberty.” He declared that young, liberty-minded people were the solution to government corruption and growth, as they will be the most likely to stand up say, “we believe in liberty, (and) we believe in minding our own business.”
When asked by a reporter if the outstanding charges against Bradley Manning had merit, Paul responded: “there's some criminality there, and that's with the government.” He felt strongly that Manning has already been “overly punished” and expressed deep concerns over the government's ever-growing power.
“The more it's like an empire,” Paul said, “it's more likely the truth is considered treason.”
When asked about Senator Rand Paul's recent debate with Governor Chris Christie over the NSA scandal and the role of national security, Paul shyly smiled:
“You'd have to talk to my son, and, uh, who's the other guy?”
While most politicians remain reserved in front of the press, Paul was actively engaged with the reporters; he went up to them personally when they spoke and he encouraged follow-up questions—a clear sign that Paul has developed even more confidence in his staunch libertarian, isolationist policies since leaving office.
When Paul entered the room to deliver his address, the students immediately jumped to their feet and burst out cheering for well over two minutes; despite the growing popularity of liberty-minded politicians like Senator Rand Paul and Congressman Amash, there was no doubt that Ron Paul still acts as their figure head and celebrity in the liberty movement.
Congressman Paul has a reputation for being outspoken and critical of Washington politics; however, his forty minute speech revealed new levels of dissatisfaction that could only be expressed once leaving political office.
He began his speech by encouraging the students to remain active in the movement, believing their efforts will be the biggest force of change in the country:
“That is where the revolution is, it's on your campus,” he exclaimed. It's going to be a “revolution of ideas, it's going to be a non-violent revolution…but we have an idea who's time has come and nobody's going to stop it.”
His speech quickly turned critical of the current political climate in Washington and his disappointment with both major parties for upholding the ‘statist quo'. He bluntly accused liberals of driving the country into poverty through bad policies of overspending and debt accumulation:
“Well that's a good way to have equality, of poverty,” Paul explained. “We've tried all the statism and all the varieties of statism…it's time we had something really (new)…(and) that's individual liberty protecting your rights.”
Paul was just as critical of the Republicans as he was of the Democrats, often lumping them in together for promoting big-government policy and interventionism:
“Republicans and Democrats are exactly alike,” he exclaimed, “(and) they all want to go to war.”
Slightly later into the speech, he attacked their similarities again, declaring:
“They spend the money, they print the money, the growth the debt, they start the wars!”
Paul came around full circle at the end of his speech, returning to a positive message of hope and change, driven by young people.
”The revolution will be with young people. And it has to have music.”
Young Americans for Liberty held its 5th National Convention at George Mason University from July 31st-August 3rd.
Tears flowing, makeup running, hearts breaking, cats watching their owner make a fool of themselves on TV? Must be bachelor season. I had some trouble capturing my feelings from the premiere. It was good but not great, awkward but not over the top, humorous but not hilarious. Maybe it's more my fault for having such high expectations. I just couldn't help but feel something was missing. In case you haven't heard, Ben Higgins is our bachelor this year. He is visited by the 3 duds (ghosts) of Bachelor's past: Shawn (got married to Catherine), Jason (picked one girl and then changed his mind and married the runner-up), and Chris (picked the girl he didn't want because the one he did (she's in this episode) didn't want him). Not necessarily the 3 people you want giving you advice, but at least they have all Ben (last one I swear) in the same position. The only thing I can remember is that Chris told him to make out with as many as you can. How did that go for you Chris? After they finish bro ing out Ben and Chris Harrison are at the bachelor house ready to get things started. Harrison gives him a few words of encouragement/freaks him out and here come the limos.
The limo intros (Limtros) are one of the biggest highlights of the entire season. Each girl gets out trying to look like a million bucks, some bring weird props, the bachelor always turns around and says things like how lucky they are and can't believe how many came here just for him. I won't cover them all because a lot are hi my name is desperate hoe number X, I can't wait to see you inside. But some are more memorable. The first one of note is Mandi. She has a giant rose on her head and claims that she is the first impression rose. That might have been the most normal thing she did all night. Next up is is Caila. She runs and jumps in his arms. Nothing out of the ordinary, but earlier in the episode they always highlight a couple of girls and show them working or hanging out at home. Caila was one of those girls, and she said something along the lines of her breaking up with her boyfriend when she found out Ben was the bachelor. How much puss is at your disposal if girls will break up with their boyfriend just because you announce that you're single? Ben was also presented with a pair of twins that emerged from the limo. Just about everyone had one of two things go through their head; I wonder if they are into 3 ways, does anyone else remember that twins commercial:
Jami is Canadian and mentions that she knows last year's bachelorette Kaitlyn. She jokes that it's because all Canadians know each other. Since you not only come to the blog for entertainment purposes I will throw in some trivia in that 90% of all Canadians live within 100 miles of the US/Canadian border.
Lace is up next and Lace is not one we will soon forget. If you look back at my initial preview for these chicks you'll see that I wrote this about Lace: ‘ I'm really getting a Kelsey vibe from this one. You remember Kelsey, the girl that needed to share her dead husband's story. If Lace could be anyone she answered herself, only richer. I'm willing to bet that Lace doesn't have very many girlfriends and just can't figure out why.' If Kelsey didn't kill her husband my money is on Lace. She tells Ben to close his eyes and she kisses him. Lace is very pretty and might be psychotic but she mumbles when she talks. I think it might be because her teeth get in the way:
More on her as the night unfolds.
Next up is Lauren R, but only the audience is privy to that information. In her haste in telling Ben she is a stalker she forgets to say her name. He asks several times and she either ignores him, doesn't hear him, or is too busy wondering how many grandkids they are going to have. Other than the bachelor when else is it ok to let someone that won't tell you their name and knows everything about you into a house? The next girl spoke entirely in Russian. We didn't hear one word of English from her the entire episode. Never thought that strategy would work but she somehow ended up with a rose at the end of the night. I bet she would have been real impressed had he hit her up with this:
Будете ли вы принять этот розу?
As many people know, the bachelor franchise usually gets criticized for not having enough people of culture on this show, and those that are brought on usually don't make it very far. This season ended up being no different as we saw yet another walk out the door far too soon. I am of course talking about the ginger:
All jokes aside I was pulling for Laura. She was one of the few that seemed down to earth and possibly a little funny. But seeing a ginger make it past the first night is about as likely as having a unicorn show up. Speaking of:
That would be Jo-Jo. She made some awful fairy tale joke after freaking Ben out.
Megan brought a mini horse. Hope she returned it to Rob and Big after the show:
Rachel came in on what the kids are calling a hoverboard. It went a little better than Gob trying to get around at the Bluth construction site:
By they way, can we think of a different name for “hoverboard”? We all know it's not hovering. It has wheels. It will now be known as wheelieboard (working title).
That sums up the entrances. After the last girl headed in, Ben decided to try and make himself even more endearing and called up his parents and tell them he thinks he has a great group of girls. He is later joined by Becca who finished second on Chris Soules season and Amber who finished it doesn't matter. Girls get upset and it's just kind of whatever. These two will be addressed in future posts.
When Ben arrives the ladies applaud and complement him profusely. He starts to give his little speech about finding love and can't wait to take this journey and before he finishes Mandi the flower girl grabs him and takes off. She isn't messing around. Mandi is a dentist and therefore has no choice but to give Ben an oral examination. She tells him to open wide and all I can think about are how wide apart her tits are from the cast photo.
Mandi also look like a certain celebrity. If they had several surgeries botched:
(I love how much Heather Graham hates bras)
You can't really tell from just this picture, but you'll notice it right away when you watch, if you haven't already.
So we need to hand out the first impression rose. This is both a blessing and a curse. Sure, you are likely to be around for a while if chosen to get that coveted flower, but I don't think anyone has ever won after getting it. It's kind of like the Par 3 tournament they have at the Masters each year. Yeah it's cool to win, but no one has ever gone on to win the Masters after winning the Par 3. This year our (un)lucky golfer is Olivia. She told Ben that she quit her job as a news anchor to come find love. I've got some late breaking news to Olivia:
That was retarded
Rose ceremony time. Most of whom you'd expect to get a rose got one. We get down to the last one and our good friend Lace is freaking out. She ends up getting the last rose, but she isn't happy. Immediately afterwards she pulls Ben aside and tells him she did not get enough eye contact at the ceremony. Lace is one of those that needs constant affirmation. Ben, as nicely as you possibly can ask her what the fuck she is talking about. If I'm Ben I ask to see her rose and I snap it in half over my knee like Bo fucking Jackson does to baseball bats:
There you have it. Another premiere in the books. I'm still 50/50 on how good this season is going to play out. They showed some previews on what to expect this season but I don't like speculating. So for all those girls that didn't get a rose:
See you next week
- Nick
A federal appellate court has put on hold a lawsuit against Baltimore State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby brought by five of the officers charged in the arrest and death of Freddie Gray, pending the outcome of her appeal of the case.
The officers sued Mosby in April 2016 for malicious prosecution, and a federal district judge had ordered that discovery and depositions should go forward as Mosby appealed the suit.
On Friday the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ordered a stay of the district court proceedings until Mosby's appeal has been decided.
Mosby, who is being represented by the Maryland attorney general's Office, is arguing that as a prosecutor she has immunity from civil claims. Her attorneys said she has a "strong likelihood of success on appeal" and shouldn't have to go through the discovery process.
"The public ... has a substantial interest in having Ms. Mosby's immunity assertions resolved as efficiently, expeditiously, and fairly as possible, which is served by her unfettered presentation of those defenses to the appellate court," Assistant Attorney General Karl A. Pothier wrote in a March motion.
Lt. Brian Rice, Sgt. Alicia White, and Officers Garrett Miller, Edward Nero and William Porter have sued Mosby and Assistant Sheriff Samuel Cogen, alleging they brought false charges, which Mosby and Cogen deny. Cogen filled out the statement of probable cause charging the officers.
Rice and Nero were acquitted by a judge in bench trials last year, along with Officer Caesar Goodson, who is not part of the lawsuit. In July, Mosby dropped the remaining charges against Miller, Porter and White.
U.S. District Judge Marvin Garbis allowed key parts of the lawsuit to move forward, including claims of malicious prosecution, defamation and invasion of privacy.
Garbis said Mosby does not enjoy immunity in the case because her office acted as independent investigators and not simply prosecutors.
Mosby's opening brief to the appellate court judges is due June 13, with a response from the officers' attorneys due July 13. The court said a reply to that response could be filed 14 days after the response brief is submitted.
Pothier wrote that while Mosby said at a May 1, 2015, news conference that her office had conducted an independent investigation, the officers' claims relate to her evaluation of evidence and not any investigative work.
"The relevant alleged acts and omissions relate to the assessment and evaluation of evidence and the drawing of legal conclusions, which necessarily involve the exercise of professional judgment of the prosecutor as advocate," Pothier wrote.
Mosby's attorneys note that a grand jury also found probable cause for the charges, and that the trial judge, Barry Williams, rejected attempts during the trials to have the charges dismissed.
"A public official may be liable only when he or she transgresses a bright line," Pothier wrote.
The case is the second involving Mosby that will be argued before the 4th Circuit. Also pending is an appeal by Keri Borzilleri, a former assistant state's attorney who argued she was wrongly fired because she supported Mosby's opponent in the 2014 election. A federal judge dismissed the lawsuit, saying prosecutors are "at-will" employees and can be fired for having a different viewpoint. Borzilleri now works as a special assistant U.S. attorney.
The court hears arguments from September through May.
jfenton@baltsun.com
twitter.com/justin_fenton
The second time around has been far sweeter for Temple, who reentered the Big East after a seven-year hiatus looking nothing like their former selves. Currently at 3-2 overall and 2-0 in the conference, the Owls are exceeding expectations with an unheralded roster and plenty of heart and grit.
During their first stint with the Big East, which began in 1991, the Owls were the doormat of the conference. Things got so bad that in 2004 they were politely asked to find a new conference in which to play. But it took the program hitting rock bottom to revitalize Temple's commitment to football and now Temple is making the most of its second opportunity.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The biggest step may have come last weekend with a 17-14 overtime win at UConn, which gave Temple its first consecutive Big East wins for the first time in program history.
Second-year head coach Steve Addazio has a lot to do with Temple's upswing. Before coming to Temple to replace Al Golden, who is now at Miami, Addazio was the offensive coordinator at Florida. His program is built like him — a bit rough and rugged.
"I don't know that we're doing something differently, it's just that we're in the second year of the program and I feel the philosophy of who we want to be continues to take hold even with the loss of so many talented players we've had," Addazio said during his Tuesday press conference. "That's important, having that resolve."
Story continues
The game last weekend in Storrs showed that "resolve" with a dramatic fourth quarter comeback that embodied the spirit of Addazio's team. But getting that third Big East victory might prove elusive with No. 15 Rutgers up next. While Rutgers boasts a handful of future NFL players, the Owls are very much the opposite, having lost three players to the NFL Draft last season - the highest ever number in program history.
On Signing Day, Addazio hauled in the No. 76 recruiting class in the nation according to Rivals.com, the top ranking in the MAC. But now that the Owls have bolted for the Big East, the class would rank as No. 7 in their new conference. There would seem to be a talent deficiency, but their start indicates otherwise with victories over South Florida two weeks ago and then UConn last week. It is a team playing far better than pundits predicted.
"We're still young, we're still inconsistent we still make far too many mistakes in football games and they're costly for us," Addazio said. "That's where we are right now but the fundamental building block is built on toughness, passion for the game, never allowing your will to be broke and we're seeing signs of that and that's a great foundation. That other stuff? It is what it is. "
Saturday's game against the Owls' first nationally-ranked opponent of the season provides a challenge for Addazio. The Scarlet Knights are coming off a convincing home win over UConn two weeks ago and a tighter than expected game against Syracuse last week. Ironically, Addazio was a candidate for the Rutgers job when Greg Schiano left to take the Tampa Bay Buccaneers job just a week before Signing Day. Instead, the job went to Schiano's top assistant, Kyle Flood, who has added a bit of charisma to the post in taking Rutgers to 6-0 and 3-0 in the Big East.
Despite making some headway in the Big East, Temple still has a long way to go, even with its own fan base. In an effort to drum up support for this weekend's game, Addazio made an impassioned plea for fans to turn out. The top attendance for the Owls this season was 32,709, and that was for the season opener against crosstown rival, Villanova. With Lincoln Financial Field holding twice the capacity of that Villanova game and with Rutgers expecting to bring more than 10,000 fans, Addazio has to wear both the hat of head coach and also head ticket scalper as he continues to sell Philadelphia on his team.
"It's exciting, I hope that Philadelphia will come out and support this game like no other," Addazio said. "I could see no reason why the stands wouldn't be packed. We've got a local team within a couple hour radius coming in here that's ranked 15th in the country. Out students - every single student on this campus - should be there. Philadelphia should be there.
"It's in the 'Linc,' it's a beautiful college football Saturday, we're 2-0 in the Big East trying to be 3-0, they're undefeated in the Big East. It's a geographic rivalry game. What an atmosphere. I hope we have a tremendous turnout for a great day of football; the kickoff is at noon. I don't know what else you could be doing, raking leaves or something?"
For Addazio, he hopes to rake in another victory.
- - -
"Like" Dr. Saturday on Facebook for football conversations and stuff you won't see on the blog. Follow Kristian R. Dyer at @KristianRDyer. And follow Dr. Saturday at its new home on Twitter: @YahooDrSaturday
A president who wants to boost economic growth should avoid ideology and focus instead on “evidence-based policies.” Unfortunately, lots of policy in Washington is based on what people hope will work, not what actually works.
The standard, but failed, approach often advocated by conservatives is to cut taxes for high-income households. Ever since the 1970s, when Jude Wanniski and Arthur Laffer came up with what's become known as supply-side economics, conservative politicians have found it difficult to resist the notion that tax cuts for high-income households are good for all and will “trickle down” to the rest of the economy. In the extreme versions that thrived through the beginning of the Reagan Administration, some supply-siders argued that tax cuts would pay for themselves by substantially increasing overall economic growth. Decades of experience make that claim impossible to support, so advocates now make the more modest claim that tax cuts will spur enough growth to make up a large enough share of the revenue losses to still be good economic policy.
But the record is clear that deficit-financed tax cuts on high-income households and businesses have failed to boost growth at the federal or state level in the U.S., or in other countries. For example, when growth is (appropriately) measured from peak to peak of the business cycle, the vaunted Reagan tax cuts produced a period of only average growth. Indeed, research by Martin Feldstein, President Reagan's former chief economist, and Douglas Elmendorf, the former Democrat-appointed Congressional Budget Office Director, concluded that the 1981 tax cuts had virtually no net impact on growth. Instead, the post-recession recovery of the early 1980s benefited primarily from the Fed's decision to reduce interest rates.
The record is clear that deficit-financed tax cuts on high-income households and businesses have failed to boost growth at the federal or state level in the U.S., or in other countries.
Nor did the 2001 and 2003 Bush tax cuts stimulate much, if any, growth. Despite cuts in tax rates on ordinary income, capital gains, dividends and estates, the economy grew sluggishly after 2001. Moreover, even that lackluster growth is generally attributed to the Fed's expansionary monetary policy (and to a housing boom that unfortunately went bust and triggered the Great Recession of 2008-9).
States have not fared better with high-income tax cuts. On the advice of Donald Trump's economic advisor Stephen Moore and others, Gov. Sam Brownback (R-KS) argued in 2012 that an income tax cut would be “like a shot of adrenaline into the heart of the Kansas economy.” Alas, the tax cuts coincided with an economic decline that continues to this day. In the wake of faltering revenues, the state has cut education and raised more regressive taxes. Other states that enacted tax cuts have similar stories to tell.
Top tax rate cuts fare no better in cross-country comparisons. There is no relationship between changes in top marginal tax rates and growth between 1960-2010. For example, the United States cut its top rate by over 40 percentage points and grew just over 2 percent annually per capita over that period. Germany and Denmark, which barely changed their top rates at all, experienced about the same growth rate.
Thus, high-income tax cuts have not magically improved economic growth. Instead, the next president should focus on building economic capacity with new investments in infrastructure, research and development (R&D), education, and anti-poverty programs.
Research from a wide variety of sources broadly supports the notion that public infrastructure and R&D investments increase private sector productivity and GDP. The impacts of public investment are greatest during periods of low growth. Federal investments in R&D have aided the rise of modern medicine (such as the human genome) and technology (the microwave, the internet). Public R&D policies can boost private R&D and increase productivity by generating knowledge that leads to new goods and services and improvements in existing ones. Investments in R&D can also drive down the price of new technologies, making them available to more people.
Research from a wide variety of sources broadly supports the notion that public infrastructure and R&D investments increase private sector productivity and GDP.
Federal investments in education lead toward a more skilled workforce, raising earnings and spurring innovation. Workers with only a high school education are twice as likely to be unemployed as those with at least a bachelor's degree. Looking outside the U.S, an extra year of school is associated with a significant increase in per capita income.
There are also gains to investments in early childhood education: the earlier the intervention, the more cost-effective, which is why policymakers have been focused on pre-school. Children who attend early high-quality care and education programs are less likely to engage in criminal behavior later in life and more likely to graduate from high school and college. Reducing the cost of preschool effectively increases a mother's net wage, making it more likely she will return to the labor market.
Spending on effective social programs provides immediate benefits to low-income families and can improve long-term economic growth. For example, the Earned Income Tax Credit provides a critical tax break to low-income families and contributes toward a number of economic benefits: the increased income security contributes to better health; much of the credit's benefit structure encourages work; and the credit can lead to increased college enrollment, which leads to higher wages. Nutrition assistance programs improve beneficiaries' health and also increase economic independence, while housing assistance programs such as portable vouchers can improve educational attainment and future earnings by allowing families to relocate from housing projects with concentrated poverty to areas with more diverse incomes and higher levels of upward mobility. Spending for low-income health programs such as Medicaid and the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) can improve economic outcomes; improved children's health leads to a healthier future adult population, and better health leads to work stability and increased education completion.
A significant investment – say, 1 percent of GDP per year – could be made in the programs above and would spur broad-based, inclusive growth.
Added growth would boost revenues, but not by enough to pay for this new spending, thus raising the public debt. The effects of debt cannot be ignored. Fueled by rising Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid obligations, our growing debt will eventually become a drag on economic growth. We have plenty of tools that could deal with this problem – including a carbon tax, a value-added tax, a reduction in income tax expenditures, and judicious Social Security and Medicare reforms. We just need the political will to implement them.
But it isn't the time for debt reduction yet. The current priority should be to establish more robust growth. Research has shown that federal investments can lead to better future economic outcomes. The evidence on supply-side tax cuts is simply not supportive. It is time for a pragmatic growth agenda, not magical thinking.
This piece originally appeared in Real Clear Policy.
The masks found in the home of a Swedish doctor charged with drugging, kidnapping, raping and holding a woman captive in a soundproof bunker. Photo courtesy the Swedish Police Authority
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, Jan. 18 (UPI) -- A doctor in Sweden was charged with drugging, kidnapping and raping a woman he allegedly kept in a bunker for nearly a week, an official said.
The 38-year-old doctor, who was not identified, admitted to drugging, kidnapping and holding the woman, also 38, against her will for six days, but said he did not rape her, Stockholm chief prosecutor Peter Claeson told CNN.
He also admitted to building a sound-proof, cement, windowless bunker because "he wanted to have a girlfriend," Claeson said.
The doctor allegedly met the woman on a date, gave the woman Rohypnol-laced strawberries and champagne in Stockholm, took her to his car via a wheelchair, then drove more than 340 miles to the bunker in Kristianstad. The doctor allegedly marked the untainted strawberries with a pen.
The doctor's lawyer, Mari Schaub, told CNN her client did not intend to keep multiple people in the bunker and was not going to harm the victim sexually.
"He is a man who was mentally depressed," Schaub said. "And when at the police station, complied with all the requests of the police," she said. "He is very much in regret of what he has done."
The doctor panicked when he found out the woman was reported missing and drove her to the police station in Stockholm.
The details of the alleged crimes, committed in September, have Swedish media comparing the doctor to the 2008 case of Josef Fritzl, an infamous Austrian rapist and kidnapper, who held his daughter in the basement of the family's house for 24 years, forcing her to have seven children by him.
The number of people abandoning the “greatest country in the world” just hit a record high…
The U.S. government recently reported that 1,426 people renounced their U.S. citizenship in the third quarter. That's a record quarterly high. Like all government statistics, I view this one skeptically. Many observers think the actual number is much higher.
Still, with another quarter left in 2015, the number of Americans who renounce U.S. citizenship this year could easily top the previous annual record set last year.
I recently spoke with a consultant who gave up his U.S. citizenship. He's now a citizen of Dominica, a small Caribbean country, and splits his time between Asia and South America.
He said he was leaving a sinking ship for a better life elsewhere. On top of that, the U.S. government is placing an increasing number of hurdles on Americans who want to renounce their citizenship. So he thought it was time to do just that.
This isn't how the average person sees things. Unthinking Americans are puzzled when they read about the increasing number of people renouncing their citizenship.
As you can see in the chart below, this trend is exploding. And it has important implications for your personal freedom and financial prosperity.
This trend really shouldn't surprise anyone. The U.S. tax system is the most rapacious in the world. It's also the most aggressively enforced. For many, the benefits of U.S. citizenship no longer outweigh the costs.
The U.S. is the only country in the world that successfully taxes its citizens no matter where they are in the world…even if they leave and never step foot in the country again. It's called citizenship-based taxation.
If you're a U.S. citizen, you should think of citizenship-based taxation as a ball and chain attached to your leg.
Nearly every other country in the world taxes people based on residency, not citizenship. For example, if you're a Canadian citizen and leave Canada to live in Dubai, the Canadian government won't force you to pay taxes on the income you earn in Dubai. However, if you're a U.S. citizen, you have to pay taxes to the U.S. government no matter where you live and work.
Only one other country in the entire world, Eritrea, has citizenship-based taxation.
Eritrea is a tiny, mostly unknown, country in East Africa. It levies a 2% flat tax on the income of Eritrean citizens who live abroad. Unlike the U.S., Eritrea is an impoverished country. Its government has a hard time enforcing its tax system within its own borders, let alone the rest of the world. Many Eritreans who live abroad have never even heard of this tax, and those who have don't worry too much about paying it.
The U.S., on the other hand, does have the ability to enforce its Byzantine tax system literally anywhere in the world. When you consider the reach of the U.S. government and the penalties for not paying (which can only be described as cruel and unusual), it's no surprise Americans are terrified. And they should be… or they aren't paying attention.
The U.S. government threatens Americans with years in prison and outrageous fines if they don't file a litany of complex forms correctly… even if they don't owe taxes in the first place. U.S. citizens are in the uniquely unfavorable position of having the world's worst tax policies and a government that relentlessly enforces them everywhere on the planet.
For many, it's a tight and suffocating tax leash. Renouncing your U.S. citizenship is the only way to free yourself from U.S. taxation while you're still breathing. It's only logical that an increasing number of people are taking this step.
UN Resolution 2023
The media routinely condemns Eritrea for its attempts to tax nonresident citizens. Even the United Nations has weighed in. In Resolution 2023, the UN Security Council condemned Eritrea for “using extortion, threats of violence, fraud and other illicit means to collect taxes outside of Eritrea from its nationals.”
The U.S. government supported Resolution 2023, even though it does the very same thing on an industrial scale.
When you think about, it's actually not fair to compare an impotent country like Eritrea and its relatively modest 2% expat tax to the monstrous U.S. tax system.
Of course, I'm not endorsing the UN. I dislike bureaucracies of any sort…especially ones with a global reach. But it's noteworthy that they would even bother to weigh in on the repressive practice of citizenship-based taxation.
Unfortunately, the UN is being opportunistic. They don't care about the tax burdens of Eritreans. If they did, they'd condemn citizenship-based taxation consistently.
But the UN hasn't made so much as a peep about the U.S.'s racket. If you listen for it, you'll only hear the crickets chirping.
This isn't surprising. Even though it's clearly a double standard, it's easy to understand why it exists. As the world's sole superpower and issuer of the premier reserve currency, the U.S. isn't accountable to anyone.
No other country has the courage or incentive to call the U.S. out. It's a heck of a lot easier to push around some small, impoverished African country than it is to stand up to the U.S. juggernaut.
The Exit Tax – A Form of People Controls
Desperate governments always try to control money with capital controls and individuals with people controls.
Take Cuba, for example. After Castro came to power, his government made Cuban citizens apply for exit visas before they left the island. They were not easy to get. The Soviet Union, North Korea, and others have also used similar restrictions.
Preventing people from leaving has always been a hallmark of authoritarianism.
It's hardly shocking that productive people are fleeing the U.S. tax system. The U.S. government doesn't like this one bit. Naturally, it would prefer to squeeze every last drop out of its best milk cows.
To keep them from leaving, the U.S. government has imposed a so-called Exit Tax on Americans who renounce their citizenship.
Eduardo Saverin, the billionaire cofounder of Facebook, is a notable example. By renouncing his U.S. citizenship, Saverin escaped paying an estimated $700 million plus in future income and estate taxes. He could not, however, escape the Exit Tax.
For the Exit Tax, the U.S. government deems you to have sold everything you own on the day before you renounce citizenship at a price equal to its “fair market value.” Any appreciation in your investments or home and any deferred income becomes taxable.
The Exit Tax is a big impediment to leaving. But, as the growing number of Americans renouncing their citizenship shows, it's not always an effective one. I expect the U.S. government to impose much harsher restrictions – more people control – in the future.
The Canary in the Coal Mine
I think the growing number of Americans renouncing their citizenship is an important sign of what's to come. It's never a good thing when a society's most productive members flee for greener pastures.
Many of these former Americans grew tired of the government treating them as piggy banks for the social program du jour.
Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and the entire U.S. government are broken and bleeding money. Like most governments that get into financial trouble, I think American politicians will keep choosing the easy option…money printing on a massive scale. This has tremendous implications for your financial security.
Politicians are playing with fire and inviting a currency catastrophe. Most people have no idea what really happens when a currency collapses, let alone how to prepare…
How will you protect your savings in the event of a currency crisis? This just-released video will show you exactly how. Click here to watch it now.
Small child receives vaccination (Shutterstock)
The recent measles outbreak that originated at Disneyland has demonstrated just how vulnerable to preventable diseases the population is when parents refuse to have their children vaccinated, Vox reports.
In Orange County, California — where Disneyland is located — almost 10 percent of parents request a vaccination exemption for their children.
The result is a situation like the one the United States is currently facing, in which the herd immunity of the community is not sufficient to stop the chain of infection.
James Cherry, an infectious disease specialist at the University of California, Los Angeles, told The New York Times, the current outbreak is “100 percent connected” to the anti-vaccination movement.
“It wouldn't have happened otherwise — it wouldn't have gone anywhere” had the communities in which these children lived had herd immunity.
“There are some pretty dumb people out there,” he added.
As Melinda Gates of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation told The Huffington Post, “[w]e take vaccines so for granted in the United States. Women in the developing world know the power of them. They will walk 10 kilometers in the heat with their child and line up to get a vaccine, because they have seen death.”
Americans, she said, have “forgotten what measles deaths look like.”
The 49ers passing attack ranks 30th in yards with Blaine Gabbert as the starting quarterback through three games.
Gabbert, to be sure, hasn't been very good. He ranks 30th in completion percentage (55.2), 27th in yards (532) and 30th in passer rating (68.6).
The dominant conversation surrounding the 49ers (1-2) offense has revolved around replacing Gabbert in favor of Colin Kaepernick.
That's unlikely to happen this week when the 49ers play the Cowboys given Chip Kelly said Kaepernick isn't 100 percent physically making unready to assume the starting job.
Kelly's avoided blaming the quarterback solely for the struggles in the passing game.
“It's not always on the quarterback. Sometimes the receivers can run the wrong route,” Kelly said.
“I think sometimes everybody keeps pointing specifically to the quarterback, but it's not like the offensive line's playing tremendous, the running back are doing everything, the wide receivers are doing everything and we're just not getting good quarterback play. I think it's the entire group offensively. We need to convert.”
Where the 49ers could make immediate changes is at receiver. Their current starting trio of Torrey Smith, Quinton Patton and Jeremy Kerley hasn't stacked up well against the elite defenses of the Panthers and Seahawks.
At some point, Kelly might consider making changes if his current crop can't get open consistently enough.
Smith is the established veteran of the group and San Francisco's fifth-highest paid player. He will stay in the starting lineup given he's the team's lone deep threat.
Kerley leads the team with 12 receptions for 114 yards, with seven coming in the season opening win over the Rams. He's the team's best option in the slot after Bruce Ellington was lost for the year in the preseason with a hamstring injury.
Patton deflected a Gabbert pass to Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner in the third quarter Sunday on a crossing route – and hasn't proven to be a reliable option opposite Smith to help move the chains. Patton has nine catches for 93 yards in three games, ranking 107th in the NFL.
The 49ers have the third-fewest passing first downs in the league. Both Gabbert and his receivers deserve blame. The offensive line does not. The front five that allowed 53 sacks in 2015, the second-most in the NFL, has tied a league low with two sacks allowed this season.
With the game out of hand late Sunday in Seattle, the 49ers tried new receivers Aaron Burbridge and Rod Streater, who should be in line for bigger roles if Gabbert's passing options continue to struggle against quality cornerbacks.
Burbridge and Streater played 14 and eight offensive snaps, respectively. Streater had a 19-yard reception in the fourth quarter which was the team's third-longest play of the day.
“Those guys will continue to get plays as we get more plays on the offensive side of the ball,” Kelly said. “So, they're developing and coming along in terms of, Burb's still a rookie, Streater we just got a little while ago, he's still kind of learning and there are certain things we know when Streat's in that he's a lot more comfortable with than other things that we're doing.”
Burbridge, the rookie sixth-round pick, is the 49ers' most physical receiver and does his best work in traffic, evident by his career at Michigan State. While lacking elite physical traits that would stand out at the combine, Burbridge compares more favorably to Anquan Boldin than any of the team's current receivers.
Streater, 6-foot-3, started 16 games during his first two seasons with the Raiders and has 1,596 career yards receiving. He was acquired in a trade with the Chiefs Sept. 3 for a draft pick. When he gets further acclimated to the playbook, he could see his role increase significantly if the offense continues to struggle.
Kelly indicated both Streater and Burbridge have an opportunity to get more playing time, but that evaluation will be made during the week as much as during games.
“They earn that,” Kelly said. “That's just by example in terms of what they do from a practice standpoint. If someone's continuing to stand out in practice, you're going to make an evaluation every day. You say, ‘Heck of another day by Burb. We need to get him on the field more.' That's part of just what this whole process is.”
DISCLAIMER: This post is only intended for successful published authors, agents, editors and other people in the publishing industry. It might also be interesting to people who enjoy reading case studies about disruptive business strategies, but I can't guarantee anyone else will care. If you're looking for a funny, light read, this isn't it.
Part 1: First the test, then the lesson
I know how an author can triple their effective royalty. This is on the same sales, with nothing else substantively changing in any other aspect of their book. Same books (print and ebooks both), same bookstores, same placement, same customer experience, even the same publisher (sort of).
I'm sure you're skeptical. I know you think this can't be done. You're wrong.
I know an author can triple his royalties on the same sales, because I've already done it.
First the backstory, and then I'll explain precisely how I did this:
My name is Tucker Max. I published my first book, I Hope They Serve Beer In Hell, in January of 2006, with Citadel, a division of Kensington. It spent the next six years on the NY Times Best Seller list, hitting No. 1, selling more than 1.5 million copies worldwide (it's still selling great) and was called the book that invented the "fratire" genre. My follow up was Assholes Finish First, and was published by Simon & Schuster in 2010. Basically the same sales/press story -- three years on the NY Times Best Seller list, hundreds of thousands of copies sold (still going strong), etc., etc.
After two very successful books, I realized the weird paradox of the publishing business that every author eventually learns: It's terribly exploitive of authors (paying them a very small royalty on sales), yet it doesn't even do a good job maximizing overall revenue from book sales. Publishing companies are like schoolyard bullies that can't even fight well.
In preparation for my third book, Hilarity Ensues, I stepped back and tried to figure out a different approach. Frankly, I wanted to keep more of the money my books made, and I wanted more control over the publishing process, but I didn't want to deal with the problems that come from being in the "self-publishing ghetto." There had to be a way that was fairer and more lucrative to me as an author (and maybe even more productive to the publishing companies), so I set out to find it.
Part 2: "I'm not an author anymore. Now, I'm a publisher."
I was not one of those people just happy to have an ISBN number and Library of Congress entry to my name. I expected the publishing industry to act like a real business. When that didn't happen, I was well-equipped to figure out why, having come to writing by accident from an educational background of economics and law. I read everything I could about the publishing business, compared it to other similar businesses, saw how those were disrupted, applied my experiences with publishing and came to a key realization:
I could replicate everything that a publishing house did -- except for distribution. So what I needed was a distribution deal, not a book deal.
Think about what basic services publishers provide for authors:
1. Paying an advance
2. Editing (content and copy)
3. Cover Design
4. Layout and production
5. Printing
6. Marketing and promotion
7. Distribution
Nos. 2 through 6 can be easily replicated with freelancers, and usually with a higher level of skill than a publisher can provide. If you are an established author who has sold a lot of books, you don't need No. 1. Yes, big advances are nice, but what if you made more than three times as much money in the long term -- on the same sales -- by taking a bigger cut of the revenue? I would skip the upfront money to make more long-term.
The big choke point is No. 7. It's essentially impossible to replicate the trucks, warehouses, retail relationships and sales teams that publishers have developed over the decades. And the reality is, even if you could replicate these things, the Big 6 publishers would still be better at this specific job.
These facts make the path forward clear: I would no longer be just an author. I would cut a distribution deal with a major publisher, become a publishing company, do more work -- but keep all the profit.
Distribution deals themselves aren't unusual. There are hundreds (maybe thousands) of publishing companies in America. How many of them have trucks and warehouses and sales teams? Almost none. You didn't think Harvard University Press handles book logistics or sends people to B&N buyer meetings, did you? Of course not. They use a Big 6 publisher to do their distribution. In fact, there are really only about eight major book distributors, and each of the Big 6 has a separate distribution division that handles the distribution services for other publishing houses.
Well, why can't I do that? Why can't I be a publishing company and just cut a deal directly with a distributor, do everything else, and keep all the profit of my writing for myself? Yeah, I'll have to take a risk by skipping my advance on my third book, and it'll require some more work on my part -- but I am more than happy to hire freelancers if it means by royalty checks triple in size.
So that's what I decided to do. There was one problem: No author had ever done this before (at least, no one I talked to had heard of this, but who knows, maybe it's happened). I couldn't find a guide or instructional manual to follow. I explained my plan to my agent, Byrd Leavell. Byrd is very smart and always willing to test new things, but even he was unsure how to do this. Not only that, we already had two seven-figure offers for my third book in hand. Byrd was very unsure about turning them down to try something so new and unproven (there's a "Byrd in hand" pun to make here, but I'll spare you).
The publishers themselves didn't really know how to deal with my proposal. I won't name the house, but Byrd and I took a meeting with an editor at one of the Big 6 publishers who'd made a seven-figure advance offer on my third book, and we brought our counterproposal to them. I told the editor I didn't want a book deal. Or an advance. Or even an imprint with a revenue-sharing deal. I was now my own publishing house, and I wanted them to be my distributor only.
He looked at me with this confused, quizzical look, as if he couldn't believe I would even think of such a thing, much less have the balls to ask for it out loud. After a few seconds, he said, "Tucker, we wouldn't even give that deal to [huge author they publish who sells way more books than me]." I shrugged, smiled and said, "Well, maybe you should."
There was no distribution offer from that publisher.
Part 3: Tropaion Publishing
I won't bore you with all the details about the deal negotiation, but eventually Byrd and his partner Scott Waxman helped me get the exact distribution deal I wanted with Simon & Schuster. I was no longer just an author; I now owned a publishing company with full retail distribution. I had to do all the work a publisher does, but I also got to keep all the money.
The terms were really no different than they give any of their distribution clients, and the way it works is very simple:
My publishing company (I named it Tropaion Publishing) contracted with the author to write the book (that would be me, obviously), did all editing and production work on the book, and paid all up-front costs for printing and distribution. Simon & Schuster handled the printing, shipping, warehousing, sales, accounts receivable and returns.
This means I went from just another author with the same royalty deal every author gets -- 15 percent of hardcover price -- to owning my own publishing company and taking 89 percent of net receipts. In practice, the amount of money I made on each hardcover book sold went from about $3.60 to about $12 (before distribution costs). Nothing else really changed.
This is not a theory about what an author could do. This is already done. Hilarity Ensues came out in February of this year, released under Blue Heeler Books (which is an imprint of Tropaion Publishing). It looks and feels just like my first two books. It was in all the same bookstores, same front tables, same press and marketing (that I handled, like I already had to do on my first two books, because publishing houses don't think you actually have to tell people you have a new book). Everything was basically the same, except I did some more work...and my checks tripled in size.
There were a few other benefits too: because I owned the publishing company, that meant I was in charge -- of everything. Now I could do all the marketing things I always wanted to do in the past, but couldn't because of how risk-averse Big 6 publishers are. I could give various sales offers to my fans, I could immediately put my books on digital platforms all over the world, I could spend a bunch on co-op, I could do all sorts of things that I always thought my publisher should do, but didn't. Outlining all the different ways I used this new marketing freedom to help sales would require a second post (that I will write soon), but consider these two facts:
1. Hilarity Ensues debuted at No. 2 on the NY Times Best Seller list -- which is a higher debut than either of my previous books (and it's still selling great, on a faster pace than either of my previous two best-sellers).
2. The marketing I did was so effective, it pulled my previous two books back onto the list. In the long history of the NY Times Best Seller list prior to 2012, there were only two authors that ever had three books on the non-fiction list at the same time: Malcolm Gladwell and Michael Lewis. Well, this year, my name was added to that list, because of the way I marketed this book.
Part 4: The path forward
Like I told you, this is not self-publishing. Nor is it a trick or a scam or anything like that. It is, quite literally, owning your own publishing company. It's also an extremely effective way to substantially increase the amount of revenue you make on your book sales and gain total control over all aspects of your book's creation and promotion.
I won't pretend that this is easy to do. Figuring out that it was even possible to get this deal, and then negotiating it, was hard enough, believe me. And it's also a lot more work than normal publishing. I didn't just get to hand off my manuscript and then let everything take care of itself. And of course, there is a bit more financial risk involved -- after all, advances don't have to be paid back.
But it can be done. There is nothing special about me that would prevent other authors from doing what I describe above. I got this deal simply because I asked for it. If you are an established author who has a track record of success, you can do the same thing I did, and it can work just as well.
Not only that, but I can teach you precisely how to do what I did. In fact, I am going to end with this offer:
If you are an author who has an established track record of sales success (lets say at least 500,000 books sold, either print or digital), and you are interested in doing this for your next book, I would be happy to talk to you further about how to do it. I've explained enough in this piece that a smart person can figure out the rest, but there are still some details left out for the sake of brevity (for example, how to structure the distribution contract or the specific production steps you need to take). I know I wish someone had walked me through all this at the beginning of my negotiations for Hilarity Ensues, it would have saved me a ton of time. I'm willing to save a ton of yours.
There is no catch to my offer. There's no contract or NDA you need to sign (I already talked about this on TechCruchTV, after all). I'm not going to charge for this information, or even my time. Obviously, I won't do the work for you, but a few emails or phone calls to help you really flesh out the specifics are no problem. (If you want the set-up I have, but don't want to do the work, I can refer you to a brand-new publishing services company that will do everything I outlined for you, and of course, I have a financial stake in the company, but I don't even have to mention their name if you don't want me to.)
Understanding what to do isn't the problem; if you are a successful author with a high level of consistent sales, the only obstacle for you now is the decision to take control of your career and own your own publishing company. If you want to talk, the best way to start the process is to just email me: tuckermax@gmail.com.
Please be clear: Unless you have a long track record of sales success genre such that you can be reasonably sure of future success, this sort of deal doesn't make sense. You have to pay distribution costs upfront, so unless you know what your sales are going to be, you could lose a lot of money. Realistically, there might only be 250 authors currently publishing in America for whom having their own publishing company with a Big 6 distribution deal makes financial sense, and definitely not more than 500. For newer, smaller or mid-list authors, I think a very good case can be made that a Big 6 publisher still brings a lot of value, and for most beginning authors with no audience, self-publishing is probably the best bet.
I'm making this offer to help because I'm tired of the way publishing is done. I think it's wrong and non-sensical for both authors and publishers in many ways, but instead of just complaining about it, I want to help change it for the better.
Summer movies, as we know them, began 40 years ago. For decades, the warm-weather months had been a dumping ground for Hollywood's genre fare and B-movies. But in 1975, a different kind of movie was unleashed in theaters. Jaws was like chum to the media and movie audiences, who couldn't get enough of Steven Spielberg's terrifying adaptation of Peter Benchley's best-seller. It became an instant and defining blockbuster, with repeat customers who still jumped with fright at the scariest moments—even though John Williams' score warned them that danger lurked beneath the waves.
On June 21, fans of Jaws will have another opportunity to see the classic on the big screen, as it was intended. Fathom Events, Turner Classic Movies, and Universal Pictures will present special screenings in nearly 500 theaters around the country. TCM's Ben Mankiewicz will provide a special introduction for an afternoon and evening showing, as well as an encore presentation on June 24. “Jaws is a classic thriller enjoyed by generations and it is ready for a comeback,” said Fathom Events vice president of programming Kymberli Frueh-Owens. “Movie buffs will love seeing their favorite killer shark larger than life on the big screen. No risk of shark bite!”
There's the famous anecdote that Spielberg tells how he knew Jaws was going to be a huge hit only after a member of the audience rushed out of a preview screening in the middle of the movie, threw up in the lobby… and then hurried back in to watch the rest. For those types of Jaws nerds, fans who rightfully treat Quint's Indianapolis soliloquoy with Shakespearean reverance and already know every behind-the-scenes story about the near-disastrous making of the film on and around Martha's Vineyard, the June screenings will be a celebration of a movie that helped define their childhood. And for the younger generation, which may not have been introduced to Jaws yet despite frequent Blu-ray editions and constant cable showings, it's about time to dip their toes in the water, and finally see why Williams' simple score still has the power to get swimmers out of the water.
Tickets can be purchased at FathomEvents.com, or at participating theaters.
This article originally appeared on EW.com.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Four reasons why the Frisbee-tossing Chaz Roe is your new favorite pitcher
Chaz Roe is your new favorite pitcher and you don't even know it.
You may not think that he's your favorite pitcher. After all, how many of your favorite pitchers are 28-year-olds with only 51 1/3 career innings and are middle relief options? How many of your favorite pitchers have spent time with more Major League teams (eight) than the number of acceptable people in your wedding party (four).
Well, let me tell you why:
- His name is Chaz. It's not a nickname, it's his born and given name. Chaz -- not like the guy from Airheads whose name was actually Chester. Despite the untold thousands of people who have played the game of baseball, Roe is the only Chaz to reach the big leagues. Though that may not be for long. The Yankees have a 22-year-old starter in Class-A Advanced named Chaz Hebert. Which is also an amazing name.
- His hair. In a throwback to the early '90s baseball cards that litter my apartment, Roe's long, messy hair sprouting out from under the ballcap is not a style you see very often.
I may be suffering from male pattern baldness, doomed to never have a full head of hair like the Orioles reliever, but at least I can live on vicariously through him.
- He's an Indy League success story. Though selected by the Rockies with the 32nd overall pick in the 2005 draft, things at first didn't really work out for Roe. After reaching Triple-A with the Rockies, where he posted a 5.98 ERA in the (to be fair) hitter-friendly Colorado Springs, he was then shipped to Seattle where he posted a 6.59 ERA and 0-7 record for Tacoma. Even if wins don't really mean anything anymore, having a zero followed by a seven is certainly not the kind of statistic that's going to get you called up.
Following shoulder surgery and a drug-related suspension, Roe landed in Laredo, home of the Lemurs, in the independent American Association. Though clearly not the goal Roe had for his career going into it, you can't argue that he may have been with the most wonderfully logo'd team of his career.
If they're this cute eating a ball of rice, just imagine how adorable they are on the field:
Roe was fantastic there, pitching to a 1.47 ERA in 55 innings. It was enough to capture the attention of the Diamondbacks. After 22 big league innings with the D-backs in 2013, Roe then spent time in the Rangers, Marlins, Yankees (two Major League innings) and Pirates systems before finally ending up in Baltimore. At the age of 28, and with a 2.67 ERA, he looks to have finally carved his niche in the Majors.
And how has he done it?
- His slider. That's the reason you clicked on this article. Admit it, you want to see this pitch. A big sweeping hook, that moves more like a frisbee or Hot Wheels car on a track, Roe has set a career high with 8.24 inches of horizontal movement on the pitch this season. And according to Statcast™, he has the ninth-highest average spin rate on the ball, picking up 2,548 RPM.
But those are words. And words don't move the soul like images. Thomas Kinkade knows that -- why else do you think he paints such boring houses? Because art brings them to life.
Like this UFO of a slider to strikeout Adeiny Hechavarria in his first game with the Orioles.
Or when he gave his slider an ultra dense center of gravity, making Kevin Kiermaier swing like he was an action figure without enough points of articulation:
He pulled the same trick on Brett Gardner, throwing a pitch that has no right belonging in this realm of physics.
And that's his secret. Just like his slider unexpectedly darts out of view of the batter, his slider has also darted straight into your heart. And that, my friends, is why Roe is your new favorite reliever. Long live that slider.
Michael Clair writes about baseball for Cut4. He believes stirrup socks are an integral part of every formal outfit and Adam Dunn's pitching performance was baseball's greatest moment.
Quoting the words of the Declaration of Independence and drawing on the words of philosopher Immanuel Kant, Dan Courtney made history on July 15, while delivering his invocation before the Greece, New York Town Board. This was the first ever atheist invocation to have been delivered at a town board meeting.
Courtney, who previously served as the president of Free Thinkers of Upstate New York, delivered the invocation after the United States Supreme Court ruled in May that Greece's tradition of permitting sectarian prayer was acceptable, as long as the town did not discriminate between one religion and another.
While quoting the Declaration, Courtney asked officials on the dais to, “heed the counsel of the governed, seek the wisdom of all citizens and honor the enlightened wisdom and profound courage” of the founders of American government.
Meanwhile, on the lawn outside Town Hall, atheists, freethinkers, non-believers and supportive religious individuals assembled to condemn the Supreme Court's decision and insist that they will hold the court and government responsible for any discrimination that follows unless, of course, the decision is reversed.
“There is prejudice based on the misguided belief that belief in God is the only path to morality. And we need to overcome that prejudice,” said Ronald Lindsay, president and CEO of the Center for Inquiry, while pointing out that one in five Americans identifies as non-religious.
David Niose of the American Humanist Association also said that his organization plans to make sure secular Americans have a seat at the table by stressing on their right to deliver invocations before the commencement of meetings, a tradition practiced by all local governments.
“We will hold local governments and the Supreme Court to their word. We will ensure all Americans can appear before their government, not as members of a particular religion, but as citizens,” said Greg Lipper, attorney with Americans United for Separation of Church and State, the organization that represented Greece residents Linda Stephens and Susan Galloway in the lawsuit seeking to force change to the town's prayer practice.
Courtney's invocation received attention from several quarters with more than 100 people seating themselves inside the Eastman Room at Town Hall to hear him speak and at least 14 cameras stationed from different media houses. Many people in the audience held placards and sported tees showing support for secular values as Courtney continued to speak.
“We are not going to be invisible anymore. We will stand at podiums, we will deliver invocations and we will be heard,” said Courtney of non-believers, humanists, atheists and freethinkers.
Photo Credits: Times of Israel
Casa Presidencial has promised a men's rights advocacy group that it will form a new interagency commission to study legal imbalances in domestic abuse, custody rights and child support policy in Costa Rica.
President Luis Guillermo Solís' administration on Monday related the news to members of the Foundation to Support Men (FUNDIAPHO), which last week marched from their offices in the northeastern San José suburb of Guadalupe to Solís' residence in Barrio Escalante, east of the capital.
FUNDIAPHO Director Miguel Herrera Córdoba said presidential adviser Luis Emilio Jiménez told him Solís had accepted the group's proposal for the commission's creation. A follow-up meeting was scheduled for Oct. 14.
“A new era will soon begin for Ticos and Costa Rican society,” Herrera told The Tico Times. “We are extremely excited, and we hope to finally achieve true gender equality.”
One of FUNDIAPHO's primary complaints is the unbalanced treatment of men in the country's court system.
“Women who are victims of abuse are offered free counseling and health care. Abused men, meanwhile, get nothing,” Herrera said.
During last week's protest, members of the group noted that Costa Rica has adopted several laws to protect women and children from domestic violence, and to ensure that men are held responsible for child support. But no legislation has been passed to protect men's rights, they said.
“We know that there are abusive men. But there are also abusive women, and that number is increasing,” Herrera said last June during a protest outside the Supreme Court.
About one in five domestic abuse victims in Costa Rica are men, according to the number of criminal complaints filed each year. In 2012, the judicial branch registered approximately 50,000 domestic violence complaints. Of those, 11,000 were filed by men.
“Costa Rica's laws are imbalanced,” Herrera said. “They provide preventive measures ordering men to leave their homes, even if the men are the ones being abused. [Laws] also call for imprisonment for failing to pay alimony.”
Approximately 300 men are in prison in Costa Rica for failing to pay child support or alimony, according to the foundation.
Earlier this year, FUNDIAPHO sued the government at the San José-based Inter-American Court of Human Rights to push for reforms to alimony and child-support laws.
Alejandra Mora, executive president of the National Institute for Women, agreed that violence against men exists in Costa Rica, although “to a lesser degree when compared to aggression against women.”
Vancouver Canucks
7 MT / 9 ET / 2 GMT
Colorado Avalanche
40-23-2 March 9th, 2010
37-22-6
82 pts Pepsi Center
80 pts
3rd in West
Denver, CO
6th in West
The Colorado Avalanche have a healthy chunk of "big" games remaining on their calendar this year. Tonight's game is about as big as they get. The Avalanche take on the division-leading Vancouver Canucks tonight at the Pepsi Center. Due to tiebreakers, the Avalanche can't overtake the Canucks tonight, but they can pull even (point-wise) with a regulation win.
That may be easier said than done. You know how the Avalanche have owned the Blues this year, to the tune of outscoring them 16-5 in 3 games against them? Well, the same bitch slap scenario exists with the Canucks...except the Avalanche are the ones on the receiving end. Vancouver has outscored the Avalanche 16-4 in the last 3 meetings, including a shutout by *gulp* Andrew Raycroft. It's time to end the cycle.
Vancouver is nearing the end of their epic 14-game road trip. And, like the Avs' own lengthy trip at the start of the season, It's been by no means the disaster the pundits thought it would be. Vancouver is 7-5-0 so far and finish up with tonight's game in Denver and the capper tomorrow in Phoenix. After that, the Canucks play 10 of their final 15 games at home. I know I'm saying this in just about every preview now, but the Avalanche could really use two points tonight.
For the Avs, the Road Runner returns; Kyle Cumiskey is expected to play tonight. Meanwhile, Road Kill (Ruslan Salei) will not. He's out indefinitely with a torso injury.
Dustin has the recap tonight. Go Avs!
Canucks vs Avalanche coverage
Nucks Misconduct
Across the board, the 2009 economic news is bad for Germany. Unshipped goods and containers are piling up at the Hamburg port as Germany Faces Worst Post-War Economic Downturn.
Germany is facing its biggest economic decline since the Second World War with Chancellor Angela Merkel's government saying Wednesday it expects Europe's largest economy to contract by 2.25 per cent this year.
Germany's Economics Minister Michael Glos and Finance Minister Peer Steinbrueck released the latest data on Wednesday, revising their prior 2009 forecast down sharply from last October's prediction of 0.2 percent growth.
Since then, German exports have declined precipitously and are expected to be down 8.9 percent for the year.
Joblessness to increase
At same time, the Berlin government's annual economics report predicts rising unemployment as a result of the global economic slowdown. The number of people out of work is expected to climb by 500,000 to 3.5 million before the end of the year. That would push the German unemployment rate back up to 8.4 percent, according to the ministers' report.
German consumers remain skeptical
Adding to the bad financial news, a Forsa Institute survey published on Wednesday revealed that a majority of Germans remain skeptical of Chancellor Angela Merkel's second 50-billion-euro ($66 billion) stimulus package.
In fact, 59 percent dismissed the government's plan to offer 2,500 euros ($3,200) as an incentive to car buyers who trade in older vehicles for more environmentally friendly automobiles. Only 11 percent said they would even consider accepting the offer.
consider
Is Germany Turning Into A Planned Socialist Economy?
As part of her efforts to combat the economic crisis, German Chancellor Angela Merkel is increasing the state's influence in the market, buying holdings in banks and bailing out individual industries and companies. Is Germany turning into a planned economy?
The government in Berlin is undergoing an astonishing change of heart. Only a few weeks ago, Chancellor Angela Merkel spoke out against "arbitrary, unfocussed economic stimulus programs" and large-scale government intervention in the real economy. She made it clear that under no circumstance should "the government acquire permanent new responsibilities in the economy."
But now, suddenly, it seems like the public sector's economic intervention cannot be forceful enough for the administration. Last week, Merkel introduced the biggest economic stimulus program in German postwar history, as well as giving her blessing to a series of government interventions into companies and industries, the likes of which the country has not seen since German reunification.
The government has acquired a 25 percent share of Frankfurt-based Commerzbank, and it plans to purchase a majority stake in the ailing Munich-based mortgage lender Hypo Real Estate. It is looking into providing assistance to the highly leveraged Schaeffler Group, based in the Bavarian town of Herzogenaurach, and has made several hundred billion euros in additional guarantees available to companies.
With its investment and lending programs, the Merkel administration is promoting questionable merger projects, turning itself into something of an über-entrepreneur in many industrial sectors and, by placing the state-owned KfW in a key position, promoting precisely the financial institution that acquired the reputation of being "Germany's stupidest bank" during the financial crisis.
"With this economic stimulus package, Germany is moving a step closer to the French approach to industrial policy," warns Bert Rürup, chairman of the German Council of Economic Experts.
In a confused interview on the BBC Radio 4 Today programme, Mr Gove stood by his previous claims food prices would drop after Brexit, but also promised to up food production standards for farmers.
He said: “Getting out of the Common Agricultural Policy means we can ensure our farmers are better protected than ever before. We can also ensure we have higher environmental and animal welfare standards.
Reduce pressure
“There are opportunities through a new approach towards the Common Agricultural Policy, or new trade deals, for us not just to market our fantastic high-quality produce abroad, but also to ensure overall we reduce pressure on the weekly household budget for food and other things as well.”
Asked outright if he thought the promise on cheaper food made during the EU referendum campaign was achievable, Mr Gove answered ‘yes, I do'.
NFU deputy president Minette Batters said the interview had posed ‘many very serious questions'.
“It is very early days to be talking about cheaper food and higher standards of welfare and environmental protection”, she added.
Protectionism
“What will shape the landscape and the price of food is the trade deal which is achieved. He also talked about protecting UK farmers – so does that mean British farmers producing cheaper food or will he be looking to import it? If so, how does that fit with protectionism?”
Farmers responded angrily to the claims on Twitter, with one saying his comments were ‘rather disappointing'.
Others said food was already too cheap and asked how he would manage to reduce prices while increasing standards.
@michaelgove @DefraGovUK please provide clarity. Food is already too cheap and the demand for quality and traceability needs price increases — Mark Taylor (@marktaylor10874) @michaelgove @DefraGovUK please provide clarity. Food is already too cheap and the demand for quality and traceability needs price increases — Mark Taylor (@marktaylor10874) June 19, 2017
Having his cake and eating it... — Emily Norton (@emilymnorton) Having his cake and eating it... — Emily Norton (@emilymnorton) June 19, 2017
I'll be interested how he manages that? #farming — James Small (@doitinwellies) I'll be interested how he manages that? #farming — James Small (@doitinwellies) June 19, 2017
Farmers Guardian approached Defra for clarification, but was refused official comment.
India plans Mars space probe for November 2013
Updated
India is planning to launch a space probe that will orbit Mars next year.
The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) Chairman, K. Radhakrishnan, says they plan to have the launch on November 27, 2013, when Mars would be closer to Earth. "We plan to put a spacecraft in an elliptical orbit for studying its atmosphere and [to] detect presence of life on its surface," he said.
The project would mark another step in India's ambitious space programme. It placed a probe on the moon three years ago and hopes to complete its first manned mission in 2016.
According to Mr Radhakrishnan, the unmanned mission could cost nearly five billion Rupees (around USD $90 million).
The United States, Russia, Europe, Japan and China have all sent missions to Mars. The US robot, Curiosity is currently on the surface of the Red Planet after landing on Mars more than a month ago.
National Pride
India's well-established space programme is a source of strong national pride but it has also been criticised, as the government struggles to tackle dire poverty and child malnutrition.
In September 2009, India's Chandrayaan-1 lunar probe discovered water on the moon, boosting the country's credibility among more experienced space-faring nations. However, there was a setback in December 2010, when a satellite launch vehicle blew up and fell into the Bay of Bengal after veering from its intended flight path.
AFP
Topics: space-exploration, science-and-technology, planets-and-asteroids, india, asia
First posted
Ventblockers It's been over three years since El Reg readers rocked the IT world to the very foundations on which it rests with chilling photographic evidence of the horrors which lurk within PCs worldwide.
Twelve months later, and the shockers just kept on coming, allowing a second spine-tingling round-up of grotesque dust creatures, sinister incipient lifeforms and arachnid strongholds, not to mention the odd mummified frog:
Well, it's clear the situation hasn't improved. Try this old Dell machine which, according to a shaken Tim Massey, had been sitting on the floor for six years before he armed himself with a flamethrower and whipped off the cover:
Dan Martinelli's mate asked him to give his machine a "tune-up", but once the thing was opened up, this quickly became a "clean-up":
WACCo, meanwhile, down at a Stateside non-profit repair shop, got in a machine prone to "shutdown after Windows starts". Any idea why..?
Keyboards, too, are effective grunge magnets, as that belonging to a former colleague of Paul M shows:
Paul notes: "I would be ashamed to leave equipment in this state." Quite so, although Roy Dragseth unabashedly revealed what lay under the keyboard of his "beloved" ASUS S6F after five years' use:
Roy explains: "Now I know where all the hair that's missing from my head went..."
Well, it's time for a stiff brandy and no messing, after which those of you who've got horror stories of your own can send me the photos right here.
When we've achieved a critical mass of PC terror, and when our nerves can stand it, we'll compile the most alarming into another X-rated picture show. Over to you...®
Feds: ‘Music wood' poachers targeted Washington old growth maples Quartet accused of stealing $800k in wood from Gifford Pinchot National Forest
Illegally harvested maple trees, pictured in a Justice Department photo. Illegally harvested maple trees, pictured in a Justice Department photo. Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Feds: ‘Music wood' poachers targeted Washington old growth maples 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
Four men accused of poaching old-growth maple from a Washington national forest have been indicted by a federal grand jury in Seattle.
Federal prosecutors claim the quartet illegally logged the massive big leaf maples to steal wood used to make pricey musical instruments. The men are alleged to have stolen trees from Gifford Pinchot National Forest in southwest Washington.
In an indictment unsealed Tuesday, prosecutors say Ryan Anthony Justice, 28, James Michael Miller, 36, and Kevin James Mullins, 56, stole wood from the national forest, located east of Chehalis. Prosecutors are also targeting Harold Clause Kupers, 48, and his Winlock-based business, J&L Tonewoods, claiming it was a front for poached maple.
"The trees in our national forests belong to all Americans and should not be chopped up to enrich a few,” U.S. Attorney Annette L. Hayes said in a statement Thursday. "In this case a beautiful and valued resource that is home to endangered species, was felled with some parts just discarded on the forest floor."
The big leaf maple trees alleged to have been taken by the men are described by prosecutors as critical habitat for many species. They're the last home of the Puget Oregonian snail, a species now extinct in Canada and declining in Washington.
The textured wood known as “figured maple” found in some big leaf maple trees is prized by woodworkers. Writing the court, Assistant U.S. Attorney Seth Wilkinson said blocks of some patterns – “flame maple” and “quilt maple” – sell for hundreds of dollars.
Trees growing on public land are public property. Despite state and federal laws meant to stem timber poaching, though, the U.S. Forest Service estimates $1 billion worth of timber is stolen each year from public and private lands.
Kupers is alleged to have bought stolen maple from Justice, Miller and James. Wilkinson said Kupers helped train the timber thieves who provided his business with poached wood.
According to charging papers, the timber thieves visited Gifford Pinchot National Forest during daylight hours searching for figured maple. Prosecutors say they then returned at night to fell trees and haul rounds and blocks to J&L Tonewoods.
One of the site near the Iron Creek Campground was known as the “slaughterhouse,” Wilkinson said in court papers. There the timber thieves took $95,000-worth of maple in three weeks, the prosecutor said. Thefts were also reported near state Route 508 and the Cispus River, as well as near Dry Creek.
Wilkinson said the timber thieves made 50 sales from October 2011 through March 2012. Kupers then resold the wood for three times the price he'd paid for it, the prosecutor continued, while claiming it had been legally harvested.
From 2011 through 2013, J&L Tonewoods took in more than $800,000 selling illegally possessed maple, Wilkinson told the court. Kupers is alleged to have sold wood to a Maryland guitar maker and an Oregon wood products company, among others.
Similar prosecutions in Washington have netted prison sentences for timber thieves.
Requesting a 15-month prison term for a convicted maple thief, Assistant U.S. Attorney Matthew Diggs said the theft of wood from public lands had “reached near epidemic proportions.”
“State and federal agencies responsible for managing our natural resources report an increasing number of thefts and the likelihood that far more are both unreported and undetected,” Diggs said in December 2012.
Miller was arrested Sunday, prompting federal prosecutors to unseal a July 23 indictment. Miller, of Morton, Justice, of Randle, and Mullins, or Packwood, have been charged with theft of government property and damaging government property, while Kupers and his business were indicted on counts of receiving stolen property and violating an environmental protection law.
Miller pleaded not guilty during an initial hearing Tuesday. Currently jailed, he is set for trial in September, though such deadlines are usually extended. Justice and Miller have also been jailed, while Mullins has not yet made an initial appearance.
Seattlepi.com reporter Levi Pulkkinen can be reached at 206-448-8348 orlevipulkkinen@seattlepi.com. Follow Levi on Twitter at twitter.com/levipulk.
Doctor Who is to return to BBC One on 30 March in a modern day urban thriller announced today as 'The Bells of Saint John', as the first official image is revealed giving fans a sneak peak at what to expect from the epic new series.
Written by Steven Moffat, 'The Bells of Saint John' will mark the official introduction of the Doctor's newest companion, Clara Oswald, played by Jenna-Louise Coleman. Having already made two appearances last year, the opening episode will be the first time fans get to see the Clara that will accompany the Doctor across the series' eight adventures.
Set in London against the backdrop of new and old iconic landmarks, The Shard and Westminster Bridge, 'The Bells of Saint John' will also establish a new nemesis, the Spoonheads, who will battle the Doctor as he discovers something sinister is lurking in the Wi-Fi.
Steven Moffat, executive producer and lead writer, said:
"It's the 50th year of Doctor Who and look what's going on! We're up in the sky and under the sea! We're running round the rings of an alien world and then a haunted house. There's new Cybermen, new Ice Warriors and a never before attempted journey to the centre of the TARDIS. And in the finale, the Doctor's greatest secret will at last be revealed! If this wasn't already our most exciting year it would be anyway!"
Featuring a movie a week from a ghost story to an underwater siege to a period drama, the new series will also introduce new monsters, as well as bringing back fan favourites the Ice Warriors and Cybermen.
Meanwhile the series' stellar list of guest stars include: Celia Imrie; Richard E Grant; Warwick Davis, Jessica Raine; Dougray Scott and Tamzin Outhwaite, as well as for the first time on screen together, mother and daughter Dame Diana Rigg and Rachael Stirling.
And just in case you missed it, don't forget to check out the thrilling preview to Doctor Who in 2013!
To save the image as for your desktop wallpaper simply click the one that you want and when this opens up, right click to save the image or set it as your wallpaper.
Larry Page Speaks (Yes, He Speaks!) on Regulation and Other Topics (Video)
Larry Page is back from his vocal-cord-recovery hiatus, and he answered questions on Tuesday at the company's Zeitgeist Americas partner and customer conference in Arizona.
Page, whose rested voice seemed much improved, was more candid than usual, giving some nuance to his views on topics like regulation, mission-driven businesses, payments, education, social search and lots of other things.
For instance, here's his retort to recent criticism of Google's unified privacy policy:
“Virtually everything that we want to do, I think, is somewhat at odds with locking down all your information for uses that you haven't contemplated yet. We don't actually know how the Internet is going to work 10 years from now. So I think it's a mistake to start carving out large classes of things that you don't really understand yet, that you don't want people to do.”
On the iOS maps controversy: Page said it was validation for people to notice “we've worked hard for these seven years.” He said it's likely that Google will release another iOS mapping app of its own.
On innovating in hardware and software at the same time: It's a lot better than it was in the pre-smartphone era. For instance, with Sergey Brin's Google Glass Project, “every time I use it, I feel like I'm living in the future.”
How's his voice healing? “Still a little hoarse, but I'm here, so I'm happy with it.”
More on regulation: “Overregulation of the Internet and restriction of what people can do is a big risk for us.” Page noted that before Google united its privacy policies, the “super-powerful, amazing” Google Now product would not have been possible, because Google wasn't allowed to combine information across products.
Later, Page added that he's excited about further opportunities for these contextual applications and personal assistants like Google Now. “There are a lot of things we spend time on today that we'll be able to automate and do a lot better.”
On YouTube: There's potential for business growth, yes, but it's also about making the world better by turning all those hours of entertainment into something more engaging.
On apps versus Web on mobile: People are too hung up on this distinction, Page said. Google does both, and it's all getting blurred. Once Chrome is fully on Android, people will use their phones just like their desktop computers.
On intellectual property: He's optimistic that people will be able to make money from content online. Right now it's mostly through advertising, but there will be other ways, too.
On employee retention: For Google, it's about setting goals high, having sound ethics, giving people ownership … and free food doesn't hurt.
On Google's role in payments: It's all about phones. Google is working hard on this.
In the context of an answer about the future of education, Page gave a personal anecdote about how online education (and playing hooky!) was actually his personal preference: “When I was at Stanford, I just watched all my classes on video, because that's how the computer science department did it. I'd never go to class. The day before the exam, I'd watch all my classes, and then, hopefully, I passed the exam. And it worked pretty well for me.”
On social and search: Page said that just like maps, social is not a separate dimension of search. That's why Google is investing in Google+.
Finally, someone asked, “Are you having fun?” Page answered yes, and talked up Google's social mission and its willingness and capability to take risks.
Here's the full video:
More videos from the conference are here.
Be here at Madejski Stadium for ‘that moment when'…
We know this season has been tough, for you our fans. Thank you for your loyalty all season - we know it has not been good enough.Supporting a football club isn't always about promotion parties and toasting titles. It isn't always leaping from your seat at the stadium to celebrate goal after goal, nor is it all trying to drift off to sleep at 2am with the adrenaline still pumping hours after the jubilation of a last gasp winner on the road.But when the glorious moments arrive, often when you least expect them, the heroics make all the heartache worthwhile as a football fan.That moment when ‘He's M.U.R.T.Y' rang round the four stands after the skipper had slammed home from the spot to make magnificent history…That moment when Mikele Leigertwood hooked home Ian Harte's cross to take us back to the big time and ultimately another title triumph…That moment when Arsenal were stunned by a second half equaliser at Wembley and the dream of an FA Cup Final occasion was more alive than ever before…We all know each season in football is a win, lose and draw story. Win after win…sometimes it's a book you can't put down. But sometimes you have to persevere a little bit in order to get to the good bits! And, as any football fan knows, things can change very quickly. From the low of losing the play-off final to winning the title the following season. From the disappointment of quarter-final defeat against Villa and City, to history being made at home to Bradford.And we need your support. Season Tickets for 2016-17 are on sale now!You can buy NOW by visiting readingfcdirect.co.uk , calling us on 0118 968 1313 or by visiting the Madejski Stadium Ticket Office in person.Renewing fans are encouraged to visit their personalised website (PURL) where they can find full renewal details – visit www.royalsmoments.co.uk , enter your surname and customer number and follow the simple processes.Full pricing details for Season Tickets at Reading Football Club can be found by clicking here – or you can visit your brand new personalised URL to view your own renewal details – go to www.royalsmoments.co.uk now.We want to make Madejski Stadium even more affordable and more comfortable for supporters of all ages, so next season we have introduced a wider range of Season Ticket options to give our fans more choice than ever before…Despite achieving some of the best results in the BBC ‘Price of Football' survey in 2015-16, we will be reducing the renewal price of Adult Season Tickets in the North Stand by £50 – a Season Ticket in this part of the stadium will now cost just £325 for all adults.This stand now offers the very best value Season Ticket for all categories of fan and some of the lowest prices in the country!And if you are aged 65 and over, the concession price has also dropped in this stand – coming down by between £15-35 for the season!We wanted to recognise your loyalty in these two stands too – so the affordable prices we offered supporters last season have been frozen in both the East and Lower West stands.Next season, we will be offering home fans the new option of a more comfortable matchday experience too.In the Upper West, adult season ticket renewals are to rise by £25 – but incorporated in that small increase will be a range of both simple and complex renovations that will be in place at the start of next season and will serve to enhance those fans' matchday experience at Madejski Stadium.As part of this pledge, catering provider Compass are working closely with the club to produce brand new retail concepts, providing supporters with innovative and premium quality food options to improve our concourse catering for 2016-17.More details about the upgrade plans for our Upper West concourses will be revealed soon – so stay tuned to readingfc.co.uk for all things Reading Football Club throughout what is sure to be a busy summer.The uptake on our new 18-24 price category was very good last season, so we have retained that age band and frozen or further reduced prices in the Lower West, East and North Stands accordingly to encourage even more young football fans to get their football fix at Madejski Stadium.And remember, all fans aged 7 and under, accompanied by an adult Season Ticket holder, can still come to every single home fixture next season…for FREE!Read more about the 18-24 age category and prices by clicking here.There are even more savings to be made! Our family ticket prices have been considerably reduced in price…again!Case study | Two adults and two children wanting to regularly head to the home of the Royals next season will pay £160 less than they did two seasons ago. That same family would make a saving of £100 by buying a family season ticket compared to four individual seats purchased separately! Read more about Family Season Tickets by clicking here.By helping us to extend the Royals family through a new referral scheme, supporters can earn money back from the club by receiving up to £25 for every new fan they sign up!In theory, if you can find yourself a family, who haven't held Season Tickets this season, wanting to follow the Royals in 2016-17, you could potentially end up with the club repaying you the price of your own season ticket! Read more about our Referral Scheme by clicking here.You can buy your Season Ticket for 2016-7 now by visiting readingfcdirect.co.uk , calling us on 0118 968 1313 or by visiting the Madejski Stadium Ticket Office in person.Renewing fans are encouraged to visit their personalised website (PURL) where they can find full renewal details – visit www.royalsmoments.co.uk , enter your surname and customer number and follow the simple processes.
The Little Nukes That Got Away
The Davy Crockett was one of the smallest nuclear weapons ever made by the United States. Built in the late 1950s, and designed for the battlefields of Europe to stop a possible Warsaw Pact invasion, the warhead looked like a watermelon, being only 30 inches long and weighing about 76 pounds. From a portable tripod launcher, it could be fired at the enemy as close as 1,000 feet or up to 13,000 feet away. It was a weapon for nuclear war at close range.
Today, the Davy Crockett system has long since been retired, and is now a neat museum piece. You can see a casing of the warhead at the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in Albuquerque.
But the little nuclear watermelon is a reminder of the big work still to be done in arms control. The just-completed strategic weapons treaty that U.S. President Barack Obama will sign in Prague next week with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev does not cover smaller nuclear warheads in both arsenals that are a legacy of the Cold War — the so-called battlefield, or tactical weapons.
The United States is believed to have about 200 tactical nukes in Europe, all of them B61 free-fall gravity bombs to be used with U.S. and allied tactical aircraft, out of 500 total tactical nukes in the active U.S. arsenal. The Russians are estimated to have about 2,000 tactical nuclear weapons, several hundred in the European part of the country and the remainder in central storage sites.
These smaller warheads have never been covered by a specific treaty, nor are they subject to the kind of verification that is used to prevent cheating in the agreements covering the long-range or strategic weapons, including the nuclear-tipped intercontinental ballistic missiles. What's more, they are relics of a bygone era, with no military usefulness. There is no longer a Warsaw Pact or a Soviet Union threatening a massive invasion across the Fulda Gap that would have to be stopped with a last-ditch decision to fire off the battlefield nukes.
Obama may dream of a world without nuclear arms, but it is with weapons systems like these, which remain in place years after the Cold War, that his goals meet the unpleasant reality and the unfinished business of the past.
White House officials want everyone to rest assured: They'll make an effort to deal with tactical nuclear weapons in the next treaty. In fact, they mistakenly thought, a year ago, that the new START agreement would be a snap and they'd be moving on to the bigger challenges by now. But a closer look suggests that tactical nukes are going to be very, very hard to negotiate. That's why they are still around — it is a tough one.
For years, experts have been warning about the dangers of tactical nukes. They could be a temptation for a terrorist diversion, small enough to be driven away in a truck. While it would be difficult to actually explode one, there was serious concern at the end of the Cold War about the thousands of Soviet-era tactical nuclear weapons. The warheads were vulnerable as Moscow hastily hauled them back into Russia in old train cars which lacked sophisticated alarms or armored blankets to protect the warheads from bullets or shrapnel. Although the warheads were deactivated, the headaches were immense, including a shortage of secure storage space to hold them once they got back into Russia. Eventually, the United States carried out a secret operation in which one of the Soviet model cars was shipped to Sandia National Laboratory in New Mexico, which designed an upgrade.
Both Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and U.S. President George H. W. Bush realized the urgency in late 1991 and unilaterally withdrew many of these weapons in the final months before the Soviet collapse. But they never sealed these pullbacks in a mutual arms control treaty, and there is no verification to this day.
Fortunately, there are far fewer warheads on both sides today. And Russian storage facilities are probably more secure than in 1991. But those weapons that remain seem to stubbornly elude arms control.
Why? They are essentially political weapons for political ends. The argument for keeping U.S. tactical nuclear weapons in Europe is that they hold the alliance together — a joint manifestation of the U.S. commitment to protect its allies. And the dual-key approach to managing them has meant that the Europeans would have to be involved in actually using them in the event. But lately, fresh demands have been made in Europe to take another look at the need for these weapons and possibly remove them. In February, the foreign ministers of Germany, Belgium, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, and Norway called on NATO to re-examine the need for them, and the issue is expected to be raised as the alliance writes a new “strategic concept” this year.
The United States and others have been reluctant to unilaterally withdraw the weapons, which are believed to be based in Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, Italy, and Turkey. Before any arms-control negotiation could get underway, NATO would have to come up with a common position. And others have pointed out that the concept of extended deterrence — the U.S. nuclear umbrella — can be achieved with longer-range weapons and does not rely on the tactical nukes.
An even bigger question mark is whether Russia would be willing to reduce its pile of small nuclear weapons. Probably not any time soon. The expansion of NATO to its borders has left Russia wary, while its conventional or non-nuclear military forces are weaker than in the past. And Russian leaders are alarmed at the long-range precision-guided conventional weapons under development by the United States. Russia has demanded that the United States pull back all the tactical weapons in Europe to its national territory — as Russia has already done — before considering any negotiations.
Pavel Podvig, a physicist and research associate at Stanford University's Center for International Security and Cooperation, points out that the new Russian military doctrine doesn't include any specific mission for tactical nuclear weapons. “Of course, nobody in Russia is ready to get rid of them just yet, but it does indicate that the Russians realize that the utility of these weapons is highly questionable, even if they aren't ready to publicly admit it,” he wrote recently. Podvig made a practical suggestion for moving in phases: Both the United States and Russia would first move all tactical nukes to a central storage facility deep within their national territory, then later deal with verification, transparency, and ultimately elimination.
Podvig's plan would be a good first step. Without something like this, there may well be years of further impasse over weapons that lack a military purpose, deployed during a Cold War that ended two decades ago. So before anyone cracks open the champagne for Obama's vision of a nuclear free world, don't take your eye off the little guys.
Roger Stone, a longtime Republican political operative and current ally of Donald Trump, on Monday said the GOP nominee should release his tax returns right away.
“Yes, I think he should release his tax returns immediately,” Stone said in a radio interview with the “Fernand Amandi Show,” according to BuzzFeed News, when asked if Trump was making a mistake by not doing so.
Trump and his campaign have offered myriad excuses for not making the records available to the public ― a tradition followed by major party nominees for decades.
The businessman has repeatedly cited an ongoing audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason as to why he couldn't release the returns. The IRS, however, has said individuals are not prohibited from sharing tax information while being audited. President Richard Nixon released his tax returns during an audit. Moreover, there is nothing stopping Trump from releasing previous returns for years not currently under audit.
Over the weekend, newly minted Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Trump would not release his tax returns until the IRS audit is complete, despite previously calling on him to make the information available while working for a super PAC supporting Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (R).
Back in May, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski also claimed there was “nothing to learn” from the tax returns. The opposition to the release of the records was maintained by his successor, Paul Manafort, who was pushed out of the campaign last week amid revelations he secretly lobbied on behalf of Ukraine's pro-Russian government in 2014.
RELATED CONTENT Even Donald Trump's Supporters Are Telling Him To Release His Tax Returns
Stone isn't the first Trump supporter to call on the GOP nominee to release his tax returns. Earlier this month, Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) wrote a Sunday New York Times op-ed titled “I Support You, Donald Trump. Now Release Your Tax Returns.” The congressman noted his continued ability to support Trump will “in part be driven by whether Mr. Trump keeps his word that he will release his tax records.”
But the break in messaging is somewhat surprising for Stone, a longtime friend of Trump who quit his campaign last summer. The hard-nosed GOP operative regularly peddles conspiracy theories about Hillary and Bill Clinton. He previously “confirmed” that Cruz's father was involved in the Kennedy assassination, and called for Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders (I) to be shot for treason.
Clinton's campaign began airing a new ad last week attacking Trump for not releasing his tax returns despite saying in 2014 he “absolutely” would do so. She and her running mate, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine, also released their returns in an effort to pressure their Republican opponent to do the same.
by LIEUWE DE VRIES
Dutch attack helicopters operating in Mali flew into action for the first time on Jan. 20. The result was a lopsided victory for the Dutch, who are taking part in the United Nations peacekeeping mission in the country.
The battle occurred as separatist rebels from the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad—or MNLA for short—advanced on the northern town of Tabankort. The rebels used heavy weapons to fire on U.N. peacekeepers in the town.
The U.N. troops called in an Apache attack helicopter to provide fire support.
The gunship opened up with warning shots to deter the rebels, but when that failed, the Apache destroyed a vehicle the militants used to coordinate the attack.
At least five rebels died in the clash.
The gunship attack against the Tuareg rebels sparked protests the following day. A crowd—mostly women and children—took over an airport in the northern town of Kidal, about 100 miles to the northeast of Tabankort.
U.N. troops fired shots into the air, but this failed to end the protests. The peacekeepers received the order to abandon their posts, and the crowd burned tents and generators at the airport.
“They were violent,” U.N. spokesperson Radhia Achouri told Reuters. “They threw stones, they burned some assets.”
There's also a reason why skirmishes are heating up around the town of Tabankort. The pro-government GATIA militia holds the town, and the MNLA wants to capture it.
The MNLA condemned the attacks by the Dutch helicopters, and declared it was evidence of direct support for the GATIA. Officially, the peacekeepers don't take sides in Mali's internal conflict. But the Dutch force can defend itself. The Netherlands has 450 ground troops, four Apache gunships and three Chinook heavy transport helicopters in Mali.
Mighty No. 9 Is Finished By Pete Haas Random Article Blend
"We're pretty much finished, and from now we'll be heading into the porting and promotion stage," Inafune said. "We hope all of you can help us out! We'll be burning the midnight oil over here and working hard everyday all the way to launch.
"Thank you for all of your continued support! We'll do our best!"
Porting Mighty No. 9 to additional platforms isn't a trivial task. Comcept was originally conceived as a PC game but the developers are now planning to release the game on Mac, Linux,
Mighty No. 9 is inspired by the Mega Man series created by Inafune. A computer virus has caused robots throughout the world to become violent. The player is Beck, the only robot that hasn't been infected by the virus. They'll battle through multiple stages with bosses at the end. Along the way, Beck will become more powerful by acquiring weapons and abilities from enemies.
The game Mega Man pedigree, means that there's a lot of pressure on Comcept to deliver a great game. I hope that Mighty No. 9 lives up to the high expectations.
To Comcept's credit, they've been giving players a chance to test Mighty No. 9 before launch. They
Most of the Mighty No. 9's news to date have been posted on their Kickstarter page. However, starting this month they'll be using the
"Once a month we'll post a digest on Kickstarter with links to the previous month's updates, as well as a preview for the first update of the current month. In addition, any 9th, 19th or 29th update that would fall on a weekend or Japanese holiday will be moved to the subsequent weekday," the studio said in their Kickstarter project Mighty No. 9 is almost here. Producer Keiji Inafune announced in a new video update that the development team is wrapping up their work on the run and gun game."We're pretty much finished, and from now we'll be heading into the porting and promotion stage," Inafune said. "We hope all of you can help us out! We'll be burning the midnight oil over here and working hard everyday all the way to launch."Thank you for all of your continued support! We'll do our best!"Portingto additional platforms isn't a trivial task. Comcept was originally conceived as a PC game but the developers are now planning to release the game on Mac, Linux, PS3 , Xbox 360, Wii U , PS4, Xbox One , 3DS, and PlayStation Vita as well. They added all of these platforms to the game because their Kickstarter campaign hit numerous stretch goals.is inspired by theseries created by Inafune. A computer virus has caused robots throughout the world to become violent. The player is Beck, the only robot that hasn't been infected by the virus. They'll battle through multiple stages with bosses at the end. Along the way, Beck will become more powerful by acquiring weapons and abilities from enemies.The game raised over $4 million through Kickstarter and PayPal. The huge amount of money donated by consumers, along with thepedigree, means that there's a lot of pressure on Comcept to deliver a great game. I hope thatlives up to the high expectations.To Comcept's credit, they've been giving players a chance to testbefore launch. They invited players into the beta this fall. This has two big benefits. First, the beta gives backers and non-backers alike a chance to see more of the game and find out whether it's for them. Second, this testing will provide the development team with feedback that could help them make the game better by launch.Most of the's news to date have been posted on their Kickstarter page. However, starting this month they'll be using the game's official website as their primary way of communicating with players. They promise three updates per month on that website from now until the game's release this spring."Once a month we'll post a digest on Kickstarter with links to the previous month's updates, as well as a preview for the first update of the current month. In addition, any 9th, 19th or 29th update that would fall on a weekend or Japanese holiday will be moved to the subsequent weekday," the studio said in their final 2014 news post Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
By Mark Lisheron
Chastened last year by an unseemly questioning of the value of its ivory tower, Texas A&M University officials have reverted to education reforms in the traditional manner.
By contraction and secrecy.
Word has for a couple of weeks been dribbling out of College Station that a private company is promising the university could make $125 million over 10 years if it turned over all of its dining services on campus to the company.
Which would be a considerable improvement over the $1 million the university's dining services has been losing every year, John Sharp, chancellor of the Texas A&M University System, told Texas Tribune this spring.
At least some of the dining services committee members considering the offer have warmed to the idea, the Bryan-College Station Eagle is reporting.
Which company is making the offer and how it plans to revolutionize Aggie mealtime is apparently too much for the public to process at this time. An anonymous source was generous enough to provide some reporters with the general picture of this one particular company.
Whether the two other private companies the university says are also bidding for the contract can match it, no one has so far anonymously leaked.
Encouraged by the source's effectiveness, committee members, too, concluded they might speak more freely if their names weren't attached to their comments.
One supposedly skeptical committee member told the Eagle the company converted him with an amazing insight into the free market.
“The projections, when I first saw them blew me off because I thought, ‘How on Earth can they make that kind of money?' he clandestinely told the Eagle. “Then it became clear. This is a business they mean to grow.”
Whether or not that insight comes as a surprise to the professors of economics on campus was also not disclosed. But it was up to Rex Janne, chairman of the committee, to disabuse the public of the notion that the $125 million figure or any of the other leaked information came from the committee.
Little wonder the university is reacting as if dining services reform were tectonic. A report challenging the productivity of the most tenured professors at A&M and the University of Texas, made very public more than a year ago, very nearly rended the entire university system.
The bitterly debated report gained academic and political currency. Its author, Rick O'Donnell, said university officials reacted predictably to his inquiries, withholding, evading and obfuscating.
The University of Texas System, which had hired O'Donnell as a special advisor, reacted even more predictably, letting O'Donnell go after less than two months.
Sharp told the Tribune reformers had gone about it all wrong, by striking at the very heart of higher education, its teachers and researchers.
Better to stick to something like dining services and this time do it in private.
***
Contact Mark Lisheron at 512-299-2318 or mark@texaswatchdog.org or on Twitter at @marktxwatchdog.
Keep up with all the latest news from Texas Watchdog. Fan our page on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and Scribd, and fan us on YouTube. Join our network on de.licio.us, and put our RSS feeds in your newsreader. We're also on MySpace, Digg, FriendFeed, and tumblr.
Photo of a cafeteria serving line by flickr user cubby_t_bear, used via a Creative Commons license.
In September, Matt Kulesza started a life changing personal mission to bring back a different component of social media. The Melbourne, Australia 28-year-old student and digital strategist was going through his Facebook friends list, ready to delete a bunch of random acquaintances and people he felt he'd lost touch with. But after taking a second to think about it, he came up with a better idea.
Realizing he hadn't seen many of his Facebook friends for years, he decided to make a different sort of change. In an effort to meet with all 1,008 of his Facebook friends, Kulesza created the 1000+ COFFEES blog. On the blog, he documents all of his hangouts, outlining background of their relationships; what they do, how the interaction affected him, photos at the coffee spot with the friend of the day, and what each person decided to drink.
Matt with Josh: “Josh and I met last year at Meredith Music Festival…We discussed Truvada – a pill currently being trialled in Australia for preventing HIV, the controversies surrounding it and its impact on the world as well as Josh's recent overseas travels in the U.S. and future plans post-PhD.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Matt with Kris: “Over the last three years Kris has been living in Kenya, working for the Red Cross and is moving to Uganda in a few weeks, so I was keen to catch up with him before he left. We caught up on life, world politics and recent travel, discussing his experiences in Kenya and mine in North Korea.”
By doing this, he's been able to make new, and often unexpected, memories with Facebook friends and reconnect with old companions. He's not leaving anyone out either — even meeting up with an ex-girlfriend. He asks his ‘friends' questions about their lives (often like an interview) which helps to make powerful connections, both socially AND professionally; the project has led to job offers and many creative opportunities.
He works his schedule around these coffee dates with the goal of having genuine human interactions (outside of the ones we get from looking at a screen all day). He's met up with best friends, university acquaintances, and even a friend from primary school that he hasn't seen since 1998. Many of his old and new friends have enjoyed these hangouts and plan on hanging out with Kulesza more often. He's been most surprised by how willing people are to meet up and how many new types of people and interests he's exposed to. Readers of the blog absolutely love what Kulesza is doing and he's been getting tons of awesome feedback everyday.
Matt with Kate: “This morning I had the absolute pleasure of catching up with yet another ridiculously talented, finger-in-many-pies, inspirational go-getter-type Kate Cake.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Matt with Becky: “Today Becky inspired me to get back into music again. Her approach and philosophy to playing music while balancing other creative outlets and life obligations is spot-on and she has an extremely infectious creative energy about her.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Kulesza has already met up with 23 friends in the past three weeks, but he's just getting started. He's extremely dedicated and hopes to be able to connect with ALL of his friends within the next 3 years — but he's willing to keep doing this as long as it takes to get to know each and every person.
Soon Kulesza will be teaching at The School of Life, a new kind of educational system that centers around teaching the relationship between emotional intelligence and culture. He's getting plenty of experience with a spectrum of human interactions so we're sure he'll have a lot to share with his students.
Matt with Kit: “Today was the first time Kit and I met each other IRL. The only Facebook correspondence we'd had before setting up this coffee was me saying “Hello Kit!”when we first added each other in 2011.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Matt with Sally: “Whether it's stories about getting / regretting her first tattoo, hanging out in Toorak “meeting rich people” or deciding to represent herself in court over a huge amount of CityLink fines, Sally always has a hilarious story to tell and has an electric energy about her whenever we chat and hang out.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Matt with Robbie: “Hanging out with Robbie is a little bit like hanging out with the love child of Jim Carrey and Hannibal Lecter, insanely quick witted and a little off kilter.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Matt with Cal: “This afternoon I had the absolute pleasure of catching up with my old friend from primary school, Cal Mero, someone I haven't seen in thirteen years…Cal was one of those kids who said they wanted to become a marine biologist when they grow up. Cal actually became a marine biologist when he grew up.”
Image via 1000+COFFEES
Kulesza basically creates these awesome profile pieces for the people he meets and spreads the word about their work and things they're passionate about. It has turned out to be a fantastic and truly compelling idea.
Allagash Brewery products are some of the beers Sunset Grill & Tap in Allston purchases from Craft Brewers Guild.
The largest distributor of craft beers in Massachusetts will pay a fine of millions of dollars to avoid a 90-day suspension of its liquor license, a record-setting penalty imposed after the company was caught paying Boston bars to stock its brews, state regulators said Tuesday.
An investigation by the MassachusettsAlcoholic Beverages Control Commission, or ABCC, found that the distributor, Craft Brewers Guild of Everett, for years ran a so-called “pay-to-play” scheme in violation of state alcohol rules. Its sales representatives and managers routinely gave bars and restaurant companies in Boston thousands of dollars in exchange for stocking beers from Craft Brewers Guild and freezing out products from competing wholesalers.
As punishment, the ABCC in February slapped Craft Brewers Guild with an unprecedented 90-day license suspension. The company had the option of paying a fine instead, and a spokeswoman confirmed Tuesday that the ABCC had quickly accepted a fine Craft Brewers Guild proposed in a so-called “letter of compromise” submitted to the state earlier in the day.
Advertisement
A person familiar with Craft Brewers Guild's operations said the fine totaled around $2.6 million.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Tom Schreibel, the company's vice president of industry, community, and government affairs, said in an interview that Craft Brewers Guild decided to pay the fine to avoid disruptions to its employees and its approximately 4,000 retail customers.
“This is an unfortunate circumstance we're in, but this was the way to move forward,” Schreibel said. “We want to give our customers, our brewer partners, and ultimately the consumers of the greater Boston area the great beer we deliver.”
Schreibel added that Craft Brewers Guild cooperated fully with the ABCC and insisted the company no longer offered inducements to retailers. He said the company would pay the fine within seven days.
Importantly for the ABCC, Craft Brewers Guild will not appeal the suspension in state court, avoiding what could have been a protracted legal battle over longstanding but largely untested alcohol laws.
Advertisement
Generally, the ABCC allows companies whose licenses have been suspended to avoid shutting down by paying a fine equal to about half the profits they would have made during their suspensions. Officials declined to confirm the exact amount of the fine but agreed it would total millions of dollars — easily the largest ever collected by the ABCC.
The pay-to-play scheme was discovered by ABCC investigators after a brewer whose beer is distributed by Craft Brewers Guild complained about the practice on Twitter in 2014. Using subpoenas, they soon obtained financial records showing the distributor had paid at least $120,000 to Boston bars and shell “marketing” companies set up by Boston restaurant groups for the purpose of accepting the money.
Craft Brewers Guild is owned by the Sheehan Family Companies, which is based in Massachusetts and operates 19 beer distributors in 13 states. The company is one of the nation's largest beer wholesalers, according to the trade publication Beer Business Daily.
The company's lawyer complained at an ABCC hearing last year that pay-to-play was common at Craft Brewers' Guild's competitors and that the state's beer industry had “run amok.” The ABCC now says it's investigating several other allegations of pay-to-play.
Paying for product placement is common in other retail sectors, such as grocery stores, where big manufacturers and distributors compete for prime shelf space. But the practice was banned in the alcohol industry by most states decades ago, to keep large national brands from dominating local markets.
Advertisement
Critics have long complained the practice is rampant in the US beer industry but seldom punished. The ABCC's harsh penalty for Craft Brewers Guild is its first-ever enforcement of the pay-to-play ban, and seemed intended to send a message to the industry.
‘This is an unfortunate circumstance we're in, but this was the way to move forward.' Tom Schreibel, vice president of industry, community, and government affairs for the Craft Brewers Guild
“The members of the alcoholic beverages industry in Massachusetts are hereby admonished that if, for any reason [they] engage in similar conduct that creates a systemic illegality, this commission shall take similar, severe enforcement action,” the commission wrote in its decision in February. The commission also pointedly noted that Craft Brewers Guild “went to great lengths to hide its knowingly unlawful conduct.”
The message apparently reverberated throughout the industry: Beer trade publication Brewbound reported last week that Reyes Beverage Group, which owns beer distributors in several states, sent a letter after the ABCC decision telling its employees and suppliers not to offer illegal incentives to customers, while acknowledging pay-to-play was likely “prevalent in many of our territories.”
The ABCC has also charged five bars with violating pay-to-play regulations for improperly accepting payments from Craft Brewers Guild. The bars had been due to argue their case before the ABCC commissioners in February but successfully petitioned to delay the hearings until May. Possible punishments include fines or the suspension or revocation of their licenses.
No brewers have yet been cited in the investigation.
Dan Adams can be reached at dadams@globe.com . Follow him on Twitter @DanielAdams86
PORT ST. LUCIE, Florida — Parents panicked during a one-year-old girl's birthday party when a bounce house began losing air, and collapsed as more than a dozen children, ages two and three, were playing in it.
“We were very nervous, and we were very worried about the kids because it was extremely hot, and they were trapped inside the bounce house,” Deborah Romero, mother said.
Romero said parents rushed over to help.
“We couldn't really reach for all the kids, and we unfortunately had to pull one of the kids through the leg,” Romero said.
Romero said a family member followed the cord from the bounce house and noticed it had been unplugged.
“Somebody could've been very, very hurt,” Romero said.
She said the family looked at surveillance video and noticed something suspicious. The video shows a neighbor in his 60s walking over to take a look at the party, standing by a fence for a few seconds. Then, he's seen walking back and unplugging the bounce house, before walking back across the street.
Romero said she doesn't know who the man in the video is. She called police.
A police spokesperson said they canvassed the area and knocked on doors, and the man seen in the video has not been identified.
Romero said she cannot understand why someone would do something like this during her child's birthday party.
“Maybe think things through before he does them, because this is something that could have hurt the kids really, really badly,” Romero said.
NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Whoever invented the ‘laptop' probably didn't worry too much about male reproductive health.
People attend a workshop on the first day of the 18th World Wide Web Conference in Madrid April 20, 2009. REUTERS/Susana Vera
Turns out, unsurprisingly, that sitting with a computer on your lap will crank up the temperature of your nether regions, which could affect sperm quality.
And there is little you can do about it, according to the authors of a study out today in the journal Fertility and Sterility, short of putting your laptop on a desk.
The researchers hooked thermometers to the scrotums of 29 young men who were balancing a laptop on their knees. They found that even with a lap pad under the computer, the men's scrotums overheated quickly.
“Millions and millions of men are using laptops now, especially those in the reproductive age range,” said Dr. Yefim Sheynkin, a urologist at the State University of New York at Stony Brook, who led the new study.
“Within 10 or 15 minutes their scrotal temperature is already above what we consider safe, but they don't feel it,” he added.
So far, no studies have actually tested how laptops impact men's fertility, said Sheynkin, and there is no bulletproof evidence that it would. But earlier research has shown that warming the scrotum more than one degree Celsius (1.8 degrees Fahrenheit) is enough to damage sperm.
Under normal circumstances, the testicles' position outside of the body makes sure they stay a few degrees cooler than the inside of the body, which is necessary for sperm production.
“I wouldn't say that if someone starts to use laptops they will become infertile,” Sheynkin told Reuters Health. But frequent use might contribute to reproductive problems, he said, because “the scrotum doesn't have time to cool down.”
According to the American Urological Association, nearly one in six couples in the US have trouble conceiving a baby, and about half the time the man is at the root of the problem.
Both general health and lifestyle factors such as nutrition and drug use can influence reproductive health.
However, Sheynkin said tight jeans and briefs are generally not considered a risk factor.
“Clothes should not significantly change scrotal temperature, because you are moving around,” he said.
To hold a laptop on your knees, however, you need to sit still with your legs closed. After one hour in this position, the researchers found that men's testicle temperature had risen by up to 2.5 C.
A lap pad kept the computer cool and also made sure less heat was transmitted to the skin. But it didn't do much to cool the testicles, and might give “a false sense of security,” according to Sheynkin.
“It doesn't matter what pad you use,” he said. “You can put a pillow beneath your computer and it still won't protect you.”
As it turned out, leg position played a far bigger role. When the men sat with their legs spread wide — made possible only by placing the computer on a large lap pad — they could keep their testicles cooler. But it still took less than 30 minutes before they began overheating.
“No matter what you do, even with the legs spread wide apart, the temperature is still going to be higher than what we call safe,” said Sheynkin.
Belkin International, Inc., which sells lap pads and other electronics accessories, did not wish to comment on the new findings.
Dr. James F. Smith, a urologist at the University of California, San Francisco, cautioned that a clear impact of laptop use on fertility had still not been shown, and that it probably didn't play a big role.
Still, he added in an e-mail to Reuters Health, heating up the scrotum is likely to be bad for sperm production. He often asks patients that he sees for infertility if they use a laptop and, if so, suggests that they spread their legs periodically or place the computer on a desk.
Dr. Smith said the consequences of continued overheating of the testicles — so-called scrotal hyperthermia — probably weren't permanent, but might take months to go away.
“When interested in maximizing fertility potential,” he advised, “minimize harmful exposures, eat a healthy diet and exercise regularly.”
SOURCE: link.reuters.com/gyg44q Fertility and Sterility, online November 5, 2010.
PHOTOS: Alberta Premier Rachel Notley, who is not getting any credit for her economic successes from the Opposition or the media. Below: Alberta Finance Minister Joe Ceci; Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall; and University of Calgary economist Trevor Tombe (CBC photo).
Alberta added an impressive 20,000 full-time jobs in March, according to Statistics Canada, suggesting the province's resource-based economy is enjoying a significant rebound.
But will Premier Rachel Notley, Finance Minister Joe Ceci or any other member of Alberta's New Democratic Government get any credit for this development from the Opposition and its mainstream media auxiliary? Don't hold your breath.
Opponents of the government continue to repeat the same old claims about the state of the economy they were making a year ago, two years ago, and three years ago about PC premier Jim Prentice, pretty much word for word.
Meanwhile, next door in Saskatchewan – home of Premier Brad Wall, who a well-known Alberta right-wing Opposition figure not long ago declared to be the real leader of Western Canada – that province was shedding jobs in the same time period.
According to the same Statistics Canada report, employment declined in Saskatchewan by more than 5,000 jobs in March.
Since Saskatchewan's economy like Alberta's is resource dependent, this suggests that when it comes to real jobs for real people, Premier Notley's approach of continuing to fund basic services and programs is more effective at keeping the economy ticking along than Mr. Wall's ideologically driven austerity.
And since Saskatchewan's economy measured by Gross Domestic Product as well as its share of the national GDP and its population is always about a quarter of Alberta's, perhaps we could extrapolate that, all things being equal, if Saskatchewan were the same size as Alberta it would have lost about … 20,000 jobs.
On the other hand, the overall unemployment rate remains higher in Alberta – probably partly because so much of the Canadian oil industry is headquartered in Calgary and partly because more people are looking for work again now that the economy is perking up and there are more grounds for optimism here in Alberta. Nevertheless, that means there's still something for opponents of Ms. Notley's government to point to when the facts don't support their narrative … for the moment, anyway.
Just the same, by any normal measure, the Alberta economy remains strong. “The Alberta economy as a whole is robust … certainly relative to other provinces,” University of Calgary economist Trevor Tombe recently told a Postmedia reporter, who buried the good news, but at least covered it. “I'd still say it's the strongest economy in Canada.”
For its part, the federal statistics agency noted: “Employment in the province has been on an upward trend since the autumn of 2016.”
Alberta's recession this time has been shallower than it was in either 2008 or 1981, Dr. Tombe noted in a Tweet the day the Statistics Canada numbers came out – both earlier recessions took place while the Progressive Conservative Party was managing the economy.
Nor does the province's expected debt-to-GDP ratio of about 7-per-cent seem like a problem by any economic yardstick, despite the Opposition's best efforts to raise debate to a hysterical pitch over the size of the provincial debt.
Alberta's two main conservative opposition parties, and to a significant degree the mainstream media, have spent the past two years loudly and continually denouncing the NDP for the economic conditions the province faced – even though the most significant factor, the impact of the international price of oil on our historically one-note economy, was well beyond the provincial or even the federal government's control.
Now that the measures they have taken seem to be bearing some fruit, conservatives appear to have nothing much to say about this situation and the media has gone very, very quiet. The conservative parties, at least, have an excuse, being focused as they are on their efforts to join together in a tiny-tent social-conservative-dominated Frankenparty.
They're bound to argue the good economic news is all caused by factors outside Alberta, and has nothing to do with NDP policies – in other words, the only thing consistent about conservatives is their ideologically driven inconsistency.
For its part, the energy industry seems to be quietly supportive of what the Notley Government has been doing, which may also account for some conservative discomfort with the issue.
Indeed, the Alberta government's most effective critics nowadays, if not its loudest ones, may be found in the environmental movement.
Meanwhile, the orange-clad Edmonton Oilers are back in the National Hockey League playoffs for the first time since 2006. If they do better than the Calgary Flames, Wildrosers and PCs will presumably try to blame the NDP for that, too.
This post also appears on Rabble.ca.
Paul Craig Roberts
Prisonplanet.com
May 20, 2011
The police and the prostitute media have made it impossible for Dominique Strauss-Kahn to get a fair trial. From the moment of the announcement that he had been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting a hotel maid, and before he was ever indicted, the accounts given by the police were designed to create the impression that the director of the International Monetary Fund was guilty. For example, the police told the media, which duly regurgitated to the public, that Strauss-Kahn was in such a hurry to flee the scene of the crime that he left behind his cell phone. The police also put out the story that by calling airlines and demanding passenger lists, they managed to catch the fleeing rapist just as his plane was departing for France.
A New York judge denied Strauss-Kahn bail on the basis of police misrepresentation that he was apprehended fleeing the country.
Once he was imprisoned, the police announced that Strauss-Kahn was on suicide watch, which is a way of suggesting to the public that the accused rapist might take his own life in order to avoid the public humiliation of a guilty verdict from a jury.
But what really happened, assuming one can learn anything from press reports, is that Strauss-Kahn, upon arriving at JFK airport for his scheduled flight, discovered that he did not have his cell phone and telephoned the hotel, the scene of the alleged crime. It boggles the mind that anyone could possibly think that a person fleeing from his crime would call the scene of the crime, ask about his left behind cell phone, and tell them where he was.
Then in rapid succession, reeking of orchestration, a French woman step forward and declares that a decade ago she was nearly raped by Strauss-Kahn. This was followed by Kristin Davis, the Manhattan Madam of the prostitute who did in Eliot Spitzer before he could get the banksters on Wall Street, stepping forward to announce that one of her call girls refused to service Strauss-Kahn a second time because he was too rough in the act.
With hunting season opened, any woman whose career would benefit from publicity, or whose bank account would bless a damage award, can now step forward and claim to have been a victim or near victim of Strauss-Kahn.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This is not to deny that Strauss-Kahn might have an inordinate appetite for sex that did him in. It is to say that long before a jury hears from the maid, or from a prosecutor speaking for the maid “who is too traumatized to appear in court,” the jury has been programmed with the verdict that he is guilty.
Why would he run away if he didn't do it?
Look at all the women he has accosted!
You get the picture.
I have written about the anomalies of the case. One of the most striking is the confirmed reports in the French and British press that a political activist for French President Sarkozy, Jonathan Pinet, tweeted the news of Strauss-Kahn's arrest to Arnaud Dassier, a spin doctor for Sarkozy, before the news was announced by the New York police.
Pinet's explanation for how he was the first to know is that a “friend” in the Sofitel Hotel, where the alleged crime took place, told him. Is it merely a coincidence that the men assigned the task of removing the Strauss-Kahn threat to French President Sarkozy's re-election had a clued-in friend in the Sofitel Hotel? Did the police clue-in the “friend” before they made the public announcement? If so, why?
What bothers me about the Strauss-Kahn affair is that if the police have evidence that supports their insistence on his guilt, it is pointless for the police to set Strauss-Kahn up in the media. Generally, set-ups like this occur only when there is no evidence or when the evidence has to be fabricated and cannot withstand examination.
Stock up with Fresh Food that lasts with eFoodsDirect (AD)
As a person who had a Washington career, I find other aspects of the case disturbing. Strauss-Kahn had emerged as a threat to the establishment. Polls showed that as the socialist candidate, he was the odds-on favorite to defeat the American candidate, Sarkozy, in the upcoming French presidential election. Perhaps it was only electoral posturing to help defeat Sarkozy, but Strauss-Kahn indicated that he intended to move the International Monetary Fund away from its past policy of making the poor pay for the mistakes of the rich. He spoke of strengthening collective bargaining, and of restructuring mortgages, tax and spending policies in order that the economy would serve ordinary people in addition to the banksters. Strauss-Kahn said that regulation needed to be restored to financial markets and implied that a more even distribution of income was required.
These remarks, together with a likely win over Sarkozy in the French election, made Strauss-Kahn a double-barreled challenge to the establishment. The third strike against him was the recent IMF report that said China would surpass the US as the world's first economy within five years. http://www.marketwatch.com/story/imf-bombshell-age-of-america-about-to-end-2011-04-25
People who haven't spent their professional life in Washington may not understand the threat to Washington that is in the IMF report. Whether deserved or not, the IMF has a lot of credibility. By placing China as the number one economic power by the end of the next US presidential term, the IMF thrust a dagger through the heart of American hegemony. Washington's power is based on America's economic supremacy. The IMF report said that this supremacy was at its end.
This kind of announcement tells the political world that, as the headline read, “the age of America is over.” For the first time in decades, other countries can see the prospect of escaping from US domination. They don't have to be puppet states, part of the hegemonic empire. They see the prospect of serving their own people and their own interests instead of those of Washington. European countries, for example, forced to fight for Washington in Afghanistan and Libya, see light at the end of the tunnel. They can now think about refusing.
Although rich and a member of the establishment, and independently of his behavior toward women, Strauss-Kahn made the mistake of revealing that he might have a social conscience. Either this social conscience or the hubris of power led him to challenge American supremacy. This is an unforgivable crime for which he is being punished.
My friend, Alexander Cockburn, an intelligent and civilized person who is derided by right-wingers as a communist, lacks my experience of Washington. Consequently, he thinks that the facts will come out, although he seems to prefer that they come out on the side of the maid and not Strauss-Kahn.
If Alex were the Bolshevik he is said to be, he would know that no high-ranking figure who was serving the establishment would be destroyed on the basis of the word of an immigrant maid living in a sub-let apartment in a building for aids victims. The very notion that the US establishment craves justice to this extent is a total absurdity. Americans are so indifferent to injustice that the American public shrugs off the hundreds of thousands and millions of women, children, and village elders who are murdered, maimed, dispossessed, and displaced by the US military in Iraq, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Libya, Somalia, and wherever Washington and the military/security complex, while feeding on power and profit, can claim to be protecting Americans from “terrorists” or bringing democracy to the heathen.
The American criminal justice system is riddled with wrongful convictions and stinks of injustice. The US has a much higher rate of incarceration than alleged authoritarian regimes, such as China, and routinely destroys the lives of young people, and even mothers of small children, for using drugs.
Strauss-Kahn's indictment serves emotional needs of conservatives, left-wingers, and feminists as well as establishment agendas. Conservatives don't like the French, because they did not support the US invasion of Iraq. The left-wing doesn't like rich white guys and IMF officials, and feminists don't like womanizers. But even if the government's case falls apart in the courtroom, Strauss-Kahn has been removed from the French presidential race and from the IMF. This, not justice for an immigrant, is what the case is about.
Many Americans are unable to comprehend that authorities would remove a threat with a frame-up. But far worst has occurred. Francesco Cossiga, a former President of Italy, revealed that many of the bombings in Europe during the 1960s, 70s, and 80s, which were blamed on communists, were in fact “false flag” operations carried out by the CIA and Italian intelligence in order to scare voters away from the communist party. Cossiga's revelations resulted in a parliamentary investigation in which intelligence operative Vincenzo Vinciguerra stated: “You had to attack civilians, the people, women, children, innocent people, unknown people far removed from any political game. The reason was quite simple: to force the public to turn to the state to ask for greater security.”
If democratic governments will murder innocents for political reasons, why wouldn't they frame someone? Whether innocent or guilty, Strauss-Kahn has been framed in advance of his trial.
—
Dr. Paul Craig Roberts is the father of Reaganomics and the former head of policy at the Department of Treasury. He is a columnist and was previously an editor for the Wall Street Journal. His latest book, “How the Economy Was Lost: The War of the Worlds,” details why America is disintegrating.
This article was posted: Friday, May 20, 2011 at 8:17 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
When I was professor at a theological seminary in the mid-eighties, one of my students was a young man named Mark Gornik. One day we were standing at the copier and he told me that he was about to move into Sandtown, one of the poorest and most dangerous neighborhoods in Baltimore. I remember being quite surprised. When I asked him why, he said simply, “To do justice.”
It had been decades since any white people had moved into Sandtown. For the first couple of years there, it was touch and go. Mark told a reporter, “The police thought I was a drug dealer, and the drug dealers thought I was a police officer. So, for a while there, I didn't know who was going to shoot me first.” Yet over the years Mark, along with leaders in the community, established a church and a comprehensive set of ministries that have slowly transformed the neighborhood.
Although Mark was living a comfortable, safe lives, he became concerned about the most vulnerable, poor and marginalized members of our society, and made long-term personal sacrifices in order to serve their interests, needs and cause.
That is, according to the Bible, what it means to “do justice.”
Justice is Care for the Vulnerable
The Hebrew word for “justice,” mishpat, occurs in its various forms more than 200 times in the Hebrew Old Testament. Its most basic meaning is to treat people equitably. It means acquitting or punishing every person on the merits of the case, regardless of race or social status. Anyone who does the same wrong should be given the same penalty.
But mishpat means more than just the punishment of wrongdoing. It also means giving people their rights. Deuteronomy 18 directs that the priests of the tabernacle should be supported by a certain percentage of the people's income. This support is described as “the priests' mishpat,” which means their due or their right. Mishpat, then, is giving people what they are due, whether punishment or protection or care.
This is why, if you look at every place the word is used in the Old Testament, several classes of persons continually come up. Over and over again, mishpat describes taking up the care and cause of widows, orphans, immigrants and the poor—those who have been called “the quartet of the vulnerable.”
In premodern, agrarian societies, these four groups had no social power. They lived at subsistence level and were only days from starvation if there was any famine, invasion or even minor social unrest. Today, this quartet would be expanded to include the refugee, the migrant worker, the homeless and many single parents and elderly people.
The mishpat, or justness, of a society, according to the Bible, is evaluated by how it treats these groups. Any neglect shown to the needs of the members of this quartet is not called merely a lack of mercy or charity but a violation of justice, of mishpat. God loves and defends those with the least economic and social power, and so should we. That is what it means to “do justice.”
Justice Reflects the Character of God
Why should we be concerned about the vulnerable ones? It is because God is concerned about them. It is striking to see how often God is introduced as the defender of these vulnerable groups.
Don't miss the significance of this. When people ask me, “How do you want to be introduced?” I usually propose they say, “This is Tim Keller, minister at Redeemer Presbyterian Church in New York City.” Of course, I am many other things, but that is the main thing I spend my time doing in public life.
Realize, then, how significant it is that the biblical writers introduce God as “a father to the fatherless, a defender of widows” (Psalm 68:4-5). This is one of the main things He does in the world. He identifies with the powerless. He takes up their cause.
Justice is Right Relationships
We must have a strong concern for the poor, but there is more to the biblical idea of justice than that. We get more insight when we consider a second Hebrew word that can be translated as “being just,” though it usually translated as “being righteous.” The word is tzadeqah, and it refers to a life of right relationships.
When most modern people see the word “righteousness” in the Bible, they tend to think of it in terms of private morality, such as sexual chastity or diligence in prayer and Bible study. But in the Bible, tzadeqah refers to day-to-day living in which a person conducts all relationships in family and society with fairness, generosity and equity. It is not surprising, then, to discover that tzadeqah and mishpat are brought together scores of times in the Bible.
These two words roughly correspond to what some have called “primary” and “rectifying justice.” Rectifying justice is mishpat. It means punishing wrongdoers and caring for the victims of unjust treatment. Primary justice, or tzadeqah, is behavior that, if it was prevalent in the world, would render rectifying justice unnecessary, because everyone would be living in right relationship to everyone else. Therefore, though tzadeqah is primarily about being in a right relationship with God, the righteous life that results is profoundly social.
Rectifying justice, or mishpat, in our world could mean prosecuting the men who batter, exploit and rob poor women. It could also mean respectfully putting pressure on a local police department until they respond to calls and crimes as quickly in the poor part of town as in the prosperous part. Another example would be to form an organization that both prosecutes and seeks justice against loan companies that prey on the poor and the elderly with dishonest and exploitive practices.
Primary justice, or tzadeqah, may mean taking the time personally to meet the needs of the handicapped, the elderly or the hungry in our neighborhoods. Or it could mean the establishment of new nonprofits to serve the interests of these classes of persons. It could also mean a group of families from the more prosperous side of town adopting the public school in a poor community and making generous donations of money and pro bono work in order to improve the quality of education there.
When these two words, tzadeqah and mishpat, are tied together, as they are over three dozen times, the English expression that best conveys the meaning is “social justice.”
Justice includes Generosity
Many readers may be asking at this point why we are calling private giving to the poor “justice.” Some Christians believe that justice is strictly mishpat—the punishment of wrongdoing, period. This does not mean they think believers should be indifferent to the plight of the poor, but they would insist that helping the needy through generous giving should be called mercy, compassion or charity—not justice.
In English, however, the word “charity” conveys a good but optional activity. Charity cannot be a requirement, for then it would not be charity. But this view does not fit in with the strength or balance of the biblical teaching.
In the Scripture, gifts to the poor are called “acts of righteousness,” as in Matthew 6:1-2. Not giving generously, then, is not stinginess but unrighteousness, a violation of God's law. In the book of Job, we see Job call every failure to help the poor a sin, offensive to God's splendor (Job 31:23) and deserving of judgment and punishment (v. 28). Remarkably, Job is asserting that it would be a sin against God to think of his goods as belonging to himself alone. To not “share his bread” and his assets with the poor would be unrighteous, a sin against God, and therefore by definition a violation of God's justice.
Despite the effort to draw a line between “justice” as legal fairness and sharing as “charity,” numerous Scripture passages make radical generosity one of the marks of living justly. The just person lives a life of honesty, equity and generosity in every aspect of his or her life.
If you are trying to live a life in accordance with the Bible, the concept and call to justice are inescapable. We do justice when we give all human beings their due as creations of God. Doing justice includes not only the righting of wrongs but generosity and social concern, especially toward the poor and vulnerable.
Reprinted from: Generous Justice by Timothy Keller, Riverhead Books a member of Penguin Group (USA), Inc.
The Predators were swept in the first round of the playoffs by the Blackhawks last season. (Photo11: Christopher Hanewinckel, USA TODAY Sports)
No matter how you finished last season, a new campaign offers renewed hope for all 30 teams in the NHL. While there is still an abundance of quality free agents on the market, for the most part the main framework for each team is set. And with about three weeks remaining until training camps open, it's not too early to start handicapping the new season.
The following will outline the Western Conference teams' biggest potential roadblock to winning the Stanley Cup in 2015-16. This is not to say that each issue is created equal, or that each one is the only problem facing the respective team. The likelihood of the Arizona Coyotes winning the Stanley Cup still is much lower than the Anaheim Ducks, for instance. Further, this list does not account for the ability teams have to patch holes (minor-league depth, money) during the season.
(Check back next week for reasons to be optimistic.)
Anaheim Ducks: No. 1 defenseman. There are plenty of new faces and added depth on the roster after Ducks general manager Bob Murray's busy offseason, but the defense is still lacking a top pairing. Hampus Lindholm, 21, has improved in each of his first two seasons, but at the least he needs some help. (Peter Barzilai)
Arizona Coyotes: Long way to go. If you don't know why the Coyotes won't win the Stanley Cup, you probably haven't been paying attention. Last season brought on full dump-and-chase mode, as in dump players and chase one of the top draft picks. Now there is little left behind in the way of NHL-ready firepower. That would be Oliver Ekman-Larsson. Coach Dave Tippett will keep the Coyotes competitive, and that's as good as it will get until the prospects come of age. (PB)
Calgary Flames: Repeat or retreat? The collapse never came last season, as the Flames defied conventional wisdom and statistical evidence to reach the playoffs and win a round. But the back-slide is a real possibility in 2015-16. Several veterans, including Jiri Hudler, Dennis Wideman, Mark Giordano and Kris Russell, had arguably the best season of their career and to expect more of the same is foolish. Likewise, the goalie platoon of Jonas Hiller and Karri Ramo was solid, yet neither is one you would expect to lead a team to the Cup. (PB)
Chicago Blackhawks: Crucial pieces gone. No team has won back-to-back Stanley Cups since the Detroit Red Wings in 1997-98. With major players such as Brandon Saad, Patrick Sharp and Johnny Oduya elsewhere, and a police investigation swirling around perennial playoff hero Patrick Kane, the Blackhawks aren't likely to break the streak of non-repeaters. (Kristen Shilton)
Colorado Avalanche: Young core has not won. The Avalanche's core players are too green, and the team's attention to defense has been nonexistent the past few seasons. The club let Ryan O'Reilly go in the offseason and are relying on guys such as Gabriel Landeskog, 22, and Nathan McKinnon,19, to be major contributors behind the leadership of aging veterans Jarome Iginla and Francois Beauchemin. Semyon Varlamov could play the best hockey of his career and it still wouldn't be enough to make this strange hockey experiment of a team a true contender. (KS)
Dallas Stars: Defensive zone play. The Stars brought in Antti Niemi to bolster their goaltending, but it's a stretch to expect the Niemi-Kari Lehtonen duo to be able to make up for Dallas' wretched defense. Without getting the team's young stars as interested in blue-line play as they are in scoring highlight-reel worthy goals, the Stars will stall once again. (KS)
Edmonton Oilers: Getting there. Connor McDavid is not the only newcomer. GM Peter Chiarelli and coach Todd McLellan will also play a big role in trying to turn around this moribund franchise. But it won't happen this season, at least not to the point of the Oilers winning the Stanley Cup. McDavid is going to be a star, but for now he is an 18-year-old rookie with much to learn. And speaking of learning, the other core members of the Oilers have not showed they know how to win yet. Cam Talbot, acquired from the Rangers in the offseason, is unproven as a No. 1 goalie. (PB)
Los Angeles Kings: Moving on. With heart-and-soul players such as Justin Williams, Jarret Stoll and Mike Richards elsewhere, the Kings are drifting further away from what made them two-time Stanley Cup champions. Although Stoll and Richards had struggled – with Richards' contract being terminated by the team – they joined Anze Kopitar and Jeff Carter in making the Kings' depth down the middle one of their strengths. Now the Kings look to the versatile Trevor Lewis and youngsters Nick Shore and Andy Anderoff. The defense is also thin with Slava Voynov's future in doubt, although the recent signing of Christian Ehrhoff will help. (PB)
Los Angeles Kings forward Nick Shore, 22, had seven points in 36 NHL games last season. (Photo11: Gary A. Vasquez, USA TODAY Sports)
Minnesota Wild: Counting on same crew. Minnesota plays in this stacked Central Division and was swept in the playoffs by the Blackhawks last season, yet all they saw fit to do in the intervening months was sign goalie Devan Dubnyk long term. That either shows the faith the organization has in Dubnyk and the team's young pieces to be able to bring it all together without outside help or they've already resigned themselves to not playing this June. (KS)
Nashville Predators: Can they beat the best? The Predators do all kinds of things right in the regular season, but getting in – and staying in – the playoff picture is a hurdle they haven't been able to clear recently, especially when facing their pesky rival Blackhawks. The team's best player, Shea Weber, isn't getting any younger, and Nashville's inability to push past the best of the best in their conference continues to bode poorly for his chances at a title with the club. (KS)
St. Louis Blues: Overbearing Ken Hitchcock. Hitchcock's smothering coaching style has always had a tendency to stifle the younger end of the Blues roster. Given the youth movement the club is currently experiencing (23-year-old Vladimir Tarasenko is their highest-paid player), Hitchcock's failure to loosen his grip and let the youngsters spread their wings will lead to another disappointing playoff exit for St. Louis. (KS)
San Jose Sharks: Stuck in the middle. The Sharks are trying to rebuild on the fly. It didn't work last season and it won't 2015-16. Free agents Joel Ward and Paul Martin have been added to the mix of veterans that includes Joe Thornton and Patrick Marleau. Instead the Sharks should be getting younger, adding to players who will carry the team in the future -- Logan Couture, Tomas Hertl, Matt Nieto, Chris Tierney, Mirco Mueller to name a few. (PB)
Vancouver Canucks: Age-old questions. Not only will the Canucks not win the Cup, there is good reason to believe they will miss the playoffs. The top players are getting old, including the Sedins turning 35 in September and Ryan Miller already there. The newly acquired Brandon Sutter is considered a “cornerstone” by GM Jim Benning, although that wasn't the case in Sutter's previous stops in Carolina and Pittsburgh. That may leave youngsters such as Bo Horvat, Jake Virtanen and Sven Baertschi to carry the load, which is asking too much at this point. (PB)
Winnipeg Jets: Goaltending. Ondrej Pavelec, Stanley Cup-winning goalie just doesn't sound right. Are we to believe Pavelec has turned into an above-average netminder after one year? He's been one of the worst goalies for much of his career. If he turns into a pumpkin, enter Michael Hutchinson, 25, who wore down as last season progressed. Andrew Ladd's and Dustin Byfuglien's uncertain futures will also test the club's focus. (KS)
PHOTOS: Players changing teams in 2015-16
Officials say the area surrounding the Liberty Canyon exit on the 101 Freeway is an ideal location for a wildlife crossing because it has natural habitat on both sides of the freeway and connects to vast areas of open space. (Photo courtesy National Park Service)
Mountain Lion Death Renews Calls For Wildlife Corridor Across 101 Freeway Officials say the area surrounding the Liberty Canyon exit on the 101 Freeway is an ideal location for a wildlife crossing because it has natural habitat on both sides of the freeway and connects to vast areas of open space. (Photo courtesy National Park Service)
AGOURA HILLS (CBSLA.com) — Environmental activists and wildlife experts renewed calls Wednesday for a wildlife corridor under the 101 Freeway in Agoura Hills after a young mountain lion was struck and killed.
KNX 1070's Megan Goldsby reports that experts say preliminary DNA results indicate the mountain lion was traveling from the north and was on the verge of bringing new genetic material to the isolated cat population in the Santa Monica Mountains.
Mountain Lion Death Renews Calls For Wildlife Corridor Across 101 Freeway
Wildlife advocates have long pushed for a wildlife tunnel crossing near the Liberty Canyon exit, where the lion — known officially as P-12 — was apparently struck and killed by a car.
Caltrans has twice come up short in applying for federal transportation funding for the $10 million project. The agency expects to submit another round of applications early next year.
Dr. Seth Riley, an expert on urban wildlife with the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area, a unit of the National Park Service, said a safe corridor is critical for maintaining genetic diversity in the area.
“The freeway has just become a huge corridor of development, and so unfortunately there are very few places along the 101 where there's natural habitat on one side of the freeway, let alone on both,” Riley said.
Scientists say after spending the first year or so with their mothers, young male mountain lions typically disperse to new territory in order to avoid dominant males.
Of more than 30 lions tracked during the decade-long National Park Service study, only one has successfully crossed the 101 Freeway, according to Riley.
Riley and his colleagues at the Robert Wayne Lab at UCLA and the Holly Ernest Lab at UC Davis have documented genetic differences in populations north and south of the 101 Freeway, as well as multiple cases of first-order inbreeding in which a father mates with his offspring.
“We think there's just not enough room for more than 10 or 15 mountain lions in the Santa Monica Mountains, and that's just not enough in the long run genetically,” he said.
The mountain preserve is the largest urban national park in the country, encompassing more than 150,000 acres of mountains and coastline in Ventura and Los Angeles counties, according to officials.
0 Class-action lawsuit filed on behalf of Lynnwood red light camera ticket recipients
LYNNWOOD, Wash. - Tens of thousands of people have paid millions of dollars in fines for driving through red lights in Lynnwood.
Those infractions were all caught on camera. A class-action lawsuit filed this week in U.S. District Court in Seattle seeks millions of dollars in refunds.
File photo
>> Read the Complaint here.
Ian Jordan admits that he drove through the intersection of 196th Street Southwest and 36th in Lynnwood just as the light turned red.
However, the engineer from Mill Creek claims that the city is operating its red light cameras illegally, so he and thousands of others should get back the money that they were fined.
>> Read Amy Clancy's report "Lawsuit: Lynnwood red light camera tickets should be refunded" from Sept. 30, 2016.
“If you want to say, ‘If you don't want this ticket, don't break the law,' I'd say to Lynnwood, 'If you wanted to collect all that money, don't break the law,'” Jordan said from his attorney's office on Friday.
Jordan and his lawyer, Jay Carlson of Carlson Legal in Seattle, filed a tort claim last year against Lynnwood.
This week, they filed a class-action lawsuit in federal court.
They claim that state law requires municipalities operating red light camera systems to "post an annual report of the number of traffic accidents that occurred at each location" where a camera is located, plus "the number of notices of infraction issued for each camera."
According to Jordan and Carlson, Lynnwood didn't provide those numbers for 2 ½ years, beginning in 2013, and started posting them on the city's website only after they filed their claim.
“Without communicating with us, they began slowly updating the data that they had not posted in years,” Carlson told KIRO 7. “In my view, posting the data the way they did is an admission by the city that our tort claim was correct, that they were in violation of state law, and they knew they had to fix it, which is what they tried to do.”
Now that the data is being posted, Carlson and Jordan estimate that more than 100,000 people were illegally issued tickets during that 2 ½-year period.
Their lawsuit seeks a reimbursement to drivers of more than $12 million.
“We've heard nothing from Lynnwood,” Jordan said, “so we're going to continue to bring this to the next level to make sure that Lynnwood fixes the problem.”
In an emailed statement, Julie Moore of the city of Lynnwood told KIRO 7 that the class-action lawsuit has been forwarded to the city's attorney. Other than that, she said no one is able to comment "on the merits of the suit."
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
Story highlights American CEO apologizes, says the glitch affected the backup system, too
Nationwide move is very unusual for a major U.S. airline, big delays
Grounding also impacted American's regional partner, American Eagle
American said it saw no link between its problems and events in Boston
American Airlines grounded flights nationwide on Tuesday due to problems over several hours with its computerized reservation system.
The decision also resulted its regional affiliate, American Eagle, holding flights at Dallas Ft. Worth, Chicago's O'Hare and New York LaGuardia -- all major airports for the carrier's domestic operations.
The glitch caused big delays and flight cancellations for the company, which sought court approval on Monday to exit bankruptcy. It plans to merge with US Airways.
American CEO Tom Horton apologized the customers in a video Tuesday evening, saying that the glitch was "a software issue impacting both primary and backup systems."
Bad weather often forces airlines to halt flights in specific regions, but a nationwide grounding is highly unusual.
American estimates it flies about 275,000 passengers a day and receives more than 239,000 reservations calls.
American first reported computer problems via Twitter at noon ET, then announced a ground stop one hour later.
Its reservation systems were restored by 4:30 p.m., but the company said passengers could expect delays and cancellations throughout the day.
The Federal Aviation Administration also confirmed that American had sought permission to hold flights.
The carrier said in a statement that it saw "no evidence" that the technical outage was in any way related to Monday's deadly bombing in Boston that is under investigation as an act of terrorism.
Airlines have long been a target of overseas terrorists, although U.S. officials say they have not determined whether the origin of the Boston attack was domestic or foreign.
American's reservation systems are operated by the technology company Sabre, which told CNN that its systems were functioning, but American had trouble connecting.
DFW, where American operates 85% of daily flights, used buses to help get passengers off planes because gates were full of aircraft that had not departed, spokesman David Magaña said.
Inside the terminal there were some longer lines and the airport was more crowded than it would be on a day with normal operations.
The carrier apologized to passengers and said they could rebook on another airline if they must travel on Tuesday and were already at the airport.
American was also willing to honor fare differences for rebooked travel, in certain cases, or offer refunds in other circumstances.
There's been nothing blue about Toronto FC's October so far. The club kicked off the crucial month with a 3-1 victory over the Philadelphia Union that puts them the closest they've ever been to the playoffs: needing only one point in their final three games.
For the rest of Toronto, however, they have been swept up in the so-called "blue October" phenomenon, celebrating the Blue Jays playing in their first playoff games in over two decades.
The Rogers Centre has been electric, the streets filled with Jays hats and every TV in the area has been showing one thing: the boys of the summer who have finally made themselves the boys of the fall.
In some ways, the timing couldn't be worse for Toronto FC. Just when they are about to make positive front page news for the first time in their history the Jays have taken over that front page, and the two after that.
Toronto FC will never look at it that way publicly, a winning atmosphere in the town is good they have consistently said. In many ways they are right, and watching the Toronto Blue Jays should get them hope and inspiration for what could be in store next month.
Seeing how passionately Toronto has stepped behind the Blue Jays should be enough to give even the most baseball-hating TFC fans goose bumps. It shows how strongly the city can unite behind a team who gives them something to cheer about.
Even the best case scenario the hype surrounding Toronto FC if they make their first ever playoff appearance will be nowhere near the level of the Jays.
TFC don't have the history of the Blue Jays, they don't have anything close to a championship season long ago that still inspires fans to flock to their stadium for the sentimental value.
In fact, through a vicious cycle of losing and mismanagement the TFC have lost a large number of supporters. Many are just returning to the club now. Others still need convincing that this won't all just blow up in their face again.
For them to return, and for others to start paying attention, Toronto FC need more than just a playoff appearance. Like the Blue Jays, they need a home playoff game to truly tap into the city's sports passion.
There has to be something visible and local for Torontonians to get behind. Toronto FC supporters need to be able to create a playoff memory at a BMO Field, not at a pub or at home on their TV.
Otherwise they run the risk of becoming the Toronto Maple Leafs, who's start to this NHL season has been a footnote in the city's news cycle.
Nothing is expected of the Leafs this year to be sure, but the silence under which they opened their season on Wednesday was surprising considering the fact that they have been at top of Toronto's sporting food chain for decades.
Getting lost in the numbers is especially probable if the Jays manage to keep themselves in the playoffs. In this case, a one and done playoff wildcard game on the road in the shadow of the Jays would get TFC little to no exposure.
It would be hard to consider that a successful season, one where the team finally rose to historic heights but were unable to do so with the general public interested in their success. It would still be a stepping stone, but an incredibly uneven one.
On the other hand, even in two losing efforts the Jays have shown how incredible of a sports city Toronto can be when they have a winner. Extrapolating that imagination to a packed, passionate and engaged BMO Field is exactly what the team should be playing for right now.
The Jays have started a Toronto sports frenzy, and if Toronto FC's can get at least one home playoff game at the right time they will be able to feed on that frenzy.
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – The world's smallest electric wheels, seen here on Wednesday, January 9, made by SPNKIX, go 10 miles per hour for seven miles and sell for $699. Over the years CES, under way this week in Las Vegas, has introduced such game-changing inventions as the Xbox and the Blu-ray player. What gadgets will make a splash this year? Here's a look at some of the more noteworthy ones. Hide Caption 1 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – This Orbit toy helicopter from Puzzlebox is controlled via brain waves. The user wears a headset which detects brain electrical activity and wirelessly transmits it to the helicopter, making it fly. The Orbit sells for $189. Hide Caption 2 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – A model demonstrates the DryWired coating that protects devices from liquid exposure during the second day of the Consumer Electronics Show on Wednesday, January 9. Hide Caption 3 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Intellect Motion shows off its GameCube on Wednesday, January 9. The system allows players to control a game using sensors that detect gravitational effects on the human body. Hide Caption 4 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – ECOVACS Winbot uses suction to attach itself to and clean the inside and outside of windows. Hide Caption 5 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – A man dressed in a full bodysuit wears headphones by MTX Audio. Hide Caption 6 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Movable television screens by Vutec sit in wooden picture frames and allow digital artwork to cover the screen when the TV is not being watched. Prices reach up to several thousand dollars, depending on size. Hide Caption 7 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Boo, billed as "the world's cutest dog," is depicted on furry headphones and iPhone cases made by Audio Technology of New York. They will be available in stores in six weeks. Hide Caption 8 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – People who wanted to demo Nikon's new cameras Tuesday could snap photos of these dancers at the Nikon booth. Hide Caption 9 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Edifier makes this Art Deco-styled multimedia speaker system. No price was announced. Hide Caption 10 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – CES attendees enjoy the EP MA70 full-body heated massage chair by Panasonic. The chair sells for about $7,000. Hide Caption 11 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – The Shell Shoxx system by Earthquake Sound Corp. creates synced vibrations in any chair to enhance your enjoyment of playing video games. It retails for about $350. Hide Caption 12 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Wavien shows off its latest super-bright flashlight, the upgraded Night Navigator. It sells for $499. Hide Caption 13 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Sound Logic makes this rubber wireless speaker cone that connects via Bluetooth. Hide Caption 14 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – No more annoying waiters! Moneual makes this interactive restaurant tabletop, called Touch Table PC, which would enable customers to browse menus, order food and pay directly from the table. Hide Caption 15 of 17
Photos: Photos: New gadgets unveiled at CES New gadgets unveiled at CES – Radocubo, a low-tech but stylish AM/FM radio, features an original design from Italy that has been displayed in modern art museums. The radio, made by Brionvega, is so far sold only in Europe and China. Hide Caption 16 of 17
PITTSBURGH -- Steelers linebacker James Harrison was fined $25,000 on Tuesday for his penalized hit on Bills quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick.
Harrison has four fines this season totaling $125,000.
Harrison drew a roughing-the-passer penalty for hitting Fitzpatrick helmet-first during Pittsburgh's 19-16 overtime victory Sunday.
"James Harrison was fined $25,000 for roughing the passer, specifically he made helmet contact to the chest of the Buffalo quarterback, who was in a defenseless position at the time the contact was made," the NFL said in an e-mail Tuesday to The Associated Press.
After the game, the three-time Pro Bowl linebacker said the play didn't warrant a fine. He compared it to his Nov. 21 roughing-the-passer penalty against Raiders quarterback Jason Campbell that did not draw a fine.
"I'm not expecting a fine," Harrison said. "It's the exact thing as last week. It was the same exact hit. I hit him [Fitzpatrick] the same way I did the quarterback from Oakland and I got the same flag but I didn't get a fine. ... I'm expecting the same thing on this."
Harrison previously was fined $75,000 for a helmet hit on Browns wide receiver Mohamed Massaquoi, $20,000 for a helmet-to-the-back hit on Saints quarterback Drew Brees and $5,000 for a hit on Titans quarterback Vince Young.
On Monday, the league rejected Harrison's appeals of the $75,000 and $20,000 fines, although the Steelers supported Harrison's appeal.
When Finance Minister Arun Jaitley introduced controversial last-minute amendments to the Finance Bill in the Lok Sabha on March 22, Biju Janata Dal member of Parliament Tatagatha Satpathy was one of the few to immediately oppose them. The amendments, including provisions that make political funding more opaque and Aadhaar mandatory for income tax returns, were mostly drowned out by coverage of the appointment of Uttar Pradesh's new chief minister, Adityanath. But a few parliamentarians have continued to speak up about the Bharatiya Janata Party's legislative tactics and what that means for Parliament as an institution. Excerpts from an interview with Satpathy, who is party whip for the Biju Janata Dal in the Lok Sabha:
What do you make of the last-minute Finance Bill amendments?
The amendments came in at that time while the discussion on the bill was about to begin. There was no warning. The excuse given was that the sections of the ministry that produced these provisions, they had worked overnight and presented them on Friday. But they could have worked on them and presented them over the weekend. Or on Monday. And there was nothing in it that needed urgent last-minute rectification.
Do you think the government felt empowered by their big victory in Uttar Pradesh?
I think so, yes. They wanted it to be insidious. They didn't want people to know and discuss and discover.
Have you seen the Finance Bill treated like this before in Parliament?
Not in the last three Lok Sabhas that I have been a part of. Even in this Lok Sabha, the last two times the Budget was presented, they didn't do this. Only now.
Does it indicate a shift in Parliament?
Yes, I think it indicates a shift in the style of functioning. Bringing a bill in at the last moment, getting it passed in the House, making sure people don't discover what it contains, and once the laws are in place, they can be used any time required. It's like 66A (the section of the Information Technology Act, 2000 dealing with “offensive”, “menacing” and “false” information sent through a communication device), which was passed in some six minutes. Like that, people don't realise while passing them.
Like the Collection of Statistics (Amendment) Bill, 2017, which I opposed. That's also just a small little change here or there, and mostly it will go unnoticed.
The Congress side is unwilling to oppose this because the Congress ego is completely smashed. And, since these are mostly projects or schemes that were started by the Congress, they have no moral right now to oppose them. So that keeps them quiet.
The BJP speakers, whoever participates, say what their party has written out for them or guided them to say. So they are all gung-ho about the government. So, with both major parties gone, it is left to the India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, Trinamool Congress and Biju Janata Dal. And after the Biju Janata Party, it is the Telugu Desam Party and Shiv Sena, which usually support the BJP, and the Telangana Rashtra Samithi, which is neither here nor there, and YRS Congress, which is here and there.
Do you think others in the Lok Sabha even fully understand what had happened?
I doubt it. I don't think people really got it, before it [Finance Bill] was passed.
What do you make of the political funding changes, removing caps and disclosures on corporate funding?
Now, everything becomes incognito. You are not liable to give your name, whom you funded. You can just write political funding. There might be many companies that will write political funding and take out 30% of the money, and not have to show whom they've paid, and the owners can even cheat in the name of political funding. That also opens up an opportunity. Because there is no limit that a company making this much profit or more can alone donate. Anybody can donate.
And what about making Aadhaar mandatory for income tax returns? This came up in the Supreme Court soon after.
The Supreme Court has only been giving out opinions, they haven't been giving rulings. So these people are just going ahead steamrollering. The Supreme Court, if it has something to say, should either give a judgment or shut up.
There is no point in just giving wise opinions, who wants their wise opinions? There's no point in being wise. They are on the right track, their understanding is correct. But their actions don't display that sincerity.
Where do you see Aadhaar going from here?
The concept of privacy doesn't exist with us Indians in the Western sense. What is the word for privacy in Tamil? In Hindi? In Konkani? In Oriya also, I don't know. The word doesn't exist. There is secrecy, not privacy. There is solitude. There is no concept of privacy here. So that is what they are cashing in on. The few Indian languages I know, I have not been able to trace a word that signifies or denotes the English word privacy.
That just goes to show that in our culture, this does not exist. Not in a country where Draupadi was treated the way she was, or Sita's situation was discussed.
Does that mean the fight against Aadhaar is a lost cause?
We are in the 21st century. If you go to a metro city like Mumbai or even Kolkata... [there are] small rooms, small apartments, whole families living there, so for married couples to have a private moment, they have to go out to a park or railway station or elsewhere.
And now, with the present system creating these anti-Romeo gangs, that too is gone. So you are actually pushing people into a very basic naked stage. Finally, those couples will have to make love in front of their parents. Because they have no alternative. If they go out, what will they do? Carry their marriage certificate? First they will get beaten, then they will show their marriage certificate, and if it has started in Bengaluru and Uttar Pradesh, I don't see… in the near future, it will happen all over.
Unless people become conscious. It's all interconnected, our social mores, sense of privacy, political leanings, everything is getting intertwined. And they want that.
“You're wearing clothes? There's a soldier dying at the border. Take your clothes off.” It may sound like a joke to us, but that's where it is all going. A soldier is doing a job, and the job is a paid-for job. The taxpayer is paying for it. And it's a voluntary Army. We do not have conscription in this Army.
Do you have an Aadhaar number?
I don't have Aadhaar till now. I don't know how I will file returns. Eventually, I think I will have to get Aadhaar. I'm entering a cul-de-sac.
The way AJ has behaved, I am sadly admitting I'll be screwed.
- TS. https://t.co/jrgJcVFlws — Office of T Satpathy (@SatpathyLive) March 23, 2017
Searching this shows scary data. I'd rather die than be biometricked into #Aadhaar.
- TS pic.twitter.com/j2mdDgWMM2 — Office of T Satpathy (@SatpathyLive) March 23, 2017
I don't see the Supreme Court being sincere in its purpose. As for the old adage that the law will take its own course – the statute books are not living objects, they are dead; the law will not take its own course. The law has to be made living through the people who implement it. The judiciary is not moving, so, therefore, the law is dead in this country.
Isn't law also the responsiblity of parliamentarians?
What can we do? We have introduced the Right to Protection of Speech and Reputation Bill (to decriminalise defamation). Do you really think it will ever see the light of day? The moment people hear of the speech bill, they ask what it is about. I say it's freedom of speech while striking down criminality. Their response: “Does that mean jo chahega wo bolega [people will say whatever they wish to]?” That's always the first reaction. “How can you do that?” “Hindustan mein Pakistan zindabad bolega [in India, people will say long live Pakistan]?”. But why would anyone say that? Our bill, the understanding is that you will also be responsible. It's not to make citizens irresponsible. It is there to trust the citizens.
What do you make of the government's money bill approach?
I think money bills should also go to the Rajya Sabha. Should be a balancing factor. Especially in times when a brute majority turns brutal.
Are they devaluing the institution of Parliament?
They have destroyed it. They're not devaluing it, they're destroying Parliament with the sole intention being that since we can't do away with it altogether, we will make sure that it is as mechanical as possible.
These are bleak times. And they will get bleaker.
And what about the Opposition's role?
The Congress is done for. Nobody's interested, nobody comes forward. Without the Gandhis, they feel like it's an anath ashram (orphanage). They probably, individually, don't think they can get re-elected and come back. Look, I may lose next time, let's be honest, but I'm going to put up a fight. Winning, losing, I can't tell you now but I'm going to put up a fight. Because my party has the wherewithal, I'm not just talking about money, I'm talking about the base network, we can put up a fight in Odisha.
But these people don't feel that. They feel they will lose Karnataka, like Assam, for which they had a lot of hope, went very easily. They are blaming themselves. Once you start feeling acrimonious within the organisation, then it can only dissolve into itself. That has probably set in. See, I don't know internal workings... but what I see as an outsider.
There's no leadership in the party. Except Mallikarjun Kharge, nobody even sits (in Parliament) regularly.
You tweeted that the BJP is trying to break apart the Biju Janata Dal too?
They won't succeed. We've put a spanner in their works.
They want to take away @bjd_odisha's party name & symbol. Rumors afloat that only one MP will swing this deal for them. Ha!
- TS
2/1 — Office of T Satpathy (@SatpathyLive) March 27, 2017
What about the tweet from Biju Janata Dal MP Baijayant Jay Panda (whom the press presumed Satpathy was referring to)?
😉 In Central Hall today, "a rose between two thorns." A pat on the back to millennials who can say who said that in history without Googling pic.twitter.com/S2W1HlKJ10 — Baijayant Jay Panda (@PandaJay) March 28, 2017
I tried to be civil in Parliament and if colleagues come up and take pictures, I can't stop them… But I like that people want my selfies now. I feel like I've arrived. And I'm nobody. I'm like some guy who has some belief, he's nuts. He's not into big business, nobody knows him. Mukesh Ambani won't recognise me in a crowd.
Saw some selfies from Central Hall. I'm civil. Don't feel like stopping colleagues from tweeting them.
-TS
1/1 — Office of T Satpathy (@SatpathyLive) March 28, 2017
Anno Online, Blue Byte's free-to-play strategy sim, has gone into open beta for English speakers.
The persistent, web-based game will also be updated next week with a new clan and multiplayer features.
With the launch of the new beta, players which participated in the closed beta won't have their accounts wiped and active users will automatically receive a deco statue for their previous participation.
Players who continue to play the game during the first week of the open beta will also be rewarded with an exclusive in-game item: a premium ship.
This boat users to carry more freight and is faster than usual ones. You can have a look at the statue and boat gifts below along with a couple other shots.
Sign up for the open beta and register an account through the official website.
KEVIN Rudd has left the door open to being drafted as Labor leader at a later date as he heads for defeat and the backbench in today's caucus ballot.
A key Rudd backer said if Julia Gillard won today's ballot, the party could be looking for another leader within months unless her standing with voters improved.
Mr Rudd would not rule out being drafted, saying only that he would not force a challenge.
Read Next
“I would not initiate a further challenge against Julia,” he told Seven's Sunrise program.
As Tony Abbott renewed his call for an early election, Rudd supporter Doug Cameron said even a resounding win for the Prime Minister in this morning's spill might not be the end of the matter.
“If Julia Gillard wins today and we end up in the same position as we are now, in terms of the polls, in several months' time, then my view is the same people who installed Julia Gillard will be looking for a candidate to replace Julia Gillard,” he told ABC Radio.
Under those circumstances, he said Mr Rudd would be the party's only option.
But cabinet minister Chris Bowen, a declared Rudd supporter, said the ballot was Mr Rudd's last chance to win back the Labor leadership.
“Today settles it,” he told the Seven Network. “We choose a leader today and that leader takes us to the next election.”
Mr Bowen said he was prepared to serve again in a Gillard cabinet should she win the ballot.
Ms Gillard is on course to retain the Labor leadership, and with it the prime ministership, attracting at least 67 votes in the 103-member caucus.
The Opposition Leader said Labor was holding the nation hostage while its inner turmoil was played out in public.
“No-one would say that what we've got is anything other than a disaster for our country, which has been poisoned by this government and the poison inside it,” Mr Abbott told Seven's Sunrise.
“We've got to get right away from this kind of chronically-terminal, dysfunctional and divided government, and the only way to do that is to go to the Coalition.”
Speaking before the ballot this morning, Mr Rudd said the politics of Canberra was “toxic” and “disconnected” from the rest of Australia.
“There's all these people out there trying to pay their bills, worrying about how they pay their mortgage. All these good folk out there - that's one Australia,” Mr Rudd said.
“Then there's the other Australia and that's here and it exists in a 1km circus. This Australia is disconnected, it's toxic and frankly being in Canberra doesn't help.”
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy acknowledged Mr Rudd was popular with the general public but said the same applied to Kylie Minogue.
“So let's stop with the popularity contest, this country needs strong leadership,” he told Sky News.
Human Services Minister Brendan O'Connor said it was critical Ms Gillard get clear air after the leadership ballot.
“This morning is an opportunity for that to happen and I believe it will happen,” he told the Seven Network.
“We need to unite, we need to focus on Tony Abbott.”
Labor backbencher Kelvin Thomson, previously in the undecided camp, said he was now backing Ms Gillard.
“I know our situation is not terminal,” he said.
Environment Minister Tony Burke maintains he won't serve in a Rudd cabinet.
“I just think you've got to back your own judgment on these things,” he told the Seven Network.
“I'd certainly want the government to succeed, if that happened, but there is no way that I would be going back on what we agreed on.”
South Australian Labor MP Nick Champion, who last week publicly backed Mr Rudd, said he still believed the former leader had a “fighting chance”.
But he confessed he was not looking forward to today's ballot.
“I think there's some trepidation about these events,” Mr Champion told The Australian Online.
“They are obviously dramatic events in the life of the nation and the party and we've just got to get on with it and accept the result.”
Mr Champion said if Ms Gillard claimed victory in today's showdown he would remain loyal to her and the party.
Workplace Relations Minister Bill Shorten predicted Ms Gillard would win a majority in today's ballot and continue to implement Labor's policy agenda.
“The reason why I think this is the end of it is that she is the best person to lead Labor. She's strong, she is tough, she's in it for the right reasons,” he told 3AW.
Amid claims caucus members would be forced to “show and tell” their vote in today's secret ballot, Mr Shorten insisted Labor MPs were not “robots waiting for instructions from sort of mothership”.
Video: Rahul Gandhi was caught with drugs in the USA, says Subramanian Swamy
India
oi-Mukul
New Delhi, June 20: BJP leader Subramanian Swamy, who is known for giving shocking and controversial statements has done it yet again.
Swamy has said that Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi was caught with 1.60 lakh dollar and white powder by US police in 2001.
Read more: Gandhi, Nehru saw Netaji as threat to their positions: Subramanian Swamy
BJP leader has given this statement while defending embattled Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, who is embroiled in the 'Lalitgate' controversy.
According to a report in Hindi daily, Swamy who had come at Jodhpur court for defending Asaram Bapu said that Raje didn't do anything wrong in Lalit Modi controversy. "To help someone in getting Indian passport doesn't fall in the category of any crime", furious Swamy said.
Supporting Raje, peeved Swamy said that when Rahul Gandhi was caught by US police, Sonia Gandhi had called up then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee.
It was Vajpayee who then rang up American President Jorge Bush and got Rahul Gandhi released.
Swamy who reportedly had reiterated this statement many a time in the past may face flak from the Opposition.
Earlier, Swamy termed Vasundhara Raje 'Jhansi ki Rani', who is "capable of sailing through any controversy on her own".
On asking about why party leaders left her to fend for herself, Swamy said, "She is capable of protecting herself very well. She does not need the support of any party cadre. "What Raje did was just a small favour to an old friend on humanitarian ground, which was not a crime".
OneIndia News
Share Pinterest
Email
It is no secret that Ferrari is one of the most powerful teams in Formula One. It is the only team that has been competing in F1 continuously since the championship was launched in 1950, and it is richly rewarded for doing so. The precise extent of Ferrari's power remains to be seen, but its sometimes-fractious relationship with F1's governing body, the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile, has shed new light on it.
At the heart of Ferrari's influence is a veto, which is understood to allow the team to block changes to F1's technical and sporting regulations, as well as the introduction of new terms. However, it has come to light that the FIA has said this veto only applies to changes to the regulations that would require Ferrari to alter its car. It is a crucial caveat.
Ferrari's benefits for being F1's longest-standing team were considered to be the stuff of sporting legend until 2012, when written evidence of them was uncovered in the prospectus for the planned flotation of F1 on the Singapore stock market. The flotation stalled due to the financial crisis just weeks before it was due to take place that year, but the prospectus had already been produced. It itemized the key terms at the heart of F1, including Ferrari's perks. Perhaps the most valuable ones are financial.
F1's prize fund comprises 65 percent of the sport's underlying profits, and it is divided among the top 10 teams. Last year, they shared $863.1 million in prize money but several get more than others, and Ferrari is one of them.
Ferrari is one of three that shares in what is known as the Constructors Championship bonus fund. This comes to at least $100 million annually and is open to the top three teams based on the number of races won in the four seasons prior to 2012. It gives Ferrari a minimum of $30 million annually, but it doesn't stop there -- the team also gets 5 percent of F1's profits all to itself. This comes to at least $62.2 million every year, bringing Ferrari's guaranteed prize money to nearly $100 million before a single race begins.
Win or lose on the track, Ferrari is a force to be reckoned with in Formula One. Photo by LAT PHOTOGRAPHIC
Ferrari also wields considerable influence in F1 through having a seat on the board of the sport's parent company, Delta Topco, and options on a 0.25 percent stake in it. Ferrari even has the right of first refusal to supply cars for F1's support series if the Porsche Supercup ever vacates this place.
Most controversially, the prospectus revealed that “in respect of Ferrari only, Ferrari may terminate if the regulatory safeguards agreed between the FIA and Ferrari do not allow Ferrari to veto any change to the regulations already announced or introduced (subject to certain exceptions).” The veto had long been the subject of speculation, but it is now talked about openly.
In October, the FIA distributed a press release revealing that it had agreed with F1's commercial rights holder, Formula One Management, to set a limit on the price of customer engines and gear boxes supplied to third-party teams. The engines alone cost around $20 million annually, but the FIA and FOM's boss Bernie Ecclestone wanted to reduce the price to around $13 million. The current high price fueled the collapse of Caterham and Marussia last year, with Renault and Ferrari respectively being two of their largest creditors.
The decision to cap engine costs was taken by the Strategy Group which is formed from the FIA, FOM and six leading teams. They all have equal votes, and according to the press release, the cap was “put to the vote and adopted with a large majority.”
It reflects recent comments from Ecclestone, who said that as a result of the dominance of Ferrari and Mercedes, “we need an independent engine supplier. I've been on about this now for a year and a half.”
However, although the Strategy Group voted in favor of a cap on the engine price, Ferrari didn't let it call the shots. The FIA's press release added that “Ferrari SpA decided to go against this and exercise the right of veto long recognised under agreements governing F1.”
According to the press release, “in the interest of the championship, the FIA has decided not to legally challenge Ferrari SpA's use of its right of veto.” Instead, the FIA agreed to work with F1's manufacturers -- Ferrari, Mercedes and Renault -- to come up with ways by Jan. 15 to reduce the cost of engines.
However, Ferrari has already put up resistance to this. Speaking on Monday at Ferrari's traditional pre-Christmas press briefing, its president Sergio Marchionne said the company would rather walk away from F1 than face rules it did not like.
"We go to the track to prove to ourselves and to everyone our ability to manage the power unit. If we begin to undermine this advantage, Ferrari has no intention of racing," he said. "I understand very well the difficulties that smaller teams face, but this is something that FOM has to solve; it is not something Ferrari has to solve."
It appears that the Italian outfit objects to the FIA's moves to push through a reduction in engine costs, which would thereby increase competition from F1's minnows, even though it has already vetoed the price cap. This isn't Ferrari's only objection.
Earlier this month, the FIA's decision-making body, the World Motor Sport Council, also voted in favor of giving Ecclestone and FIA president Jean Todt a mandate that will grant them additional power "to make recommendations and decisions regarding a number of pressing issues in Formula One, such as governance, engines and cost reduction."
In the wake of this, Ecclestone told the BBC that Ferrari had written a legal letter to the FIA arguing that the mandate contravenes its contracts with the teams, though he added that he is not concerned. "The only thing we could do is to ignore what Ferrari have said and carry on with it and say: 'You've got a choice -- you can leave or go to arbitration and see what the arbitrators think.' I think if we went to arbitration, we'd win easy." The reason for this may relate to the statement in the FIA's October press release about the possibility of challlenging Ferrari's veto. It isn't the first time the FIA has raised this matter.
In 2009 it was locked in a bitter dispute with Ferrari about another cap -- this time, a $60 million limit on team budgets, which was due to be introduced in 2010. The cap was contained in regulations approved by the World Motor Sport Council, on April 29, 2009, despite Ferrari voting against it as it wanted a free-reign on spending. Accordingly Ferrari's lawyer Henry Peter wrote to Pierre de Coninck, the FIA's then secretary general for sport, on May 12, 2009, to exercise its veto. However, de Coninck replied the following day stating that Ferrari's veto “could only be said to apply to changes to the Sporting or Technical Regulations which would require Ferrari to alter its car.”
This explains why the FIA believed Ferrari had no right to veto the budget cap regulations. It may also explain why the FIA mentioned in its October press release the possibility of legally challenging Ferrari's veto. That said, the FIA eventually gave up in its dispute with Ferrari in 2009 as the budget cap was dropped after eight teams threatened to leave F1 and start their own series.
Ferrari's veto was formally granted to it by the FIA in a letter dated Jan. 17, 2005. It is understood that Ferrari founder Enzo Ferrari first requested the veto when his team was powered by a V12 engine despite V10s dominating the field. Ferrari asked for a right to block changes to prevent its engine from being banned and the rest is history.
FIA president, and former Ferrari team principal Todt recently explained the part that Enzo himself played in this.
“Enzo Ferrari was the founder, and he was very isolated in Maranello compared to all the British teams. He was alone and you will remember, in the 1980s, Ferrari was the only full car manufacturer of engine and chassis.
“And he was facing private teams, like Williams, Lotus, McLaren and Brabham that were all using the same engine. If I remember it was a Ford Cosworth engine. So he got that (veto) in his discussions to implement.”
The veto is now enshrined in the agreement which FOM and the FIA signed on July 22, 2013, committing them to new commercial terms. This reportedly confirms that Ferrari has a right of veto “in respect of the introduction/modification of any technical or sporting regulations (except for safety requirements).”
The veto can only be used if “Ferrari reasonably considers that the new regulations are likely to have a substantial impact on its legitimate interest.” In addition, the exercise of the right of veto must not be “prejudicial to the traditional values of the Championship and/or the image of the FIA.”
Interestingly, in de Coninck's reply of May 13, 2009, he accused Ferrari of breaking the teams' commitment under F1's commercial agreements to “do nothing prejudicial to the image and dignity of Formula One as a high class sport.” De Coninck said, “we fail to see how Ferrari's repeated threats to leave the championship could be said to comply with these terms.”
It is interesting because, since then, a number of teams have threatened to withdraw from F1 but the FIA has not taken action against them, so it remains to be seen whether its claim would hold water. The FIA often has to drive a fine line between upholding the regulations and acting in the best interests of F1. If it didn't, the landscape of the sport might be very different.
If you feel you've seen lists that slice and dice the books of 2013 in every way imaginable, then you haven't visited the music and literature blog Largehearted Boy. David Gutowski, the man behind the site, aggregates year-end books coverage. With a full two weeks left in the year, his list of lists had 834 entries.
Here you will find the winners of the Top Idaho Author and Book Awards, gardening books recommended by Waco Today and the 50 best children's books as selected by the New Zealand Listener; the year's best Jewish, Irish and gluten-free cookbooks; the cream of the crop, with the crop being Australian short stories, Scottish sports books and, of course, books set on the High Plains.
“A handful of the lists are sent my way via email or social media,” Gutowski told me in an email interview, “but most are harvested through my exhaustive RSS feed reading and carefully tuned search strings. My goal is to be as inclusive as possible, and I have yet to not include a list.”
The website PolicyMic named its “20 Best Books for Every Kind of 20-Something,” though its idea of the demographic is stuck in 1992. It suggests Karen Russell's “Vampires in the Lemon Grove” for your “wannabe hipster” friend, the one who's “got the funky glasses and the punky half-shaved hairdo, the combat boots, and the tattered plaid shirt.” As for vampires outside the lemon grove, the Vampire Book Club's 10 best include “Fifth Grave Past the Light,” by Darynda Jones, and “Biting Bad,” by Chloe Neill. The one universal element among all lists is dissent. “Kind of surprised J. R. Ward's ‘Lover at Last' didn't make your top 10,” one commenter wrote of the vampire choices, “but I agree with about six of those you have picked.”
Ricardo Jerome "Ricky" Bordallo (; December 11, 1927 – January 31, 1990) was a Guamanian politician, businessman, and member of the Democratic Party of Guam. He served as Governor of Guam from 1975 to 1979 and again from 1983 to 1987.
Early life [ edit ]
Bordallo was born in Hagåtña, Guam. He was the son of Baltazar Jeronimo Bordallo (August 8, 1900 – May 1984) as a businessman, who died when his father was 83, and his mother Josefina Torres Pangelinan. He was the first child of a family including his brother Paul Joseph Bordallo (1930–2007), who was a former senator. BJ Bordallo was a popular politician from the 1930s to 1950s. Ricardo Bordallo attended the University of San Francisco before returning to Guam and becoming a successful businessman and car dealer. Among other positions, he was the proprietor of "Ricky's Suburban Club," a restaurant and bar in Tamuning, Guam. Bordallo also established "Ricky's Auto Company" in the mid 50's which became Toyota's first American car dealer.
Personal life [ edit ]
He was married to Madeleine Zeien Bordallo in 1953; together they have one daughter Deborah, and one grandchild, Nicole Nelson. Bordallo's widow was an unsuccessful candidate for governor in 1990, and served as Lieutenant Governor of Guam from 1995 to 2003, and as the island's Delegate to the United States House of Representatives from 2003 until losing renomination in the 2018 election.
Political career [ edit ]
Senator of the Guam Legislature [ edit ]
Bordallo was first elected to the Guam Legislature in 1956 as a member of the Popular Party (predecessor to the Democratic Party of Guam). Bordallo served in the territorial legislature from 1956 to 1970, and twice served as Chairman of the Democratic Party of Guam. As a senator, he introduced the law that first created an unofficial Guam delegate to the U.S. Congress.
Bordallo-Taitano Gubernatorial Ticket (1970) [ edit ]
Bordallo first ran for governor in the 1970 election, which was the first election in which the people of Guam were allowed to elect their governor. He ran with Senator Richard "Dick" Taitano against two other former gubernatorial teams: Former governor Manuel Guerrero and running mate Dr. Antonio C. (Tony) Yamashita, as well as attorney and former speaker Joaquin Camacho Arriola and running mate Vicente Bamba, retired judge and popular former senator. Bordallo-Taitano came in first in the primary election by a close margin over Guerrero-Yamashita, and then won the run-off election. However, due to the contentious Democratic campaign, Bordallo-Taitano lost in the general election to the Republican team of incumbents Carlos G. Camacho and Kurt S. Moylan. The election was significant for Bordallo, however, as he and Dick Taitano created Guam's first "grassroots" political organization throughout the villages.
Governorship (1975–1979) [ edit ]
Bordallo-Sablan Gubernatorial Ticket (1974) [ edit ]
Bordallo's wife, Madeleine, also proved to be a passionate and untiring campaigner and helped draw many supporters to the organization. This organization and base of supporters would prove valuable when Bordallo ran again in the 1974 election. Madeleine Bordallo was most known for her humanitarian pursuits. She sponsored many civil cultural events including the Guam Symphony and a program for instructing children in the Suzuki method of violin.
Bordallo ran for governor for a second time in 1974, this time with Rudolph "Rudy" Guerrero Sablan. They were up against four other Democratic tickets: Manuel Guerrero and running mate David D.L. Flores; Pedro C. Sanchez and Esteban U. Torres; and Joaquin Arriola and Theodore "Ted" Nelson. Dick Taitano was the manager of the Bordallo-Sablan campaign and broadened the organization he had set up in 1970. This organization proved decisive, and Bordallo-Sablan easily beat the other Democratic teams.
Bordallo-Sablan then went on to beat the Camacho-Moylan team, which had just barely beat the Republican rival team of Paul Calvo and Antonio Palomo in the primary. Calvo ran as a write-in candidate in the general election, drawing support from Camacho-Moylan, and Bordallo-Sablan won by less than 600 of the 22,000-plus votes.
First term 1975–79 [ edit ]
Bordallo's first term in office, from 1975–1979, was contentious. He was characterized as highly charismatic but highly controversial. Someone wasn't afraid to speak his mind on any issue.[citation needed] During this time the issue of independence, statehood, commonwealth status or continuation as a U.S. territory was put to the voters. Senator Paul Bordallo, his brother, favored independence. The voters elected to keep the status quo as a dependent territory. Bordallo was successful in securing $367 million for typhoon reconstruction, capital improvement project and Government of Guam investments. A new was secured at the Guam Memorial Hospital.
Bordallo-Sanchez Gubernatorial Ticket (1978) [ edit ]
In 1978, Bordallo ran for re-election with a former University of Guam president Dr. Pedro C. Sanchez as his running mate for lieutenant governor. Lieutenant Governor Sablan declared his candidacy for the gubernatorial election and was a candidate in the September 1978 Democratic primary, along with his running mate for Lt. Governor was Attorney Jose Iglesias Leon Guerrero. Bordallo won the Democratic primary and defeated the Sablan-Leon Guerrero campaign with more votes. However, Bordallo lost to the Republican Calvo-Ada team in the gubernatorial general election.
Governorship (1983–1987) [ edit ]
Bordallo-Reyes Gubernatorial Ticket (1982) [ edit ]
Bordallo ran for a third time political arena in 1982 with a political unknown, Air Force Colonel Eddie Reyes, as his running mate. He beat out Democrats Carl Gutierrez and John P. Aguon for the Democratic nomination and won office yet again. Promising to guide Guam out of the recession and push for commonwealth status, the Bordallo/Reyes ticket defeated incumbent Governor Calvo in the 1982 elections.
Second term 1983–87 [ edit ]
Bordallo's second term in office, from 1983–1987. During his second term, Bordallo chaired the Commission for Self-Determination and spearheaded the drafting of the Guam Commonwealth Act developed by June 4, 1986. He addressed Guam's education problems with his 1983 "Blueprint for Excellence" and worked on the accreditation status of the University of Guam. He went to Washington D.C. on January 20, 1985 with congressman Ben Blaz at the Officers Club, and Andrews Air Force Base.
Bordallo-Reyes Gubernatorial Ticket (1986) [ edit ]
Bordallo sought re-election with Lt. Gov Edward D. Reyes as his running mate. The ticket won the Democratic nomination when they defeated by Senator Gutierrez and Senator John P. Aguon in the primary election. Bordallo lost the general election to former Lieutenant Governor Ada and Senator Frank F. Blas in the general election.
Criminal conviction [ edit ]
In February 1987, Bordallo was convicted on ten counts of corruption and was sentenced to nine years in prison and fined more than $100,000. He was accused of receiving over $100,000 worth of bribes and extortion in connection with favors he performed in office for campaign contributions. His convictions on eight counts of bribery and extortion were overturned in August, 1988, leaving charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering. On December 13, 1989, he was sentenced to four years in prison on the remaining charges.[1]
Suicide [ edit ]
After his failed appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, Bordallo faced a four-year sentence in a federal minimum-security prison beginning on February 1, 1990. Three hours before he was scheduled to be transferred to a prison in Boron, California on January 31, 1990, the former Governor committed suicide in Hagåtña by wrapping himself in a Guam flag, chaining himself to statue of Chief Kepuha (also Quipuha, Guam's first native chief to convert to Roman Catholicism) located along Marine Corps Drive (the island's primary thoroughfare), and shooting himself in the head with a .38 caliber pistol. He had also set up four placards around the monument, one of which said: "I regret that I only have one life to give to my island," which paraphrased the famous last words of Nathan Hale.
Bordallo died of massive brain damage at 4:28 P.M. at Naval Hospital, aged 62. He was buried at Pigo Cemetery in western Hagåtña.
Honors [ edit ]
ADELUP, Guam (November 11, 2011) Dignitaries release "Freedom Birds" during a Veterans Day ceremony at the Ricardo J. Bordallo Governor's Complex. (U.S. Navy photo by JoAnna Delfin/Released)
In January, 1997, the administration facility was officially named as Ricardo J. Bordallo Governor's Complex in his honor.
References [ edit ]
LAKELAND, Fla. (AP) — A 53-year-old woman riding a horse down a busy Florida highway has been arrested and charged with driving drunk.
Polk County Sheriff's officials said in a news release that someone called 911 about a woman, who appeared confused and possibly in danger. When deputies arrived they found Donna Byrne riding her horse in the road.
Officers did a sobriety test and said she gave breath samples that registered blood alcohol level of .161 — much higher than Florida's legal limit of .08.
Byrne is charged with DUI and animal neglect for endangering and failing to provide proper protection for the horse.
Deputies took the horse to the Polk County Sheriff's Animal Control livestock facility. She was booked into the Polk County Jail. It's unclear whether she retained an attorney.
One of the largest labor unions in the country has partnered with a pro-immigration group in a new ad campaign that slams Republican presidential candidates who continue to promote anti-immigrant rhetoric.
Starting on Thursday, the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) and iAmerica Action are releasing a national television advertising campaign that denounces 2016 GOP hopefuls for using "hateful" rhetoric on the campaign trail, reports USA Today.
The six-figure ad buy will run in Spanish on Univision and Telemundo from Thursday to Sunday, and during the Latin Grammy Awards on Thursday night, reports The New York Times. The ads will also air in Nevada, Florida, Colorado and Texas, while the English version of the ad has been uploaded to YouTube.
"We will not accept hate," a voiceover says in the ad. "We will not allow anti-immigrant attacks. We will not support the status quo. Because if they win, we lose."
The ad specifically targets GOP contenders Donald Trump, Florida Sen. Marco Rubio, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush and Texas Sen. Ted Cruz, who have all promised to end the president's executive orders on immigration if they succeed in winning the White House next year.
"These candidates may be different, but their messages are all the same," the narrator says, after clips of Rubio, Cruz, Bush and Trump are played. "We will not accept hate. We will not allow anti-immigrant attacks."
The ad was released on the anniversary of President Barack Obama's executive actions, which aim to protect up to 5 million undocumented residents from deportation and allow them to work in the country legally. However, Republican leaders have turned to the courts to stop the orders from taking effect.
"We won't forget; in fact, we will remind them that we are more than 30 million eligible Latinos and (American Asian Pacific Islanders) voters in 2016," said Rocio Saenz, executive vice president of SEIU International and president of iAmerica Action. "That's not a swing vote, that's a warning."
Watch the ads below.
Dude going wild in an impressive manner!For those interested, some background info provided by fellow LL-er e4bannan:I've been following this guy for a couple of days now. When this vid was discovered he got 50000 or so views in one day. It is a dance for a special lady friend of his from Australia. Apparently some YT-ers went to her page and started ragging on her. She went ballistic and so Jason here deleted the all his vids and has gone into hiding. At first it was funny then it became kind of sad. He actually made a few new vids explaining he couldn't take the pressure then a few hours later he would delete those as well. You could tell he had been crying in those vids. Here's what's left of his channel: www.youtube.com/user/jaybury1970
Lorton's Workhouse Arts Center has apologized for asking an armed woman to leave the property at its annual fireworks show Sat., July 6.
The popular annual event was attended by over 2,500 visitors on Saturday, but the experience of one attendee led to a complaint and apology playing out on the Lorton Patch Facebook page.
See: Fireworks at the Workhouse Arts Center
Mount Vernon's Tess Ailshire was at the event with her husband and son. She was also openly carrying a Bersa 9mm.
"I got up to get a sno cone and went back to sit down," Ailshire told Patch. "I noticed that there was staff walking around like they were looking for someone. I joked with my husband that they were looking for me."
Ailshire was asked to leave the property.
"I just want them to tell me that it's not going to happen again, because it's county-funded, and because of state preemptive laws they can not prevent firearms out there," she said.
High-profile public shootings in recent years has elevated the debate over gun access. Virginia law allows individuals to carry handguns in public.
John Mason, President and CEO of the Workhouse, issued this apology on the Lorton Patch Facebook page:
"On behalf of the Lorton Arts Foundation, Inc., I am using this method (as I do not have access to the "open carry" forum) to extend our apologies for having inappropriately stated that weapons are not permitted on the Workhouse Arts Center campus. Our policy is to be consistent with Commonwealth of Virginia law, which under the circumstances would not have prohibited you from carrying a weapon last Saturday evening. Would appreciate your sharing this note with "open carry" forum so all interested understand that I have acknowledged a mistake."
Northern Virginia was also in the national spotlight on gun carrying rules in March. Prince William County Police Officers carrying guns were refused service at a Buffalo Wild Wings in Manassas because of the chain's rule against weapons. The restaurant manager later apologized for the incident.
Tell us in the comments what you think about gun laws in Virginia.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon spacecraft lift off from Space Launch Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in April 8, 2016 in Florida in this file photo. SpaceX will launch its next Dragon cargo mission for NASA from the pad on Dec. 11, 2017 using a reused Falcon 9 booster.
SpaceX is about to take a big step in its quest for full reusability.
The company's two-stage Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to launch a robotic Dragon capsule tomorrow (Dec. 12) on a resupply mission to the International Space Station (ISS) for NASA. The liftoff will be the second for this particular Dragon and Falcon 9 first stage, which launched on ISS cargo runs in April 2015 and June 2017, respectively.
"This is the beginning of rapid and reliable reusability," SpaceX's Dragon mission manager Jessica Jensen said during a prelaunch briefing today (Dec. 11). [Reusable Rocket Systems: How They Work (Infographic)]
"In the long run, reusability is going to significantly reduce the cost of access to space, and that's what's going to be required to send future generations to explore the universe," Jensen added. "We want to be able to send thousands of people into space, not just tens."
SpaceX has landed Falcon 9 first stages 19 times during orbital flights to date, and it has re-flown such boosters on three separate occasions. It has re-launched a used Dragon just the one time noted above. Tomorrow's launch will therefore be SpaceX's first reusability double-dip, with both booster and spacecraft.
NASA officials said they're not nervous about tomorrow's launch — well, not any more nervous than usual, anyway.
"Every time we launch a rocket, I'm anxious," said Kirk Shireman, NASA's ISS program manager. "It's still a dangerous business, so I will be anxious tomorrow."
But NASA has a lot of experience with used spacecraft, Shireman said, pointing to the agency's now-retired space shuttle orbiters. He also said NASA did "an extensive review" to assess the risk of using a pre-flown Falcon 9 first stage.
"We're very comfortable that the risk posture on this vehicle is not significantly greater than [on] a new booster," Shireman said. "We think of it as equivalent risk."
SpaceX's ultimate goal is total reusability, as the company's recently unveiled plans for its huge Mars rocket and spaceship make clear. But the Falcon 9's second stage remains expendable for now, and for the near future.
"That is not a priority right now," Jensen said of working to make the second stage reusable.
Tomorrow's Dragon launch is noteworthy in other respects as well. For example, the Dragon is loaded with lots of interesting science gear, including a privately owned machine designed to make optical fiber on orbit, a space-debris tracker and an instrument that will precisely measure the amount of solar energy reaching Earth.
In all, Dragon will tote about 4,800 lbs. (2,180 kilograms) of payload up to the orbiting lab.
Also, the liftoff will take place from the newly refurbished Launch Complex 40 at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The launch will be the first in more than a year from Pad 40, which was seriously damaged in September 2016 when a Falcon 9 exploded during a routine pre-flight test.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
But we don't have to go that far back to find a more proportionate response. In 1954, again at The Oval, between home and away Ashes' victories, Len Hutton, Reg Simpson, Peter May, Denis Compton, Tom Graveney, Godfrey Evans, Johnny Wardle, Frank Tyson, Jim McConnon, Brian Statham and Peter Loader were defeated by Pakistan for the first time, only seven years after the birth of that nation. Seven of that side are rightly considered among the thirty or so the greatest players ever to play for England but when they were bowled out by Fazal Mahmood for 130 and 143, did EW Swanton in The Daily Telegraph once raise the notion of ignominy? He did not, lamenting merely a lack of zest, a hope that “the match damps down the inflated notion many people seem to hold about the strength of English cricket” and benevolently noted “the result will do much good for the youngest cricketing country”.
The point is, as Swanton recognised, that every Test nation has to win some time. If Test cricket is to survive, a Bangladesh victory benefits the cause far more than an England win. It took South Africa 17 years to beat England, West Indies two, India 20, New Zealand 48, Sri Lanka 11 and Bangladesh 13. There may have been gnashing of teeth when the first five of those defeats happened but there is no evidence of much wailing. Though the most partisan among us hope England wins every time they play, most treasure the game itself even more than any tribal love for a particular team. We should not forget that both Tests in this series were absorbing, exciting matches. Anyone sitting through the thrilling eight days in Chittagong and Mirpur whose first emotion is chagrin at the blow to their honour really ought to give their head a shake.
Senator Ted Cruz, a Republican from Texas, speaks during the Iowa Freedom Summit in Des Moines, Iowa, U.S., on Saturday, Jan. 24, 2015. The talent show that is a presidential campaign began in earnest Saturday as more than 1,200 Republican activists, who probably will vote in Iowa's caucuses, packed into a historic Des Moines theater to see and hear from a parade of their party's prospective entries. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg via Getty Images
DES MOINES, Iowa -- Many topics animated GOP officials, activists and operatives that gathered at Saturday's Iowa Freedom Summit, which marked the unofficial start of the 2016 presidential primary.
But an issue that once faced vehement opposition within the party -- gay marriage -- remained conspicuously absent from the lips of many speakers who took the stage, demonstrating how dramatically politics around the issue has shifted in just a few years.
Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) denounced the president's executive actions on immigration and the Affordable Care Act as unconstitutional overreach. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich excoriated the State Department for failing to curb global terror. And Iowa's newest Republican senator, Joni Ernst, urged Washington to balance the budget, cut spending and lower taxes, all proposals that resonated with the audience. Yet most speakers steered away from social issues near and dear to many Iowa evangelicals.
The silence was even more acute among several potential Republican presidential contenders, who came to Iowa in hopes of winning over future caucus voters. Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, who once campaigned for a gay marriage ban, stuck to telling his personal story in a rousing speech that was warmly received at the summit. Texas Sen. Ted Cruz railed against "EPA locusts" and called for the abolishment of the IRS. Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry urged the administration to secure the border. Former Hewlett Packard CEO Carly Fiorina blasted Hillary Clinton and her record on Libya.
The first and only mention of gay marriage came near the end of the event, when Rep. Steve King (R-Iowa), the host of the summit, introduced New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie by noting that he vetoed a bill legalizing gay marriage.
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on whether same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry in April. A decision is expected in June, by which time the GOP presidential primary is expected to be in full swing as many candidates come off the sidelines. If the court does ultimately rule against gay marriage bans, Republican officials said, presidential contenders may gain additional support from conservatives going into the 2016 election.
"It might have an effect of pouring more energy into our base," Iowa GOP party chair Jeff Kaufmann told The Huffington Post. Kaufmann predicted that, in the long term, Republicans would seek judicial reform "in terms of amending the Constitution."
One influential voice among social conservatives, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, had a different view. He recently said that states can have the final say on gay marriage regardless of what the Supreme Court says, an argument hewing awfully close to the theory of nullification. He echoed those remarks again on Saturday.
“Nobody argues that [Abraham] Lincoln should have abided by Dred Scott," he said, in reference to the infamous 1857 Supreme Court decision that denied African-American slaves the right to sue for their freedom.
Newly elected Rep. Rod Blum (R-Iowa), who addressed the gathering earlier in the day, agreed that the matter was best left up to the states.
"Every state should have that vote and put it to their legislatures. I'm a will-of-the-people guy. I'm all for it, each state putting it to a vote of the people," he told the HuffPost.
Others, however, sounded more resigned.
Retired neurosurgeon and potential 2016 contender Ben Carson, who recently warned that the marriage equality movement would make it “open season on Christians," said that he didn't believe the fight was over. But he declined to endorse the notion that states could defy the courts out of what Carson called "civil disobedience."
"We are a country that abides by the law," he told reporters on Saturday.
Former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum, a hard-line opponent of gay marriage who is also considering a run for president, may best reflect where the party currently stands on the matter. Addressing the press following a speech that largely focused on blue-collar workers, Santorum complained he was being unfairly pestered about an issue he previously warned would be "suicidal" for the party to embrace.
Barbra Streisand revealed during an Australian TV interview that she will move Down Under if Donald Trump is elected President of the United States in November.
The 74-year-old actress, a lifelong Democrat who endorses Hilary Clinton in the US election, made the admission during an interview with 60 Minutes.
Barbra told Sydney-based journalist Michael Usher on Sunday she would consider relocating to Australia or Canada in the event of a Trump presidency.
Scroll down for video
Leaving the US? Barbra Streisand (R) revealed during an Australian TV interview that she will move Down Under if Donald Trump (L) is elected President of the United States in November
Barbra claimed she was 'astounded' by Trump's popularity and hopes his American supporters will 'come back to sanity'.
The Funny Girl star added: 'He has no facts. I don't know, I can't believe it. I'm either coming to your country, if you'll let me in, or Canada'.
Michael responded jovially that Barbra would be 'very welcome' to live in Australia.
'I'm either coming to your country, if you'll let me in, or Canada': The 74-year-old actress is a lifelong Democrat who endorses Hilary Clinton in the US election
Elsewhere during the interview, Barbra gave Michael a lesson on how to properly pronounce her surname.
'You said it with a Z,' she said, politely correcting him.
'Can you say "Barbra STREI-sand", not "Strei-SAND"? "STREI-sand"', she said with emphasis.
A warm welcome: Australian journalist Michael Usher responded jovially that Barbra would be 'very welcome' to live in Australia
'Barbra STREI-sand,' Michael responded.
'That's right. He's got it. My gosh, he's got it,' she says with a mock relief.
Meanwhile, Barbra is releasing her new album this month, including duets with Jamie Foxx, Hugh Jackman and Melissa McCarthy among others.
Share
Boiling water for drinking, cooking, and cleaning is a necessity in the backcountry but has traditionally required a fire, stove, or power outlet — until now. The Cauldryn Fyre innovates the outdoor experience with a battery-powered water bottle that allows you to bring water to a boil and also keeps your liquids heated all day long.
Number 6 Brands is a company devoted to bringing the most innovative outdoor products onto the market, engineered by experts in their corresponding fields. The Cauldryn Fyre was developed in order to improve the way that people operate in the wilderness.
The company offers two different product models, the Cauldryn Fyre and the Cauldron Fyre Mobile, both of which are capable of holding 16 ounces of fluid. The product is a modular design that includes a stainless steel vacuum insulated bottle with a lid and the original Fyre heating element. The difference? The Cauldryn Fyre Mobile features a rechargeable battery.
The Fyre heating element is a revolutionary high-capacity rechargeable battery that attaches to the bottle. It can deliver two boils from a single charge and has four different heat settings including hot, extra hot, brew, and boil, serving for a ton of different options. Whether you want to warm soup for eating, boil water for cooking, steep a cup of tea, or brew a cup of joe, the Cauldryn Fyre heating system is designed to meet your every need.
The Fyre heating element allows for contents to reach up to 212 degrees — hot enough to kill contaminants and provide for clean drinking water. The Fyre can also run directly from either an AC or DC power source, adding to the product's adaptability. This feature allows for the Cauldryn to use the included AC base or optional DC base to produce an unlimited boil, brew, high heat, or drink cycles.
Getting caught in unpredictable conditions is a certain possibility when you venture into the wilderness. Whether you're on a backpacking expedition, climbing a mountain, or going on a day hike, the ability to boil water is a necessity. Now you can leave your heavy stoves and fuel at home and boil water with the push of a button.
The Cauldryn will soon be live on Kickstarter before its debut at the Outdoor Retailer trade show in late July.
Doctor Who can be a heart-wrenching, stomach-churning mistress. Amidst the jokes, silliness, and Eleven's wide array of amusing hats, there is the constant possibility of tears. And I do mean constant.
10 Memorable Doctor Who Moments
It's a given that fans will be sad when their favorite companion or Doctor is scheduled to exit the show, and it's rare that their departure leaves the audience feeling warm and fuzzy. Death, broken hearts, parallel universes, and even memory loss are generally in the cards. However, Doctor Who also has the amazing ability to get us when we least expect it. Minor characters, some of whom only appear in a single episode, can capture our hearts immediately. Any misfortune that befalls them can sometimes make for some of the most heartbreaking scenes in the entire series. And that's what makes Doctor Who so special. It's also why there are simply too many cry-worthy moments to mention them all. So here is a mere sampling of some of the moments that have shredded our hearts to pieces since the show came back in 2005.
1. The Death of River Song
Episode – “The Silence in the Library”
River is arguably one the most kick ass characters to have ever graced the show. A human with Time Lord AND Pond DNA, River is a force to be reckoned with, and there's no better proof than her first appearance. Despite dying in the same episode that she makes her debut appearance, it makes an incredible impact on the audience.
However, the full tragedy and importance of her death comes with subsequent viewings, after getting better acquainted with her. That's when the tears will really come. The true misfortune arguably lies not with her death itself, but within her and the Doctor's backwards timeline. She knows that she has arrived at her final moments with her beloved Doctor – her husband who doesn't know her at all.
2. Amy and Rory Become Stuck in the Past
Episode – “The Angels Take Manhattan”
Although fans were aware that this was the last episode for the Ponds, their departure was still a royal kick in the lady balls. After Amy and the Doctor had spent the entire episode trying to save Rory from being stuck in the past thanks to the Weeping Angels, all seemed well. Maybe our favorite companion couple would simply decide to leave so they could settle into a normal life? WRONG. Steven Moffat wrote this episode, so no one can just be happy.
Another angel shows up and sends Rory back into the past again. But this time it is irreversible and permanent. A crying Amy steps in front of the angel so she can be spent her remaining days with her husband, all whilst the Doctor is scream-crying at her. Because obviously the Ponds hadn't been through enough already.
3. Oswin is Really a Dalek
Episode – “Asylum of the Daleks”
Oswin Oswald, a crash survivor who had spent the past year baking soufflés to kill time, crosses paths with the Doctor, Rory, and Amy. A genius with a sharp tongue and flirtatious personality, Oswin spends the episode aiding the trio in escape. Planning on taking her with them, the Doctor is devastated when he discovers that unbeknownst to Oswin, she is a Dalek who has retained her humanity out of sheer force of will. Many a tear was shed for this short lived but undoubtedly captivating character. Solace only came with the knowledge that she would survive, to a certain extent, through future companion Clara.
4. The Tortured Artist
Episode – “Vincent and the Doctor”
Another unfortunate one-shot character was Vincent van Gogh. History tells us that the artist would cut his life short through suicide. However, viewers were almost convinced that perhaps he would be spared this fate. Most of us cried along with Vincent when the Doctor and Amy brought him to present day Paris so he could see the importance his work had on the world. The moment became agonizing when Amy discovers that he still chose to end his life.
5. The Death of Jenny
Episode – “Trenzalore”
Vastra, Strax, and Jenny became well beloved guest stars in recent years. Their chemistry with one another (and The Doctor for that matter) as well as their comic relief stylings have made them quite the fan favorites. I'm sure I'm not the only one who wished for them to be granted their own crime solving spin-off series.
It's perhaps because of the relatively uplifting presence that they lent the show that the death of Jenny was so devastating. This occurred during a sleep induced conference call that was interrupted by The Whisper Men. What was perhaps most touching, besides Vastra's reaction of course, was Jenny's innocent apology and statement that she thinks she's been murdered, which was accompanied by a single tear.
6. Donna's Memory is Wiped
Episode – “Journey's End”
Admittedly, I wasn't the biggest fan of Donna initially. Perhaps it's because I saw her as an annoying yelling bride, or perhaps it's because of my natural aversion to Catherine Tate. Regardless, she grew on me and her character developed in such a remarkable way that I now consider her to be one of the best companions of all time. It's because of how far she came that her departing the company of the Doctor without a single memory is particularly painful. She would never know how important she was to the world or how amazing she had become. Even her family mourned the death of the person she had come to be.
7. Rose is Trapped in Another Dimension
Episode – “Doomsday”
This was more traumatic before the whole Clone Doctor situation happened. As we know, Rose became trapped in the parallel universe after almost falling into the Void. We're left watching her hysterically bang on the wall screaming “take me back” as we cry along with her. This is perhaps made worse when both she and Ten press themselves up against their respective walls, as if they can still feel each other there.
8. Ten Says Goodbye to Rose
Episode – “Doomsday”
Just in case being trapped in a different dimension wasn't horrible enough…
Rose travels to Bad Wolf Bay in Norway because she heard the Doctor calling to her in her dreams. Luckily, she was correct and he was harnessing the power of a supernova just to say goodbye to her. If this wasn't tear-jerking enough, Rose professes her love for him, and his response is cut off before disappearing. If anyone wasn't bawling their eyes out during this moment I presume it was because they were preoccupied with punching holes in their walls.
9. Those Left Behind
Episodes – “The Girl in the Fireplace” and “The Girl Who Waited”
Okay, so I may be cheating a little bit with this one, but I don't care. Both of these episodes conjure similar emotions of loss and tragedy, and both center around girls who were left behind.
Similar to Amy, Reinette (a.k.a. Madame de Pompadour) had been visited by the Doctor since a child and spent her lifetime waiting. Their paths only crossed once during her adult life, and after assuring her that he'd be right back the Doctor returns to find a heartbroken Louis XV who is mourning the death of his beloved. She did, however, write him a letter:
“My dear Doctor: the path has never seemed more slow, and yet I fear I am nearing its end. Reason tells me that you and I are unlikely to meet again, but I think I shall not listen to reason. I have seen the world inside your head and know that all things are possible. Hurry though, my love; my days grow shorter now, and I am so very weak. Godspeed, my lonely angel.”
Amy is placed in a similar situation when separated from Rory and the Doctor on the quarantined planet of Apalapucia. In an attempt to rescue her, they accidentally arrive 36 years in her future. Long story short, Amy the Elder is angry and untrusting, Amy the Younger shows up, and the two can't exist in the same timeline. Watching a heartbroken Older Amy bang on the Tardis door and eventually let go of Rory is truly a tearjerker.
10. The Death of John Smith
Episode – “The Family of Blood”
Being the Doctor is serious business. You have the weight of many, many worlds upon your shoulders, as well everything from the past, present, and future to contend with. Saving the universe is often a thankless job and you're generally repaid with having to watch those you love to die for all eternity. It's these facts that perhaps make the death of John Smith all the more gut-wrenching.
The year is 1913 and the Doctor and Martha are in hiding. In order to best accomplish this, the Doctor hides all of his Time Lordiness from the world, including himself. However, after learning the truth about himself he has to decide whether to stay John Smith or to sacrifice himself so the Doctor can return. We, along with Smith, see what a happy ordinary life could be like for him if he chose not to revive the Doctor. I can't blame him for mourning that loss in the way that he does, and I for one was crying along with him.
Ingredients:
2 frozen premade pie crusts
1 16oz bag frozen spinach (I like Trader Joe's organic)
1/2 cup of a combination of chopped onions, shallots, leeks, pearl onions or whatever I have on hand.
4 large eggs
1/3 cup milk
1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese
3tbs Parmesan cheese
1 teaspoon garlic powder
Salt & pepper to taste
Preheat over to 375F
Set out pie crusts for 10 minutes then pierce the sides and bottom with a fork.
Defrost spinach and onions, leeks, etc. if frozen. Squeeze out as much water as possible. Put drained spinach and onions in a large bowl. And Parmesan cheese, garlic powder, salt & pepper and mix. Then add eggs, milk, and cheddar cheese and mix.
Divide the filing mixture evenly between the pie crusts and smooth out the top a bit for a quiche that bakes evenly. Place the pie crusts on top of cookie sheets in case it spills because the eggs will make it puff up quite a bit during cooking.
Place in oven and start checking for doneness at 25-30 minutes as oven temperatures vary. Mine are usually done at 35-40 minutes when the pie crust is golden brown and the center of the quiche is set and no longer liquidy.
The Chronicles: Reddit Until I'm Blue In The Face
Last weekend was the 2nd Annual Bump & Jump at Blue Mountain. It was an amazing event. I entered, skied it, and bombed my run. Bottom line, I didn't make it to the elimination round. I will give it to Blue though; the competition was the best I have seen at any of the events we have sponsored all season.
After I was booted from the competition for lack of skill, the mountain still had one more surprise in store for us. Here's how the story starts…
Back in December I was eager to get my blog out there. I was searching high and low for readers, most of whom at that point were my friends. We had put together a contest called Spread The Mayo in order to generate some viral buzz and get people to like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, and subscribe to the blog. It worked out alright but the best thing that happened as a result of that was the Christmas gift my brother got me.
He was a Redditor, something I had never heard of but would soon learn about.
One day back in December I started getting all these hits on the blog out of no where. They were coming from a site called Reddit, an online community with a skiing subculture everyone should check out, but I digress. Being the computer illiterate individual I am I immediately deferred to Tyler and sure enough there was his post.
“Dear Reddit- My brother left his job, is homeless, and is desperate for some people to take notice of his new company Ski Till I Die. I can think of nothing else he would like better in this world than to see some serious traffic on his blog so please check him out. Merry Christmas Ryan -Tyler”
Not only was that the best gift I could have gotten, but it worked! A bunch of people immediately started responding to it. There were a lot of ‘good lucks' a few more ‘this is cools' and one Redditor even recognized me. All they said was ‘Boner?' (my college nickname) and sure enough it turned out to be my friend Michelle who I skied with at Marist.
A month or so after that I had revisited the post to see if any new responses had been threaded to the message and there was one from Dylan – asking about the Mayo Design we had used for the contest.
Thanks to Dylan's request and our eagerness to expand we put the tees into production. As soon as we had the first samples I got in touch with him via Reddit and started emailing back and forth about the mock up. The only difference between the initial design and the new one was the ‘Spread It' quote we added to the back. He loved it that much more.
In the meantime we were busy preparing for the mogul competition at Blue. After Joe and I got back to the tent, post defeat, this younger guy comes up to us and asks for me. He immediately identifies himself as the mayo guy from Reddit. I couldn't believe it! How cool is that?!
Dylan had read about our event on Facebook and being an hour away decided to come up for the day by surprising us with a t-shirt purchase. It was the last thing in the world I expected and it was the best surprise I could have imagined.
It's a funny thing when the internet and the real world collide. In this case the result is one more person out there supporting the Ski Till I Die cause and had that been the only thing we sold last weekend I still would have walked off the mountain with a smile of success. BIG UPS to Tyler, Dylan, Blue, and Reddit… we have come a long way and I certainly could not have gotten here without you guys!!
Until next time – cheers & keep shredding!
Ryan
Advertisements
Conduct in Live Chat
This especially applies to Burre's live feed, but good manners are welcome everywhere.
All the people in the chat who answer questions are volunteers. Please be respectful of their time and appreciate their efforts While there is no such thing as a stupid question, please check this FAQ and see if your question has been answered before asking in chat. Please don't use the chat as a substitute for checking the news yourself. You'll have to look elsewhere for Doom porn.
Special note: Over the last few days there have been some complaints posted to the Facebook page about chat, and some have gone to one chat to complain about another.
This is rude. Please don't do it!
If you are not happy with the chat on a livestream, find another. For the most part, these streams are posted by volunteers and fellow enthusiasts, and each has its own rules.
Let's repeat that. For the most part, these streams are posted by volunteers and fellow enthusiasts. They don't get paid to do it and they aren't making money from it. They are under no obligation to change the chat to suit you. People in the chat are not obligated to talk about the things you want to talk about, nor are they under any obligation to answer your questions, especially if the question has already been answered in the FAQ
The reason this FAQ recommends Burre's livestream is because the people who helped create this FAQ can be found there. Burre doesn't get paid for livestream and he doesn't solicit donations. (It is true that people have donated pizza money to him as a thank-you for his efforts, you might consider doing the same for any volunteer). More livestreams are listed on the Facebook page, and more are being made every day, so there is bound to be a chat you like somewhere.
Goran Dragic and Eric Bledsoe took the NBA by storm in 2013-14.
Predicted by many to finish near last in the league, the Suns went 48-34 by starting both point guards. When Dragic and Bledsoe shared the court, Phoenix scored at a top-five level, defended even better and outscored opponents by 11.0 points per 100 possessions.
But the Suns traded Dragic and for Knight just before last season's trade deadline.
The new point guard duo hasn't looked nearly as cohesive. Rather than pushing the pace and attacking from multiple angles like Dragic and Bledsoe did, Bledsoe and Knight have seemed aggressive enough only when it's their turn with the ball – which puts them in worse position to strike when it's swung to them. Phoenix was outscored by 0.9 points per 100 possessions when they shared the court last season and 2.6 this season.
Apparently, the issues continue off the court.
Zach Lowe of ESPN:
The Knight-Bledsoe pairing has been awkward, and has created some minor locker-room tension, according to sources familiar with the matter.
This problem has obviously been solved for the season. Bledsoe is sidelined for the year, giving Knight reigns of the Suns.
But it remains an important issue for Phoenix. Knight (four years, $56.5 million) and Bledsoe (three years, $43.5 million) have substantial salary commitments after this season.
When Dragic and Bledsoe began playing together, Dragic was the primary ball-handler. By the time Dragic was traded last season, that had switched to Bledsoe, contributing to Dragic's unhappiness. Bledsoe maintained that leading role upon the arrival of Knight, who has always insisted he's a point guard whenever questioned.
It's easy to see how this could've spread off the floor with the – understandable – egos involved. I wouldn't blame Bledsoe or Knight for wanting to be seen as the one and the other as the two. And at that point, teammates are going to choose sides.
Suns coach Jeff Hornacek did an excellent job maximizing the effectiveness of the Dragic-Bledsoe combo. Phoenix needs someone to smooth things between Bledsoe and Knight on and off the court . (If the former comes first, I suspect the latter would follow). But Hornacek might not even be around once Bledsoe gets healthy.
When the Suns consider who coaches them next season, Bledsoe and Knight ought to be top priority. It's a tricky situation, one that's lowering both players' trade values. Rather than sell low on at least one of the point guards, Phoenix should try righting this first.
Knight has a chance to stake his claim as the rightful top guard by playing well the rest of this season. But the Suns are 0-3 since Bledsoe went down, and Knight has struggled in those games.
Phoenix could also shake up other parts of its roster, perhaps changing the dynamic of a divided locker room. But there's no saying new players would solve the issue rather than just changing who's taking sides.
The simplest solution is getting Bledsoe and Knight to click on the court – and that's far from simple.
B.C.'s auditor general has given a failing grade to the provincial legislature's management of its $63-million-a-year budget.
John Doyle says his audit of the past three fiscal years found the Speaker's office, which controls the legislative assembly budget, does not produce financial statements, does not demand receipts for MLAs' expense accounts and does not properly reconcile its bank balances.
Doyle did not mince words in his description of the legislature's books.
The B.C. legislature has not got its own financial house in order, and hasn't had for years, says the auditor general. (Samuel Bufalini/CBC)
"The numbers did not make sense and were not supported by the evidence. So this isn't some esoteric discussion about accounting rules. This is basic bread and butter. Not good."
Doyle said most of the problems could have been avoided if the Speaker's office had implemented the recommendations the auditor general made about accounting five years ago.
NDP MLA John Horgan said he and his fellow politicians should be chastened by Doyle's report.
"I think this is an embarrassment for all members of the legislature. This isn't a partisan issue. This is an issue of our ability to manage our affairs. And I think the public, when they look at this, are going to shake their heads in disappointment, and that's a slight for all of us," Horgan said.
The scathing review comes a day after Doyle also panned Finance Minister Kevin Falcon's release of the latest public accounts, saying the government understated the deficit by $520 million.
Falcon disagreed with the assessment, saying B.C. has followed accounting practices used across North America and is on track to balancing its budget by 2013-2014.
Doyle has recommended the legislature take immediate steps to address the deficiencies he believes his office has identified.
View Products by Artist Adam Haworth Stephens Adrianne Lenker and Buck Meek Art in Manila Azure Ray Beep Beep Big Harp Big Thief Black Belt Eagle Scout Bright Eyes Broken Spindles Cho-Cho & Dasheen Criteria Crooked Fingers Cursive Dag for Dag Desaparecidos Disq Eric Bachmann Gabardine Georgie James Hand Habits Hop Along Hovvdy Icky Blossoms Jake Bellows Ladyfinger (ne) Land of Talk Laura Burhenn Maria Taylor Mayday Miles B. A. Robinson Neva Dinova Now It's Overhead O+S Old Canes Orenda Fink Palehound Posse PUJOL Rilo Kiley Saddle Creek Sam Evian Sebastien Grainger Son Ambulance Sorry About Dresden Spoon Stef Chura The Faint The Good Life The Mynabirds The Rural Alberta Advantage The Thermals Tim Kasher Tokyo Police Club Tomberlin Twinsmith Two Gallants UUVVWWZ Various Artists Wilder Maker Young Jesus Filter 7" cd colored vinyl lp mp3 sale single vinyl Sort Best Selling Alpha: A-Z Alpha: Z-A
Ukraine crisis: Vladimir Putin says Russia does not want war, confrontation; aid convoy heads for Ukraine border
Posted
Russian president Vladimir Putin said his country would stand up for itself but not at the cost of confrontation with the outside world.
Mr Putin was speaking to Russian ministers and members of parliament in Crimea - the Ukrainian region annexed by Russia this year - a stage that had led many people to anticipate a major announcement about Ukraine.
He avoided the kind of barbs that he has previously directed at Western countries during the crisis, which has dragged East-West relations to their lowest ebb since the Cold War.
"We must calmly with dignity, and effectively, build up our country, not fence it off from the outside world," Mr Putin said.
"We need to consolidate and mobilise but not for war or any kind of confrontation... for hard work in the name of Russia."
He also said Russia would do everything in its power to end the conflict in Ukraine as soon as possible and stop the bloodshed there.
The comments came amid reports a convoy carrying aid from Moscow to eastern Ukraine appeared to be heading for the rebel held area around Luhansk, despite opposition form Kiev.
The BBC reports a 100-strong convoy had turned off the motorway in western Russia to approach the border with Ukraine.
Ukrainian authorities on Wednesday refused permission to the convoy to actually enter Ukraine territory, insisting that the whole operation actually had to be cleared and coordinated by the International Red Cross.
Kiev and the West are deeply suspicious of the aid mission and believes it could be used by the Russians as a cover for some kind of military operation.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop warned Russia against sending the convoy into eastern Ukraine, suggestions Moscow described as "absurd" and "irresponsible".
Russia has 'various ways' of protecting national interests: Putin
In Crimea Mr Putin said Russia's foreign policy doctrine should be peace-loving.
"All our partners in the world should understand that Russia, like any other large, powerful sovereign state, has various ways and means of ensuring its national interests, and these include armed forces," he said.
"But this is not a panacea and we do not intend, like some people, to dash around the world with a razor blade and wave that blade around.
"But everyone should understand that we also have such things in our arsenal."
Many of Mr Putin's critics in Western capitals say he has made dovish comments before, but that this has not been matched by actions on the ground.
European countries and the United States allege that Russia is supplying arms to separatists in eastern Ukraine.
The stand-off over Ukraine is now becoming much more costly for both sides, with the EU and United States imposing economic sanctions and Russia retaliating by banning imports of many food products.
Reuters/BBC
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, world-politics, russian-federation, ukraine
Busting Rust with Light: New Technique Safely Penetrates Top Coat for Perfect Paint Job
Terahertz waves characterize coats of paint without damaging them, could keep cars from rusting, identify old toxic paint that contains lead, and even analyze artifacts
This three-dimensional image of a small patch of a painted surface shows that the paint is non-uniform, consisting of four different layers. Image credit: Applied Research & Photonics.
Terahertz reflectometry reveals the paint surface's texture, which is produced by mica flakes added to the paint. Image credit: Applied Research & Photonics.
20 May 2014Contact:Lyndsay MeyerCLEO: 2014+1.202.416.1435lmeyer@osa.org
WASHINGTON, May 20, 2014 – To keep your new car looking sleek and shiny for years, factories need to make certain that the coats of paint on it are applied properly. But ensuring that every coat of paint—whether it is on a car or anything else—is of uniform thickness and quality is not easy.
Now researchers have developed a new way to measure the thickness of paint layers and the size of particles embedded inside. Unlike conventional methods, the paint remains undamaged, making the technique useful for a variety of applications from cars to artifacts, cancer detection and more. The researchers will describe their work at CLEO: 2014 being held June 8-13 in San Jose, California, USA.
"It's a problem that's quite challenging," said Anis Rahman, founder of Applied Research and Photonics, Inc., in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. "None of the current methods are very successful in determining the thickness of individual layers and coatings in a nondestructive fashion."
The new technique, which was developed by Rahman and his son, Aunik, uses terahertz reflectometry, in which a beam of terahertz-frequency radiation is fired onto the paint. Terahertz radiation, which has frequencies between infrared and microwave radiation, is nonionizing and therefore harmless, Rahman said.
The terahertz beam penetrates the paint layers, which are each ten of microns (millionths of a meter) thick and bounces back at different intensities of light depending on the thickness of each layer of material the beam encounters. Measuring the intensities of the reflected beams reveals the thickness of each coat of paint down to a precision of tens of nanometers, almost a million times narrower than the head of a pin. This method can also be used to estimate the size of any particles added to the paint as small as 25 nanometers.
In addition to quality control, the method would be useful for testing paints as well, Rahman said. For example, in order for an overcoat on a car to protect the paint underneath, the two layers have to remain separate. Terahertz reflectometry can be used to make sure that the overcoat does not penetrate the layers below. The method can also help companies analyze how their paints react with different surfaces, such as plastic, wood or metal.
Environmental health applications are also possible, Rahman said, since the method can help detect whether old paint contains lead. Archaeologists and art historians can even employ it to analyze the paint on artifacts.
But terahertz reflectometry is useful for more than analyzing paint, Rahman added. The researchers are now configuring their techniques to analyze the structure of skin as a way to help diagnose early stages of skin cancer such as melanoma and basal cell carcinoma. With the addition of spectroscopy to measure the different wavelengths of reflected beams, this technique can be used to analyze the structure of skin layers and determine if they are healthy or diseased.
The instrument is ready for commercialization and Rahman says they are currently looking for partners to help bring it to market.
Presentation AW3H.4, titled “Terahertz reflectometry of multi-layered paint thicknesses and estimation of particle sizes,” will take place Wednesday, June 11, at 5:15 p.m. in Executive Ballroom 210H of the San Jose Convention Center.
PRESS REGISTRATION: A press room for credentialed press and analysts will be located in the San Jose Convention Center, Sunday through Thursday, June 8-12. Those interested in obtaining a press badge for CLEO: 2014 should contact Lyndsay Meyer at 202.416.1435 or lmeyer@osa.org.
About CLEO
With a distinguished history as the industry's leading event on laser science, the Conference on Lasers and Electro-Optics (CLEO) is the premier international forum for scientific and technical optics, uniting the fields of lasers and opto-electronics by bringing together all aspects of laser technology, from basic research to industry applications. CLEO: Expo showcases the latest products and applications from more than 300 participating companies from around the world, providing hands-on demonstrations of the latest market innovations and applications. The Expo also offers valuable on-floor programming, including Market Focus and the Technology Transfer program.
Sponsored by the American Physical Society's (APS) Laser Science Division, IEEE Photonics Society and The Optical Society (OSA), CLEO provides the full range of critical developments in the field, showcasing the most significant milestones from laboratory to marketplace. With an unparalleled breadth and depth of coverage, CLEO connects all of the critical vertical markets in lasers and electro-optics. For more information, visit www.cleoconference.org. CLEO: 2014 takes place June 8 - 13 at the San Jose Convention Center.
Is there room in the Republican Party for genuine moderates? Truth to tell, the GOP can't decide. More precisely, it's deeply divided over whether it should allow any divisions in the party at all.
That's why the brawl in a single congressional district in far Upstate New York is drawing the eyes of the nation. Conservatives are determined to use the race to prove that there is no place in the party for heretics, dissidents or independents.
President Obama set up the fight by nominating the district's former representative, John McHugh, as his Army secretary. Maybe Obama is as fiendishly clever as his more paranoid opponents believe him to be.
When local Republicans picked a moderate, Assemblywoman Dede Scozzafava, as their candidate for the Nov. 3 contest, many on the right rebelled. They are backing a third-party conservative, Doug Hoffman, and he may well drive Scozzafava into third place. For the moment, at least, polls show that Bill Owens, the Democratic candidate, has jumped into first place on the split.
It demonstrates just how right-wing some Republicans have become that former House speaker Newt Gingrich is on the moderate side of this civil war against his old nemesis Dick Armey, who served under Gingrich as majority leader.
Gingrich, who backs Scozzafava, always understood that he would never have become speaker without help from Republican moderates. Armey prefers ideological purity and, like fellow members of the Tea Party movement, is supporting Hoffman.
The GOP's battle of Plattsburgh and Oswego underscores the fact that while the Democrats are a coalition party uniting moderates and liberals, Republicans threaten to become a party of the right, and only of the right. That means (as we are seeing on health care) that many of the big arguments take place almost entirely inside the Democratic Party.
Democrats won their majority in Congress by uniting and firing up their base (George W. Bush helped a lot) and by winning over moderates and independents, often by running moderate candidates in conservative districts. These candidates were typically to the left of the Republicans on economic issues but to the right of, say, Berkeley and Cambridge.
In the meantime, middle-of-the-road voters who had populated the moderate Republican heartland, notably in suburban areas of the Northeast and Midwest, shifted steadily Democratic, turned off by the increasing dominance of Southern conservatives in the party of Lincoln.
Such voters threw solid Republican moderates out of office -- among them Connie Morella in Maryland, Jim Leach in Iowa and Chris Shays in Connecticut -- not because they disliked these champions of the middle way but because all three came to be seen as enablers of a right-wing congressional majority.
If you take conservatives aside quietly, they will often acknowledge all this. For next year's Senate races, party leaders have already welcomed the emergence of moderate candidates, notably in contests for the seats once held by the U.S. president and vice president.
Republicans have a decent shot in Delaware because Rep. Mike Castle, who leans toward the center, has decided to run for Joe Biden's old seat. In Illinois, Rep. Mark Kirk, despite some opposition on the right, offers the Republicans their best chance of capturing the office Obama gave up to pursue other interests.
But this strategy won't work if staunch conservatives insist that in the crunch, there is no space in the party for anyone to Dick Armey's left. "We win when we are us," Armey told the right-wing blog Red State in explaining his support for Hoffman. It's a revealing statement. The "us" Armey has in mind isn't big enough to encompass people like Castle and Kirk, let alone the scores of moderate suburbanites who once felt comfortable in the Republican Party of George H.W. Bush.
In fact, "us" is getting to be a small, comfy group. The Post-ABC News poll this week found that only 20 percent of adults identify themselves as Republicans, the lowest single number in Post-ABC polls since 1983. Only 19 percent had confidence in congressional Republicans "to make the right decisions for the country's future." Even congressional Democrats got 34 percent on that question, and Obama scored 49 percent.
With the moderate Scozzafava's support in apparent collapse, Hoffman has a chance to win next month. Right-wingers will cheer, but the result would be bad news for the Republican Party. It will keep them on a path that Newt Gingrich knows is unsustainable, even if Dick Armey doesn't.
ejdionne@washpost.com
Missouri defensive end Marcell Frazier blamed departed offensive coordinator Josh Heupel for leaving the Tigers high and dry after they got rolled by Texas 33-16 Wednesday night at the Texas Bowl.
"Realistically, Heupel left us in a bad position," Frazier said of Heupel, who took the head-coaching job at Central Florida, bringing offensive line coach Glen Elarbee with him. "It is what it is. And Elarbee left us in a bad position. As men they have to look in the mirror. They let a whole bunch of teenage boys down, 18- and 19-year-olds. They left and they have to do what's best for their family, but I think it showed up a little bit today. We were doing things [on offense] we haven't done since maybe the Auburn game. It showed up.
"We practiced for almost a whole month without an O-coordinator or an O-line coach after having one of the most dominating offenses in the nation. It's tough. I believe they let some guys down. They had to do what's best for them. I don't quite understand it."
Frazier pointed to Scott Frost, who is still coaching Central Florida in the Peach Bowl despite taking the Nebraska job, as someone who's setting a better example.
"So I don't quite understand all the politics, but it showed up," Frazier said. "Texas, I don't believe they had anyone leave their entire staff. We had two offensive coaches leave."
Missouri actually had more total yards (390-280) than Texas, and the teams were even with 17 first downs each. But the Tigers had four turnovers to none for the Longhorns.
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop.
Enter your e-mail address:
Privacy note: your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose.
Mission Reports
For 11 years, Spaceflight Now has been providing unrivaled coverage of U.S. space launches. Comprehensive reports and voluminous amounts of video are available in our archives.
Space Shuttle
Atlas | Delta | Pegasus
Minotaur | Taurus | Falcon
Titan
Advertisement
SpaceX, NASA schedule next Dragon flight for early 2012
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted: November 13, 2011
The first SpaceX demonstration flight to the International Space Station will launch no sooner than January as NASA awaits final delivery of flight software before clearing the mission to proceed, according to space agency sources.
Artist's concept of a Dragon spaceship approaching the International Space Station. Credit: NASA
A NASA manifest document shows the launch set for Jan. 12. SpaceX has a date on the Air Force-run Eastern Range for liftoff Jan. 7, at the earliest. But an agency official familiar with the mission described the date as challenging and said February is a more likely timeframe for the flight. SpaceX and NASA previously stated Dec. 19 was the earliest the mission could blast off from Cape Canaveral, Fla. SpaceX officials, including founder and CEO Elon Musk, have consistently cautioned media and observers the test flight would likely occur in January, at the earliest. During the test flight, an unmanned Dragon capsule will lift off from Florida on a Falcon 9 rocket and reach the International Space Station a few days later. After making sure the Dragon's systems are healthy with a flyby of the space station, NASA will approve the spacecraft's final approach within about 30 feet the complex. Then astronaut Don Pettit will grapple the Dragon with the space station's Canadian-built robotic arm and berth the automated cargo ship to the lab's Harmony module. SpaceX holds a $1.6 billion NASA contract to supply the space station with food, crew logistics, experiments, spare parts and other necessities with 12 flights of the company's Dragon cargo craft. But SpaceX must first show the spacecraft works and can safely reach the space station. The Dragon cargo vehicle for the upcoming demonstration mission arrived at the Florida launch site Oct. 23. The Dragon's trunk, or service module, arrived at Cape Canaveral on Nov. 11. The trunk will house two small Orbcomm communications satellites and the craft's solar panels and propulsion system. But the spacecraft itself is not driving the schedule. NASA must review SpaceX's flight plan, test the Dragon's software algorithms and issue a series of safety reports demonstrating the mission poses no unacceptable threat to the $100 billion orbiting laboratory or its six-person crew. Before NASA approves the launch, the space agency is putting the Dragon spacecraft through a comprehensive safety review to ensure it meets standards for vehicles visiting the station. NASA's oversight team is now in Phase 3 of the safety review, which will conclude the agency's engineering audit of the flight's safety risks. The review includes a series of "hazard reports" designed to address specific threats during the mission. Spacecraft approaching within a few miles of the outpost must have at least one level of redundancy in systems to avoid a critical mission-jeopardizing hazard. Two levels of back-up systems are required for catastrophic or safety-related threats, according to NASA. NASA is also running its own Monte Carlo analysis of SpaceX's software and must obtain approval for the mission from international partners. According to a senior NASA manager, SpaceX has not delivered the final version of software for the mission. In addition to testing of the software itself, some of the hazard reports can't be finished until the software is delivered and studied, the manager told Spaceflight Now. Josh Byerly, a NASA spokesperson, said the SpaceX software is due to NASA by Nov. 27 and integrated testing is scheduled to begin the next day. SpaceX is flying the test mission under NASA's Commercial Orbital Transportation Services program, which is designed to prove out commercial resupply vehicles for the station after the retirement of the space shuttle. The COTS program partners with SpaceX and Orbital Sciences Corp., which is developing its own rocket and cargo craft, under Space Act Agreements. The agreements form a public-private partnership in which the companies can receive U.S. government investment to complement private capital. So far, the government has pledged $396 million to SpaceX. The funding is payable as SpaceX meets specific milestones during development and testing, and most of the money has already been paid out. The first launch of the Orbital Sciences Taurus 2 rocket is scheduled for late February or early March after delays in constructing and testing the booster's new launch pad in Virginia pushed the flight into next year. In the long run, NASA is counting on both commercial cargo providers to regularly deliver supplies to the space station, but the final space shuttle mission in July stocked the complex with enough food and equipment to continue operations until late 2012 without SpaceX or Orbital Sciences. The upcoming Dragon flight will test a host of new technologies and spacecraft systems that weren't demonstrated on the capsule's initial orbital mission in December 2010. SpaceX added two solar array wings to generate electricity and a redundant active thermal control loop to reject heat into space and project the spacecraft from extreme temperatures. The Dragon's first flight lasted three hours. It exercised the craft's control, electronics, propulsion and re-entry systems, but it didn't demonstrate the Dragon's complex suite of rendezvous sensors required to reach the space station. Other new systems on the upcoming flight include the hatch, a bay door housing the craft's grapple fixture, and a claw that provides electrical and data connections between the capsule and its trunk, or service module, according to SpaceX. The spaceship passed a suite of environmental testing before it shipped to Florida.
James Oglethorpe and his family, originally from East Sussex, lives in Kathmandu: "The first one I was in the car, the second one outside and this one working at my desk which I got under. It felt as though a giant had hold of the house and shook and shook and shook it, everything shaking and swaying. The ground is still moving as though we are on jelly. My nerves are shot for the time being. Thankfully we are all safe.
"My son works for the UN and is walking home, my wife has been out but is coming home. We are putting up tents on the waste ground beside our house, which we did after the last one. We'll sleep out there tonight. Our house does look ok, in the local neighbourhood some walls are down and a six storey block of flats has major cracks. It is probably compounded damage since the last time."
Earlier this month developer smoke showed us Rejuvenate (UVLoader) for PSM Unity working on the PlayStation TV. Well to day is the day that we all have been looking forward too, Rejuvenate for Unity..
One of the best things about Unity, is you no longer need to use USB to run it after it is installed. 🙂 Now all the other homebrews and emulators may need to be updated to Unity specs, so at the moment only thing that has be confirmed working is the hello world and Smoke's NES4Vita.
Homebrew & Emulators tested and confirmed working by rjmmarcelo
“Thanks to Netrix as the work was done almost by him (and also thanks to SMOKE for testing and modifications to the setup script), Rejuvenate is now supported on both PSM Unity and PSM Unity for VitaTV.
Installation
Just like before, run SETUP.bat and follow the directions. If you are using PSM+, be sure to follow the directions where you get PSM+. To use on VitaTV, install the package on your Vita and then move the memory card to the VitaTV. I hear that mr.gas will release a method for package installation that does not require a Vita to install. Follow him on Twitter for details on that when the time comes.”
Unity update:
VitaDefilerClient, released for PSTV installation method by Mr.Gas and Smoke..
Download: VitaDefilerClient for Unity
Mirror: VitaDefilerClient for Unity
Download Ver2: VitaDefilerClient for Unity 0.3.3 beta
Extra Downloads: PSM backup files, everything you need for PSM+
Mirror: PSM backup files, everything you need for PSM+
As always, you can find downloads to the latest version here as well as VitaDefiler and UVLoader on GitHub.
If you have been using PSM Dev then this shouldn't be to hard for you. Now using it on the PSTV it's best to have your vita to setup you memory card for Unity. Then do the email trick for the memory card swap, once done take the memory card out of the vita and put it into the PSTV.
Don't forget to use our guide to get your license files for Unity here..
Just a friendly guide about rejuvenate and what “PSM+” is and what can we do with it?
PSM+ is an alternative way of creating license files for PSM and the scene's answer to the closing of PlayStation Mobile Service. By creating license files from here you will be able to still develop and run applications with the PSM SDK in the future. Additionally this will grant you access to run the PSM hack “Rejuvenate” and enjoy Native Homebrews on your Vita.
So basically with PSM+ all of you who weren't able to obtain a PSM developer license in time, will get a second chance to join the party and enjoy Homebrew on your Vitas again! However, for this workaround to succeed, write access to the Vita's filesystem is needed to replace some important files.
Note: You must be running FW 3.51 or lower to make use of the Dev Assistant(s) and Rejuvenate!
For clarification: The supplied write trick was found by Mr.Gas @gabaas1 and Major Tom@frtomtomdu80 quite some time ago and since Firmware 3.51 seems to be THE firmware for hacking now, they decided to release their programm for everyone!
GET TO THE PSM+ PAGE
Download and Tutorial for the EML Write Trick
And as already stated: This trick will additionally grant you access to install the PSM Dev assistant for Unity app to your PlaystationTVs and run Rejuvenate!! Check it out here:http://hackinformer.com/2015/06/26/install-psvita-package-files-firmware-3-20fw/
Once again:
Remember to NOT update to 3.52 or later than it would lock you out of PSM Unity and Rejuvenate!!
Source:
The oldest known tree in the world is an unnamed Great Basin bristlecone pine in the White Mountains of California. At 5,064 years old, this tree has seen things, man. Though not even remotely as majestic or gigantic as the mighty Redwoods, the bristlecone pines, which claim the top three spots on the list of the world's oldest trees, look the part of their ancient age: round, wise, and a little scraggly around the edges, like crotchety old grandmothers.
So will there come a time when these sage trees die from old age?
Honestly, the question is a bit misleading. No living thing, whether plant or animal, really dies of old age. When we say that a human dies of old age, it means that he or she passed away from one of the common diseases associated with aging, like pneumonia, influenza, cancer, or liver failure. Dying from old age is not actually a scientifically recognized cause of death, there's always something more specific.
When animals senesce, or grow older, their cells may cease to divide, or the division process may grow increasingly sloppy, leading to deleterious mistakes. On the outside, this aging process shows through cognitive decline, or wrinkles in humans. One animal in particular, the hydra, actually doesn't seem to senesce. For all intents and purposes, it is biologically immortal.
While it's not precisely known whether or not individual trees are biologically immortal in the same fashion, they definitely don't grow old the same way animals do. Trees grow indeterminately, meaning that with the right conditions, they can grow and grow and grow, with only the laws of physics limiting their height. (There's a certain point where a tree cannot send enough water from the roots to the top layer of leaves, preventing adequate photosynthesis.) Amazingly, once they hit that maximum height, instead of growing taller, they grow wider! And they do so at an ever-increasing rate! That's right, trees actually grow faster as they age. Scientists reported this amazing finding in the journal Nature earlier this year, after examining the growth of over 700,000 trees worldwide.
While it's not yet known precisely why trees grow faster as they age, the secret to their perpetual growth has already been revealed. Most plant cells are perpetually embryonic, meaning they can change into another cell type at any time.
So if trees never stop growing, why is it that the oldest individual tree is just 5,064 years old? Why aren't there trees that are hundreds of thousands of years old, or even millions of years old? An enlightened Redditor stated the answer succintly:
The longer a tree is around the more opportunities it has to have something happen to it that leads to its death. This could be a lot of different things such as a storm, a disease, an insect infestation. Often a tree can survive numerous instances of potential death, but over time these instances can aggregate, or lead to a greater susceptibility to death. For example, a storm might knock off a tree limb, which might give the tree a higher risk of exposure to a disease....Or a tree might live for quite a long time, out growing trees in the area, making it more likely to be struck by lightning, or blown over in storm.
So a tree may not die of old age, but after a long enough time, simple statistics dictate that it will die of some other cause. Such is life.
(Images: AP, Dcrjsr
Now playing: Watch this: Oakley unveils its version of Google's Project Glass
Who needs a ski resort map, when your goggles can tell you right where you are?
Next Monday, Oakley, one of the largest sports optics makers in the world, will unveil its $599 Airwave ski goggles, an all-new product featuring a small built-in heads-up display that mimics what appears to be a 14-inch screen seen at a distance of five feet.
The display, created using what is called "prism" technology, shows a wide range of imagery and information, including where a skier is, where their friends are, and even data about the last jump they took, or the last run they skied.
Featuring a passel of sensors including GPS, Bluetooth, an accelerometer, a gyroscope, and more, the Airwave is meant to give skiers an entirely new level of information about where they are and what they're doing than has been possible before. It's also tied to a mobile device -- either an iPhone or iPod Touch, or an Android phone -- allowing for an additional level of information to be fed into the goggles. As well, users can see and navigate through music playlists -- from the music on their smartphone -- in the display.
These are not normal goggles. For one, they require a remote control, which is worn on the wrist. For another, they have a little display in the lower right-hand corner that allows wearers to see all that imagery or data, but which doesn't interfere with their view of the slopes in front of them. The goggles are definitely heavier than what most skiers are probably used to, but it's likely that the added weight from the display and the sensors won't be a problem, especially after a few runs.
Oakley
The idea behind Airwave is that skiers should be able to get all the information they need about their day on the slopes, right from their goggles. So, someone wearing a pair of Airwaves can quickly see their location on a map of the resort they're at -- the system comes ready to display maps for more than 600 resorts worldwide, and automatically knows which one is being skied. Because of the internal gyroscope, it allows users to turn their head and have the map rotate as a result.
Because the goggles are tied to smartphones, the system also lets a wearer coordinate with one or more friends, and to see where they are at any moment during a day of skiing. And that's true whether those friends have a pair of Airwaves or not. That's because anyone who downloads the Airwave mobile app can be tracked as they ski. However, only those with the goggles can see their friends' location on the heads-up display, as well as how far away they are, and what is the best route to take to meet them.
Airwave is not just about mapping, finding friends, or playing music, however. It's also about giving skiers a lot of information about how they're performing. Because of its built-in sensors, it offers a range of analytics about all kinds of things -- how high a jump was, and how it compared to previous jumps; how fast a run was, maximum speed for a run, the amount of vertical drop in a run, a list of runs taken over the course of the day, and so forth. It compiles all that data and can display it on demand -- or it can save it for viewing later on the Airwave community Web site.
Other features allow a wearer to see a text message without having to pull out his or her phone, and even to send one of a number of pre-determined replies straight from the goggles. For someone using an iOS 6 device, the display will show caller or text-sender ID.
Airwave is designed to work in conjunction with a GoPro camera, allowing the wearer to see the camera's view in the heads-up display. The system allows for users to overlay ski performance and mapping data with the video from the GoPro camera, and to upload all of that to the Airwave community Web site. Some of this can be done in real time, since the device can send data packets via the smartphone to a user's account. It also allows for linking photos taken from the smartphone to where they were taken, because of the GPS data, meaning that users can create event playbacks that show where they were, the runs and vertical feet they skied, who was with them, and photos from throughout the day -- all synched to music of their choice.
Oakley
To be sure, Airwave is not the only ski goggle that offers a heads-up display. Zeal Optics' Z3 goggles also have a small heads-up display and can track skiers' speed, vertical distance covered, and where they skied. But that product requires waiting until later to see all that information on a map, whereas Airwave shows it in real time.
Oakley knows that developers will want to get their hands on the system, and so it has released a software development kit that will allow anyone to create new applications. Already, there are third-party heart monitor and stop-watch apps.
The Airwave goggles go on sale on October 31, the same day that iOS and Android apps will be available.
Early History
Before the state of Alabama was even established, the site of present-day Montgomery was an important crossroads that straddled major Native American trade routes, with paths, streams, and the Alabama River connecting the Creek Indians to a wider world. Beginning in the sixteenth century, European intrusions began changing the destiny of the original inhabitants. By 1814, with the signing of the Treaty of Fort Jackson , the Creeks had ceded millions of acres, including what is now Montgomery County , to the United States.
Richard Montgomery Settlers flooded the area, establishing numerous cotton Settlers flooded the area, establishing numerous cotton plantations . With mechanization of textile production, the demand for cotton increased rapidly. The site again served as a crossroads for this emerging industry. In 1817 and 1818, three small settlements sprang up on the banks of the Alabama River, with two of these communities merging in 1819 to form the town of Montgomery, named for Gen. Richard Montgomery, a hero of the Revolutionary War. In 1822, the town became the seat of Montgomery County, itself named in 1816 for Maj. Lemeul Montgomery, an officer killed in the 1814 Battle of Horseshoe Bend
As Alabama settlement expanded, the state legislature looked to relocate the capital from Tuscaloosa , in the west-central part of the state. Montgomery entrepreneur Andrew Dexter, for whom the city's famed Dexter Avenue is named, was among its earliest promoters as the site of the new state capital. He had even reserved a portion of his property, known as "Goat Hill," at the eastern end of Market Street for the location of the state house. In 1846, Montgomery won the long-sought prize when the legislature chose it as the capital city. One of the major points in the town's favor was the Creek land cession that pushed the boundary of Alabama eastward to the Chattahoochee River, thus placing Montgomery quite close to the state's geographic center. Other significant factors included the developing railroads , the free land (Goat Hill), and the funds that the city would raise through a bond issue to finance the construction of the state house. Completed in 1847, the Greek Revival edifice burned to the ground in December 1849. Undaunted, the state funded another building, completed in 1851, that still serves as the capitol today. That same year, the Montgomery & West Point Railroad connected Montgomery with terminals in Georgia, opening central Alabama to the Northeast and Midwest.
Jefferson Davis Inauguration The population of the city grew rapidly in the decades after its founding. By 1850, more than 12,000 people lived in the town, which had expanded to include several hotels, taverns, storehouses, and a cotton warehouse to accommodate the developing cotton trade along the riverfront. The 1850s in Montgomery were marked by prosperity and progress, and the town grew in sophistication. However, signs of the trouble to come appeared, as the The population of the city grew rapidly in the decades after its founding. By 1850, more than 12,000 people lived in the town, which had expanded to include several hotels, taverns, storehouses, and a cotton warehouse to accommodate the developing cotton trade along the riverfront. The 1850s in Montgomery were marked by prosperity and progress, and the town grew in sophistication. However, signs of the trouble to come appeared, as the secession crisis began to heat up. Conflict grew among the secessionists, led by firebrand legislator William Lowndes Yancey , those who vehemently opposed secession, and a substantial moderate element. In the presidential campaign of 1860, Yancey failed to achieve his demands for southern rights at the Democratic Convention and led the southern delegates out, fracturing the national Democratic Party and assuring the election of Republican Abraham Lincoln. The southern states seceded soon thereafter, and Montgomery hosted the constitutional convention for the new Confederate States of America and was selected as the provisional capital. Montgomery served in that capacity for three months until May 1861, when it lost that honor to Richmond, Virginia.
During the war, Montgomery remained largely on the sidelines of the actual fighting, instead supplying men and materials to the war effort. The city housed six hospitals and several homes that provided medical services to the sick and wounded. Montgomery was largely untouched by war until April 1865, when federal forces under Gen. James H. Wilson began moving toward the city. The scant Confederate units moved out, but before departing, military and municipal leaders decided to burn some 100,000 bales of cotton stored in local warehouses. The acrid smell of burning cotton greeted Union troops as they entered town in the early morning of April 12, 1865. During their two-day occupation, they destroyed the arsenal, train depot, foundries, rolling mills, nitre works, several riverboats, and railway cars.
Montgomery, having suffered little physical damage, saw drastic changes in its social, political, and economic life as freed blacks took positions on the city council and Republican mayors guided the city through the turbulent times of Reconstruction . The free black population built churches and organized educational, civic, and social institutions. These advances began to reverse in 1875, when the Democrats regained control of the state and city governments and imposed white supremacy, although black political influence continued for some time.
Modernization
Montgomery, ca. 1885 By the 1880s, Montgomery had wholeheartedly embraced new technology and ushered in an era of modernization. In 1886, the city gained fame as the home of the very first electric streetcar system in the Western Hemisphere. A major railroad hub for Central Alabama and its By the 1880s, Montgomery had wholeheartedly embraced new technology and ushered in an era of modernization. In 1886, the city gained fame as the home of the very first electric streetcar system in the Western Hemisphere. A major railroad hub for Central Alabama and its river traffic, Montgomery became the wholesale district for the region. By now a city of more than 17,000, the city boasted cotton brokerages , warehouses, large commercial banks, metal manufacturing, dry goods industries, lumbering, textile mills, and breweries.
In 1896, the Supreme Court's decision in Plessy vs. Ferguson established rules for "separate but equal" facilities in rail travel and set in motion drastic societal changes for people in the South. In Alabama, white elites quickly moved to take advantage of the new opportunities for curbing black and poor white political involvement and entrenched existing Jim Crow laws. In 1901, the legislature in Montgomery rewrote the state constitution, which disfranchised blacks and many whites, as the Plessy verdict resonated across the South. Montgomery municipal leaders hastened to pass ordinances designed to separate blacks and whites on trolleys, leading blacks to boycott the trolleys in 1901 and stage a trolley strike in 1906. The outcome was segregated seating on trolleys and, later, on city buses. By then, however, transportation was moving in another direction: upward.
Wright Brothers Flying School In 1910, the Commercial Men's Association ignited an interest in flying when it invited the Wright brothers to Montgomery, where the inventors operated the first civilian flying school for three months on the Kohn Plantation west of town. This event was the first of many associations with flight for the city. During In 1910, the Commercial Men's Association ignited an interest in flying when it invited the Wright brothers to Montgomery, where the inventors operated the first civilian flying school for three months on the Kohn Plantation west of town. This event was the first of many associations with flight for the city. During World War I , the same land served as Ardmont, a repair depot for Army aircraft, including those from Taylor Field, east of Montgomery. At the same time, infantry troops received training at Camp Sheridan ; writer F. Scott Fitzgerald met his future wife, Zelda Sayre , while stationed there. Following the war, Ardmont remained active and, renamed as Maxwell Field , trained hundreds of flyers during World War II . Now Maxwell Air Force Base, today it is the home of the Air University , the advanced educational center for Air Force officers, as well as several other facilities. Between 1940 and 1950, the population increased from 78,000 to 106,000. Many residents lived in the expanding neighborhoods of Cottage Hill, Cloverdale, and the Garden District.
Civil Rights
March's End When black servicemen returned from fighting fascism and imperialism in World War II, they found that their freedoms were still restricted by segregation, just as they had been for decades. Most public places were segregated, and blacks were relegated to the back of the bus on the city's public transportation. Efforts to make the system more equitable failed, but When black servicemen returned from fighting fascism and imperialism in World War II, they found that their freedoms were still restricted by segregation, just as they had been for decades. Most public places were segregated, and blacks were relegated to the back of the bus on the city's public transportation. Efforts to make the system more equitable failed, but Rosa Parks 's arrest for refusing to give her seat to a white man on December 1, 1955, brought startling change. The event sparked a year-long boycott that in turn sparked larger demonstrations, spearheaded by Montgomery religious and civic leaders Ralph Abernathy Martin Luther King Jr. , and E. D. Nixon , throughout the state for equal justice for blacks. The state capitol served as the culminating point for the Selma to Montgomery March for voting rights in the spring of 1965, and King made one of his greatest speeches there to an estimated 25,000 people. The 1965 Voting Rights Act made a significant impact that paved the way for black registration and participation in the world of politics and government.
Demographics
According to 2016 Census estimates, Montgomery recorded a population of 201,717. Of that number, 59.4 percent identified themselves as African American, 35.0 percent as white, 3.5 percent as Hispanic, 2.4 percent as Asian, 1.7 percent as two or more races, and 0.2 percent as Native American. The city's median household income was $43,440, and per capita income was $25,448.
Employment
Hyundai Factory in Montgomery Montgomery owes much to its role as the seat of Alabama government, with the ever-expanding state bureaucracy and other government jobs providing employment to 22.5 percent of the work force in 2016. Maxwell Air Force Base's Air University employs several thousand people and in all sectors pours more than $1 billion a year into the local economy. Montgomery owes much to its role as the seat of Alabama government, with the ever-expanding state bureaucracy and other government jobs providing employment to 22.5 percent of the work force in 2016. Maxwell Air Force Base's Air University employs several thousand people and in all sectors pours more than $1 billion a year into the local economy. Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama built a factory in Montgomery in 2002 and began full-scale automobile production three years later, and suppliers who manufacture and furnish parts to Hyundai have added to the numbers of employed as well. Tourism and entertainment provide direct employment for more than 8,000, with another 4,000 in related jobs.
According to 2016 Census estimates, the workforce in Montgomery was divided among the following industrial categories:
· Public administration (11.4 percent)
· Retail trade (12.1 percent)
· Arts, entertainment, recreation, accommodation, and food services (11.2 percent)
· Professional, scientific, management, and administrative and waste management services (9.6 percent)
· Manufacturing (11.4 percent)
· Other services, except public administration (5.3 percent)
· Finance, insurance, and real estate, rental, and leasing (6.2 percent)
· Transportation and warehousing and utilities (3.3 percent)
· Construction (3.8 percent)
· Wholesale trade (1.9 percent)
· Information (1.3 percent)
· Agriculture, · Educational services, and health care and social assistance (22.2 percent)· Public administration (11.4 percent)· Retail trade (12.1 percent)· Arts, entertainment, recreation, accommodation, and food services (11.2 percent)· Professional, scientific, management, and administrative and waste management services (9.6 percent)· Manufacturing (11.4 percent)· Other services, except public administration (5.3 percent)· Finance, insurance, and real estate, rental, and leasing (6.2 percent)· Transportation and warehousing and utilities (3.3 percent)· Construction (3.8 percent)· Wholesale trade (1.9 percent)· Information (1.3 percent) forestry , fishing and hunting , and extractive (0.3 percent)
Education
Events and Places of Interest
Williams, Clanton W. The Early History of Montgomery and Incidentally of the State of Alabama. Tuscaloosa: University of Alabama Press, 1976.
Perhaps a little premature, this idea that the end of Facebook is nigh, but certainly the end of the beginning.
The bad news for Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's 27-year-old billionaire creator, is that many people are doing just that. They're using Facebook less, or leaving it altogether – which is known, would you believe it, as “Facebook suicide”. Figures show that 100,000 British users deactivated their accounts during May, reducing the total number to 29.8 million. And six million logged off for good in the United States. What started off as an exclusive online social club at Harvard University has saturated Western society. Now it could be on the way down.
The thing with being rated as a hot growth stock is that when the growth starts to slow you're rated as an ex-hot growth stock.
Facebook is still growing very fast in terms of page views and number of users. But as these new figures show, there does seem to be some sort of limit to that growth. And it's not the number of people on the planet nor the number of hours in the day which is that limit. There really are people who have tried it, tasted it, and gone, umm, no, I don't want that thanks very much.
Which is almost exactly what Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg and the various shareholders wouldn't like people to be finding out as they prepare for next year's mooted IPO. For everyone would like to IPO when still rated as a hot growth stock.
There's a larger issue too, as Felix Salmon has pointed out. Yes, certainly, there really was a Google that came out of the dot com boom. And an Amazon, an e-Bay. But to value every company as if they are the next Google, rather than valuing them all as if one of them might be, is pretty much the definition of a bubble.
And in the social media space perhaps even more so. For we've had a number of companies that were that new Google over the years. Bebo, Friends Reunited, MySpace: all killed by Facebook (or all killed by the one that came after them, Facebook just being the latest).
Who really is willing to bet: well, OK, quite a lot of people actually, but who ought to be willing to bet that there's no one about to come up behind Facebook and do the same all over again?
Quantum of Solace director Marc Foster will not be returning for the 23rd film in the James Bond series.
Actually, Marc Forster has revealed that Daniel Craig convinced him to helm the latest James Bond film. The film-maker had initially turned down the project, claiming he was nervous he would be sucked into the corporate Bond “machine”.
However, he changed his mind after meeting up with 007 Craig.
“I thought: ‘He's really real. There are no bulls**t.' I felt like I wanted to work with this guy. The next thing I knew I was on a plane.”
Forster says he was offered the next one, but declined because he prefers a balance of films.
“They offered me the next one, but at this point the pressure is so intense – it's a year of not having a life. And I don't know if I want to do that again. It's literally not having a life, and I mean that, it's not exaggerated. I feel like life is short, you have to find a balance.”
Although Forster made that statement when asked about returning for another Bond movie, his experience on Quantum of Solace was certainly fantastic.
If that disappoints you, then you won't certainly like the rumors going around claiming that Daniel Craig is thinking about not returning as Bond as well. The actor supposedly won't make a decision until he sees how well Quantum of Solace does.
“Quantum Of Solace” will hit domestic theaters on November 14th 2008.
Intel's decided it can do without VMware's ESXi hypervisor as part of a big upgrade of its private cloud.
Chipzilla's a Platinum Member of the OpenStack Foundation and therefore has a seat on the project's board. The company's also been building an OpenStack private cloud since around 2011, but built a customised virtualisation controller.
Now a white paper (PDF) has appeared on the OpenStack web site in which Intel's plans to re-vamp its private cloud by adopting the OpenStack control plane are revealed. And that plan suggests that ESXi doesn't feature in Chipzilla's future.
VMware and Intel get along very well: the latter cooked up extensions in silicon to help the former. As a result, VMware reckons Intel made more money than it did during the server virtualisation boom.
But the two companies have very different views about OpenStack. VMware thinks it needs to be tamed by vSphere, so that developers don't do crazy things that IT teams have to re-discover. Intel thinks world+dog should go nuts and build clouds on OpenStack.
The paper shows Chipzilla's walking the talk and is planning “... a fully automated architecture that minimizes manual service requests: aiming at instant fulfillment of 90% of service requests.”
“By Phase III, the enterprise private cloud will be heavily based on open standards and open source technologies. Phase III represents the next step in the journey to federated, interoperable, and open hybrid cloud. It will support PaaS, containers and automated hybrid cloud provisioning to maximize scalability, flexibility and value.”
Here's the money shot from the document, showing how all that good stuff above will happen after ESXi disappears in Phase II.
Intel's private cloud road map: ESXi gets dropped off in Phase II
Hybrid cloud provisioning is an interesting element of Intel's private cloud upgrade, as it recognises that some workloads are best suited to the public cloud for performance or financial reasons, but wants IT to act as a broker rather than letting users do the choosing.
What to make of Intel's architectural decisions? ESXi is a first-class hypervisor under OpenStack, but is read-only unless you shell out for other VMware products. While the white paper says Intel's motives for rebuilding its private cloud are about improving automation and building on the US$21m savings it's made since 2011, it looks a lot like booting out ESXi also offers potential savings.
VMware's consistent position is that its software adds lots of value, so it can see off competitors. That logic held as Microsoft challenged it with Hyper-V and has mostly held as OpenStack grew in sophistication. El Reg's virtualisation desk suspects there won't be much panic down VMware way on news of Intel's changes, because OpenStack remains something to be approached with caution and deep pockets. Committed vSphere users would need very compelling reasons to unpick their infrastructure. Intel's OpenStack entanglements are just such a reason and the white paper even mentions its private cloud is a way to give back to the community.
A moment of squirming for VMware, then, rather than a knife-from-back extraction ? ®
Matt blackout
Taming Facebook, Issue 1490
WHILE MPs fume that Mark Zuckerberg refuses to answer their questions face-to-face, transparency campaigners have unearthed one minister who managed to secure an interview with the elusive Facebook boss.
The digital, culture, media and sport committee published its report on “fake news” this week, with chair Damian Collins complaining: “Evidence uncovered… shows he still has questions to answer yet he's continued to duck them, refusing to respond to our invitations directly or sending representatives who don't have the right information.”
Zuckerberg has snubbed Collins's committee multiple times and also declined to attend an international grand committee, with MPs from several countries concerned about his company's practices.
Blacked out
However, during Matt Hancock's brief stint as culture secretary, he achieved a tête-à-tête at a tech conference they were both speaking at in Paris last May. Whether they discussed any of the committee's concerns – from dark ads to data privacy, Cambridge Analytica to foreign interference in elections – isn't public knowledge. The culture department is about as transparent as Facebook and is withholding all details of the meeting.
Campaigners from Spinwatch therefore requested correspondence between Matthew Gould (the department's director-general for digital and media policy) and Facebook's lobbyists regarding the meeting. They received 13 redacted pages – almost entirely blacked out!
The idioms pig in a poke and sell a pup (or buy a pup) refer to a confidence trick originating in the Late Middle Ages, when meat was scarce, but cats and dogs were not.[1][2][3] The scheme entailed the sale of a suckling pig in a poke. The bag, sold unopened, would actually contain a cat or dog, which was substantially less valuable as a source of meat. The French idiom acheter (un) chat en poche (to buy a cat in a bag) refers to an actual sale of this nature, as do many European equivalents, while the English expression refers to the appearance of the trick.[4] This taught many scammed people the phrase "Caveat Emptor", or "buyer beware" as translated from Latin.
Etymology [ edit ]
In the past, it was common for small farmers to put a pig in a cloth sack to bring it to market for sale. A poke is a sack or bag. It has a French origin as poque and, like several other French words, its diminutive is formed by adding -ette or -et — hence pocket began life with the meaning "small bag". Poke is still in use in several English-speaking places, including Scotland and some regions of the United States. For example, among English hop growers, a poke is a large sack into which hops are poured to be taken from the picking machine to the oast for drying.
The full maxim is "don't buy a pig in a poke". This is addressed in the common law by guaranteeing a buyer the right to inspect goods before purchase, as in Gardner v Gray(1815).[5][6]
Relation to other idioms and expressions [ edit ]
The English colloquialisms such as turn out to be a pig in a poke or buy a pig in a poke mean that something is sold or bought without the buyer knowing its true nature or value, especially when buying without inspecting the item beforehand. The phrase can also be applied to accepting an idea or plan without a full understanding of its basis. Similar expressions exist in other European languages, most of them referring to the purchase of a cat in a bag.
Language Phrase Translation Arabic يشتري سمك في ماء ‎ to buy fish in water Bulgarian да купиш котка в торба to buy a cat in a bag Catalan Donar/Prendre gat per llebre to give/to take cat instead of hare Chinese 隔山买老牛 buy a cow over there in another mountain Croatian kupiti mačka u vreći to buy a cat in a sack Czech koupit zajíce v pytli to buy a hare in a sack Danish at købe katten i sækken to buy the cat in the sack Dutch een kat in de zak kopen to buy a cat in the sack Estonian ostma põrsast kotis to buy a piglet in a sack French acheter un chat dans un sac
acheter chat en poche to buy a cat in a bag Finnish ostaa sika säkissä to buy a pig in a sack German Die Katze im Sack kaufen to buy the cat in the sack Greek αγοράζω γουρούνι στο σακκί to buy a pig in a sack Hebrew חתול בשק ‎ cat in a sack Hungarian zsákbamacska cat in a sack Icelandic að kaupa köttinn í sekknum to buy the cat in the sack Indonesian kucing dalam karung cat in a sack Italian comprare a scatola chiusa to buy in a sealed box Irish ceannaigh muc i mála buying a pig in a bag Latvian pirkt kaķi maisā to buy a cat in a sack Lithuanian pirkti katę maiše to buy a cat in a sack Luxembourgish d'Kaz am Sak kafen to buy the cat in a sack Macedonian да купиш мачка во вреќа to buy the cat in the sack Maltese xtara l-ħut fil-baħar to buy fish in the sea Norwegian kjøpe katta i sekken to buy the cat in the sack Polish kupić kota w worku to buy a cat in a sack Portuguese comprar gato por lebre to buy a cat instead of a hare Romanian cumperi mâța în sac to buy the cat in the bag Russian купить кота в мешке to buy a cat in a sack Spanish dar/pasar gato por liebre to give a cat instead of a hare (as food) Serbian купити мачку у џаку to buy a cat in a sack Slovak kúpiť mačku vo vreci to buy a cat in a sack Slovene kupiti mačka v žaklju to buy a cat in a sack Swedish köpa grisen i säcken to buy the pig in the sack Vietnamese mua mèo trong bị to buy a cat in a bag Welsh prynu cath mewn cwd to buy a cat in a bag Zulu ukuthenga ingulube esesakeni to buy a pig in a sack
This trick may be the origin of the expression "letting the cat out of the bag",[7] meaning to reveal that which is secret (if the would-be buyer opened the bag, the trick would be revealed).[4]
Use in popular culture [ edit ]
In the April 1929 edition of the literary magazine London Aphrodite, a story by Rhys Davies, titled "A Pig in a Poke", was published, in which a Welsh collier takes a woman from London for his wife and regrets it.[8] (Boulton 1993: p. 278)
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A combination of hype, release across multiple platforms, and, of course, a good game has led to a very successful launch for Fallout 3. Bethesda has announced that the game has shipped a total of 4.7 million units across the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC. Assuming those units all result in sales, that's a haul of $300 million at retail.
The game launched across various territories at the end of October, though it still has yet to launch in Japan and will not be available in India. Fallout 3 has also seen a significant leap in sales compared to Bethesda's last game, The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion. In fact, the first-week sales of Fallout were 57 percent higher then those of Oblivion.
What's most impressive is that Fallout was able to be so successful in spite of a number of complications with both ratings systems and piracy. Now we'll just wait and see if Bethesda's next game can continue this forward momentum.
Opinion
Most people praising or criticising the government for it are erroneous.
NDTV India, the Hindi channel of the NDTV group could be blacked out for one day on November 9. The allegation against them is that they endangered lives of security personnel and civilians by broadcasting sensitive details about an attack by terrorists on the Indian airbase in Pathankot last January.
The fallout over the impending ban is telling, in some ways even more revelatory than the ban itself. Beyond the noise and roll of drums, there are four strands that emerge. One, banning only one media house when several others are equally guilty of the same type of reporting at this or other times smacks of hypocrisy at best and playing to the galleries at worst. This may also be a way for the government to lessen the heat on itself for not looking into alleged corruption charges against the channel. ‘Look we did something' is probably how that could drift.
Second, the G-37 (same people, same time, same channels) is getting it rather wrong because they are remarkably uniform in their narrow assumption that this is a precedent-setting ban. It is not. No ban resembles another which is why the need for a system is pressing, a system that is robust and protects the rights of journalists as well as that of their employers while respecting India's institutions and its people. More of that in another post.
The third strand which is a corollary of the second, is the ridiculous and rather arrogant position that just because a national network has been pulled up, we are getting the first whiff of an Emergency-like situation. The very people who are crying the Emergency wolf are touring India addressing meetings and seminars on tolerance and intolerance. Yet others advice the government on matters as diverse as policy and media. Stupidity and complicity has rarely been so amply served in recent weeks. This is a dangerous mix.
The fourth piece is perfidious because among the alarmists are media people including some senior journalists and media bodies who can be rather whimsical in choosing to condemn or deciding to ignore problems with the media. I use the word perfidy knowing fully well that it is not uncommon for editors and others to be duplicitous about why news stories are primed, played down or killed. The ban on NDTV India must be called out, but so must the numerous other instances when journalists have even been killed in their line of work.
Back to the ban. If the NDTV India reporter was transmitting privileged information, the question that naturally follows is why were journalists allowed to go to sensitive areas especially when a gun battle was on? How did their transmitting devices and equipment get past security and other checks? If there are holes in the system - and hopefully there's de-briefing on this - why have they not been plugged. I could go on. Journalists will always go where they are not supposed to – this is part of our job. It is the job of the government to lay down rules and ensure their water-tight implementation. New Delhi cannot count on personal wisdom of a reporter to deal with that. I have covered the Bosnian war once from Sarajevo (and was stuck in a curfew and later severely pulled up for inadvertently breaking rules) and once from Zagreb where conditions were not as dangerous but rules were strictly imposed. A guideline is not a rule especially in India where most star journalists are no more than a phone call away from discretionary help and political patrons.
For its part I hope NDTV India will challenge the ban in a court of law. That will be precedent setting and will plough new avenues for journalism in India. It will take time and energy, but if you believe in something you should see it through. We the people of India are looking at a critical principle in a democracy here as well as the role of the fourth estate in securing it. We cannot bring this issue - freedom, rights and responsibilities - from people to person as is currently happening. It concerns us all.
In a parallel world the G 37 would be laughed out of the room, but they are a reality in India and their moveable angst must be addressed. Some of them have been rearing to find reason for survival in recent times and may have found it in the government's self-inflicted floundering. It is no secret that the BJP-led NDA is not flushed with talent, especially when it comes to articulating issues or dealing with the media. I am not talking of fixers or planters of stories. I am speaking of women and men who can engage with the media including the most critical ones in a meaningful way. It is healthy to engage with intelligent adversaries including internal adversaries.
In the absence of a healthy dialogue, we are at the mercy of demagogues on all sides, eager to claw space for themselves. Journalistic integrity is a casualty here. The farce is complete when they respond to their echoes and jump at their own shadows. They believe Delhi is India and anything that happens to a G 37 is national news. L'affaire NDTV India has shown that the government has a faulty and leaky system incapable of taking the most basic decisions even during a terrorist attack when everything should be on highest alert. By hanging people it hangs around with at the expense of a genuine national media dialogue, the government has also opened itself up to mirth and laughter. The Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) has an excellent system to engage with the media - why is this not the best practise top learn from?
In some of his speeches in Hindi, Narendra Modi uses words like chaturyam or samartyam. Chanakya was chatur. Former Indian Prime Minister Narasimha was chatur, and Delhi could not see him for what he was. There is no translation in English for the thought process, actions and sophistication these words imply. Being chatur is neither cunning nor Machiavellian and not even crafty as all of them have a negative connotation. What Modi's not-yet-existent national media and communications office needs is people with chaturyam, not chatterboxes who cannot tell the difference between national security and a television debate.
The Rough Fire burns in the Sequoia National Forest Aug. 13. The fire had burned over 10,000 acres and was expected to grow. Stuart Palley
Wildfires have been ravaging California with terrifying frequency in the midst of its historically terrible drought. The sheer power of these blazes is fearsome, but it can also be bleakly captivating. For more than a year, Stuart Palley, who Eric Holthaus interviewed for Slate in July, has been documenting the fires by day for news organizations and capturing them by night in these mesmerizing photographs.
“I kind of grew up with these fleeting memories of fire around me,” Palley recalls. Palley was raised in Orange County, California, before he left the state for college and grad school. As a kid, Palley remembers occasionally having to leave the area due to fires and heading into the desert because the ash aggravated his asthma. When he returned to his home state and took an apprenticeship with the Orange County Register, Palley found himself around fires once again.
The Rocky Fire burns overnight near the town of Clear Lake, California, in Lake County, California. Hot and dry weather caused the fire to burn actively at night, threatening homes and downing power lines. At least three homes were destroyed. Stuart Palley
The Rocky Fire burns near Clear Lake, California, in Lake County, California. Stuart Palley
“I got sent to a fire by the newspaper out in northern San Diego County,” Palley said. “I got there, and almost within five or 10 minutes of arriving, I'm watching a probably million-dollar home burn to the ground.”
From then on, Palley set out to document wildfires in a new way: His long exposure photos aim to capture not only the powerful destruction these disasters can cause, but also the dark beauty of the process itself. He shoots most of his photos at night, away from urban centers, where there is little to no light pollution and the sky is filled with stars. His exposure is set anywhere from one second to a minute or two, allowing the pictures to display more than what our eyes can take in at one time.
The Rough Fire burns in the Sequoia National Forest, Aug. 13. The fire had burned over 10,000 acres and was expected to grow. Stuart Palley
The Rough Fire burns in Fresno County/the Sequoia National Forest, Aug. 19. The fire burned over 30,000 acres, and was 3 percent contained, forcing the mandatory evacuation of the Hume Lake area. Stuart Palley
“I'm trying to show the magnitude of it, because the fires are burning many more acres than before,” Palley said. He tries to capture the fires' scale in his photographs by shooting large areas like housing developments and mountains. This way, he hopes, he can show just how much area these wildfires can consume—and raise public interest.
“I take this very seriously. Sometimes I risk my life to go shoot these fires,” Palley said. He added later that although he's well-versed in fire behavior, has all the appropriate safety gear, and shoots at night when fires are a bit more moderate, he's always aware of the risks.
“A fire can move faster than you can run. … Sometimes you can't even outrun it in your car. You have to be very, very careful. … You have to weigh the situation against the shot you're trying to get.”
The Lake Fire burns in the San Bernardino National Forest June 18. By evening the fire burned over 10,000 acres and was 5 percent contained. Stuart Palley
The Lake Fire burns in the San Bernardino National Forest June 19. By evening the fire burned over 13,000 acres and was 10 percent contained. Stuart Palley
The Lake Fire burns in San Bernardino County. The fire was over 20,000 acres and 27 percent contained, down from 38 percent containment and smaller acreage the day before. Rim Rock was under a mandatory evacuation and Pioneertown was under a voluntary evacuation Stuart Palley
The Shirley Fire burns at night off of Old State Road near Lake Isabella, California. An Air Attack plane flies overhead in a circular pattern, creating a perfect circle. Stuart Palley
The El Portal Fire burns on a hillside in the Stanislaus National Forest and Yosemite National Park, July 27, 2014. The community of El Portal was under a mandatory evacuation. By two days later the blaze had burned nearly 3,000 acres. The El Portal Fire was the third significant blaze to occur in the park within the past few months. Stuart Palley
Firefighter Dennis Rein at the French Fire on Aug. 1, 2014. Rein served with the Incident Management Team on the French Fire in the Sierra National Forest. Stuart Palley
The Meadow Fire burns at dawn near Half Dome in Yosemite National Park early Sept. 8, 2014. The Meadow Fire was one of four large fires that burned in and around Yosemite National Park during summer 2014. Stuart Palley
Ukraine, labelled the continent's most corrupt state by the European Court of Auditors, needs financial aid from the International Monetary Fund to help stabilise its path out of a dire two-year recession (AFP Photo/Sergei SUPINSKY)
Kiev (AFP) - Ukraine's central bank keeps trying to shut them down but they keep surviving: 'zombie banks' are roiling the impoverished country's financial system through the help of allegedly crooked courts.
The former Soviet republic -- labelled the continent's most corrupt state by the European Court of Auditors on Wednesday -- needs financial aid from the International Monetary Fund to help stabilise its path out of a dire two-year recession.
But one of the IMF's main demands for more lending under its $17.5-billion (16.2-billion-euro) programme is for Ukraine to shutter troubled banks whose assets are smaller than their bad loans and therefore need government help to stay open.
That is what the National Bank of Ukraine (NBU) has been trying to do -- with varying success.
- 'Nothing but garbage' -
A somewhat exacerbated director of the NBU's legal department said that owners targeted by Ukraine's main financial institution keep finding ways to stay afloat.
Oleg Zamorsky said nine banks ordered to cease operations by the NBU were resurrected by the courts by early December.
An earlier central bank stress test found that 28 of 39 lenders checked lacked the required cash on hand to survive another potential economic crisis.
"The justice system is being used by bank owners that have been removed from the financial system for their own personal gain," the NBU's Zamorsky said in a statement issued on Wednesday.
"This, in turn, scuttles our efforts to make the Ukrainian banking system healthy and to clean up the sector from zombie banks and banks that are nothing but garbage."
He added that the disputed court rulings created a threat to Ukraine's entire financial sector and were a danger to people who put their lives savings in such banks.
There was no immediate response from the nine lenders mentioned by Zamorsky or the courts involved.
But the IMF concluded its latest mission to Kiev last month without agreeing the terms or the timeframe for a new loan.
"While good progress has been made, the authorities need some more time to implement policies to ensure medium-term fiscal sustainability... safeguard financial stability, and tackle corruption," the IMF team said on November 11.
Ukraine's economy is on course to grow by about one percent this year after having contracted by about 17 percent in 2014-15.
Much of that nosedive was attributed to a collapse in production and a flight for safety by foreign investors frightened by the 31-month pro-Russian separatist conflict in the east that has claimed nearly 10,000 lives.
- The Biggest bank's bad loans -
Yet there could be an even larger threat looming: the country's biggest lender might just be headed under.
PrivatBank accounts for one in three bank accounts in Ukraine and even has branches in the Baltic states.
The bank is owned by Igor Kolomoyskiy -- a politically powerful billionaire who became an early target of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's uphill fight against corruption.
The problem for the tycoon is that his bank has been rumoured to be the target for a state takeover because of Ukraine's need to fill its coffers. It has also been the subject of local media reports that it issued loans to select insiders that may never be repaid.
That talk alone saw the value of PrivatBank's bonds fall by nearly 50 percent in late November.
The NBU wants Kolomoyskiy to refinance his bank with billions of dollars if he wants to keep it.
Kiev's International Institute of Business chief Oleksandr Savchenko told the Kyiv Post English-language weekly that Ukraine's banking system would be left in tatters were PrivatBank to close.
"Other banks would not be getting their loans back from PrivatBank, a series of bankruptcies would begin, and there would be panic," Savchenko was quoted as saying.
"Re-launching the system would take around one or two months; the loss to GDP would be around two to three percent."
I had high hopes for G+. Years ago when the dust started to settle and we could see who was left standing I did my very best to squint and hope I was not seeing how things played out.
I was in Japan, so I had to listen to how and why Mixi was better than anything the United States had (Which is ironic, go look who owns Mixi now), and I was making plans for a few months I would be in Chengdu & Beijing. What that meant, was that I had to hear about QQ, Weibo, Taobao, Baidu, Chairman Mao, 1.3 (or 1.4) Billion people and 5,000 years of recorded history and achievement…in comparison to a few hundred for the United States. I don't know why, but they always smiled when they told me that, it was weird.
So, because I was in a marketing department at the time, I took a little initiative and did my due diligence so I could at least give the illusion of making an informed decision. In all honesty, all of these are wonderful, so I mean no offense..
Facebook was too social for me.
&
Twitter looked like ADHD + Crystal Meth
To be honest, I don't think G+ ever got close to being a Facebook wannabe.
G+ was way more confusing than it needed to be. It's really so confusing that it's hard to imagine that it accidentally became confusing, because being that confusing takes some effort and planning.
To me, this is like when people sit around looking at each other, and nobody wants to be the bad guy and point out that someone in the room forgot to put their pants on. Everyone just shakes their heads with confused faces while staring at the wall or ceiling. I have several G+ emails from when I was setting up various business pages and needed to contact G+ support with a few questions. I sometimes had to correct them when they told me to “Open Google Video”,
I have other Q&A's with G+ customer support, where I asked them about the requirements for obtaining a custom or vanity URL. I posted on Digitalpoint exactly what the G+ CS said without really thinking, and a moderator on DP told me that ding what the G+ CS said could be considered a violation of the Google Webmaster Guidelines, so I quickly reversed course on that.
This is one of a few conversations with G+ CS.[1]
I have never once had to contact customer support….for any other social media services, only G+. The momentum they had is mind-blowing to think about.[2]
I really loved thinking that I had a ticket around the “social” part of social media with G+. It's fun to listen or read when Matt Cutts explains just how left-brained Google is. The underscores are interesting, the reasoning of why the underscores vs dashes is so simple. That is what I loved to expect from them, because I always knew these guys & gals had a NO-BS route to awesome, I just wish they would have put G+ on those same train tracks.
So, as it stands social media is changing so many things….
Footnotes
[1] G+ CS for Businesses & Organizations
[2] It's like swimming, the first one out and back wins.
He was recently promoted to ‘Vice President Products & Programs – Tesla Energy' as the company is ramping up its effort in stationary energy storage. Around the same time that Tesla promoted Jaramillo, the company also hired Trinasolar's President of Europe and Africa, Ben Hill, to lead its energy division in same the markets.
Jaramillo gave a presentation this week about Tesla's effort in the energy storage industry. He described Tesla as a “system developer for batteries” – meaning that its core business is to develop and utilize battery and battery management technologies for different system applications – whether it'd be for electric vehicles or stationary energy storage.
After launching the Tesla Energy division, home energy storage went somewhat viral and Tesla received over 38,000 “reservations” for the Powerwall, its home battery pack, but Tesla also launched the Powerpack, which will represent the vast majority of Tesla Energy's business.
The Powerpack is a scalable 100 kWh battery packs for commercial and utility-scale projects. Tesla already inked a few Powerpack deals including a project with 3 high schools in San Diego and a 500 MWh supply agreement with Advanced Microgrid Solutions.
During his presentation, Jaramillo highlighted the need for collaboration with electric utility companies to develop these projects and that Tesla already has connections with these companies due to its Supercharger network, which Jaramillo actually oversaw at the beginning of the effort and was responsible for the first 200 site acquisitions in America and Europe.
He also talked about opportunities with microgrids in emerging markets, especially in Africa where Tesla is rumoured to be in talks to build a new battery factory:
“We see very big opportunities in microgrids in emerging markets.We have already started up our efforts in Africa. In fact, we have an effort currently underway in South Africa and we will use that as sort of launching pad for the rest of the continent.”
Here's Jaramillo's PowerPoint presentation and below you'll find the audio via Youtube:
Science Channel announced Thursday a new series chronicling the modern-day space race among private entrepreneurs.
Partnering with actor-producer Morgan Freeman, the network has greenlit New Race for Space. The three-part series will look at entrepreneurs seeking to embark on various ventures beyond Earth, from backyard dreamers to well-funded moguls like SpaceX founder Elon Musk, Virgin Galactic's Richard Branson and sci-fi filmmaker James Cameron.
“It's been almost 45 years since we landed on the moon, since we were really excited about going out into space, and I've always thought it was a mistake not to continue that exploration,” executive producer Freeman told EW. “I'm personally excited that we now have entrepreneurs who are interested in doing this.”
New Race For Space, from Revelations Entertainment, follows up on the previous Science Channel series Though the Wormhole with Morgan Freeman.
“We sat down awhile ago and had a discussion about how to make the universe entertaining and bring a wider audience into Science and they did that with Through the Wormhole — and Morgan knocked it out of the park,” said Debbie Adler Myers, general manager and executive vp of Science Channel. “We are witnessing the dawn of the next generation in the space race – one that resembles the Wild West more than the Right Stuff.”
And if given the opportunity from one of these private companies, would Freeman ride the rocket?
“Me, go out into deep space? Yeah. Given the opportunity I would,” Freeman said. “One of the major moments during the moon landing was being able to see the Earth rise. Imagine being able to see that for real? I'm looking down on Central Park right now in New York. It's like a moving painting. Imagine seeing the planet itself — ‘Wow, that's where we live, that's all there is.'”
New Race for Space will debut on Science next year.
OUR LIVES ARE NOT YOUR SPECTACLE!
Last week an Ohio Police Department posted photos on social media of two people in the midst of an apparent opioid overdose in their car. The identities of the people were not blurred and according to police reports one of the individuals' head was “bobbing back and forth” and the other was “turning blue.”
The police officers chose to take photos and share them to social media in an effort to publicly shame the two individuals. The images were then picked up by a large number of media outlets who helped spread the photos in a viral click-bait frenzy. Harm Reduction Coalition condemns this deplorable act of public shaming, violation of privacy and stigmatizing of people who use drugs. In the words of journalist Maia Szalavitz, quoted in The Verge,
“We would never do anything like that to somebody who just had a heart attack, or somebody who just had a suicide attempt, or any other medical condition.”
As Sarah Beller notes in The Influence,
“In a place where everyone knows someone, or knows someone who knows someone, who has died of an overdose, heroin hardly needs to be further demonized…. By violating the privacy of all the people in the photo, the police contributed to the stigma that puts heroin users at greater risk.”
Harm Reduction Coalition stands against the shaming of people who use drugs. We ask you to stand in solidarity with people who use drugs and download a banner below to share on social media with the hashtag #againstshame. Together we can reject the culture of shaming and affirm the dignity and humanity of people who use drugs.
Download banner to share on social media.
(Photo credit: Michael Stewart/Getty Images)
Lindsay Lohan has checked out of the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, Calif., according to her lawyer, after beginning her court-mandated, three-month rehab stint at the facility last month.
"Lindsay is grateful for the treatment she received at the Betty Ford Center," her lawyer, Shawn Holley, told ABC News in a prepared statement. "She has completed her course of treatment there and looks forward to continuing her treatment and building on the foundation established at Betty Ford."
In March, Lohan, 26, pleaded no contest to lying to police and reckless driving stemming from a 2012 car accident in Santa Monica, Calif. She accepted a plea deal that involved three months of rehab, 30 days of community labor, a fine and 18 months of psychological counseling.
To complete her mandatory rehab sentence, Lohan has reportedly checked into another rehab facility in Malibu, Calif., a source told People magazine, that is "better suited for long-term care."
If you like games that are lacking in storyline and all about the hack-and-slash, button bashing carnage, then this is the game for you! Departing from the common first person view, this game stays loyal to it's roots and provides an aerial view of combat. It has a good range of playable character types, meaning that you can go through the game on a few runs and have a pretty different experience with each. If you like to play multiplayer, this game allows you to have up to four players on the same screen at once. You can either connect together remotely or off the same device. What is particularly nice is that the amount of enemies goes up if there are more of you, but it can mean that the fighting can get a bit confusing!
Overall, great game, definitely a nostalgic feel, and worth the purchase!
The poet Tibullus first described Rome as "The Eternal City" in the first century BC, and that evocative nickname has stuck over the thousands of years since. Or rather, he would have called it "Urbs Aeterna," which for Italian-speakers would have been "La Città Eterna," but regardless of which language you prefer it in, it throws down a daunting challenge before any historian of Rome. Each scholar has had to find their own way of approaching such a historically formidable place, and few have built up such a robust visual record as Rodolfo Lanciani, 4000 items from whose collection became available to view online this year, thanks to Stanford Libraries.
As an "archaeologist, professor of topography, and secretary of the Archaeological Commission," says the collection's about page, Lanciani, "was a pioneer in the systematic, modern study of the city of Rome."
Having lived from 1845 to 1929 with a long and fruitful career to match, he "collected a vast archive of his own notes and manuscripts, as well as works by others including rare prints and original drawings by artists and architects stretching back to the sixteenth century." After he died, his whole library found a buyer in the Istituto Nazionale di Archeologia e Storia dell'Arte (INASA), which made it available to researchers at the 15th-century Palazzo Venezia in Rome.
Enter a team of professors, archaeologists, and technologists from Stanford and elsewhere, who with a grant from the Samuel H. Kress Foundation, and in partnership with Italy's Ministry of Cultural Heritage and Activities and Tourism and the National Institute, began digitizing it all. Their efforts have so far yielded an exhibition of about 4,000 of Lanciani's drawings, prints, photographs and sketches of Rome from the 16th century to the 20th. Not only can you examine them in high-resolution in your browser as well as download them, you can also see the locations of what they depict pinpointed on the map of Rome. That feature might come in especially handy when next you pay a visit to The Eternal City, though for many of the features depicted in Lanciani's collection, you hardly need directions. Enter the digital collection here.
via Stanford News
Related Content:
The History of Rome in 179 Podcasts
Ancient Rome's System of Roads Visualized in the Style of Modern Subway Maps
How Did the Romans Make Concrete That Lasts Longer Than Modern Concrete? The Mystery Finally Solved
Based in Seoul, Colin Marshall writes and broadcasts on cities and culture. His projects include the book The Stateless City: a Walk through 21st-Century Los Angeles and the video series The City in Cinema. Follow him on Twitter at @colinmarshall or on Facebook.
Over 150 evangelical leaders endorsed a “Christian manifesto” on Tuesday condemning same-sex marriage, premarital sex, and transgender people as “immoral.”
Known as the “Nashville Statement,” the document was released by The Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, which was founded in 1987 to “defend” religious people from the scourge of “secular feminism.” President Denny Burk claims in a statement that the manifesto's intent is to clear up “some of the most basic questions of our humanity,” namely when it comes to gender identity and sexuality.
“The aim of the Nashville Statement is to shine a light into the darknessto declare the goodness of God's design in our sexuality and in creating us as male and female,” Burk says.
The 14-point document, which is intended to inform doctrine at evangelical churches across the United States, begins by stating that marriage is solely between “one man and one woman.” It adds that Biblical unions are designed to be “procreative” and “signify the covenant love between Christ and his bride the church.”
“We deny that God has designed marriage to be a homosexual, polygamous, or polyamorous relationship,” the manifesto reads.
One of the most controversial aspects of the Nashville Statement is its position on trans identity, enumerated in the fifth point. The document claims that “the differences between male and female reproductive structures are integral to God's design for self-conception as male or female.”
The manifesto adds that being transgender or queer is a “departure from Christian faithfulness” and not a topic on which “otherwise faithful Christian should agree to disagree.”
The Nashville Statement was a signed by a murderer's row of conservative evangelical leaders. Signatories included Focus on the Family Founder James Dobson and Family Research Council President Tony Perkins, the Trump advisor who repeatedly pushed the president to block trans people from military service.
That ban, signed last Friday, is set take effect in March.
Even aside from the White House's squabble over trans people in the military, the statement's release was poorly timed. Just days before the statement was sent out to churches across the country, Houston was pounded by a Category 4 hurricane. The damage from Hurricane Harvey has left 22 people dead. Estimates suggest that more than 450,000 people will require FEMA relief in the wake of the historic storm.
Right-wing leaders have responded by denying shelter to hurricane victims and blaming the natural disaster on LGBTQ people.
Joel Osteen, senior pastor of Houston's Lakewood Church, reportedly turned away community residents seeking shelter after their homes were damaged in Hurricane Harvey. The church would begin accepting flood refugees following public pressure. Dismissing the impact of climate change, conservative talking head Ann Coulter claimed that the storm was “God's punishment for Houston electing a lesbian mayor.” (Annise Parker left office in 2016.)
Notable LGBTQ figures likeDeray MckessonandRoxane Gayhave called out the “hypocrisy” of the Nashville Statement, and the city's mayor,Megan Barry, claimed it “does not represent” Nashville's values.
But its authors have stood firm.
“It speaks with forthright clarity, biblical conviction, gospel compassion, cultural relevance, and practical helpfulness,” claims John Piper, co-founder of The Council on Biblical Manhood and Womanhood, in a statement. “It will prove to be, I believe, enormously helpful for thousands of pastors and leaders hoping to give wise, biblical, and gracious guidance to their people.”
Burk adds that the manifesto is a “line in the sand.”
“Anyone who persistently rejects God's revelation about sexual holiness and virtue is rejecting Christianity altogether, even if they claim otherwise,” he says.
A9.com is a subsidiary of Amazon that develops search engine and search advertising technology. A9 is based in Palo Alto, California, with teams in Bangalore, Beijing, Dublin, Iași, Munich and Tokyo. A9 has development efforts in areas of product search, cloud search, visual search, augmented reality, advertising technology and community question answering.
History [ edit ]
A9 was created by Amazon.com in 2003 as an independent company aimed at producing technology for search and advertising. They moved into the building previously used by the DEC Systems Research Center in Palo Alto, California. One purpose of A9.com was to leverage algorithms, and the name was chosen as a numeronym to represent that word (i.e. 'A' + 9 other letters). The office was in Silicon Valley, near Stanford University.[1] Under the direction of its first president, Udi Manber, A9 focused on several areas, including the A9.com destination website, product search, and a search advertising platform. Some early A9 services such as "search inside the book" continued, while others have been discontinued. The A9 search engine powers product search for Amazon.com and several other eCommerce retailers.
In February 2006, Manber was replaced by David L. Tennenhouse as president.[2] In September 2006, William Stasior, one of A9's founders and a former AltaVista and Amazon.com executive, was named president. In June 2009, A9 acquired SnapTell, which developed smartphone-based visual search applications.[3]
Stasior left in October 2012 to join Apple Inc. and work on Siri.[4] Brian Pinkerton, who had developed WebCrawler in the 1990s, became general manager of A9 in 2012.[5][6]
Past projects [ edit ]
A9.com search portal [ edit ]
A9.com originally operated a search portal, along with an A9 toolbar, which was first demonstrated on April 14, 2004.[7] The service featured some innovative design elements, allowing users to choose from over 400 sources to search and view results in separate columns grouped by source. In addition to web search results, users could get product search results from Amazon, encyclopedia results from Wikipedia, movie information from IMDb, and others, starting in September 2004.[8] Web search results were provided by different search engines over time. The search portal functionality was discontinued in 2008.
Open Search [ edit ]
A9 developed a protocol called OpenSearch that enabled the "plug-in" search source functionality from the A9.com portal. The original specification, OpenSearch 1.0, was released in March 2005. A9 made the protocol freely available through a Creative Commons license. OpenSearch is now[when?] maintained by the OpenSearch.org community.
BlockView [ edit ]
A9 developed the first service that allowed users of maps and "yellow pages" (a telephone directory) to view buildings at street level. Called BlockView, the service was announced in January 2005.[9] Within a year, the service included images for 24 US cities. Both BlockView and maps (as well as support for the A9 tool bar) were discontinued in September 2006.[10]
Clickriver [ edit ]
In November 2006, A9 announced Clickriver, an advertising program that let third parties place advertisements on Amazon.com pages.[11] Clickriver focused primarily on products and services that complemented Amazon's own offerings. For example, if a customer viewed a television on Amazon, a Clickriver ad might offer installation services in his or her local area. Clickriver was discontinued in 2010, replaced by other Amazon advertising programs.
Community question answering [ edit ]
A9 operated Askville, a community-based question-and-answer site first tested in December 2006. Service began in November 2007.[12] Compared with other question-and-answer sites, Askville focused more on social interaction, allowing users to follow other users as well as track specific topics. On October 25, 2013, Askville was shut down.[13]
Cloud search [ edit ]
CloudSearch is a managed Amazon Web Services service that makes client data searchable.[14] For example, a business that wanted to allow customers to search their catalog could upload the catalog entries to CloudSearch and then route search requests from their application or web site to the service. CloudSearch instances could be brought online as data or traffic volume demanded. Sites using CloudSearch included SmugMug,[15] and Sage Bionetworks.[16]
In March 2014, Amazon moved away from using A9 for CloudSearch to technology based on Apache Solr.[17][18]
Recent projects [ edit ]
Product search [ edit ]
A9 continued to develop and operate the service that provides search on all nine Amazon.com sites, as well as other retail sites owned by Amazon such as Endless.com, Javari.de, and Audible.com. In addition, A9 search is also used by other retailers, such as Marks & Spencer,[19] that license the Amazon retail platform for their online presence.
A9 provided the "search inside the book" capability for Amazon.[20] Announced in 2003, this service allows customers to search through the full text of hundreds of thousands of books. This feature is available both for searching individual books and for the entire book catalog. [21]
Visual search [ edit ]
The visual search group at A9 created mobile applications that recognize objects and allow users to find these products on Amazon.com. Their first augmented reality app, Flow, provided both object and barcode recognition. It was released in 2011.[22][23]
A9 visual search technology powers features to let customers search for certain products (such as shoes) by shape, and find visually similar items on Amazon.com, Zappos.com, Endless.com, and other retail sites.[citation needed]
Advertising technology [ edit ]
A9's advertising technology group began delivering sponsored link advertisements on the Amazon.com retail Web site in 2003 and continued to manage this program for Amazon properties. A9 also invests in display advertising technology, including technology for Amazon's ad-supported e-reader, the Kindle with special offers.[citation needed]
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) — A busy Friday night of shopping at Macy's in Herald Square was interrupted by blaring fire alarms. A basement fire at the flagship store forced everyone to evacuate.
And as CBS 2's Tracee Carrasco reported, the situation could have been a lot worse.
CBS 2 obtained a cellphone video that shows confusion and chaos as shoppers were met with heavy smoke as the FDNY evacuated the building.
“I was eating, I was shopping. Everything broke loose,” shopper Biro Marius said.
“Everyone was carrying on as normal and then smoke started rising up. Twenty or 30 trucks showed up,” Frasier Smith added.
The blocks surrounding the flagship store on 34th Street were blocked off. Officials said a small mechanical fire in the basement got into the vents, and filled the iconic building with smoke. The cause of the fire was not immediately known, fire officials said.
While injuries were not reported, the evacuation and smoke made for a frightening evening for some tourists.
“I was scared. I was at the last floor, and fire rises up,” one person said.
The well-known department store occupies more than 1 million square feet of retail space.
Check Out These Other Stories From CBSNewYork.com:
In 1912 in a sleepy town in Iowa (population around 2k), someone took an axe to a family of six and their two house guests. A hundred years later the case remains unsolved. No one knows who murdered these people or why, or even how all the people (save one, maybe) remained asleep while other people in the house were bludgeoned with an axe.
Now the house is reportedly super haunted and since you can stay at the house and do your own ghost hunt, and I heard a particularly terrifying recording of an EVP on this radio show. Warning: it is not for the faint of heart.
Spontaneous human combustion is a phenomenon where you could go up in flames suddenly. Like, right now. With no cause (hence, ‘spontaneous').
Example:
Henry Thomas, a 73-year-old man, was found burned to death in the living room of his council house on the Rassau council estate in Ebbw Vale, south Wales, in 1980. His entire body was incinerated, leaving only his skull and a portion of each leg below the knee. The feet and legs were still clothed in socks and trousers. Half of the chair in which he had been sitting was also destroyed. Police forensic officers decided that the incineration of Thomas was due to the wick effect. His death was ruled ‘death by burning', as he had plainly inhaled the contents of his own combustion.
No thanks.
Bloop is an extremely low-frequency and extremely loud noise heard in the ocean. It sounds like a noise an animal would make, but it does not match the sounds of any known animal, AND the volume is way louder than the loudest known animal (the blue whale).
Here's a journalist paraphrasing Dr. Christopher Fox who works for the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration talking about the Bloop:
Fox's hunch is that the sound nicknamed Bloop is the most likely to come from some sort of animal, because its signature is a rapid variation in frequency similar to that of sounds known to be made by marine beasts. There's one crucial difference, however: in 1997 Bloop was detected by sensors up to 4800 kilometres apart. That means it must be far louder than any whale noise, or any other animal noise for that matter. Is it even remotely possible that some creature bigger than any whale is lurking in the ocean depths? Or, perhaps more likely, something that is much more efficient at making sound?
Other scientists believe the sound is made by icebergs, but come on, listen to the audio above. It's totally an extremely large, secret ocean monster.
"How was camping with Ruby?"
It was an innocent question with a far too non-innocent tone accompanying it. Not that I would expect less from Yang.
"It was quite fun." Blake merely replied.
If there was one thing Blake had learned to do when talking to Yang and really didn't want to be teased, was to keep it short. Limit the amount of ammunition that Yang had to throw back at her.
The blonde was having none of it, however. "Sooo what'd you two do for three days?" Yang glanced down at her cards before looking back up. "There isn't a whole lot out there after all. You're turned." Yang put a card face down before focusing her gaze on Blake's hand.
"Stargazing." It WAS the reason for the camping trip after all. "Ruby promised to show me what the stars looked like at night during the break." Blake did a few moves before ending her turn.
"Aww, I liked that card." The blonde discarded it before starting her turn. "Haven't you seen the stars before? It's not like they are going anywhere…"
"I… not really?" Blake gave a small shrug. "I guess I never really took the time to look at them, y'know?" The memory of both nights were engraved into her mind's eye; the twinkling points out in the sky, Ruby and her sharing a sleeping bag. "It was just… really nice."
"Well it sounds like you had fun." Yang favoured her with a genuine smile only for it to morph into a cheeky one that gave cause for concern. Yang flipped over her card eliciting a groan from Blake. "I do believe, my dear partner, that you are dead."
"Best nine out of fifteen?"
"As much as I'd like to keep kicking your butt, Zwei needs to go for a walk." Blake groaned. As much as she liked staying in Yang and Ruby's house, the dog was the one thing she couldn't stand, with its beady little eyes and deceive-
"Remnant to Blake, are you there?" A hand was waving in front of her face brought Blake back to the present.
"Sure."
"How come you don't like dogs?"
"I just don't." Blake could hear the unasked question. Might as well nip it in the bud. "No, it's not because I'm a feline Faunus."
"Oh. Well if you say so." The two continued their walk, Blake lagging slightly behind Yang and Zwei. Minutes passed. "So what'd you guys do during the day?"
"Hm?" Blake thought for a moment. "Remember that time Ruby tried to use Gambol Shroud?"
"Yup!" Yang suppressed her snickering. "I still got pictures of it too! Wanna see?" The blonde didn't give Blake a chance to say anything before tossing her scroll at her, the pictures already pulled up.
Blake fought off a blush as she looked at the picture of her and Ruby caught in the ribbon's hold together. A repeat happened during the camping trip, not that Blake was complaining. It had been an excuse to be close to Ruby after all. "Yang, why do you still have these?"
Yang pouted. "Because you two looked cute, that's why." She shook her head, her long yellow mane swishing. "But enough of that, what does that have to do with camping?" Lilac eyes looked questioningly at her own amber ones.
"Ruby wanted to learn how to use Gambol Shroud properly." Blake shrugged. "So I taught her."
"Aww that's so cute!" The big sister within Yang had clearly taken over. "Rubes really does love her weapons. I tried to show her how to use Ember Celica… but they sent her flying heh heh heh…" Blake could just imagine the force from the gauntlets sending the teen flying, Ruby is pretty light in all fairness. Not that I would know from her sleeping on top of me, nope.
Blake found herself going through the photos as the two walked in silence, the occasional bark from Zwei being the only noise. These are actually kinda… cute. It was nice to see evidence that she had friends, even if it was because her partner was holding it as blackmail material. Probably.
"You like Ruby a lot don't you?"
"Huh?" Act natural Blake, be a cool cat. If Blake wasn't trying to act natural, she would have groaned at her own pun. "Ruby is a good friend and team leader, yes."
"I think it goes a bit beyond being a friend." When Blake raised an eyebrow to that, Yang pointed to the scroll. "You've been staring at it for like… a minute."
Deny everything. "No I haven't, it's only been a couple of sec-"
"Your face is redder than Ruby's cape."
"…"
"Am I that obvious?"
"To me, yeah you are."
The two walked in silence, a very awkward silence air to it compared to before. "I know it's between you and Ruby, so I really don't have a say with it but…" Yang's voice took on a tone that Blake seldom heard directed at her. "If you two like each other, go for it."
"Thanks. It means a lot to me." Blake breathed a sigh of relief; this is going better than expected. "I don't know if Ruby feels the same about me…"
"I think she does."
There was no hesitation in Yang's voice when she responded, no uncertainty. No hint of deception. That sent Blake's mind into a whirlwind. "I've known Ruby since she was born…" Yang stopped walking, turning around to look at Blake, lilac eyes focusing on her again. "I know Ruby pretty well Blake, she likes you too."
Blake couldn't think of what to say, or was there anything even to say to that? When it was clear Blake was at a loss for words, Yang continued. "I'm not saying that you should ask her out right now or anything, or even that it'd be a smart thing to do… just that Ruby cares for you. She really does."
"I just don't want to ruin what we have." Blake replied in a small voice. The thought of losing what she had now was terrifying. "I'm happy with how it is now, having a team and friends." Blake looked down at her feet. "With being friends with Ruby."
Blake felt herself pulled into a gentle hug, unlike the normal bone shattering ones that Yang gave. "Then forget I said anything… Just know that if anything does happen, I'll be happy for you both." With that, Yang went on as if nothing had happened.
Yet the idea persisted in Blake's head as the day went on.
Ruby feels the same about me.
AU: What? You thought Yang was going to be disapproving or something? Nah, she is all for it if it happens. Blake is just a scared kitty cat when it comes to change. It's always been bad for her in the past.
Yang is a big nut when it comes to board games and cards for that matter in my head, hence the card game haha.
SO HOW ABOUT THAT EPISODE?! Yes, I did see it, it was quite good! I do have the sponsorship. I'm not spoiling anything but I have to say the animation has improved immensely compared to the first volume and even the second.
For those who read Acceptance; it should be done on time! My editor and I are hard at work on it! :P I might try and do a Spoon Equality chapter tomorrow as well. Might being the keyword!
Anywho, have a great day everyone and thanks for reading! :D
Sasha Fletcher
Every morning I look up at the moon and I think
You are a kiddie-pool and I will drown in you.
I think about field trips and cold cuts.
I think about dividends and other words
I dont understand. I make five hundred
lunches in advance. I want to be prepared.
I want new shoes. I want them to be waterproof
and unforgettable. I want the kind of resume
that takes home all the prizes and a salary
commensurate with thunderstorms. I want to believe
that there are people in this world
whose lives are the size of houses and their bills
are paid on time and when they see birds in the sky they think
thats a nice thing to see. In my free time I clip coupons
and put them in my wallet where I forget
to redeem them and this gnaws at me
day in and day out and when I close my eyes
I can feel my heart and it is trembling.
Drawing Blood from a Stone
dpa/Actionplus Messi (front row, second from left) at age 5 and his father (top row, right), with the children's football team of club Grandoli.
Beyond the lack of visible acknowledgement, we soon found something more bitter than mere ambivalence. Late one night, walking back from dinner on Pellegrini Avenue, the town's vibrant restaurant row, Paul and I ducked into a dark, dimly lit pool hall. Everyone looked up for a moment, checking us out. The walls were bare, cigarette-stained, chipped plaster. Smoke hung in the air. A battered espresso machine hissed. No music played. Old men circled the billiards tables, while others sat in small groups, holding cards, fingering dominos. Two thick-ankled women talked with the bartender. One of them wagged her finger at a guy shooting pool. Later, he'd tell us he worked in America for the mob, once moving 16 kilos of cocaine up the eastern seaboard in a car. In some detail, he described what it's like to have your fingernails ripped out with pliers. Paul, ignoring my signals to shut his damn mouth, asked if he's ever killed anyone, and he said no. Then he winked. We ordered a few liters of beer, shot a game of pool and brought up Messi to the old man serving our drinks.
"He hasn't won anything for Argentina," he said.
Just as we saw little of him in Rosario, many of its citizens see little of him in themselves. Messi is as unknown to the people of his hometown as he is to me, sitting in my office watching his famous goal against Getafe over and over on youtube. They don't understand how he plays, or how he acts, and they don't see a clean cause and effect, no X+Y=Z, that would explain either. Diego Maradona, they get. He grew up violently poor, in a slum named Villa Fiorito. His entire life was a fight to escape the facts of his own birth, and when he succeeds, and even when he fails, his countrymen recognize his struggle. They understand the wellspring of his talent and his demons. Everything Maradona has ever done can be explained by the rough streets of Fiorito.
Messi, now 25, plays like no one they've ever seen. His talent can't be easily explained by biography: a middle-class kid from a stable and ordinary family. Until he became a superstar for Barcelona, seemingly overnight, most people in his hometown had never heard his name. His greatest accomplishments in Rosario came for a youth team. They lost one game in the four years they played together. In the small world of people who follow local children's sports, they became known as The Machine of '87, after the year they were all born.
There was a problem, though, an ocean separating potential and realization. When Messi was 9, he stopped growing. Doctors discovered a hormone deficiency and put him on a regimen of daily injections, which he gave himself, carrying around a little cooler when he went to play with friends.
"Will I grow?" a teary Messi asked.
"You will be taller than Maradona," his doctor, Diego Schwarsztein, told him. "I don't know if you will be better, but you will be taller."
His soccer club, the local professional powerhouse Newell's Old Boys, agreed to help pay for the drugs, but, as costs mounted, it eventually stopped. Frustrated, his father found someone who would pay: Barça. So when Leo was 13, after The Machine of '87 won its final championship, he and his dad, Jorge, moved to Spain. Before Messi left he stopped into his doctor's office to say goodbye. Schwarsztein wished him luck and Messi handed him his Newell's jersey, tiny, with the number nine on the back. He autographed it, then rode with his father to the Buenos Aires airport, trading his old comfortable life for an unknown new one.
His mother ultimately stayed behind with his siblings, dividing the family, and Messi, always shy, struggled. When he cried, which was often, he hid. He didn't want his father to see. His whole family revolved around his future; Barça even agreed to employ Jorge while Leo trained at the club's famous youth academy. He went to class, reluctantly, but really he was a professional athlete by the age of 13. Four years passed. During this time of loneliness, when he was a child supporting his family, he changed from Lionel into ... Messi. He grew. Schwarsztein was right. Maradona is 5-foot-5. Messi is 5-foot-7. The next time people in Rosario heard his name, he was a star. "It is difficult to be a hero in your own city," explained Marcelo Ramirez, a family friend and radio host who showed us text messages from Messi. "He didn't grow up here. It's like he lost contact with the people. He is a more international figure than a Rosarino."
The Argentine national team coaches found out about him through a videotape, and the first time they sent him an invitation to join the squad, they addressed it to "Leonel Mecci." In the 2006 and 2010 World Cups, playing outside the familiar Barcelona system, he struggled, at least in the expectant eyes of his countrymen. His coaches and teammates didn't understand the aloof Messi, who once went to a team-building barbecue and never said a word, not even to ask for meat. The people from Argentina thought he was Spanish, and in the cafes and pool halls, they wondered why he always won championships for Barcelona but never for his own country. They raged when he didn't sing the national anthem before games. In Barcelona, Messi inspired the same reaction. People noticed he didn't speak Catalan and protected his Rosarino accent. He bought meat from an Argentine butcher and ate in Argentine restaurants. "Barcelona is not his place in the world," influential Spanish soccer editor Aitor Lagunas wrote in an e-mail. "It's a kind of laboral emigrant with an undisguised homesick feeling."
In many ways, he is a man without a country.
"He is fully Argentine in Barcelona but not completely one in Buenos Aires, since he came to Spain as a child," continued Lagunas, whose magazine Panenka devoted an entire issue to exploring Messi and Rosario, "and the contrast between his amazing games with Barça and the not-so-good with his national team also helps this strange vision of the Argentine people. Unlike Maradona, who shows an ultra-typical Argentine personality, Argentine people find it difficult to recognize themselves in this little, shy, introverted, silent boy."
Messi never reveals anything. When Sports Illustrated sent star profiler S.L. Price to interview him, Price got 15 minutes of bland, semi-annoyed answers. An Italian journalist named Luca Caioli wrote an entire biography of Messi that contained basically one revelation: friends and family admitting that Messi is unknowable even to the people closest to him. "When he's not doing so well," close friend Cintia Arellano told the writer, "Leo is a little bit solitary. He retreats. He withdraws into himself. He was like that even with me sometimes. It was like drawing blood from a stone trying to find out what was going on inside."
686 SHARES Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit
Article featured on:
Ever wondered what your rent would be worth in another city? You know, just to see if the grass is greener… But how do you measure whether you've made a good deal or not anyway? By price? By space? How about both? We did some digging a while ago to see what apartment value you would get for $1,500, depending on where you go in the 30 largest US cities. For the sake of simplicity, we substituted value with square footage—based on the average price per square foot data in each city, courtesy of our friends over at our sister company Yardi Matrix.
As it proved to be a smashing success, we thought we could kick it up a notch and respond to the numerous requests from renters all over the nation. So we included a total of 100 cities in the research this time! And to give it another twist, we also added a calculator so that you can really see what else you could rent with the money you cash out each month.
First things first, here's the lovely and improved infographic with all the data. Hover over the tiles and see how much space $1,500 gets you in the 100 most populous US cities:
We paid special attention for the proportions in the above infographic to be correct—meaning that if the tile representing St. Louis is double the size of, say, Long Beach, it's because you get exactly twice as much space in the Gateway to the West for the same amount of money. And so forth… For example, the four-bed, three-bath home you could rent for $1,500 in Memphis or Wichita is seven times the size of the hypothetical Manhattan studio that you'd get for the same amount of cash. In other words, even its living room is larger than some micro units in NYC:
Use this simple calculator to see how much space your monthly rent would get you in other large US cities:
Use the code below to embed the calculator on your website:
%MINIFYHTMLbcb4011b9a46c6b04d187d5ae95ac74415%
The infographic and the calculator use the average price per square foot in each city, however, we have more data that might be of interest to you. The following interactive table displays the same information in a more old-fashioned way. Furthermore, you can sort the cities by their average apartment size and average rent too.
How much floor space can you get for $1,500?
City Sq. Ft. / $1,500 Price per Sq. Ft. Average Sq. Ft. Average Rent New York City* 271 $5.54 727 $4,031 San Francisco, CA 342 $4.38 748 $3,275 Boston, MA 399 $3.76 827 $3,111 Jersey City, NJ 473 $3.17 857 $2,715 Oakland, CA 510 $2.94 802 $2,354 San Jose, CA 526 $2.85 888 $2,532 Fremont, CA 545 $2.75 836 $2,297 Washington, DC 558 $2.69 741 $1,996 Los Angeles, CA 570 $2.63 779 $2,050 Seattle, WA 607 $2.47 711 $1,756 Irvine, CA 617 $2.43 916 $2,225 Chicago, IL 641 $2.34 730 $1,708 San Diego, CA 698 $2.15 848 $1,820 Long Beach, CA 721 $2.08 796 $1,655 Santa Ana, CA 777 $1.93 863 $1,667 Anaheim, CA 806 $1.86 851 $1,581 Philadelphia, PA 820 $1.83 801 $1,464 Minneapolis, MN 847 $1.77 787 $1,392 Portland, OR 852 $1.76 790 $1,387 Chula Vista, CA 872 $1.72 854 $1,466 Miami, FL 909 $1.65 889 $1,467 Denver, CO 915 $1.64 838 $1,373 Newark, NJ 955 $1.57 689 $1,083 Riverside, CA 1,000 $1.50 854 $1,282 Hialeah, FL 1,034 $1.45 805 $1,165 Austin, TX 1,049 $1.43 860 $1,227 Baltimore, MD 1,071 $1.40 829 $1,158 Aurora, CO 1,071 $1.40 831 $1,162 Madison, WI 1,095 $1.37 839 $1,148 Pittsburgh, PA 1,128 $1.33 804 $1,070 St. Paul, MN 1,136 $1.32 826 $1,090 St. Petersburg, FL 1,163 $1.29 866 $1,113 Sacramento, CA 1,172 $1.28 819 $1,051 Scottsdale, AZ 1,172 $1.28 949 $1,216 Atlanta, GA 1,172 $1.28 984 $1,257 Plano, TX 1,181 $1.27 936 $1,191 Nashville, TN 1,200 $1.25 902 $1,131 Orlando, FL 1,200 $1.25 951 $1,184 Dallas, TX 1,210 $1.24 841 $1,040 Milwaukee, WI 1,220 $1.23 851 $1,048 San Bernardino, CA 1,230 $1.22 819 $1,002 Irving, TX 1,250 $1.20 850 $1,016 Tampa, FL 1,261 $1.19 923 $1,102 Houston, TX 1,271 $1.18 876 $1,030 Buffalo, NY 1,282 $1.17 746 $875 Cleveland, OH 1,282 $1.17 794 $927 New Orleans, LA 1,282 $1.17 874 $1,020 Chesapeake, VA 1,304 $1.15 983 $1,134 Stockton, CA 1,316 $1.14 792 $901 Norfolk, VA 1,316 $1.14 886 $1,006 Lubbock, TX 1,316 $1.14 933 $1,063 Corpus Christi, TX 1,327 $1.13 837 $948 Chandler, AZ 1,339 $1.12 933 $1,047 Virginia Beach, VA 1,339 $1.12 975 $1,089 Colorado Springs, CO 1,364 $1.10 828 $914 Reno, NV 1,364 $1.10 841 $923 Charlotte, NC 1,364 $1.10 949 $1,048 San Antonio, TX 1,376 $1.09 851 $931 Gilbert, AZ 1,376 $1.09 930 $1,015 Detroit, MI 1,389 $1.08 802 $870 Fort Worth, TX 1,389 $1.08 864 $930 Richmond, VA 1,389 $1.08 865 $932 Raleigh, NC 1,402 $1.07 962 $1,030 Phoenix, AZ 1,415 $1.06 792 $839 Baton Rouge, LA 1,415 $1.06 949 $1,009 Bakersfield, CA 1,429 $1.05 853 $896 Boise, ID 1,429 $1.05 876 $920 Durham, NC 1,429 $1.05 932 $980 Henderson, NV 1,442 $1.04 984 $1,022 Arlington, TX 1,456 $1.03 819 $842 Garland, TX 1,471 $1.02 851 $869 Mesa, AZ 1,500 $1.00 798 $795 St. Louis, MO 1,500 $1.00 836 $839 Cincinnati, OH 1,500 $1.00 863 $866 Fresno, CA 1,500 $1.00 891 $888 Albuquerque, NM 1,531 $0.98 813 $799 Tucson, AZ 1,546 $0.97 750 $731 Glendale, AZ 1,546 $0.97 787 $766 Las Vegas, NV 1,546 $0.97 893 $867 Jacksonville, FL 1,579 $0.95 961 $909 Kansas City, MO 1,596 $0.94 881 $830 Lexington, KY 1,596 $0.94 896 $838 Louisville, KY 1,648 $0.91 924 $841 North Las Vegas, NV 1,648 $0.91 955 $869 El Paso, TX 1,667 $0.90 815 $733 Columbus, OH 1,667 $0.90 886 $800 Omaha, NE 1,667 $0.90 928 $831 Lincoln, NE 1,667 $0.90 937 $843 Indianapolis, IN 1,724 $0.87 875 $758 Oklahoma City, OK 1,786 $0.84 845 $711 Greensboro, NC 1,786 $0.84 936 $785 Tulsa, OK 1,829 $0.82 819 $672 Toledo, OH 1,852 $0.81 807 $654 Fort Wayne, IN 1,899 $0.79 869 $686 Winston-Salem, NC 1,899 $0.79 923 $729 Wichita, KS 1,948 $0.77 787 $609 Memphis, TN 1,948 $0.77 920 $704
*New York City refers to Manhattan
What does this look like in the field?
If you've read this far, you are probably starting to have a vague idea about how wildly property values can vary from one city to another. As it turns out, you don't even have to go very far to see a considerable difference—the average price per square foot can show significant fluctuations in the same state.
Here's the sunny Florida for example:
Our magic number of $1,500 gets you a decent one-bedroom apartment in the Fontainebleau neighborhood South of Doral in Miami. Apparently, the same amount is enough for more than 1,200 square feet of space in a Tampa two-bedroom apartment, or a three-bed two-bath wonder of about the same dimensions in Orlando.
Go to the Pacific coast and the value of your money is cut right in half:
In San Francisco, the same amount of cash is barely enough to rent a studio. The nearby Oakland is a bit more wallet-friendly, if you can call it that, but the one-bedroom you could afford with $1,500 is still a meager 500-550 square feet at best. In Irvine you get a bit more wiggle-room than that—about 620 square feet. Remember, these are averages we're talking about, so with a bit of effort put into your research, you're likely to find better deals, and our last example is a testament to that.
Who is RENTCafe and How Did We Compile the Data?
RENTCafe is a nationwide apartment search website that enables renters to easily find apartments and houses for rent throughout the United States.
To compile this report, RENTCafe's research team analyzed apartment size and rent data across all multifamily rental properties of 50+ units across the 100 largest US cities by population.
Apartment size data was provided by Yardi Matrix, an apartment market intelligence source and RENTCafe's sister company which researches and reports on all multifamily properties of 50+ units across 121 markets in the United States.
Fair use and redistribution We encourage you and freely grant you permission to reuse, host, or repost the images in this article. When doing so, we only ask that you kindly attribute the authors by linking to RENTCafe.com or this page, so that your readers can learn more about this project, the research behind it and its methodology.
Thanks to import records, we have knowledge of a unit of the Galaxy S6 — or a variant thereof — arriving on Indian shores for testing. The entry clearly mentions that it's ‘for R&D purpose' and that it's not a retail unit. The entry is dated 17th December, which is when the phone made its way into the country from South Korea. It is interesting to note that the device model reads ‘SM G920F'; the suffixed ‘F' signifies it being a European variant. The entry also mentions, rather astonishingly, the import price to be 18,938 INR which is roughly US$300. We're pretty certain that the phone will cost about double that much, if not higher, at launch.
We broke the news of the Galaxy S6 having a QHD (2560 x 1440p) Super AMOLED screen earlier, which will either be 5.5 inches or 5.2 inches across the diagonal. Besides having a super-high-res screen, the next Galaxy S series flagship will also flaunt a 64-bit Exynos 7 octa-core processor along with a Snapdragon 810 variant, which might be delayed due to Qualomm's production issues. Like you would expect from a next-gen flagship, the Galaxy S6 will have 3GB of RAM along with 32GB of on-board storage, and a main camera with a 16-20 mega-pixel sensor. Lastly, it'll run Android 5.0 Lollipop out of the box, which isn't much of a surprise considering it'll launch only in March next year. Though there have been talks about a curved screen aka Edge variant of the S6, things are yet to materialize on that front.
Via | Source
The Christian hotelier found guilty of gay bias looks set to lose her home and asks: So who's really being persecuted?
In despair: Hazelmary Bull faces financial ruin after being sued for not allowing a gay couple to share a double room
Christian hotel owner Hazelmary Bull has certainly had her faith tested to the limit this week.
Yesterday, she was planning to make a four-hour round trip to visit her desperately ill husband Peter, 71, in hospital, where he is recovering from a triple heart bypass and valve replacement surgery.
How, she fretted, was she going to tell him that they were teetering on the brink of financial ruin? That there was little hope now of hangi
ng on to the Cornish guesthouse they'd owned for 25 years; the home they'd poured not only their life savings into, but also their heart and souls. In the end, 66-year-old Hazelmary just couldn't bring herself to do it.
On Tuesday, Peter was undergoing a nine-hour operation at the exact moment his wife of 47 years was sitting in Bristol County Court waiting to hear their fate.
In a landmark ruling, which will have far-reaching implications for many Christians in Britain, Judge Rutherford ordered the Bulls to pay civil partners Martyn Hall, 46, and Steven Preddy, 38, £1,800 each in compensation for refusing to allow the couple to stay in a double room at their hotel.
The gay couple, IT workers from Bristol, sued the Bulls for £5,000 in damages under the Equality Act (Sexuality Orientation) Regulations 2007, after they were turned away from seven-bedroom Chymorvah House, near Penzance, in September 2008.
The Bulls argued that, as devout Christians, they let their double rooms only to heterosexual married couples and that their beliefs prevented them from allowing same-sex couples to share a double bed - although gay couples could stay in single or twin rooms.
This week, however, the judge ruled that the Bulls' actions amounted to direct discrimination, on the grounds of sexual orientation, as there was ‘no material difference between marriage and civil partnership'.
Their lives are now in turmoil. Hazelmary is adamant that she and Peter will not compromise their religious beliefs, despite the court ruling. As a result, they have two options - face prosecution again by refusing to book double rooms to gay civil partners, or close the business.
And if they close the business, which is already in debt, then they can't afford to stay in their home.
‘I don't want to tell Peter. I want to hold back for a little while, because he's so ill,' says Hazelmary, whose husband suffered complications after surgery. ‘He doesn't know because the hospital has kept him sedated for two days.
‘The uncertainty of the future would take Peter down. He doesn't cope well with stress.
‘I feel so upset. I don't want us to leave Chymorvah like this. It feels like we are being driven out.
‘We have put everything into it and if we lose it we'll be left with nothing. We'll have no money to buy a new home and who will give us a mortgage at our age?'
Victory: Steven Preddy (left) and Martin Hall were awarded £1,800 each in compensation after they were refused to stay at Chymorvah House, near Penzance
Chymorvah is a small, loss-making hotel, which charges £43 per person per night. Yet the Bulls did not go into this business to make a fortune, but to offer Christian hospitality.
They bought the house in 1986 for £81,000 and ploughed the money they'd made from their first B&B in Cornwall into it, renovating and updating the building.
They are now incapable of paying their £2,800-a-month mortgage, and have come to an agreement with their lender to pay less, for now.
But Hazelmary says that with the hotel closed since Christmas and not due to re-open until Easter - if it ever opens again - this, too, will become impossible to meet.
‘Our lenders have been very sympathetic, but there will come a time when we will either have to sell or, if that doesn't happen in this gloomy market, lose our home,' says Hazelmary.
‘Even if we do re-open, things will be very tricky, because we are not prepared to compromise our beliefs. I would not be able to look God in the eye if I did.'
As evangelical Christians, the Bulls insist that ‘the Bible's teaching is clear that a man should not lie with a man and a woman should not lie with a woman'.
'There are many people in Britain, Christian or not, who are very worried about being told what to believe in their own homes.'
Hazelmary says: ‘We are not homophobic. Had Mr Hall and Mr Preddy booked into twin rooms or for a cream tea, we would have more than ­welcomed them. For us, it's a case of loving the sinner, but not the sin.'
Is this really the victory that ­campaigners envisaged: two elderly ­people ­facing ruin and this week subjected to a barrage of abusive phone calls and obscene emails which are now in the hands of police? Even Peter's hospital has been plagued with ­nuisance calls.
‘Peter was airlifted to hospital on New Year's Eve when he became ill and I believe the stress of this case exacerbated his condition,' says Hazelmary. ‘I would have been at his side during surgery, but news on Monday afternoon that the judgment was about to be delivered came out of the blue.
‘I spoke to Peter on the phone that day. We said a lot of personal things, because this was a big operation, and prayed together.
‘He felt very upset that he couldn't be there with me. He sees himself as a protector and provider, and felt he was letting me down.
‘I said I wished I could have the operation for him and he said: “Actually, I think I'd rather be here.” That's how stressful this has been for him.
‘Monday was frantic with my worrying about Peter and leaving ­everything to drive through the night to get to Bristol for the judgment. When I arrived at court, I would have been out of my mind if it had not been for my faith. I prayed for strength to help me deal with whatever challenges lay ahead.
Ruin: The Bulls could be set to lose their hotel, The Chyorvah, after they were ordered to pay compensation to gay couple Martyn Hall and Steven Preddy
‘When the judgment was delivered, I was disappointed, but I can't help feeling this isn't over yet. There are many people in Britain, Christian or not, who are very worried about being told what to believe in their own homes.
‘This is a head-on collision between two lifestyles which are both equally protected under the human rights charter, but it seems our rights are now less equal.
‘This has never been a personal battle with Mr Hall and Mr Preddy. They were always going to feel the way they did and we were always going to feel the way we did. So is there a human rights charter out there which respects the feelings of us all? That's what's really on trial.'
After the judgment, Hazelmary shared the lift down with Mr Hall and Mr Preddy and insists the atmosphere was friendly.
‘I have no hostility towards them at all. They seemed like very nice people and I wish we could have met in other circumstances,' she says.
‘They thanked me for attending and we chatted, although not about the case. When I got out at the wrong floor, they very kindly pulled me back into the lift.
‘But I didn't get the impression they felt sorry for us. Definitely not. They looked very happy outside the court posing for photographers, while we had nothing to smile about.'
The couple denied they had deliberately ‘set up' the Bulls, as was suggested at an earlier hearing, insisting they'd simply booked the hotel because it looked nice.
The court heard the Bulls had - prior to the incident - received ­literature from the gay rights group Stonewall criticising their policy, but the judge said there was no ­evidence to suggest the plaintiffs knew of this or the Bulls' policy before they booked.
However, it might be fair to say that the Bulls are being targeted now. Often in a most unpleasant manner. While the 400 emails and phone calls of support from all over the world have acted like ‘an ointment on the wound', Hazelmary says she has been shocked by the 50 or so abusive and obscene ­messages she has also received.
Some of them, she claims, are from people purporting to be gay couples trying to book a double room. Others, from anonymous strangers with an axe to grind.
‘On Tuesday night, no sooner had I returned to Chymorvah from the hospital than the phone was ringing,' she says.
‘I didn't even have time to take my coat off.
‘I'm not a prude, but I've been shocked and hurt by the language used. One told me I was an abomination and would go straight to hell.
‘I couldn't even switch the phone off in case the hospital needed me. I had one man call, saying he and his gay partner wanted a room. I explained we were closed until Easter and got a load of bad language before he hung up. While he was ranting and raving, I just wanted to ring the hospital.
‘We've also had emails from people claiming to be gay ­couples, saying: “Of course, if you reject this booking, you will be acting illegally.”
‘That night, I hardly slept because Peter was so poorly. I had the phone beside me waiting to hear if they were taking Peter back to surgery, then the obscene phone calls started first thing in the morning.
‘These people know nothing about me or my lifestyle, and I've been astounded by their cruelty. It is hard not to feel persecuted.'
Hazelmary and Peter, a retired chartered ­surveyor, have been given 21 days leave to appeal. Supported by the Christian Institute, which funded their legal battle, the couple are in discussions to see if an appeal is feasible.
‘Appeals are very expensive and not to be entered into lightly, so whatever the Christian Institute decides about funding, we shall accept. They have their trustees to think of,' says Hazelmary.
‘But while the court ruling on Tuesday left me feeling penned in, the possibility of appeal showed me a way out.
‘I feel this issue is so important to our society as a whole, it should be heard by the Supreme Court because someone has to sort out this mess.
‘This is a time of great uncertainty for us, but we shall just have to put our best foot forward whatever ­happens. No one has tied me to a stake and set light to me yet, so we have to put this in perspective.
‘But we didn't move the goalposts, the Government did. We've been doing this since 1975, and legally doing it. Then all of a sudden they put us in a position where it is illegal.
‘People say that if I don't like the law I should go into another business, but this is what I'm good at, this is what I trained for, this is what I have been doing all my working life. Why should I now be made to feel a criminal?
‘I am not against leglislation which protects all members of society from discrimination. No one — not least myself — would want to see a return to the days when homo­sexuals were oppressed, but I believe the pendulum has swung too far the other way.
‘Christians are definitely being marginalised. There is no question about it and we have to be careful that we don't exchange one brand of oppression for another. The human rights charter says faith is protected not just in the home but in the workplace. Well, this is my workplace.'
So, no visitors to Chymorvah House today and possibly never again. Come Easter, the Bulls could be homeless and penniless.
‘We love this place. Who wouldn't?' says Hazelmary.
‘We have never taken it for granted. Never. We have always seen it as a gift, but it's going to be hard to lose it.'
It may have been in early 2009 when Congressman Joe Baca first got the idea that video games should be slapped with health warnings. He wrote a bill that would mandate it. It went nowhere.
He did the same thing in 2011. That bridge went to nowhere, too.
If he was a predictable legislator, he would be doing this again in 2013, but California Democrat Joe Baca has thrown us a curveball. Yesterday, he introduced the newest version of his "Violence in Video Games Labeling Act."
Advertisement
He wants this label..."WARNING: Exposure to violent video games has been linked to aggressive behavior."... on every video game.
Let's look at how the Congressman has evolved his position through the years.
Here's 2009 Joe Baca, while announcing his plan to put health warnings on video games:
"The video game industry has a responsibility to parents, families, and to consumers – to inform them of the potentially damaging content that is often found in their products," said Rep. Baca. "They have repeatedly failed to live up to this responsibility. Meanwhile research continues to show a proven link between playing violent games and increased aggression in young people. American families deserve to know the truth about these potentially dangerous products."
Advertisement
Here's 2012 Joe Baca, while announcing his plan to put health warnings on video games: :
"The video game industry has a responsibility to parents, families, and to consumers – to inform them of the potentially damaging content that is often found in their products," said Rep. Baca. "They have repeatedly failed to live up to this responsibility. Meanwhile research continues to show that playing violent video games is a casual risk factor for a host of detrimental effects in both the short- and long-term, including increasing the likelihood of physically aggressive behavior. American families deserve to know the truth about these potentially dangerous products."
What a difference three years makes!
The Congressman has been concerned that playing video games affects kids' brains. He has referred to studies by the Pediatrics Journal, the American Psychological Association that "all point to a link between playing violent video games and aggressive behavior in children and teenagers." We may not be axe-murderers here at Kotaku, but that doesn't completely disprove these studies. At least one of them shows that images of gamers' brains are different from those of non-gamers' in a way that suggests that games may make kids prone to being more aggressive.
Advertisement
But video games are protected speech, you might say. And cigarettes are not. Shouldn't games be treated more like that speech stuff? Music and TV shows are rated voluntarily by the industries that produce them, as are games, but the game ratings system isn't sufficient, the Congressman says.
And so we have Congressman Baca's evolving bills.
2009 version:
111th CONGRESS
1st Session H. R. 231
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 7, 2009 Mr. BACA (for himself and Mr. WOLF) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION REGULATION. (a) Regulation- Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Consumer Product Safety Commission shall promulgate regulations to require the warning label described in subsection (b) to be placed on the packaging of any video game that is rated T (Teen) or higher by the Electronics Software Ratings Board. (b) Warning Label Content- The warning label required under a regulation issued under subsection (a) shall be placed in a clear and conspicuous location on the packaging of the applicable video game and shall state: `WARNING: Excessive exposure to violent video games and other violent media has been linked to aggressive behavior.'. (c) Video Game Defined- As used in this Act the term `video game' means any product, whether distributed electronically or through a tangible device, consisting of data, programs routines, instructions, applications, symbolic languages, or similar electronic information (collectively referred to as `software') that controls the operation of a computer or telecommunication device and that enables a user to interact with a computer controlled virtual environment for entertainment purposes.
Advertisement
2011 version:
112th CONGRESS
1st Session H. R. 400
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
January 24, 2011 Mr. BACA (for himself and Mr. WOLF) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION REGULATION. (a) Regulation- Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Consumer Product Safety Commission shall promulgate regulations to require the warning label described in subsection (b) to be placed on the packaging of any video game that is rated T (Teen) or higher by the Electronics Software Ratings Board. (b) Warning Label Content- The warning label required under a regulation issued under subsection (a) shall be placed in a clear and conspicuous location on the packaging of the applicable video game and shall state: `WARNING: Excessive exposure to violent video games and other violent media has been linked to aggressive behavior.'. (c) Video Game Defined- As used in this Act, the term `video game' means any product, whether distributed electronically or through a tangible device, consisting of data, programs, routines, instructions, applications, symbolic languages, or similar electronic information (collectively referred to as `software') that controls the operation of a computer or telecommunication device and that enables a user to interact with a computer controlled virtual environment for entertainment purposes.
Advertisement
2012 version:
112th CONGRESS
2d Session H. R. 4204
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
March 19, 2012 Mr. BACA (for himself and Mr. WOLF) introduced the following bill; which was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce A BILL
To require certain warning labels to be placed on video games that are given certain ratings due to violent content. Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
SECTION 1. CONSUMER PRODUCT SAFETY COMMISSION REGULATION. (a) Regulation- Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Consumer Product Safety Commission shall promulgate regulations to require the warning label described in subsection (b) to be placed on the packaging of any video game that is rated `E' (Everyone), `Everyone 10+' (Everyone 10 and older), `T' (Teen), `M' (Mature), or `A' (Adult) by the Entertainment Software Ratings Board. (b) Warning Label Content- The warning label required under a regulation issued under subsection (a) shall be placed in a clear and conspicuous location on the packaging of the applicable video game and shall state: `WARNING: Exposure to violent video games has been linked to aggressive behavior.'. (c) Video Game Defined- As used in this Act, the term `video game' means any product, whether distributed electronically or through a tangible device, consisting of data, programs, routines, instructions, applications, symbolic languages, or similar electronic information (collectively referred to as `software') that controls the operation of a computer or telecommunication device and that enables a user to interact with a computer controlled virtual environment for entertainment purposes.
Advertisement
Notice that the 2012 bill expands the target. Baca wouldn't just label games rated T and up anymore. No, he's digging in. The warning's gotten sharper, too.
Congressman Baca's earlier game-labeling bills died in committee in 2009 and 2011. We'll let you know what happens to the 2012 edition.
Baca's press department, whose staff has been recycling the Congressman's quotes about video game labeling since 2009, did not return a request for comment about the new bill and why the Congressman feels so passionately about this issue.
Every Wednesday, Administrative Editor Jordan Breen welcomes a member of the mixed martial arts media into “Press Row” on the Sherdog.com blog. This week, Breen is joined by Ariel Helwani of MMAFighting.com and Versus.com.Breen and Helwani discuss the fallout of Strikeforce's card in the Meadowlands, including Fedor Emelianenko 's eye-opening loss to Antonio Silva and the status "The Last Emperor" enjoys amongst his ardent fans. The pair discuss how Emelianenko's loss impacts Strikeforce in the immediate future, whether it's a positive or negative long-term for the promotion, and what it means for the company's move toward pay-per-view.The two also weigh-in on the moves that could help Strikeforce expand and flourish in 2011, including everything from ramps and pyro to weigh-ins and Gina Carano Grab your credential and get a seat in “Press Row.”The above file can be saved in MP3 format here
Resources More Obituaries for Russell PARSONS Looking for an obituary for a different person with this name? Russell Kent PARSONS
1956 - 2016 Obituary Condolences Gallery PARSONS, Russell Kent
I passed away on April 17, 2016.
Aside from filling in the date (couldn't figure out how to do that one without help), I wrote this obituary myself because most obituaries are thrown together at the last minute by grieving relatives and are, quite frankly, dull, boring and uninteresting . I'm hopeful that this one will break that mold. If not, at least it's not too terribly long and it's the last time you'll hear from me.
I was born on June 2, 1956 in Dallas, Texas. I was always very proud to be from Texas although in recent years the politicians we kept electing were a great source of frustration.
I was not an especially spiritual person and tried my best to live by these wise and simple words: "Do the right thing, be nice, and don't be a jerk".
I loved my wife, my boys and my friends. While I had some treasured possessions, I tried to remember to "never love anything that can't love you back".
I enjoyed good music, good company, Shiner Bock, an occasional gin & tonic and traditional "meat and taters" type food. A nice drive on twisty country roads was a favorite pastime and if there was a good BBQ or burger joint at the end of the drive, all the better.
I did have some strong dislikes including mean people, hypocrites (especially the holier-than-thou types) and most green vegetables.
Although I patiently endured a minivan/SUV phase of life as a proper parent should, I loved fast cars. Taking hot laps on the Circuit of America's track in my awesome Dodge Challenger was one of my favorite bucket list accomplishments. For those of you who don't share my love of fast cars, please stay out of the left lane.
Speaking of cars, I'd like to give a shout out to all the folks in the various car clubs (and unclubs) I participated in such as; Sweet Rides, Mopar Enthusiasts of Central Texas and Texas Outlaw Challengers to name a few. What a great assortment of all types of people, from all walks of life, various states of mental health and wild political diversity. All with a shared love of cars and the wonderful feeling that comes from a healthy dose of acceleration, heavy g-forces and loud rock-n-roll.
To all my Facebook friends; I appreciate you putting up with all my political rants over the years. Always up for a good debate, I was somewhat of a policy wonk and appreciated well-reasoned discussion. As a passionate progressive Democrat, I always favored policies that encouraged prosperity for the middle class. I do have a special request for my Republican friends: Please turn off Fox News.
I want to thank all the great folks I met in my years working at Southwestern Bell (which became SBC which became AT&T) and the Health and Human Services Commission. I learned to really appreciate the people who stepped up and made a positve difference and to avoid at all costs the whiners and complainers. I also learned the difference between a good boss and a bad boss. Fortunately, I had more good bosses than bad but man, those few bad ones were a royal pain. Oh well, karma usually takes care of people like that.
After 35 years or so in the workplace I really came to appreciate this quote, "lead, follow or get out of the way". Whatever path you choose, let it be a positive one.
In 2014, after a trip to Denver, I noticed that any uphill hikes or physical exertion left me incredibly short of breath. Even after accounting for the altitude and more than a few extra pounds I was carrying around, it was obvious that something wasn't right. So, off to the doctor I went where , after a month or two of tests , I received a diagnosis of Myelofibrosis, a rare and rather nasty form of bone marrow cancer that had made me very anemic. MF is a tricky disorder that doesn't have the courtesy of killing you quickly or directly; it just makes everything else in your body go nuts so you never quite know what's going to eventually get you. MF is an MF.
So, words of advice; if you think something isn't right, go see your doctor. Better safe than sorry and if you wait, it might be too late. There are all sorts of tricky ways nature can get you and no one is immune or immortal. As that great thinker Anonymous said, "never regret growing old, it's a privilege denied to many".
I am survived by my lovely wife, Beth, my sons , Will and Brandon, my sister Julie, nieces Ava and Emma and my mother and father, Alice and Neil Parsons. What a great supportive family.
I especially appreciate having my wife, Beth, by my side in these final years. I'm still not sure how I managed to get such a smart, beautiful and caring woman to not only marry me but put up with me all these years. I was a lucky guy.
Being a caregiver isn't easy and watching someone you've shared your life with slowly slip away is rough. She's tough and independent but I'd appreciate it if those of you that know her would reach out from time to time and share a glass of wine, a drive through the hill country during wildflower season, some good food or just some kind words.
I am most proud of raising two smart, kind, successful young men in Brandon and Will. There will be times where you may feel like you wish I was still around but life doesn't always work out that way. I hope you'll carry my presence with you always and know that each of you has great things to look forward to. Trust your instincts, have lots of fun, take some risks and don't spend too much time at the office.
For those of you whom I've offended or wronged at some point, I apologize. For those that may have a fond memory of something nice I did, please pay it forward.
I'm not quite sure what will come next. Perhaps this is it. Perhaps there is an afterlife where I may see some of you again. Perhaps I'll come back in a different form and get another chance at this. That would be pretty cool. Whatever happens, it's been a wonderful life. I hope every one of you makes the most of every single minute you have left on this planet.
As the Grateful Dead put it, "what a long, strange trip it's been".
Adios. Published in Austin American-Statesman from Apr. 20 to Apr. 21, 2016 Read More Listen to Obituary Remember Share memories or express condolences below. View All Add Message Add Photos Russell Kent PARSONS Photo Russell Kent PARSONS Photo Add Videos ‹ Back to today's Obituaries Funeral Etiquette Expert advice: what to do and say when someone dies.
As advertising companies continue to push the boundaries of online tracking in an effort to woo clients with eerily accurate ad targeting techniques, online privacy is seemingly becoming a thing of the past. One startup is looking to stop third-parties from tracking users on the web, however, and one of the company's co-founders may be in a better position than most to accomplish this lofty goal.
Former Google engineer Brian Kennish began building Disconnect two years ago, according to a recent feature on The New York Times' Bits blog. The service installs a plugin for either Chrome or Firefox and stops third parties from tracking users as they browse the web. It is currently blocks more than 2,000 different companies that track users online, most of which track users for the purposes of serving targeted advertisements.
“We are stopping that flow of data as you bounce around the Web,” Kennish told Bits. “Third-party retargeters are not going to have information about you.”
Kennish's background at Google, an online advertising pioneer, may give him unique insights into online tracking services that others simply don't have. And to make the software even more appealing, Disconnect allows users to pay whatever they want for the software and service, and to designate a portion of their payment that will go to charity if they choose.
The latest version of Disconnect for Chrome and Firefox is currently available on the company's website.
US-Russia showdown imminent but postponed – Zionists within the US Administration fiddle behind the scenes – Israeli officer captured by Iraqi popular army via DESI Intel
…by Nahed Al Husaini VT Damascus Bureau Chief
____________
Another power plants that feeds the city of in Aleppo was struck by US fighter jets. Reliable source, who spoke with VT, said “ hidden hands within the Administration have an “axe-to-grind to attack civilian installations in Syria, in light of continuous Russian airstrikes against ISIS and its subsidiaries.”
US planes attacked civilian infrastructure in Mare'a, Tal Sha'er, and al-Bab in Aleppo countryside on Sunday. The attack resulted in cutting off power from most neighborhoods in Aleppo city.
This transgression comes only 8 days after two F-16 warplanes belonging to US lead coalition targeted two power plants in al-Radwaniyeh area, east of Aleppo city, cutting off power from the area. The important question here is “who ordered the planes to fly and destroy Syrian infrastructures?”
The source is of the belief that US-Russian conformation is imminent but now postponed. The Russians are aware of the fact that,
“Zionist elements are working on tensing up US-Russian relations, via instructing their Partisans to severe any feasible cooperation between the two world powers on Syria and the Region.”
Batmen, operating in the darkness, are saving no efforts to spoil the smooth personal relationship established between US president Barack Obama and his Russian Counterpart Vladimir Putin. It is no secret that Obama is currently not in full control of the military. There are insiders who have an agenda of their own not compatible with the codes normally followed by the US army.
The Foreign Affairs High Representative at the USA Parliament and Secretary General of the “DESI” European Department for Security and Information Ambassador Dr. HAISSAM BOU-SAID confirmed that Iraqi popular Army captured an Israeli officer whose name is Yussi Elon Shahak, based on the Intel provided by the “US international Parliament and European Department for Security and Information.” The officer's rank is Brigadier and his military No is Re 34356578765Az231434. This reminds us of the Israeli Brigadier killed in the Syrian city of Quneitra, while meeting with the leaders of the terrorist groups.
Bou Said also revealed that there were mass executions of more than ninety-five ISIS leaders from the “elite unit,” mostly Chechens, in addition to a small number of Iraqis, in Al “SAYNIEH Region” adjacent to Mosel. They were indicted for communicating with the enemy .
“A group of Chechen and foreigners that entered Russia from Ukraine coming from Mosel were caught by the local authority,” Bou Said stated. The Intel was confirmed by the Quartet Security committee comprised of Russia, Syria, Iran and Iraq. It is believed that others groups are still positioned in Ukraine to undertake terrorist activities against Moscow. The men in charge are electronic and bombing experts.
____________
Madonna, who hasn't recorded a decent song in decades, wanted some press, and she knew just how to get it.
“Yes, I'm angry. Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I've thought a lot about blowing up the White House, but I know that this won't change anything," she said in January.
What did the media do? Nothing. (Google it: Hardly anything.)
In May, unfunny comedian Kathy Griffin released photos of herself holding a bloody decapitated head that looked like the president. The media? They reported it — for a day or two — then moved on (while Hollywood celebrities like Jim Carrey, Alec Baldwin and others defended the photos).
A New York City play in June depicted a Trump lookalike being brutally stabbed to death in a bloody assassination during a production of "Julius Caesar." The media's response? Yawn.
But over the Christmas holiday, a Vanity Fair staffer suggested that Hillary Clinton take up knitting (to keep her from running for president in 2020), and
Wait, there's more. Another non-funny comedienne, Sarah Silverman, called for a military coup to take out Trump. Rosie O'Donnell talked on Twitter about “stopping” Trump. Snoop Dogg, stoned since the 1990s, put out a music video in which he assassinated a clown dressed as Trump.
The media? Meh.
Even Trump noticed the deafening silence and mocked the mainstream media.
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg, failing career and all, had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 15, 2017
But telling Hillary to take up knitting? That, mister, is just too much to bear. In the Vanity Fair video released December 23, young staffers in its politics and business vertical Hive are shown giving Hillary “Six New Year's Resolutions" for 2018, as they hoist champagne glasses. One offers this advice to the two-time presidential loser: "Take up a new hobby in the new year. Volunteer work, knitting, improv comedy, literally anything that'll keep you from running again." OK, not that funny, but kinda' funny, given that more than a year after her loss, Clinton is still traveling the country hawking her book, "What Happened," and blaming everyone but herself for the crushing defeat. Some liberals are tiring of her schtick, and with 2020 fast approaching — not to mention the fact that the Democratic Party doesn't have any real leaders, and very few strong candidates — they just want Hillary to go away. But liberals were still incensed over the Vanity Fair video. How dare someone suggest a WOMAN take up knitting: SEXIST!
Does Vanity Fair NOT realize how many readers of their magazine they have just alienated? They mock the first woman to ever win the popular vote in a general election? A woman who got the second most votes EVER! #CancelVanityFair — Robert Shearer (@robjshearer) December 27, 2017
Vanity Fair tl;dr: Six young white people holding glasses of champagne would like Hillary Clinton to abandon her life's work and platform and just shut up. Good to know. https://t.co/cELDKdVmYd — Summer Brennan (@summerbrennan) December 26, 2017
What's incredibly uncool is your horribly conceived and executed video telling a former First Lady, Secretary of State, and first woman major party presidential candidate to go away and take up knitting. Sexist and pointless trolling. #CancelVanityFair #resist #BoycottVanityFair — Cynthia Stern (@CynthiaStern17) December 27, 2017
5. Every Clinton story VF *ever does* from now till kingdom come (certainly for the next couple of decades, forever in media land) will be criticized with the lens of "knitting." It's the nastiest, most sexist disgrace ... and it's forever. — Tom Watson (@tomwatson) December 27, 2017
#CancelVanityFair started trending on Twitter. And it didn't take long for the culture and fashion magazine to cave and apologize.
“It was an attempt at humor and we regret that it missed the mark,” said a representative for the publication in a statement.
Trump had some fun with the debacle.
Vanity Fair, which looks like it is on its last legs, is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit they took at Crooked H. Anna Wintour, who was all set to be Amb to Court of St James's & a big fundraiser for CH, is beside herself in grief & begging for forgiveness! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 28, 2017
But what's most telling is how little the media — or liberals — cared about the president of the United States being threatened with violence, being blown up, beheaded, assassinated. Make one little joke about a 70-year-old woman taking up knitting, and everyone loses their minds.
UPDATED: November 3, 2016, at 10:54 p.m.
Harvard has cancelled the men's soccer team's season after an Office of General Counsel review found that the team continued to produce vulgar and explicit documents rating women on their perceived sexual appeal and physical appearance.
Athletics Director Robert L. Scalise wrote in an email to Harvard student athletes that he decided to cancel the rest of the team's season because the “practice appears to be more widespread across the team and has continued beyond 2012, including in 2016.”
“As a direct result of what Harvard Athletics has learned, we have decided to cancel the remainder of the 2016 men's soccer season,” Scalise wrote. “The team will forfeit its remaining games and will decline any opportunity to achieve an Ivy League championship or to participate in the NCAA Tournament this year.”
Last week, The Crimson reported that the 2012 men's soccer team created a “scouting report” of that year's women's soccer recruits, rating them numerically and assigning each a hypothetical sexual position. University President Drew G. Faust instructed OGC, Harvard's team of lawyers, to “review” the matter.
Advertisement
“As I asked the OGC to undertake this, it had to be on a fairly short time frame because the season is proceeding apace,” Faust said in an interview Thursday. “I wanted a response that would be within the context of the team's responsibilities representing Harvard and this athletic season.”
According to both Scalise and a statement from University President Drew G. Faust, members of the soccer team were not initially forthcoming about their involvement in the “reports.”
“The decision to cancel a season is serious and consequential, and reflects Harvard's view that both the team's behavior and the failure to be forthcoming when initially questioned are completely unacceptable, have no place at Harvard, and run counter to the mutual respect that is a core value of our community,” Faust wrote in a statement.
Faust wrote she “was deeply distressed to learn that the appalling actions of the 2012 men's soccer team were not isolated to one year or the actions of a few individuals.”
Harvard Men's Soccer in action against Yale on October 1st 2016.
Faust also said Thursday that there have been preliminary discussions about whether or not this type of behavior takes place on other sports teams.
“I felt it was important to at least try to get some preliminary notion of are there people who know of other incidents, so the question has not been delved into deeply beyond the soccer team, but I have asked that it at least be raised as a question: is this wider spread?” Faust said.
Last week, when Scalise first saw the documents—which were, until recently, publicly accessible through the 2012 team's Google Group—he said he would immediately reach out to coaches of both men's and women's teams to discuss the report, but added that any response should be internal to Harvard and “not a media thing.”
The Office of Sexual Assault Prevention and Response will work to “further educate” the men's soccer team specifically and student-athletes generally, according to Scalise.
“Harvard Athletics has zero tolerance for this type of behavior,” Scalise added.
Men's soccer coach Pieter S. Lehrer wrote in a statement that the team is "beyond disappointed that our season has ended in this way, but we respect the decision made by our administration.”
In a statement Thursday evening, Dean of the College Rakesh Khurana wrote that he was “saddened and disappointed to learn that the extremely offensive ‘scouting report' produced by the 2012 men's soccer team continued through the current season.”
When The Crimson initially wrote on the lewd document from 2012, Khurana did not respond to multiple requests for an in-person interview to view the documents, instead writing in an emailed statement that he was “always profoundly disturbed and upset by allegations of sexism.”
“As I was not Dean of Harvard College in 2012 and do not have knowledge of this particular email, I cannot speak to the alleged conduct of these particular students,” Khurana wrote at the time.
The six 2012 women recruits written about in the “report” responded to The Crimson's initial story in a joint op-ed earlier this week, condemning the “report” but ultimately forgiving the men's team for their actions. The op-ed drew praise from Scalise and many students over social media.
“We are appalled that female athletes who are told to feel empowered and proud of their abilities are so regularly reduced to a physical appearance,” they wrote.
Had the men's soccer team competed and won in its game this Saturday against Columbia, it would have clinched an automatic bid to the NCAA tournament.
—Staff writer Andrew M. Duehren can be reached at andy.duehren@thecrimson.com. Follow him on Twitter @aduehren.
—Staff writer C. Ramsey Fahs can be reached at ramsey.fahs@thecrimson.com. Follow him on Twitter @ramseyfahs.
—Staff writer Daphne C. Thompson can be reached at daphne.thompson@thecrimson.com. Follow her on Twitter @daphnectho.
Verizon lobbyists are apparently on the prowl on Capitol Hill with new anti-net neutrality arguments, Mother Jones has learned, telling congressional staffers that Verizon needs to offer fast lane-like Internet access in order to meet the needs of blind, deaf and disabled customers whose lives may depend on fast access to Internet-connected medical services.
However, it appears that groups representing disabled Americans have not backed this plan.
Mark Perriello, president and CEO of the American Association of People with Disabilities told the publication that this was the first time he heard “these specific talking points.” Meanwhile, Free Press policy director Matt Wood went as far as to accuse Verizon's lobbying efforts of being “disingenuous.”
Verizon apparently didn't confirm that its lobbyists are using this particular pitch, but a spokesperson said that the company's position on the FCC recent net neutrality proposal is “not disingenuous,” as the company has not taken a public stance on it.
The publication says Verizon has used the same pitch in 2009, when the FCC was drafting new regulations for ISPs. Former Verizon CEO then said that people with health conditions would not benefit from life-saving technological advances if Verizon wasn't allowed to prioritize certain medical data.
Mother Jones has further revealed that ISPs have paid lobbyists $19 million in the first quarter of the year, or 68% of the money spent on net neutrality-related lobbying.
A recent report revealed that lobbyists managed to dupe community groups into joining an anti net neutrality coalition that supports the proposed fast-lane-slow-lane Internet proposal.
NEW YORK , April 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- SiriusXM and IGN, the leading Internet media company focused on video games and entertainment, today announced they are teaming up to produce a new daily esports satellite radio show dedicated to the fast-growing world of competitive gaming.
IGN Esports Today will debut on Monday, April 11 and air live every weekday ( 7:00-8:00 pm ET ) on the SiriusXM Bleacher Report Radio channel. SiriusXM Bleacher Report Radio is available to subscribers nationwide on satellite radios (channel 83) and the SiriusXM app.
Hosted by IGN's Kevin Knocke , IGN Esports Today will give gamers the opportunity to call in on a live show that provides up-to-the-moment news and analysis. The show will also tackle the industry's marquee competitions featuring League of Legends , Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, Hearthstone, Street Fighter V, Call of Duty and more.
Listeners will get insight and advice from notable esports competitors that will help them improve their skill whether they compete in small groups or large events. Knocke will also interview other special celebrity guests who share a passion for esports.
"There are hundreds of millions of gamers in North America and as the world of esports continues to grow by leaps and bounds, so too grows the appetite for the kind of insight and advice that can give a player a competitive edge," said Steve Cohen , SiriusXM's SVP of Sports Programming. "We are very excited to team up with IGN to give gamers, nationwide, a truly interactive forum on SiriusXM, a place where they can call in and get valued info and advice from true experts to help them get a leg up on the competition. We're looking forward to making IGN Esports Today a must-listen show for the gaming community."
"IGN is thrilled by this unique opportunity to create a live-format, satellite radio show on SiriusXM and its Bleacher Report Radio channel," said Fran Mirabella III , IGN's VP of Video. "Combined with IGN's massive global presence, non-stop video coverage, and leading social network, we'll be reaching esports fans everywhere they are. Kevin Knocke has covered esports for over half a decade and is the perfect host for the job. He's passionate to speak out on the big issues for the community, and has all the right connections. It's going to be an awesome resource for fans."
Follow and interact with IGN Esports Today on Twitter @SiriusXMesports.
SiriusXM Bleacher Report Radio is an exclusive 24/7 all-sports channel that delivers engaging content from one of the leading digital sports destinations to SiriusXM's nationwide audience of listeners. The exclusive channel showcases a variety of Bleacher Report voices and give sports fans a place to discuss their teams, topics and events with experts from every major sport. Bleacher Report, a division of Turner Broadcasting , is the leading digital destination for team-specific sports content and real-time event coverage and is one of the fastest-growing digital properties in the U.S. For more information go to www.SiriusXM.com/BleacherReportRadio. Follow the channel on Twitter at @BR_Radio.
About SiriusXM
Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: SIRI) is the world's largest radio company measured by revenue and has 29.6 million subscribers. SiriusXM creates and offers commercial-free music; premier sports talk and live events; comedy; news; exclusive talk and entertainment, and a wide-range of Latin music, sports and talk programming. SiriusXM is available in vehicles from every major car company in the U.S. and on smartphones and other connected devices as well as online at siriusxm.com. SiriusXM radios and accessories are available from retailers nationwide and online at SiriusXM. SiriusXM also provides premium traffic, weather, data and information services for subscribers through SiriusXM Traffic™, SiriusXM Travel Link, NavTraffic®, NavWeather™. SiriusXM delivers weather, data and information services to aircraft and boats through SiriusXM Aviation, SiriusXM Marine™, Sirius Marine Weather , XMWX Aviation™, XMWX Weather, and XMWX Marine™. In addition, SiriusXM Music for Business provides commercial-free music to a variety of businesses. SiriusXM holds a minority interest in SiriusXM Canada which has more than 2.7 million subscribers. SiriusXM is also a leading provider of connected vehicles services to major automakers, giving customers access to a suite of safety, security, and convenience services including automatic crash notification, stolen vehicle recovery assistance, enhanced roadside assistance and turn-by-turn navigation.
To download SiriusXM logos and artwork, visit http://www.siriusxm.com/LogosAndPhotos.
About IGN
IGN Entertainment is the leading Internet media company focused on the video game and entertainment enthusiast markets. IGN caters to more than 68 million monthly users on its website and apps, and is followed by almost 8 million subscribers on YouTube and 14 million fans on social networks. IGN also publishes daily content on Snapchat Discover.
Founded in 1996, IGN is operated by digital media company Ziff Davis, LLC , a subsidiary of j2 Global, Inc. IGN is headquartered in San Francisco , with offices in Los Angeles , New York , Sydney and London . IGN content is localized in 21 languages and 110 countries and hosted on websites and native applications on mobile, connected TV, and Xbox and PlayStation platforms. For more information, visit www.IGN.com and follow @ign on Twitter, Facebook, and YouTube.
This communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions with respect to future operations, products and services; and other statements identified by words such as "will likely result," "are expected to," "will continue," "is anticipated," "estimated," "believe," "intend," "plan," "projection," "outlook" or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond our control. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements.
The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and the timing of events to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: our substantial competition, which is likely to increase over time; our ability to attract and retain subscribers, which is uncertain; consumer protection laws and their enforcement; the unfavorable outcome of pending or future litigation; the market for music rights, which is changing and subject to uncertainties; our dependence upon the auto industry; general economic conditions; the security of the personal information about our customers; existing or future government laws and regulations could harm our business; failure of our satellites would significantly damage our business; the interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems; our failure to realize benefits of acquisitions or other strategic initiatives; rapid technological and industry changes; failure of third parties to perform; harmful interference to our service from new and existing wireless operations; our failure to comply with FCC requirements; modifications to our business plan; our indebtedness; our principal stockholder has significant influence over our affairs and over actions requiring stockholder approval and its interests may differ from interests of other holders of our common stock; and impairment of our business by third-party intellectual property rights. Additional factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 , which is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the " SEC ") and available at the SEC's Internet site (http://www.sec.gov). The information set forth herein speaks only as of the date hereof, and we disclaim any intention or obligation to update any forward looking statements as a result of developments occurring after the date of this communication.
Source: SiriusXM
Media contacts:
Andrew Fitzpatrick
SiriusXM
212-901-6693
Andrew.FitzPatrick@SiriusXM.com
Kiersten Slader
IGN
415-627-8939
KSlader@IGN.com
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20101014/NY82093LOGO
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160408/353042LOGO
To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/daily-esports-show-launches-on-siriusxm-april-11-300248479.html
Harvey Milk Plaza to get rainbow light installation
A rendering of "Harvey's Halo" to be introduced Nov. 8 at Harvey Milk Plaza. A rendering of "Harvey's Halo" to be introduced Nov. 8 at Harvey Milk Plaza. Photo: Courtesy Illuminate Photo: Courtesy Illuminate Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Harvey Milk Plaza to get rainbow light installation 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Harvey Milk Plaza, a dated transit hub and gathering place at the intersection of Market and Castro streets, will soon be lit in white neon and an array of rainbow colors shooting into the sky to honor the slain San Francisco supervisor.
The two light sculptures by the nonprofit Illuminate will be unveiled Nov. 8 at a free public ceremony to honor the 40th anniversary of Milk's election to the Board of Supervisors, which made him the first openly gay person to be elected to public office in California.
The artwork and dedication were initiated by the Friends of Harvey Milk Plaza as the beacon for a planned multimillion-dollar remake of the public space outside the Castro Muni Metro Station. The lights will be attached the curving crown and roof of the old Bank of America at the top of the escalator.
The neon sign will be permanent and read “Hope Will Never Be Silent,” a phrase attributed to Milk. The shafts of light rising from the top of the building will be temporary and known as “Harvey's Halo.” The colors will match the Castro's huge rainbow flag that waves high above Market at the entrance to the plaza.
“The art is designed to honor the life and legacy of Harvey Milk through light's power of attraction,” said Ben Davis, founder and CEO of Illuminate, the arts group that draped the suspension cables of the Bay Bridge in a twinkling LED pattern and more recently lit the Conservatory of Flowers in Golden Gate Park to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Summer of Love.
The Milk Plaza installation was announced last week with a crowdfunding drive at Illuminate.org. The budget is $60,000.
“Hope Will Never Be Silent” is 10 feet long and fits perfectly into the space that used to hold the Bank of America sign. It will offer added inspiration for customers of the SoulCycle fitness center that now occupies the building. The neon will glow from dark to dawn, “as a permanent greeting,” Davis said.
“Harvey's Halo” will consist of 15 colored beams, each powered by 350 watts. Davis estimates it will be visible all the way down Market Street to the Ferry Building. It will shine for seven nights, spread across two weekends.
The public opening, titled “Honoring Harvey Milk,” will start at 6 p.m. Nov. 8. By then, the Friends of Harvey Milk Plaza expect to announce the winner of an international design competition to completely reimagine the plaza, which Davis said is currently an “underwhelming experience.”
The sunken brick plaza, now marked only by a series of enlarged photographs of Milk, will be replaced.
The project is budgeted at $10 million to $15 million, to be privately funded in collaboration with improvements to the station by the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency. Construction is expected to start in 2020.
“Harvey Milk Plaza is sacred ground for the LGBT civil rights movement, and people come from all over the world to make a pilgrimage,” said Andrea Aiello, president of the Friends of Harvey Milk Plaza. “The public art that Ben has created will show to the city what is possible for this sacred space.”
Sam Whiting is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: swhiting@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @SamWhitingSF Instagram: @sfchronicle_art
So I saw the Dunkirk movie yesterday.
I liked it, it was very well directed, and it's probably the most British movie since Chariots of Fire.
The movie got me thinking about this blog. The simple truth of the matter is that this blog deals with heroes that were created in a time when the world needed a bit of escapist fantasy and the comic book industry responded by creating a whole bunch of heroes who could do the fighting for them.
While there was a time and a place for these types of stories it's important to remember that the fantastical violence shown in World War 2 era comics was very real for a lot of people and many of those people didn't make it out alive.
Now, we've covered some of the more “realistic” war comics with characters like Sgt. Fury and the Howling Commandos,
but this week I thought it might be fun to talk about another war comic that was actually published during World War 2 with Quality Comics' fighter squadron/expertly dressed hero Blackhawk.
Origin and Career
Blackhawk made his first appearance in Quality Comics' Military Comics #1 in August of 1941.
Right off the bat the main character made the cover and looks good doing it.
There is some debate as to who created the character in the first place. While many credit comic book legend Will Eisner with the character's creation,
Eisner himself gave most of the credit to artist Charles Cuidera and writer Bob Powell.
For a time when the United States hadn't entered the war in Europe, this comic was certainly very much for it. In the very first page the comic shows the Nazis steamrolling through Poland and introducing the main villain of Captain von Tepp, who is the very definition of a bastard.
Seriously, even kicking puppies seems a bit tame for this guy.
Von Tepp and his Butcher Squadron discover a mysterious black plane that they shoot down. The Captain makes the unknown pilot's life even more hellish by destroying a farmhouse with innocent people in it.
The pilot is revealed to be a man named Blackhawk, who vows revenge against the Nazis and gets his wish a few months later when he confronts Von Tepp and kidnaps him.
Blackhawk takes the Captain back to his island base where they decide to settle their grievances with an honorable duel using airplanes.
Naturally the Nazi cheats by sabotaging Blackhawk's plane and the two crash to the ground, where the grudge is settled when Blackhawk shoots the Captain.
In later issues it was revealed that the Blackhawks were actually a squadron of fighter pilots made up of men whose nations had been captured by the Nazis.
Side note: this actually has a basis in real history. Feel free to look up the exploits of groups like the Polish 303 Squadron if you want some real life heroics.
In Issue #3 the group would also get a Chinese cook, who was unfortunately named “Chop Chop”.
…well they can't all be good.
Sales wise the Blackhawks were a massive hit for Quality Comics. They were so successful that they received their own comic in 1944.
In 1950 it was revealed that the leader of the Blackhawks was actually an American volunteer fighter pilot who had joined the Polish air force and decided to form the squadron as a way to fight back against the Nazis, even though he and his comrades had no country.
Some of the most talented writers and artists of the Golden Age worked on the Blackhawk title and it was actually so popular that Quality continued to publish the title right up until they went out of business in 1956 with Blackhawk #107 being the last issue.
So what happened?
Quality couldn't make it past the comic book slump of the 1950's and sold off the rights to most of their characters to DC comics in 1956.
Interestingly enough, the Blackhawks had been so popular that DC actually decided to continue publishing the title after they bought it,
they even kept most of the original art team on the title ensuring that the only thing that changed with the comic was the logo.
Now that the Blackhawks had new life they wound up being one of the few superhero teams to transition into the Silver Age of Comics. This time in comic book history saw the squadron face fewer Nazis and more science fiction themed villains and things got a little…weird.
Also, in 1959 they added a lady to the team as an on and off supporting character. She was given the rather unimaginative name of Lady Blackhawk.
She would remain one of the biggest members of the supporting cast and even became a villain named Queen Lady Shark.
I don't know what's funnier, the skis or that hat.
Ironically, the rise of superhero comics in the 1960's hurt the Blackhawk Squadron and while DC attempted to revamp the group in 1967 by giving them new names and costumes,
it only lasted 14 issues before the title was cancelled.
The Blackhawks would make a brief comeback in 1976 as a group of mercenaries,
but they were cancelled again until the 1980's when they were sent back to their familiar stomping grounds of World War 2.
The 1980's series reworked the Blackhawks and gave their older stories a more modern update in terms of storytelling, including a much more dignified appearance and backstory for poor Chop Chop.
In 1988 DC reworked its entire history with the mega event Crisis on Infinite Earths
and the Blackhawks made the cut. They were given another reworking and this time the squadron was led by a man named Janos Prohaska, an actual Polish national who was forced to flee his home after the Soviets kicked him out.
The Blackhawks continue to be a part of the DC universe. One of their more noticeable appearances was in the excellent Justice League animated show where they played a major part in the episode “The Savage Time”.
and in the show Arrow the “Blackhawk Squad Protection Group” made an appearance as the place of employment for John Diggle's commanding officer Ted Gaynor.
Also, a group calling themselves the Blackhawks got their own title in DC Comics' New 52 relaunch,
but they have yet to show up in DC's more recent “Rebirth” relaunch.
The Blackhawks are a team with a long and fantastic history. What I find really fascinating is just how well they were able to survive so much while so many of their contemporaries fell through the cracks, never to be seen again and if it wasn't for characters like Plastic Man,
I would go as far as to say that the Blackhawks were the best and most notable comic to ever be published by Quality Comics.
Advertisements
Catherine Zeta-Jones, Tom Hanks, Kumar Pallana — The Terminal (2004)
The Code
Let me introduce you to Jaime:
Jaime is a gen_server. It basically carries things in his tray and eventually delivers them all together. The tricky part is that, if he trips with something, he'll throw the last thing he put on his tray. But he will do it so efficiently that if you want, you can totally grab that thing before it… you know… hits the floor or something.
Most of Jaime's code is your regular gen_server's code. The main part is in handle_call. Let's check its three clauses one by one…
handle_call(deliver, _From, Tray) -> {reply, Tray, []};
The first one is a classic one: The server gets a delivery message and returns the whole state (in this case the Tray) and in the same process alters the state so that the new Tray becomes empty. Let's give it a try on the console…
1> jaime:start().
{ok,<0.68.0>}
2> jaime:deliver().
[]
3> jaime:carry(coke).
ok
4> jaime:carry(pasta).
ok
5> jaime:deliver().
[pasta,coke]
6> jaime:deliver().
[]
7>
Everything looks quite right. Let's check the next clause…
handle_call(trip, _From, []) -> throw(empty_tray);
This is an edge case. The requirements stated that, in case of tripping, Jaime should throw the most recent item on his Tray. What should Jaime do if there are no items on it is not specified. The proper thing to do would've been to just not add a clause for that, but let's imagine that we wanted to provide a clearer exception in this situation and not just a function_clause. Let's see what happens…
1> jaime:start().
{ok,<0.73.0>}
2> jaime:trip().
=ERROR REPORT==== 2-Aug-2016::08:17:58 ===
** Generic server jaime terminating
** Last message in was tripped
** When Server state == []
** Reason for termination ==
** {bad_return_value,empty_tray}
** exception exit: {{bad_return_value,empty_tray},
{gen_server,call,[jaime,trip]}}
in function gen_server:call/2 (gen_server.erl, line 204)
3>
Ok, so… From the perspective of the caller, we get the empty_tray exception somewhere. Also the server crashes, which was expected. But there is one curious thing: We don't simply get an empty_tray exception, don't we? It's actually a bad_return_value. Before diving into what this means, let's look at the last function clause:
handle_call(trip, _From, [Stuff|Tray]) ->
throw({reply, Stuff, Tray}).
This one is weird. Jaime is actually throwing an exception. But the exception looks a lot like a proper handle_call response. Let's see what happens if we try to use it…
1> jaime:start().
{ok,<0.68.0>}
2> jaime:carry(coke).
ok
3> jaime:carry(pasta).
ok
4> jaime:trip().
pasta
5> jaime:deliver().
[coke]
6>
Toro the Bull expected an exception
Wait a second! There are absolutely no traces of any exception there. The gen_server just acted as if the exception Jaime threw was a regular callback response.
Made of lightweight and soft polyester, the Umbro Chapecoense Home 2016 Jersey brings the green color as predominant, with details in white, and a texture of diagonal stripes on the front. On the chest, the badge of the team appears embroidered along with the Umbro's logo. Besides, over the piece, several sponsorships are printed. Lastly, the collar in V style offers a unique charm to the piece. Get now yours and cheer with style everywhere!
About the Club
Associação Chapecoense de Futebol, commonly known as Chapecoense and whose acronym is ACF, is a Brazilian football club, based in the city of Chapecó in the state of Santa Catarina. Besides football the club also has activities in futsal, which has been state champion twice. The club was founded in 1973 as the goal of restoring football in the city of Chapecó, and in just four years of existence won their first state title in 1977. In all, the club won four state championships, the last in 2011. They will compete in the Série A in 2015, its second year in a row in the Brazilian top flight. Its home matches are played at Arena Condá.
This jersey can be customized with name and number, using the official fonts of the team.
Composition: 100% Polyester
Badge: Embroidered
Collar: V Neck
Sleeves: Short
Pockets: No
Lining: No
Country: Brazil
Approximate Dimensions (H x W):
S: 69 x 48 cm
M: 71 x 50 cm
L: 73 x 52 cm
XL: 75 x 54 cm
XXL: 77 x 56 cm
Image caption The test for would-be teachers include fractions, percentages, spelling and grammar
Students will not be allowed to enter teacher training in England if they fail basic numeracy and literacy tests three times, under tougher rules to raise teaching standards.
At present students are allowed to take unlimited re-sits while they train.
The Department for Education said one in 10 trainees takes the numeracy test more than three times, while the figure is one in 14 for the literacy test.
The National Union of Teachers said it considered the tests "superfluous".
The aim is to improve the standard of students entering teaching.
From September 2012, candidates will have to pass the assessments before they are permitted to begin their training courses.
SAMPLE QUESTIONS Q: Teachers organised activities for three classes of 24 pupils and four classes of 28 pupils. What was the total number of pupils involved?
A: 184.
Q: There were no " " remarks at the parents' evening. Is the missing word:
a) dissaproving
b) disaproveing
c) dissapproving
d) disapproving?
A: d
Q: For a science experiment a teacher needed 95 cubic centimetres of vinegar for each pupil. There were 20 pupils in the class. Vinegar comes in 1,000 cubic centimetre bottles. How many bottles of vinegar were needed?
A: 2
Q: The children enjoyed the " " nature of the task. Is the correct word:
a) mathmatical
b) mathematical
c) mathemmatical
d) mathematicall
A: b
The tests are the same for both primary and secondary school teacher trainees, who must also have achieved a grade C or above in GCSE maths and English.
'Toughening up'
The numeracy tests cover reading graphs and tables, as well as mental arithmetic questions including percentages and fractions.
Grammar, punctuation, spelling and comprehension are covered in the literacy tests.
The government is expected to publish details on Monday of changes to teacher training.
Education Secretary Michael Gove said the proposals would "emphasise our commitment to boosting the status of the profession by toughening up the recruitment process and ensuring that all new teachers have a real depth of knowledge in their subject".
But the NUT said candidates who needed several resits to pass the tests were dyslexic, had English as an additional language, or were less familiar with the on-line testing system.
"The NUT has always argued that the entry requirements for initial teacher education, which include GCSE passes grade C or above in English and maths, should be sufficient and make the additional skills tests superfluous," said General Secretary Christine Blower.
The National Association of Head Teachers said it was right to have "demanding expectations" of recruits to the profession.
But the union's general secretary, Russell Hobby, said: "We should not fall into the trap of thinking, however, that academic excellence necessarily makes someone a great teacher. We want smart people, but we also want visionary, caring, energetic, creative and thoughtful people."
And he warned that pay levels and cuts to pensions were deterrents to new entrants.
The Department for Education has already said that training bursaries, available for sciences, maths and languages, will only be available for candidates who have a 2.2 degree or above.
It also plans to develop a network of "teaching schools", which will focus on training teachers, in conjunction with universities, as well as professional development for more experienced staff.
The first 100 are due to launch in September 2011, with another 400 expected in the following three years, the DfE said.
Paul Ryan's poll numbers are tanking — and he has no one to blame but himself.
Come 2018, House Speaker Paul Ryan might find himself struggling to keep his seat in Congress.
That's according to a new poll, which shows Ryan — one of the most recognizable names in politics — with a shockingly narrow 6-point lead over Randy Bryce, a largely unknown Democratic challenger.
Bryce entered the political scene with a viral video in June, but most Wisconsin voters remain unfamiliar with him. In the new poll, 79 percent of likely voters said they don't even know enough about Bryce to say whether they view him favorably or unfavorably.
Despite his obscurity, Bryce has managed to pull himself within 6 points of beating Ryan, who has represented Wisconsin's 1st congressional district since 1999. Each time he has come up for re-election, Ryan has won by a comfortable margin.
But that might soon change, especially as voters get to know Ryan's challenger.
According to the new poll, Ryan's favorability is falling while his unfavorability numbers are on the rise, leading to an overall 10 point negative shifts since August, when Ryan was called out by constituents at a fake “town hall” meeting.
Voters overwhelmingly say they're unhappy with the tax scheme that Ryan is championing, and they view him as out of touch with their needs. They also “believe that he's changed, that his rise has changed him and changed his priorities, and he's not the same person he once was,” Politico reports.
Even though he still has a narrow lead, Ryan is likely facing a tough road ahead. Bryce has raised more money than any other Democratic candidate in the country, and he's ready to make Ryan fight for his seat — forcing him to spent time and money campaigning at home, rather than going on the road and stumping for other Republican candidates.
And although the election is still nearly a year away, it's pretty embarrassing to look at those poll numbers and realize that voters dislike you so much that they're flocking towards a candidate they don't even know yet.
Canadian Niagara Power Inc. (“CNPI”), wishes to inform its customers that the electrical supply for the Town of Fort Erie will be temporarily transferred from the Ontario grid to the New York grid, via the newly constructed International Power Line (IPL). In order to complete this transfer, a town wide power outage will occur on Sunday, April 17th, 2016, between the hours of 03:00 am and 03:30 am. While the estimated length of the power outage is approximately 30 minutes, CNPI will endeavour to minimize the total duration of the interruption.
The supply transfer and associated power outage are required to facilitate upgrades to the electrical transmission system in Fort Erie. The work is expected to take approximately one week to complete. An additional outage will be required upon completion of this work in order to transfer the supply back to the Ontario grid. This additional outage is scheduled to occur on Sunday April 24th between the hours of 03:00 am and 03:30 am.
“In order to facilitate this necessary upgrade work, these short duration town wide power outages are required. CNPI recognizes that this may be an inconvenience to our customers and we have chosen times we believe to be the least disruptive. We appreciate our customer's patience and understanding during these outages” said Kristine Carmichael, Manager of Corporate Communications & Customer Service at CNPI. “We are pleased that we are able to minimize what would have been an eight hour outage to thirty minutes or less by utilizing the newly constructed IPL. This underscores the benefit to having this inter-tie”.
Customers may wish to visit CNPI's website to review the Power Interruption Procedures as well as the Fire Safety Notice at www.cnpower.com/power-outage/power-outage-information. Customers may also follow CNPI on Facebook and or Twitter using #TownWide2016 for information before and during the outages.
For more information please contact our offices at 905-871-0330 or visit our website at www.cnpower.com.
*Media Release Provided by CNPI
Episode: Fr-Agile Development - Episode 49 Intelligent in an artificial kind of way - Episode 48 Who put that thing in my internet? - Episode 47 Tracking U - Episode 46 Meltdown Inspector - Episode 45 Plain Ketchup – Episode 044 Don't Rock the Voting Machines - Episode 043 Bloaty and the Superfish - Episode 042 Handsomeware - Episode 041 Advertising After 40 - Episode 040 Log ALL THE THINGS - Episode 039 Smashley Badison - Episode 038 Hardware Snoops, Dawg - Episode 037 Hackers Getting Hacked - Episode 036 Legal Wiretapping - Episode 035 Open Source Security Architecture Group - Episode 034 Disclosure and Something About Hats - Episode 033 Sony Breachpocolypse - Episode 032 Private Web Surfing - Episode 031 iCloud Breach - Episode 030 Shellshocker! - Episode 029a Unix Security - Episode 029 News Update - Episode 028 Software For Rent - Episode 027 Lets get active! (Directory) - Episode 026 Once More Unto the Breach - Episode 025 Jobs in InfoSec - Episode 024 Enterprise Scale Development - Episode 023 Security on a Cellular Level - Episode 022 Crypto Continued - Episode 021 Cryptographic Adventures of Alice, Bob and Eve - Episode 020 Preemptive Heartbleed - Episode 019 CanSecWest Recap - Episode 018 Let's Social Engineer Max a Better Microphone - Episode 017 Credit Card Compromise - Episode 016 And BOOM goes the dynamic input - Episode 015 Let's talk about stacks baby! - Episode 014 Hardening is Haaaard - Episode 013 More Common Web Vulnerabilities - Episode 012 Common Web Vulnerabilities - Episode 011 Risk on the Cat-ernet - Episode 010 Seven Layer Burrito - Episode 009 Dr Ro-botnets - Episode 008 Passwords and other bad ideas - Episode 007 Skynet Protection – Episode 006 Networking2: Networking – Episode 005 Networking: It's a Traaaap! - Episode 004 Kernel Sunders - Episode 003 Ones Vs Zeros - Episode 002 Make Your SexyRobot Work - Pilot Episode 001 Shownotes: EP048 EP047 EP046 EP045 EP044 EP043 EP042 EP041 EP040 EP039 EP038 EP037 EP036 EP035 EP034 EP033 EP032 EP031 EP030 EP029a EP029 EP028 EP027 EP026 EP025 EP024 EP023 EP022 EP021 EP020 EP019 EP018 EP017 EP016 EP015 EP014 EP013 EP012 EP011 EP010 EP009 EP008 EP007 EP006 EP005 EP004 EP003 EP002 EP001 BSides Toronto 2015 presentation About us: Podcast Host Introductions
It's either ingenious or extremely lazy.
A robot is lining up at the flagship Apple Store in Sydney, Australia, in place of its human controller, who has to get on with her normal life.
In the smartest time management yet seen in an iPhone line, Lucy Kelly has outsourced the job to a telepresence robot, also called Lucy. The robot, created by Californian company Double Robotics, is an iPad attached to a Segway-type device that allows a person to be somewhat physically present despite not being there.
The robot arrived to take the position of fourth-in-line at the flagship Apple Store on George Street at 5 a.m. Thursday, with Kelly communicating through it from 6 a.m. It is believed to be the first time a robot has lined up and purchased an iPhone.
Kelly is meanwhile chilling in the warmth of her office, while her robot counterpart stands in the wind and rain. The company she works for, media agency Atomic 212, has sourced and built six of these robots to play with in their office — her boss even attended meetings in Sydney while he was in Bali using one of them.
"We use them for everything, just to show new technology. It is a cool demonstration of what the future of technology will be," Kelly told Mashable Australia. "We are obsessed with them." She said it works by using an app that allows a person to connect from anywhere and communicate through the iPad. Kelly has been using it to communicate with her new friends in the line and inquisitive passersby.
Lucy is fourth in line to get the new iPhone 6S. Image: Atomic 212
The robot is awaiting the arrival of the latest iPhones on Friday, the iPhone 6S and the iPhone 6S Plus. Australia is the first country in the world to get the devices, due to the advantage of timezones.
She will wait in line for one night, in a special tent that comes complete with a charger to keep her juiced up and gives shelter from the rain. Kelly will be her face and voice for the duration. "I am staying here the whole time," she said. If all goes to plan, the robot will then purchase the iPhone without any human interaction.
Lucy Kelly is planning to stay awake for the wait.
She said the robot is "super cool" and it allows her to feel like she is there hanging out with the other tech geeks at the front of the line. "I wanted to be one of the first people to have the iPhone 6S, but obviously because of work I can't spend two days standing in line waiting for a mobile phone," she explained. "So my boss said 'Just take the robot down, you'll still be able to do your work, but you'll still be waiting in line.'"
Lindsay hanging with Lucy. Image: Atomic 212
It joins entrepreneur Lindsay Handmer, who is first in line and has been camping outside the store for 17 days. On Thursday, the line grew significantly in size from the brave few who have withstood the elements since Apple's announcement.
Kelly says there is no jealousy from those diehard fans who have been freezing through the nights. "Everyone thinks it is pretty cool, they were happy to let a robot go ahead," she said.
Yep, we're going with ingenious.
Presley is staying with her owners. We received so many wonderful adoption offers for this special girl, but the owners realized that they just could not bear parting with her, and will do whatever it takes to make things work in their home. We are so happy for everyone. It's the best kind of happy ending!
Here is how our rehoming team presented Presley to attract so many wonderful adoption offers:
Hi, My name is Presley!
If you are looking for the absolute best family dog on earth, here I am! I LOVE children (and people of all ages and sizes!). I am about the most devoted dog you will ever meet. I am great with other dogs, too. I have never met a cat, but I am sure I would like them, as long as they like me.
I am an American Pitbull Terrier. Please don't let my breed color your perception of me. I am the most laid back, affectionate, stable and gentle family dog you could imagine. We were once the most popular family dog breed in America for good reason – we're great dogs!
I live with my family in West Jordan, a suburb of Salt Lake City, Utah.
I am not all that big – just 50 pounds. I have a wonderful brindle coat with white markings that make me really pretty. I am just under 2 years old and very well behaved. I am house broken, crate trained and actually a bit on the shy side. I am not one of those dogs that jump all over people. I am polite and sweet! I have been spayed and vaccinated. I am microchipped too. I leash trained and have even gone through obedience training.
I am just the perfect dog looking for the perfect home!
My owners love me so much. They brought me into their home as a companion for their older dog. Unfortunately he doesn't seem to like me very much and he has shown aggression towards me on several occasions. As much as it breaks their hearts, my owners feel that it will be best to find me a new home where I will be kept safe, happy and healthy. I would love a home with some great kids to play with, a nice, big, securely fenced yard, and people who have lots of time to spend with me. I love getting exercise and snuggling!
I am a “ready to love” dog with so much love, devotion, companionship and joy to offer my new family. I can't wait to meet you!
Love, Presley
Location: west jordan, Ut, 84088
Type of Pet: Dog
Breed: Pitbull Terrier
Age: 1yr 10 months
Color/Coat Type: Brindle
Size: 50lbs
Health Issues: No
Behavior Issues: None
Presley is:
Spayed, Neutered, Microchipped, Fully vaccinated, Crate Trained, Litter Trained, House Broken, Leash Trained, Obedience Trained
Presley gets along with:
Babies, Toddlers, Small Children, Older Children, Adults Only, Dogs
Personality
Presley is very lovable and loves to be close and comforted a lot by people. She is very mellow and loves playing fetch and tug of war. She is very good with babies, toddlers, children and other dogs. We have not had her around cats or other animals so im not sure how she is with them. She was crated trained when we brought her home so we leave it open and available for her at all times, she prefers to sleep in her crate at night but sometimes wants to sleep in our oldest daughters room. She is house broken and has only had a couple accidents when we brought her home over a year ago. She gets timid with car rides and with a leash so we have been using a halti leash when we walk her or take her out and she does really well that.
Reason For Rehoming
We have another dog that we have had for 3 years and we have a 20 month old toddler. When i had the baby our first dog started acting out and misbehaving. My husband thought we should get another dog so she had some company and another dog to play with while we were busy with the baby. My husband brought Presley home from an adoption clinic at a pet store. Now i have 2 dogs and a toddler that need all my attention and im getting burnt out and feeling guilty because I know Im not able to give Presley all the attention she needs for her personality.
Presley lives in West Jordan, Utah. It is a short distance from the following towns:
[one_third]
Midvale, UT
South Jordan, UT
Taylorsville, UT
Kearns, UT
Murray, UT
Sandy, UT
Riverton, UT
Millcreek, UT
West Valley City, UT
Cottonwood Heights, UT
Draper, UT
[/one_third]
[one_third]Holladay, UT
South Salt Lake, UT
Canyon Rim, UT
East Millcreek, UT
Rebecca Meadows Condo, UT
Eggli Meadows, UTHeatherwood, UT
Fontaine Claire, UT
Willow View Estates, UT
Didier Minor, UT
Colonial Estates, UT
[/one_third]
[one_third_last]
Twin Lakes, UT
Greenfield Meadows, UT
Steadman Acres, UT
Harvest Estates, UT
Fox Place Minor, UT
Nottingham Moor, UT
Shiloh, UT
Valley High, UT
Westwood Ranchettes, UT
Midvalley Terrace, UT[/one_third_last]
Update: An image of 'Darius' has been taken off this story after a request from the family
The French government looks set to continue its controversial policies towards the country's Roma community, despite growing criticism that they have created a “toxic atmosphere” which may have led to the savage lynching of a Roma teenager.
“There is a toxic atmosphere in France at the moment, going right up to government level, which allows anti-Roma speech and behaviour. This violent attack against a young Roma boy is partly the tragic outcome of this,” said Violeta Naydenova of the Open Society Foundations.
The 16-year-old boy, Darius, was still in a coma between life and death one week after being dragged from the squalid camp where he and his family lived, beaten to a pulp and dumped in a supermarket trolley. He is being guarded by two police officers in the Paris hospital treating him.
Police, who have made no arrests of any suspects in the case, said the balaclava-wearing vigilante mob accused him of burgling a nearby apartment.
The pictures of the teenager slumped in the trolley, published by The Telegraph, have shocked France.
The gruesome images have added to the heated debate about government policy towards France's 20,000-strong Roma community, most of whom come from Romania and Bulgaria and who live in makeshift encampments on the poor fringes of cities.
President François Hollande denounced the attack on Darius as an “unspeakable and unjustifiable attack on all the principles on which our republic was founded.” But critics say government policy has stigmatised the Roma, who are frequently accused of burglaries and of running child pickpocket rings.
France's prime minister, Manuel Valls, came under stinging criticism late last year when, as interior minister, he said most Roma in France had no intention of integrating and should be sent back to their countries of origin.
The current Socialist government has pursued the controversial policies begun under the previous conservative administration of Nicolas Sarkozy, demolishing Roma camps and sending many Roma back to their home countries.
Last year, a total of 19,380 were deported, but many have since likely returned to France.
On Wednesday, riot police moved in to clear a Roma camp that had housed around 400 people near the southern city of Marseille.
“This is a new act of barbarism on the part of the state which operates policies that resolve nothing,” said Jean-Claude Aparicio of the rights group Ligue des droits de l'Homme.
Government orders state that when a Roma camp is cleared, officials should offer alternative housing for its residents and make sure that children are transferred to another school.
But Amnesty International and other rights groups say that these guidelines are mostly ignored.
In the case of Marseille, only 18 families will be rehoused, Amnesty said in a statement.
“Dozens of children will be without a roof over their heads, when just the day before they were going to school and had a minimum of stability,” it said.
Darius's family had moved to the camp they were living in, located in the bleak northern suburbs of Paris, just three weeks before the brutal attack after being evicted from another camp nearby.
They are now believed to be hiding in another camp somewhere in the Saint-Denis suburbs of northern Paris.
“The family is afraid, afraid of everybody,” one man at the camp claiming to be a family friend told AFP news agency. The family themselves are reportedly refusing to talk to the press.
The horrific attack on Darius has caused widespread anger in his native Romania, where television and print media have given the story wide coverage.
One Romanian European Member of Parliament blamed France's anti-immigrant National Front party for stirring hatred of Roma.
“I think that Marine Le Pen and the hate speech propagated by National Front are morally guilty for the disfigurement of this child,” said Damian Drãghici.
The National Front, founded by firebrand Jean-Marie Le Pen and now led by his daughter Marine, took first place in France in European Parliament elections last month, the first time the far right anti-EU party taken pole position in a nationwide poll in its four-decade history.
French officials at the interior ministry were not immediately available for comment when contacted by the Telegraph for comment on whether government policy would change in the wake of the lynching of Darius.
European diplomats are holding Israel accountable over an incident where IDF servicemen attacked a EU humanitarian convoy in the West Bank on Friday. So far Tel Aviv has left the scandal in limbo, offering no official explanation for the incident.
Diplomats from several EU countries have spoken out against the shocking incident of harassing a person with diplomatic immunity, clearly awaiting some sort of official reaction from the state of Israel.
After disturbing photos of the French diplomat, Marion Fesneau-Castaing, spread on the ground with IDF soldiers standing around her hit international news, the scandal over hijacked EU aid to homeless Bedouins from demolished villages in the West Bank has gained momentum.
“EU representatives have already contacted the Israeli authorities to demand an explanation and expressed their concern at the incident,” says a statement issued by the spokesmen for EU foreign policy, Catherine Ashton and Humanitarian Aid Commissioner, Kristalina Georgieva.
An EU official described the Israeli actions as “shocking and outrageous”, the BBC reported.
The British Consulate General in Jerusalem is “concerned at reports that the Israeli military authorities have prevented the affected community from receiving humanitarian assistance,” the consulate's spokesman said.
“We have repeatedly made clear to the Israeli authorities our concerns over such demolitions, which we view as causing unnecessary suffering to ordinary Palestinians, as harmful to the peace process and contrary to international humanitarian law,” the spokesman added.
The Israeli authorities should “live up to their obligations as occupying power to protect those communities under their responsibility,” the UN Humanitarian Coordinator James Rawley said.
‘Illegal diplomatic activity'
The Israeli Foreign Ministry's spokesperson, Paul Hirschson, has threatened to lodge a complaint over Marion Fesneau-Castaing's actions, Agence France-Presse reported.
“If she did participate then a formal complaint will be filed because that is not the way diplomats behave,”he said.
A piece of footage has been circulating in the media showing Fesneau-Castaing striking an Israeli soldier in his face. The video has outraged the Israeli Foreign Ministry.
It issued a statement saying that Israel “rejects the one-sided announcement which was published by the spokespersons of HR Ashton and Commissioner Georgieva,” which “ignores the European diplomats' blunt violation of the law, their disregard to a ruling of the Israeli court and their unnecessary provocation under the alleged pretext of humanitarian aid,” Israel National News reported.
The Israeli ministry demanded an explanation from European diplomats and governments for what it called a “blatant violation of diplomatic codes of conduct.” It added that Tel-Aviv will not “accept this misconduct.”
On Saturday the EU ambassador in Israel called the Foreign Ministry Deputy Director-General for Europe, Rafi Shutz, demanding explanations regarding the IDF in the West Bank on Friday.
"What was done there by the European diplomats was a provocation,”said Shutz as quoted by the Haaretz.
Mr Shutz claimed that force against the female French diplomat was used because she slapped one of the soldiers. He also announced that the state of Israel is looking into allegations that foreign diplomats“abused their diplomatic privileges”.
Because Palestinian construction at the site of former Khirbet Al-Makhul village was ruled illegal by an Israeli court, the European diplomats were engaging in illegal activity, Shutz stated. He also pointed out that humanitarian aid to Palestinians should be delivered through the proper channels, coordinated with Israel.
The IDF explained the use of stun grenades during the incident, claiming that stones were thrown at security forces. Stun grenades were thrown directly into a group of European diplomats, aid workers and locals who were trying to deliver emergency aid to the residents of a demolished Palestinian village, Reuters reported.
On Friday a truck with EU humanitarian aid for the villagers of the demolished Khirbet Al-Makhul settlement wasattacked by IDF personnel, who confiscated the truck and the payload. French diplomat Marion Fesneau-Castaing, who attempted to prevent confiscation of the aid, was pulled out of the truck and forced to the ground. The incident received wide international coverage.
Houses, stables and a kindergarten at Khirbet Al-Makhul village were demolished on Monday after a decision by Israel's High Court, which ruled that villagers had illegal building permits. The villagers refused to leave the ruins saying they have been living on that land for generations.
The seizure incident of a truck carrying humanitarian aid has become yet another page in the row between Brussels and Tel Aviv. In July the EU announced it is going to stop all financial assistance to Israeli organizations operating in the occupied territories, starting from 2014.
The government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu reacted angrily, denouncing the move as interference in Israel-Palestine relations and retaliated by blocking EU humanitarian aid to tens of thousands of Palestinians in the West Bank.
Israel and the Palestinian Autonomy remain in fruitless peace talks, with the major stumbling block being the ongoing construction of Jewish settlements in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, occupied since the 1967 Middle East war.
Peter "ppd" Dager has been named CEO of the newly independent Evil Geniuses, after Twitch announced earlier today that they will no longer own an interest in the organization.
"I'm happy to finally announce EG as its own independently operating esports brand," ppd said in a press release. "Five years ago I could not imagine my life being where it is at today, but here I am. I want to thank everyone from Twitch and those here at EG for believing in me as the leader to continue to build this company."
After stepping down as captain of EG's Dota 2 roster in September, ppd became a general manager at org, overseeing their Dota 2 team as well as their Street Fighter division. With Twitch granting ownership of the team to its current and former players, ppd now takes on the role of CEO and co-owner.
Related: ppd says a return to pro Dota 2 is still possible: 'I never really officially retired'
Twitch acquired the teams when it purchased GoodGame Agency in 2014, though they shut down GGA in August, just after founder Alex Garfield left the company.
EG currently fields a Dota 2 team, a Call of Duty team, a Halo team, several Street Fighter players and one inactive Super Smash Bros. Melee player. As one of the oldest and most successful orgs in North America, it has amassed a fanbase in the tens of thousands and is considered a leader in Western esports.
Daniel Rosen is a news editor for theScore esports. You can follow him on Twitter.
Eugene “Rod” Rodenberry, the son of “Star Trek” creator Gene Roddenberry, has joined the new “Star Trek” series from CBS Television as an executive producer, TheWrap has learned.
Roddenberry (pictured above), who serves as the president of Roddenberry Entertainment, will be joined by Trevor Roth, the company's COO, who will also serve as an executive producer.
“Gene Roddenberry, the Great Bird of the Galaxy, left a finely feathered nest for all who love ‘Star Trek' to enjoy,” series showrunner Bryan Fuller said. “And it is only fitting that Rod Roddenberry and Roddenberry Entertainment join our new ‘Trek' adventure to ensure that his father's legacy of hope for the future and infinite diversity in infinite combinations runs through our tales as Gene Roddenberry intended.”
Also Read: 'Wrath of Khan' Director Joins New 'Star Trek' Series as Writer, Producer
Roddenberry Entertainment, the production company Gene Roddenberry created in 1967, will also co-produce the new “Star Trek” television series alongside CBS Television Studios, Secret Hideout and Living Dead Guy Productions.
The new series will launch with a special preview broadcast on the CBS television network in early 2017. The premiere episode and all subsequent first-run episodes will then be available exclusively in the United States on CBS All Access, the network's digital subscription video on demand and live streaming service. The new “Star Trek” series marks the first original series developed for CBS All Access.
The next chapter in the “Star Trek” franchise will also be distributed concurrently for television and multiple platforms around the world by CBS Studios International.
Also Read: 5 Reasons Bryan Fuller Is the Perfect Choice to Lead New 'Star Trek' Series
“Star Trek” will be produced by CBS Television Studios in association with Alex Kurtzman‘s Secret Hideout, Fuller's Living Dead Guy Productions and Roddenberry Entertainment. Kurtzman, Fuller and Heather Kadin will all serve as executive producers along with Roddenberry and Roth.
Power does not rest with the electorate. It does not reside with either of the two major political parties. It is not represented by the press. It is not arbitrated by a judiciary that protects us from predators. Power rests with corporations. And corporations gain very lucrative profits from war, even wars we have no chance of winning. All polite appeals to the formal systems of power will not end the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. We must physically obstruct the war machine or accept a role as its accomplice.
The moratorium on anti-war protests in 2004 was designed to help elect the Democratic presidential candidate, Sen. John Kerry. It was a foolish and humiliating concession. Kerry snapped to salute like a windup doll when he was nominated. He talked endlessly about victory in Iraq. He assured the country that he would not have withdrawn from Fallujah. And by the time George W. Bush was elected for another term the anti-war movement had lost its momentum. The effort to return Congress to Democratic control in 2006 and end the war in Iraq became another sad lesson in incredulity. The Democratic Party, once in the majority, funded and expanded the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. And Barack Obama in 2008 proved to be yet another advertising gimmick for the corporate and military elite. All our efforts to work within the political process to stop these wars have been abject and miserable failures. And while we wasted our time, tens of thousands of Iraqi, Afghan and Pakistani civilians, as well as U.S. soldiers and Marines, were traumatized, maimed and killed.
Either you are against war or you are not. Either you use your bodies to defy the warmakers and weapons manufacturers until the wars end or you do not. Either you have the dignity and strength of character to denounce those who ridicule or ignore your core moral beliefs — including Obama — or you do not. Either you stand for something or you do not. And because so many in the anti-war movement proved to be weak and naive in 2004, 2006 and 2008 we will have to start over. This time we must build an anti-war movement that will hold fast. We must defy the entire system. We must acknowledge that it is not our job to help Democrats win elections. The Democratic Party has amply proved, by its failure to stand up for working men and women, its slavishness to Wall Street and its refusal to end these wars, that it cannot be trusted. We must trust only ourselves. And we must disrupt the system. The next chance, in case you missed the last one, to protest these wars will come Saturday, March 19, the eighth anniversary of the invasion of Iraq. Street demonstrations are scheduled in San Francisco, Los Angeles, Chicago, and Washington, D.C. You can find details on www.answercoalition.org/national/index.html.
We are spending, much of it through the accumulation of debt, nearly a trillion dollars a year to pay for these wars. We drive up the deficits to wage war while we have more than 30 million people unemployed, some 40 million people living in poverty and tens of millions more in a category euphemistically called “near poverty.” The profits of weapons manufacturers and private contractors have quadrupled since the invasion of Afghanistan. But the cost for corporate greed has been chronic and long-term unemployment and underemployment and the slashing of federal and state services. The corporations, no matter how badly the wars are going, make huge profits from the conflicts. They have no interest in turning off their money-making machine. Let Iraqis die. Let Afghans die. Let Pakistanis die. Let our own die. And the mandarins in Congress and the White House, along with their court jesters on the television news shows, cynically “feel our pain” and sell us out for bundles of corporate cash.
Michael Prysner, a veteran of the Iraq War and one of the co-founders of March Forward!, gets it. His group is one of those organizing the March 19 protests. Prysner joined the Army out of high school in June 2001. He was part of the Iraq invasion force. He worked during the war in Iraq tracking targets and calling in airstrikes and artillery barrages. He took part in nighttime raids on Iraqi homes. He worked as an interrogator. He did ground surveillance missions and protected convoys. He left the Army in 2005, disgusted by the war and the lies told to sustain it. He has been involved since leaving the military in anti-recruiting drives at high schools and street protests. He was arrested with 130 others in front of the White House during the Dec. 16 anti-war protest organized by Veterans for Peace.
“I believed going into the war that we were there to help the Iraqi people and find weapons of mass destruction,” he said when we spoke a few days ago. “But it quickly became clear that these two reasons for the war were absolutely false. If you mentioned weapons of mass destruction to intelligence officers they would laugh at you. It was not even part of the mission to look for these things. If it was part of the mission I would have known because I was part of the only intelligence company in the north of the country. I thought that maybe we were there to help the Iraqi people, but all I saw when I was there were Iraqis brutalized and their living conditions deteriorate drastically. Iraqis would tell me we were worse than Saddam. I soon realized there was a different purpose for the war, that we were putting in place a permanent military occupation. It was my firsthand experience during my deployment that showed me the reality of the Iraq War and led me to begin to question U.S. foreign policy. I began to wonder what U.S. foreign policy as a whole was about. I saw that Iraq was a microcosm. The U.S. military is used to conquer countries for the rich, to seize markets, land, resources and labor for Wall Street. This is what drives U.S. foreign policy.”“When Obama was elected in 2008 the majority of the country had turned against the Iraq War,” he said. “You could not be a Democrat running for office without giving lip service to being against the Iraq War. The reason people were against the war is because there was a constant, senseless death of U.S. troops and Iraqi civilians. It was a squandering of our resources. This has not changed, despite the rebranding of the occupation. U.S. soldiers are still being killed, wounded and psychologically traumatized, especially those on their third, fourth and fifth deployment who were traumatized in previous deployments and are being re-traumatized. There were two U.S. soldiers killed in Iraq a few days ago. The reasons that led people to oppose the war in 2003 are still in effect. All that has changed is that the U.S. has been able to recruit enough Iraqis to put in the forefront and take the brunt of the combat operations with U.S. soldiers a few steps behind. U.S. soldiers are still involved in combat. One of our members [of March Forward!], who joined our group about a month ago, is in Iraq now. He told me yesterday that he was hit harder than he has ever been hit on his nine months of deployment. Combat is still a reality. People are still being killed and maimed.”
“The war is still going on,” he lamented. “It is still bad for U.S. soldiers, and Iraq is completely destroyed. It is a catastrophe for the Iraqi people. To call this current operation ‘New Dawn,' like this is a new day for the Iraqi people, ignores the fact that Iraqis have no electricity, live with constant violence, have no functioning government, have occupying forces still in their country and suffer rampant birth defects from the depleted uranium and other things. Iraq's ‘New Dawn' is a horror. It will remain that way until Iraq is given justice, which is a complete and immediate withdrawal of all occupying forces and heavy reparations paid to that country.”
Iraq, despite the brutality of Saddam Hussein, was a prosperous country with a highly educated middle class before the war. Its infrastructure was modern and efficient. Iraqis enjoyed a high standard of living. The country did not lack modern conveniences. Things worked. And being in Iraq, as I often was when I covered the Middle East for The New York Times, while unnerving because of state repression, was never a hardship. Since our occupation the country has tumbled into dysfunction. Factories, hospitals, power plants, phone service, sewage systems and electrical grids do not work. Iraqis, if they are lucky, get three hours of electricity a day. Try this in 110-degree heat. Poverty is endemic. More than a million Iraqi civilians have been killed. Nearly 5 million have been displaced from their homes or are refugees. The Mercer Quality of Living survey last year ranked Baghdad last among cities — the least livable on the planet. Iraq, which once controlled its own oil, has been forced to turn its oil concessions over to foreign corporations. That is what we have bequeathed to Iraq — violence, misery and theft.
It is not as if the Iraq and Afghanistan wars have popular support. The latest CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll shows that 63 percent of the American public opposes U.S. involvement in Afghanistan. And the level of discontent over the war in Iraq is even higher. Yet we continue to accept the duplicity of bankrupt liberal institutions and a corrupt political process that year after year betrays us. Public opinion is on our side. We should mobilize it to fight back. When I and the other protesters were arrested outside the White House on Dec. 16, several of the police officers who had been deployed as military members to Afghanistan or Iraq muttered to veterans as they handcuffed them that they were right about the wars. The anti-war sentiment is widespread, and we must find the courage to make it heard.
“All these people join the military because there is an abysmal job market and tuition rates are skyrocketing,” Prysner said. “Many young people are cut off from a college education. People are funneled into the military so they can make a living, have a home, health care, take care of their children and have an education. If a fraction of the money spent on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan was used to meet human needs, kids would be able to go to college at affordable rates. We would be able to create jobs for young people when they get out of high school. Vast amounts of wealth, which we create, are poured into these wars and the military while people here are facing increasing hardship. We have to demand and fight for change, not ask for it.”
“We supposedly elected the most progressive president we have seen in a long time and the Democrats took control of the House and the Senate, but the wars have only expanded and intensified,” Prysner said. “The wars are now going into other countries, especially Pakistan and Yemen. The Democrats had a filibuster-proof majority in Congress. We had a seemingly progressive president. But all we got was more war, more military spending, more bombing of innocent people abroad and more U.S. troops coming home in coffins. This should eradicate and shatter the idea that convincing the Democrats to be on our side will accomplish anything. Left to its own devices Washington will continue its war drive. It will continue to dominate these countries and use them for staging grounds to invade other countries. There has been no real change in our foreign policy. If we are hurting the Democrats at this point, then fine. We need to build an independent political movement that is outside of the Establishment. This is the only way we have ever won real victories in our history.”
Chris Hedges is a senior fellow at The Nation Institute. His newest book is “Death of the Liberal Class.”
UPDATED, Sept. 24, 10:48 a.m. ET: The nude photo leak threat targeting Emma Watson earlier this week turned out to be a viral marketing stunt by a site calling itself Rantic Marketing. Rantic claims to want to shut down the website 4chan, but the "social media marketing enterprise" may itself just be a hoax.
The original website surrounding the false leaks, EmmaYouAreNext.com, threatened to release nude photographs of the 24-year-old actress and included a clock counting down to Saturday at midnight ET. The person who posted the website said it was in retaliation for Watson's well-received speech that she gave at the United Nations on Sept. 20.
However, by midnight on Wednesday, the URL redirected to Rantic Marketing's website. Watson's face and the countdown clock has been replaced with a banner that says, "#shutdown4chan" and an open letter to President Barack Obama that claims celebrity publicists hired the marketing company to popularize a call for Internet censorship and the end of 4chan.
See also: Social Media Goes Wild Over Massive Celebrity Nude Photo Leak
Initially, the threats were reportedly posted on the anonymous, forum-based website 4chan, which was previously the center of previous celebrity photo hacks.
An earlier version of Rantic's website claimed to have worked with such companies as McDonald's and Rockstar Games. Mashable has reached out to those companies for comment.
It is still unknown if Rantic Marketing is a real company or if the Rantic website is simply another stunt in itself. Mashable reached out to Rantic via the email address on its website, but the message was returned as a failure. Business Insider attributed Rantic to "the most notorious gang of pranksters on the Internet."
Rantic listed "Brad Cockingham" as its CEO and founder, but no further information about that name could be found.
A Reddit thread posted on Tuesday outed Rantic Marketing as being the source for the EmmaYouAreNext.com website, and pointed to a pastebin document where someone goes by "Gammarays" connected Rantic to the threats as well as the online magazine Foxweekly.com.
According to the document, Rantic.com, EmmaYouAreNext.com and FoxWeekly.com are all "hosted on the same server or share at least one server in common."
However an update to the pastebin claimed that the server status resource had been removed from the website. Mashable has not yet confirmed this claim.
UPDATE: The /server-status resource was removed from the server about the same time a series of cryptic tweets were made on the @RanticMarketing Twitter account.
Foxweekly was one of the first websites to blame 4chan for creating the threatening website. However, Foxweekly provided no evidence to verify that claim.
According to the Reddit thread, Foxweekly was previously known as Swenzy, and earlier SocialVEVO, both known for viral marketing pranks, including a similar countdown website surrounding a Family Guy hoax in 2013, the Daily Dot reports.
McLaren took overall honours in the French endurance classic in 1995, with JJ Lehto, Masanori Sekiya and Yannick Dalmas sharing the winning F1 GTR.
Its works programme continued until the end of 1997, with McLaren's last appearance coming in 1998.
Brown explained that a return to Le Mans for the Woking marque would fit with his remit of promoting the brand following his appointment as executive director of the McLaren Technology Group, which incorporates the car-making division.
"We have won Le Mans and the race is in our history, and part of my job is to decide where the McLaren brand should race," he told Motorsport.com's sister title Autosport.
"Going back to Le Mans is something we have identified and are discussing. Personally, I would love to see us go to Le Mans, and I'm not the only one with those views."
The ultimate decision on a return to the 24 Hours would be made by McLaren Automotive and chief operations officer Mike Flewitt, Brown stressed.
He said a Le Mans comeback would most likely come in the GTE ranks, but when asked if McLaren could build an LMP1 car in an attempt to repeat its outright triumph, he replied, "never say never".
Brown said that a GTE programme involving a World Endurance Championship assault "would take several years to put together".
The comments from Brown come after the appointment of a new head of motorsport in former Strakka team boss Dan Walmsley at McLaren Automotive's special operations division.
Brown said that it was "to be determined" if developing a GTE car would be handled in-house or by McLaren GT, the independent and self-funding company that has produced the manufacturer's GT3 and GT4 machinery since 2011.
McLaren GT boss Andrew Kirkaldy has repeatedly stressed that his company would need the support of McLaren to develop a car for the factory-dominated GTE division, as distinct from its GT3 and GT4 customer programmes.
"There have been discussions, but I can't say too much," he said. "The hope is that we would be involved."
McLaren GT has ongoing contracts that cover the life of the 650S GT3 and the 570S GT4 racers.
A GTE version of the MP4/12C GT3 was on the cards in 2012, with development due to start in '13.
The programme was shelved after the FIA and WEC promoter the Automobile Club de l'Ouest launched an ultimately unsuccessful bid to bring the GTE and GT3 regulations together.
Eric and Sam are joined by Aaron Anthony, William Orr and Andrew Marsh (@USSoccerFeed guys) to preview the USMNT MUST-WIN MATCH vs Costa Rica LIVE from the Atlanta Outlaws Watch Party at RiRa's! We'll take your calls and get reaction on the starting XI and expectations for the match!
Show starts at 7PM and we'll take it all the way up to kickoff! We'll have special interviews with people at the watch party so get ready for an action packed show!
If you've got thoughts, hot takes, opinions or just want to banter, call in the show from wherever you are in the world!
The Mouths of the South Podcast is an Atlanta United FC-specific podcast so be sure to subscribe to us on Stitcher and/or iTunes to get the podcast on your mobile devices if you're into that sort of thing. Rate us on iTunes and leave us some comments please! #fivestarsplease
Make sure to hit us up on the Wavve app! Send us your audio snippets or anything Atlanta United related and, if it's worthy, we'll play in on the podcast and discuss what you have to say!
Social Media
Eric Quintana (@EricQuintana47)
Sam Franco (@SamJFranco)
Andrew Marsh (@AndrewMarsh6)
Aaron Anthony (@AaronAnthony12)
William Orr (@WilliamOrr2110)
Mouths of the South Podcast (@MOTSPodcast)
US Soccer Feed (@USSoccerFeed)
On Monday, May 12, an email went out to the Illinois birding community that the Bowman brothers (Chris and Mark) had found a Fork-tailed Flycatcher at Gunnar Anderson Forest Preserve in Geneva, Illinois (Kane County). The last Fork-tailed Flycatcher seen in Illinois that many people saw was a one day wonder found by Josh Engel at Paul Douglas Forest Preserve (Cook County) on May 16th, 2005. Some birders missed that bird, and it was very refreshing to read that another had been found close enough that I could chase it in the same day.
I began making phone calls, and realized that all the birders I knew were either not going for the bird, or were on their way. I needed to find a way out there after school (which ended at 3:30), and I caught a break when I talked to Larry Krutulis and learned our friend Jeff would lend him his car after getting back from the flycatcher. All seemed good until Larry forgot his wallet at work. Plan B! My mom agreed to take us out there, as long as I drove to get practice. By 4:30 we were all on the road, on our way!
Arriving at around 5:20, we could see people were looking at something through the trees, so we hurried over. Turned out we had missed it by only about a minute, but the bird was in the area! I also heard muttering from my friend Aaron Gyllenhaal (one of the finders of the Elaenia in Chicago back in 2012) that a Connecticut Warbler had also been heard singing. I wandered to look for the Connecticut while everyone looked for the flycatcher, but soon heard shouting that the flycatcher was flying down the river! I immediately ran to the shore, and sure enough could see a bird similar to an Eastern Kingbird (which there were many), except it lacked a white tail band, and instead had a split tail! Fork-tailed Flycatcher! It was clear through binoculars that this birds tail was clearly not rounded but forked, that it had white shafts on the outer feathers, very brown wings, and a black cap. ABA bird 528, and Illinois bird 327. Below are two crummy photos I took, and a better photo by Mark Bowman (a finder of the bird).
There were lots of other migrants around, and I was able to find my first of year Blackpoll Warbler, Gray-cheeked Thrush, and a decent bird for the area, a Philadelphia Vireo! This was a county bird for many presents, and a nice consolidation since I couldn't find the Connecticut.
Thanks again to Mark and Chris Bowman for getting the information out quickly so that many Illinois birders could all see this great bird. Unfortunately, it was not relocated at all the next day (May 13th), despite many looking.
In Pop Flash, a new series of insights into Counter-Strike: Global Offensive [official site], Emily Richardson looks past the amazing clutches, crushing defeats and humiliating knives in the face to understand the culture and meta of Valve's everlasting competitive FPS. Why is it so popular? What the hell is that Scottish guy saying? And why can't anyone resist opening those damn crates?
This week, I spoke to veteran level designer Shawn ‘FMPONE' Snelling about map design in Counter-Strike and what it's like to construct levels for the most punishing and rewarding of FPS games. Having worked on the recent Cache and Season remakes, and some more famous maps besides, Shawn is known for his immaculate art style and well-balanced, flavourful levels.
At every major tournament, I see professional players playing the same maps in new and unexpected ways. It's not always as overt as Fnatic standing on a previously unknown, invisible ledge to snipe LDLC down at Dreamhack Winter, but players continue to use terrain in ever fluctuating ways – a five-man bunny-hop to catwalk on Nuke or a cheeky boost on Dust2's Short to shoot down Lower Dark. The game of Counter-Strike is one of nuance and delicacy, and in part, this is because of its maps.
As an FPS player, I find Counter-Strike's level design some of the most compelling in any game. The balance is so precise that it's a shame when poor map design comes along and wrecks it. Wall-clipping exploits, next-to-invisible sniper spots or a wildly imbalanced terrain advantage make me reeeaal grumpy. That's why the classics, the maps that have ruled over 1.6, Source and Global Offensive, stand so tall. To make a good Counter-Strike map is to create something close to perfection, because it has to be that good to please discern players.
The levels Shawn has remade follow some tried-and-tested formulas for good level design, and promote combat in an unusually balanced and engaging way. Three lanes divide the teams up nicely, giving the attackers plenty of options but never spreading the defending team too thin. An open, centre area offers a great place to kill or be killed fast, while connectors, boost-spots and sneaky corners offer versatility for special round-to-round tactics.
“Cache and Season are both fundamentally excellent Counter-Strike levels,” Shawn explains, “Cache was originally created by Volcano, an ex-professional player, and Season by Ted, a veteran in the CS mapping world. There is a lot of heritage in those projects. It's true that they're both three-lane maps, without a lot of height variation. But what's really great about both maps is that they have enough depth to remain interesting over many years, but are also relatively simple and easy to learn. The fact that both maps are 50-50 balanced in competitive gameplay doesn't hurt either.
“In terms of their overall layouts, Cache, Season, Inferno, Mirage, and Dust2, are probably the most “traditionally designed” maps in Counter-Strike, because all five layouts place extraordinary emphasis on control of a central nexus area. As a player, I like that design motif a lot.”
It's a design motif that players in general seem to like, too. Dust2 is easily the most famous of Counter-Strike's map repertoire, but Inferno, Mirage, Cache and now the revamped Season has all proved themselves to be big player favourites. With the exception of Season, which is still relatively new, these are also CS:GO's professional tournament maps. But building levels like these must take tremendous effort and remaking old favourites must, in turn, create enormous pressure. How do you know when to make a big change to fan favourite in favour of modern functionality, and how does art design play a role in bringing a dated map back to life?
“My role on Cache and Season was to “remake” them, by combining my capabilities as an environment artist with my experience as a level designer,” he explains. “Both levels have been part of Counter-Strike history since Source, but they lacked an artistic identity which set them apart. It was my job to first give the levels a unique and memorable theme with nice aesthetics, and then to tweak the designs for the “mainstream” without compromising their competitive spirit.
“My biggest struggle was probably during Cache. At one point, I thought I would have to abandon the project; it wasn't going very well. But Volcano had faith in what we were doing, and we managed to push through some of the early struggles. That project and Volcano definitely taught me a lot of my most valuable lessons about competitive level design, including maintaining an upbeat atmosphere and keeping readability high.
“In terms of restructuring, there are a lot of examples on Cache especially where we changed some stuff around not so much for the art design, but more for improving the player experience. I like movement to be smooth and easy, a good example that flies under the radar these days is the decision to change Cache's Upper B from a ladder into a ramp. There are plenty more examples, but I can't imagine Cache any other way now.”
This last thing resonates with me. I've always found verticality and height variation a threatening thing in CS. I'm not the world's best player, and I'm not known for consistently landing the all-important instant headshots. When my enemy is on a ramp or a higher platform, I feel more vulnerable than in any other FPS, because I suck at adjusting the vertical axis for headshotting fast. Hopefully, everyone else does too. Controlling sniper spots and using the high ground is vital in CS:GO and I ask Shawn how he works with height variation in mind.
“Vertical gameplay is satisfying, but it's also contextual. One thing I learned early on in CS:GO is that players don't want to have to check too many angles at once, and vertical angles always end up being the highest priority threats because death from above comes so quickly. If you're going to do vertical gameplay in CS:GO, it has to be pretty calculated and well designed. Catwalk on Dust2 is a great example of vertical gameplay, but compared to something like Q3DM6 it might as well be flat. Nuke is an example of a map where vertical gameplay contributed to balance issues, so it's gone back to the drawing board. I'm excited to see what Valve cooks up there, because it's going to be interesting and pretty educational. CS never really dives into verticality with enthusiasm, but like any other design constraint, a level designer could break it wide open if they understand the risks.”
Speaking of breaking things wide open, Shawn's ambitious art design is something that has elevated his two remakes – especially Season – away from the visual mundanity of many other maps. He's broken away from the dusty-brown of Counter-Strike's common sand-and-wood textures and made clean, bright levels with personality. Cache manages that brightness while still feeling like a strange, worn-out and abandoned part of old Chernobyl. Season's white walls are so sterile and its steel so mechanical that the deep green plants seem more alive than the basil plant on my kitchen table. (I keep forgetting to feed it.)
We play the levels of Counter-Strike hundreds of times over, revisiting and reappraising them each time. I ask Shawn if aesthetics can help prevent the frustration of repetition and add depth of character, even a thematic story. I then wonder if such depth can get in the way of playability. Maybe simplicity is the backbone of good design?
“Details matter,” he says. “That paint bucket I added to a level might seem trivial, and of course in the grand scheme of things it is, but I focus on the details because I want people to feel a visceral sense of quality when they play something I worked on. They might not care about that paint bucket, but they can tell I did and they know the lengths I went through to make them happy.
“I think it's important that areas tell stories. What kind of story is less important because to some extent it's better that the players fill in a lot of the blanks, but thematic details are really fun and contribute to the enjoyment of playing a level for as many hours as we often do.
“A good example for me is on the level Militia, in one part of the level there is an attic, with a solitary chair facing the attic's one window. Leaning against the chair is an axe, and nearby is a bottle filled with God-knows what. Details like that stick with me as a player, they're as fascinating and symbolic as they are simple. In terms of how to prevent details like these from interfering with the player experience, that one is pretty easy: ask the players. If they're annoyed, it's a fail.”
I think more about maps and their stories, and I'm reminded of how weird Agency is to me. It's a map that has an advertising building sitting on the roof of a skyscraper, with a helipad right outside the front door. The edge of the skyscraper isn't even fenced off – surely fictional employees will fall to their deaths after a few drinks at the Christmas party? How does a level designer make these environments believable? Does it even matter if they do?
“I think that's a bit more subjective,” Shawn says. “There are going to be things that levels do that violate basic principles of reality. We sort of accept them as long as the level designer is clever enough. You never want players to hyper-focus on the fact that they're playing a video game level, so at the end of the day it's all about managing suspension of disbelief. Agency suspends my disbelief by being ridiculously gorgeous, which is always a good tactic!”
So how does it feel for Shawn to see professionals play his levels for huge cash prizes? Does he feel the pressure? Is it intimidating, trying to create enough flavour and texture to keep general players interested, but streamlined enough for the pros to play on?
“There is immense pressure in designing a map for CS:GO,” he said. “Everyone's default state is that they don't care, the map won't succeed. It's my job as a level designer to make work which is of a high enough quality that people start asking all kinds of questions, such as ‘is this going to go Active Duty? Maybe it ought to…' That's always my goal. When I work on a competitive level, I envision professional players playing it, and I try to meet that very high standard. Certain things are sacred for me: don't annoy players. If something can be smoother, easier or better, it should be. Every specific design quandary you face can open a can of worms, so it's never as easy as just being smart and brilliant and pressing the ‘make it good' button. It takes a lot of thought to make the player experience seamless, and that's on top of all the expected and unavoidable hard work.
“In terms of how does it feel to watch teams like Fnatic, TSM, EnvyUs, Cloud9, it's always a treat no matter what level they're playing. But when it's a level I worked on that's pretty cool too. I don't want to say I'm ‘over it', because I'm so not, but one thing that happens is I don't feel that I own these levels. These levels belong to all of us – what I love about mapping is that we get to enjoy the maps together.”
That said, what advice would Shawn give to people wanting to get into level design – especially for Counter-Strike? What past experiences have led him to this point in his career?
“I've been creating levels since I was a little kid,” he says. “It's something I've always wanted to do ever since the days of drawing Mega Man 2 levels on grid paper. I actually released my first level when I was about 16, for Day of Defeat: Source. I received a tremendous sense of accomplishment and achievement from playing something I created with other players, and ever since then I've been hooked. I worked on some levels for Natural Selection 2, and I've released five CS:GO levels. Even after five levels, mapping for CS:GO hasn't stopped being interesting and challenging for me, there's still so much to learn.”
Shawn is currently working on his sixth Counter-Strike map, Santorini, which is set in Greece. “My goal with Santorini is to deliver a solid competitive layout with high visibility and a well-realised theme,” he tells me. Having played his previous maps, I'm excited to see what Shawn can do with the popular Greek island.
“In terms of advice, it's always the same: become a student of level design. Don't merely play levels, walk around them and learn from every specific decision the level designer made. Every piece of geometry, every texture, every light, every dimension of every area, all these elements represent conscious decisions worth exploring, critiquing, and understanding. The best levels are full works of art where every creative decision was thoughtful and intelligent. Those sorts of levels inspire the hell out of me.”
I have just one final question for Shawn: is it sneaky beaky or sneaky peeky?
“It's sneaky beaky like,” he says. “Definitely.”
David Beckham: Will captain PSG against Brest
Beckham, 38, who announced his retirement from football this week, will be part of the French league champions' team to face Brest at the Parc des Princes.
PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi also wants the former England captain to maintain his connection with the club once he hangs up his boots.
Carlo Ancelotti, who was also manager of AC Milan when Beckham played on loan there, told a news conference: "He will play on Saturday. Against Lorient [the final match of the season] I don't know yet."
Not only will Beckham play, he will wear the armband for his farewell to the home fans.
Ancelotti added: "If he thinks it was the right moment to stop we have to respect this. Not just PSG but the football world has lost a fantastic player and a fantastic professional and a good man, but he has taken the right decision because he decided to stop and not other people.
"In his first training session he was the last to leave. He's a great example for young players.
"He is really professional, really humble. He really loves football, loves his job, and that is the best quality.
"I found a very humble player and a very humble man. He has had a fantastic career and I think he chose the right moment."
Al-Khelaifi said he is in talks about a role for Beckham and there could be an agreement within the next fortnight.
He said: "I met him yesterday and he's very interested to continue being involved with the big project of Paris Saint-Germain. He believes in the project, he believes in the club, he loves the club.
Birdman (2014)
Films about primal love, hate or fear, are common, but the convincing depiction of complex emotion is the holy grail of cinema. When film tries to portray emotions that are balanced on the edge of sanity or in the battle with inner demons of self-loathing or lost purpose, it enters a space where few succeed. Birdman (2014) is a stunningly successful black comedy played in emotional quicksand. Its tour-de-force performances, dynamic cinematography and multi-layered storytelling make it a benchmark creative work that should be seen by anyone who loves film.
The story is told through the eyes of a has-been actor who was famous decades ago as the super-hero Birdman. In the opening scenes we find Riggan Thomson (Michael Keaton) levitating and moving objects by thought, unsubtle hints of his tenuous grip on reality. He is hoping against hope for just one more chance at stardom by directing and acting in a little known short story that is adapted for Broadway. The story timeline covers the rehearsals, previews and opening night, during which Riggan vacillates between fear of failure and belief that he has again created something that audiences will applaud.
All is going chaotically well until a stage accident leads to a difficult but dynamic replacement being given the co-star role. Upstaged by the newcomer in front of his daughter and ex-wife, Riggan's menacing alter-ego in the shape of a feathered Birdman incites his impotent rage and drags him to the brink of self-destruction.
While the plot is a formulaic exposé of an actor's mid-life psychosis, its execution is extraordinary. The audience is teased with a complex montage of alternative realities where the actor's art and real life become intertwined and confused. Vanity and ego are the lifeblood of theatre and cinema, and themes of mental illness and suicide bubble to the surface of this boiling cauldron.
The casting is brilliant and Michael Keaton plays the role of his life. The pace of the film is almost neurotic and quickens until it races with a continuous-take style of photography that is fluid and immersive. The hand-held camera often appears to struggle in keeping up with what is happening, while an edgy percussive-heavy soundtrack creates a visceral sense of breathless engagement with the unfolding twists and turns of the story. It is hard to fault this film. Indeed, it is hard to think of any other contemporary film that can fill this space with such virtuoso acting, filming and directing.
Director: Alejandro G. Inarritu
Stars: Michael Keaton, Naomi Watts, Emma Stone, Edward Norton,
This article is over 2 years old
Indonesia's national bird, the Javan hawk-eagle, is among 13 species threatened by illegal trade, warns a wildlife watchdog
Thirteen species of Indonesian birds, including the country's symbolic Javan hawk-eagle, are at serious risk of extinction mainly due to the pet trade, a wildlife watchdog warned Wednesday.
The vast Indonesian archipelago is home to a dizzying array of birds and keeping them as pets has long been part of the national culture, with birdcages a common sight outside homes and shops across the country.
However increasing demand for some species as pets has led to dramatic population declines, wildlife trade monitoring network Traffic warned in a new study.
“This is a multi-million-dollar industry, there's a huge criminal element and many people are profiting illegally from this business,” Chris Shepherd, Traffic's director for south-east Asia and a co-author of the study, told AFP.
Huge demand for songbirds in Indonesia has also put bird species in other countries such as Malaysia and Thailand in danger, Shepherd said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Click on image to expand. Photograph: Traffic
The Javan hawk-eagle is Indonesia's national bird and the inspiration for the Garuda, the mythical winged creature that adorns the country's coat of arms.
Other species at risk of extinction include the silvery woodpigeon, yellow-crested cockatoo, scarlet-breasted lorikeet, Javan green magpie, black-winged myna, Bali myna, straw-headed bulbul, Javan white-eye, Rufous-fronted laughingthrush, Sumatran laughingthrush and Java sparrow.
The helmeted hornbill is also at risk but unlike the others, is not kept as a pet. Thousands are being illegally killed and traded for their unique “casques” – a solid lump of fibrous protein that runs along the top of the bill and on to the skull.
It is used as a substitute for elephant ivory, to meet demand in China, according to Traffic.
It is illegal to hunt birds in the wild in Indonesia and sell them as pets but critics say the law is often flouted, and major bird markets in cities still operate freely.
Shepherd said that government efforts to crack down on the illegal wildlife trade too often focused on endangered species such as orangutans, tigers and elephants, and did not do enough to protect birds.
The Traffic report called for a range of solutions to tackle the problem, including better law enforcement and public awareness campaigns.
A mysterious brown goo keeps bubbling up from the drains of homes and businesses around the toxic Gowanus Canal — in a neighborhood where a giant, upscale housing complex is set to spring up, The Post has learned.
“It's a very weird goop,” said Kitty Hernandez, owner of the Brooklyn Colony bar on Fourth Avenue near Carroll Street.
“Just yesterday, I had to pull a drain out because there was a foaming goo coming out of it . . . It overwhelmed the whole bar. I think it was sewage. The smell was horrible,” she said.
The gunk has caused flooding and damages to floors and pipes — up to $50,000, in some cases — at homes and businesses in the hood, sources said.
It oozes from sinks and toilets, often during heavy rain, and may be caused by sewer overflow, which has flooded streets in the low-land area for years during storms, residents and city officials said.
Now, the foul flooding has moved from the streets, indoors — and it's getting worse, frustrated residents said.
During a rainy night on July 2, the goo caused a nasty toilet backup at the local hot spot, the Bell House, during a book reading, a source said.
It also caused flooding that damaged a car at Family Car Service, said manager Lillian Rodriguez.
Angry business owners claim the city has done nothing to flush away the putrid problem — which has been described as smelling “like rotten eggs” “poop” and “barf.”
“It's bad. We keep complaining to the city and nothing gets done. They keep promising they're going to fix it and nothing gets done, ” Rodriguez said.
It's also a nightmare for landlords in the newly hip hood — alongside one of the nation's most polluted sites — which could prove tricky for a huge rental complex that will rise next to the Gowanus Canal, which the EPA in 2010 designated a Superfund site, one of the most polluted locations in the nation and in need of immediate cleanup.
“It comes out brown and you say, ‘Oh my God.' My tenants called 311 to find out what's going on,” said Joseph Internicola, 67, the landlord of a building on Union Street near Bond Street.
He added, “You have a 700-unit apartment building going up. How are they going to handle it? We're all going to get backups. It's crazy.”
Construction on Lightstone Group's, six-story, $200-million-plus rental complex is set to begin this summer.
The project cleared planning hurdles, despite outcry from neighbors who claimed it would overburden the area's already stressed sewers.
The city is looking into “if there's some action we can take to improve the situation,” a spokesman for the Department of Environmental Protection said.
“We did have several reports of flooding and sewer backups in that area,” the spokesman said.
“Our engineers are investigating if any other factors besides heavy rain in short duration is causing this . . . to see if there's some action we can take to improve the situation,” he said.
Natural or manmade quakes? New Stanford technique can tell the difference
A study by Stanford geophysicists shows that earthquakes resulting from wastewater injection follow several indicative patterns that are starkly different from natural causes.
cigden/ Shutterstock.com A study by Stanford researchers found that the likelihood of large-magnitude manmade earthquakes increases over time, independent of the previous seismicity rate.
A new study by Stanford researchers suggests that earthquakes triggered by human activity follow several indicative patterns that could help scientists distinguish them from naturally occurring temblors.
The findings were presented this week at the American Geophysical Union's fall meeting in San Francisco.
Jenny Suckale, an assistant professor of geophysics at Stanford's School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences, and her postdoctoral researcher David Dempsey analyzed a sequence of earthquakes on an unmapped basement fault near the town of Guy, Arkansas, from 2010 to 2011.
In geology, "basement" refers to rock located beneath a sedimentary cover that may contain oil and other gas reserves that can be exploited through drilling or hydraulic fracturing, also known as "fracking." Scientists suspected that the Arkansas quakes were triggered by the injection of roughly 94.5 million gallons of wastewater into two nearby wells that extend into the basement layer during a nine-month span. The injected water increases the pore pressure in the basement layer, adding more stress to already stressed faults until one slips and releases seismic waves, triggering an earthquake.
One of the study's main conclusions is that the likelihood of large-magnitude manmade, or "induced," earthquakes increases over time, independent of the previous seismicity rate. A reservoir simulation model that Suckale and Dempsey developed found a linear relationship between frequency and magnitude for induced quakes, with magnitude increasing the longer wastewater is pumped into a well.
"It's an indication that even if the number of earthquakes you experience each month is not changing, as you go further along in time you should expect to see larger magnitude events," said Dempsey, who is now at the University of Auckland in New Zealand.
This trend doesn't continue indefinitely, however. The research shows that induced quakes begin to fall off after reaching some maximum magnitude as the triggered faults release more of their stress as seismic waves.
While energy companies might welcome the notion that there are upper limits to how strong an induced quake on a particular fault can be, it's difficult to know what that ceiling will be.
"The question becomes, Does it taper off at magnitude 3 or a more dangerous magnitude 6.5?" Suckale said.
Other studies have found that the rate of wastewater injection into a well is more important than the total volume injected for triggering earthquakes. But the Stanford study found that, given similar rates of wastewater injection, there is a direct correlation between the volume injected and the incidence of earthquakes. Of the two wells studied near Guy, Well 1 received four times the wastewater volume as Well 5, and induced four times as many earthquakes.
"There's a scaling there in terms of the volume injected," Dempsey said.
The study's findings could have implications for both the oil and natural gas industry and for government regulators. Under current practices, extraction activities typically shut down in an area if a high-magnitude earthquake occurs. But according to Suckale, a better approach might be to limit production before a large quake occurs.
"Very often with these faults, once you have a big earthquake, you might not have one for a while because you just released all the stress," Suckale said.
Media Contact
Jenny Suckale, School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences: (650) 497-6456, jsuckale@stanford.edu
Ker Than, School of Earth, Energy & Environmental Sciences: (650) 723-9820, kerthan@stanford.edu
Bjorn Carey, Stanford News Service: (650) 725-1944, bccarey@stanford.edu
On October 19, 2017, join CCA, GLAAD and millions of Americans who will wear purple on Spirit Day in a stand against bullying and in support of LGBT youth. Wearing purple on October 19 is a simple way to show the world that you stand by these courageous young people and a simple way to stand UP to the bullies.
What is Spirit Day?
Spirit Day began in 2010 as a way to show support for LGBT youth and take a stand against bullying. Following a string of high-profile suicide deaths of gay teens, GLAAD worked to involve millions of teachers, workplaces, celebrities, media outlets and students in going purple on social media or wearing purple, a color that symbolizes spirit on the rainbow flag. Spirit Day now occurs every year on the third Thursday in October, during National Bullying Prevention Month, and has become the most visible day of support for LGBT youth.
What is CCA doing for Spirit Day?
Geauxing Purple, of course!
CCA, our partners, educators and community leaders will be Geauxing Purple in their schools, workplaces, and around town. We are also reaching out to local schools, teachers, administrators, media outlets and businesses to encourage them to Geaux Purple as well.
How do I get involved?
Getting involved is easy, and there are so many ways to do it!
How can I support LGBT students?
Visit our Stand Up campaign page for more information on how you can support LGBT students and stand up to bullying
On August 2, I published an online article with Scientific American about flying squid. Not flying fish. Flying squid.
Marine biologist Silvia Maciá was boating on the north coast of Jamaica in the summer of 2001 when she noticed something soar out of the sea. At first she thought it was a member of the flying fish family—a group of marine fish that escape predators by breaking the water's surface at great speed and gliding through the air on unusually large pectoral fins. But after tracing the creature's graceful arc for a few seconds, Maciá realized this was no fish. It was a squid—and it was flying. With her husband and fellow biologist Michael Robinson, Maciá identified the airborne cephalopod as a Caribbean reef squid (Sepioteuthis sepioidea)—a lithe, torpedo-shaped critter with long, undulating fins. They think the squid was startled by the noise of the boat's outboard engine and estimated that the 20-centimeter-long mollusk reached a height of two meters above the water and flew a total distance of 10 meters—50 times its body length. What's more, the squid extended its fins and flared its tentacles in a radial pattern while airborne, as though guiding its flight.
Macia eventually co-wrote a 2004 study in the Journal of Molluscan Studies that described several observations of flying squid, but the paper relied largely on anecdotal evidence. There were no photographs or videos.
Recently, however, on a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil, retired geologist and amateur photographer Bob Hulse captured what may be the best-ever photographic evidence of flying squid. Hulse sent the pictures to University of Hawaii oceanographer Richard Young, who passed them along to Ron O'Dor, senior scientist for the Census of Marine Life. O'Dor thinks he can analyze the photos to gain a better understanding of squid aerodynamics, which few people have been able to properly study due to lack of adequate documentation.
An abridged version of my online article will also appear in the October print issue of Scientific American, accompanied by one of Bob's photographs. Unfortunately, due to spatial constraints, the printed magazine page cannot properly accommodate the glory of Bob's photographs. He took his photos while aboard a cruise ship off the coast of Brazil, so he wasn't exactly face-to-tentacle with the squid. An image cropped from such a distant image and pasted on a magazine page can only offer so much. What we need is one of those fancy setups straight out of an episode of CSI. You know, something like: ‘Computer: locate the squid; zoom in 3 billion and 4/5%! Now, identify the species. Thank you, computer. Now commence calamari conversion.”
Okay, enough of that. I have a better solution. Here are Bob's pictures. When you click on them, the ocean should flood your browser. And then you can zoom in even further to locate the flying squid above the waves. Look for the triangular tips, the floppy fins, the fanned tentacles and the jets of water trailing the squid rockets.
Click and Zoom!
Advertisements
In August 1918, female tram conductors in Willesden started a wildcat strike which quickly spread around the country and to other sectors of public transport. Initially demanding the same war bonus that had been given to men, their demands morphed into equal pay, over 40 years before the Equal Pay Act.
During the First World War, women took over many of the jobs that had previously been done by men. Public transport was one area where female employees became key. By the end of the war, the London General Omnibus Company employed 3500 women, and thousands more were employed by other bus and train operators in London as well as on the Underground. Lots of women joined unions, but the unions were more interested in protecting the long-term job security of men rather than the employment rights of women. The unions wanted to make sure that men could return to their pre-war jobs with the same working conditions when the war finished, so they didn't want women to get too comfortable. In addition, both unions and management refused to entertain the idea of equal pay, arguing that the work that women did was not worth the same as men's.
In mid-1918, male workers were given a 5 shilling a week wartime bonus to help cope with the increased cost of living. Women were not given this bonus, and some workers in London were not willing to accept this. On the 16th of August, a meeting of women at Willesden bus garage decided to go on strike the following day, without informing their bosses or unions.
The next morning, they were quickly joined by women at the Hackney, Holloway, Archway and Acton depots and garages, and the strike continued to spread throughout the day. At first the women demanded the same 5 shilling per week bonus as men, but their demands soon escalated to equal pay, and they adopted the slogan ‘Same Work- Same Pay.'
By the 23rd of August, female bus and tram workers around the country had joined the strike, including in Bath, Bristol, Birmingham, Brighton, and Weston-super-mare. Some women working on the London Underground also joined the strike- it mainly affected the Bakerloo Line. It is estimated 18000 out of a total 27000 women working in the public transport industry participated.
The strikers held a series of mass meetings at the Ring, on Blackfriars Road in Southwark. It was a boxing arena that had been destroyed by aerial bombing. Many women brought their children and picnics with them. The strike was settled on the 25th of August after a contentious meeting at the Ring- many women did not want to go back to work. The tube workers didn't go back to work until the 28th. The women won the 5 shilling bonus, but not equal pay.
The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1970 but even now, almost a hundred years after the women transport workers' strike, women are not paid the same as men for the same jobs. London's female public transport workers were some of the first to make a demand that is still yet to be fully realised. Without the aid of the experienced unions, the women were able to win the same bonus as men, if not the same wage. Little is known about how the women organised, which is a shame, although it might make a very nice research project!
Sources and Further Reading
Stuart. “London Buses in Wartime.” Great War London. Last modified 30th December 2014, accessed 15th June 2016. Available at https://greatwarlondon.wordpress.com/2014/12/30/london-buses-at-war-1914-1918/
View from the Mirror. “From Prayer to Palestra: The Ring at Blackfriars.” View from the Mirror: A Cabbie's London. Last modified 4th February 2013, accessed 20th June 2016. Available at https://blackcablondon.net/2013/02/04/from-prayer-to-palestra-the-ring-at-blackfriars/
Walker, Michael. “London Women Tram Workers – Equal Pay Strike 1918.” Hayes People's History. Last modified 13th February 2007, accessed 15th June 2016. Available at http://ourhistory-hayes.blogspot.co.uk/2007/02/women-tramworkers-equal-pay-strike-1918.html
Weller, Ken. “The London Transport Women Workers Strike 1918.” libcom.org. Last modified 19th December 2012, accessed 15th June 2016. Available at https://libcom.org/history/london-transport-women-workers-strike-1918
Welsh, Dave. “The 90th anniversary of the Equal Pay strike on the London Underground.” Campaign Against Tube Privatisation- History. No date, accessed 15th June 2016. Available at http://www.catp.info/CATP/History.html
Next to Home Depot's enormous bags of potting soil, multi-packs of light bulbs, and other home improvement goods is something new this week: 3D printers. The chain began stocking printers made by MakerBot in its stores in three states: California, Illinois, and New York as part of what Home Depot described to Bloomberg as a "pilot." The company hopes people will buy them to print one-off parts for projects, but still come back for things that can't be printed out, as well as to restock on spools of filament.
Print out a replacement part
MakerBot already has three retail stores of its own, and is available at Microsoft stores, Micro Center, and online. However Home Depot is the largest home improvement chain in the world, and puts it in a place where people are not typically going to pick up electronics. The company also began selling MakerBot products, and filament refills on its site three months ago, but you couldn't pick it up in stores.
MakerBot's least expensive product is the Replicator Mini, which runs $1,375 and can print out designs up to 76 cubic inches in volume. Its most high-end product is the Replicator Z18, which costs $6,499 and is aimed at professionals who want to print things up to 2,592 cubic inches in size. The most expensive model you can currently get from Home Depot though is the fifth-generation desktop Replicator model, which runs $2,899 and can print things around the size of a loaf of bread.
Early risers in Upper Mount Bethel Township may have spotted an unusual protest of the Portland Generating Station if they checked the skies about 6:30 this morning.
Members of Greenpeace launched a blimp-like aircraft from a field along Million Dollar Highway to bring attention to the coal-burning power plant along River Road. The Environmental Protection Agency and the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection say the plant is the source for most of the sulfur dioxide pollution over northern New Jersey.
The aircraft, which is approximately 100 feet long and 40 feet tall, had the words "If you can read this, you are breathing coal pollution" printed on its left side. Pilots said they flew within 700 feet of the plant for about a half hour before landing about 7:15.
"The airship puts a visual element to the invisible air pollution that is going over this area and northern New Jersey," said Myriam Fallon, a Greenpeace spokeswoman involved in the launch.
The group had launched the hot-air aircraft Tuesday and Wednesday mornings as well, but aborted the flights shortly after takeoff due to visibility problems on the ground. Township officials said Wednesday they are investigating possible zoning violations for launching the airship in a residential area.
Fallon said no township officials had reached out to Greenpeace about the possible problem. Molly Dorozenski, another spokeswoman, apologized to anyone who may have been disturbed by the propane tanks used to heat the air for the flight.
"We certainly didn't intend to wake anyone up, but we're sorry if we did," she said.
TORONTO – It was anything but pretty, but Toronto FC will simply be relieved to fight another day after advancing to a second straight Eastern Conference Championship by defeating the New York Red Bulls on away goals.
Despite losing the second leg at home, 1-0, the reigning Supporters' Shield winners advanced on the away goals tiebreaker following a 2-2 aggregate scoreline and will now make preparations to face Columbus Crew SC with a chance to host a second consecutive MLS Cup on the line.
“We deserved to go through. They scored a goal… a really weird goal,” TFC midfielder Victor Vazquez said afterwards. “We don't have to be happy [with] the way that we go through, but we have to be happy because we go [to the Eastern Conference] final.”
In a chippy game that saw the ejection of both Jozy Altidore and Red Bulls captain Sacha Klejstan for the continuation of a first-half tussle in the tunnel at halftime, Toronto had its championship credentials put to the sternest of tests.
“Any other team finds a way to lose this series,” Toronto captain Michael Bradley said. “They did nothing. They score a deflected goal, which makes the last 30, 35 minutes tight. But we kept our nerve, made big plays when we needed to.”
Following a first half devoid of a New York shot for the first time since 2012, Bradley Wright-Phillips' redirection of a Daniel Royer drive on 53 minutes threatened to give the visitors a lifeline back into the series.
However, after being put clean through on goal nine minutes later with a chance to put his team on top in the two-legged tie, Wright-Phillips pulled the trigger, but Toronto goalkeeper Alex Bono responded with a reflex save to his right.
The two-time MLS Golden Boot winner said it might take him some time to get over the miss.
“We should have won the [series]. We were the better team,” he said. “… The chance that fell to me at the end, I've got to score that and we're in the next round.”
After holding Toronto to just three shots on goal over 180 minutes of play, New York coach Jesse Marsch said the Canadian club should feel fortunate.
“They should be feeling like they escaped because they did,” he said.
Adjusting his formation to a midfield diamond with Tyler Adams deployed at the apex to disrupt Bradley, Marsch said his tactical plan was to slow down Toronto's usually high-powered offensive flow. Knowing his team needed to score at least two goals to stand any chance of advancing, Marsch said the onus was on his team to take the game to the home side. Though the Red Bulls started slowly, his plan nearly worked.
“We … didn't want it to be a game where we possessed the ball and they sat back and countered so we did a lot of little things to try and combat their conservative tactics and for the most part I thought that a lot of what we did was successful,” he said. “We just weren't able to capitalize enough.”
If reality is a game—a vast, snow-globe-y sort of experiment that plays out according to the hard rules of physics and the loose rules of story—then it is, in contemporary game-design parlance, a persistent one. We enter it when it is already under way, and we hope, for the sake of our children, that we exit before it's finished. There are advantages and drawbacks for those who, like us, have arrived to this game relatively late. While we benefit from the invention of penicillin, of airplanes, of the Internet, we also suffer antibiotic resistance, looming climate disaster, online comments. And one pleasure enjoyed by our forebears, now largely denied to us, is the thrill of cartographic discovery. Our world is mostly mapped, its common species mostly named. For a while, video games filled the gap, presenting new, uncharted virtual lands to satisfy players' wanderlust. Soon enough, though, commercial guides to these places followed, denying even virtual explorers the chance to get there first.
No Man's Sky, a video game built by a small team from Guildford, England, and launched on Tuesday, changes all of that. It presents a cosmos made up of innumerable algorithmically generated planets—far more than its designers have ever seen, and enough that every new player is able to start on a world untouched by any other. After repairing and refuelling the tiny, trashed Kubrickian spaceship that lies smoking in the dust by your side at the start of the game, you are able to leave this planet for the next, and the next, and the next. Everything you discover en route can be named and catalogued, a delight for anyone with a talent for descriptive, whimsical, or smutty neologisms, or for anyone who, like me, has simply longed to name a solar system after a departed pet gerbil. (Rest in peace, Colin.) Once christened, the name is uploaded and seeded to every other player's game, where it resides forever.
The chance that another player will ever encounter your discoveries is statistically unlikely, however. Sean Murray, one of the game's creators, told me in 2014 that, even if you were able to visit a new planet in the game every second, our own (real) sun would die out before you could see them all. It's an unfathomable boast. The vastness of it all is inconceivable, even when it's displayed right there in front of you on the game's map, as a buckshot constellation. The mind collapses when confronted with so much geography. Endless variety blooms from the algorithm that created this universe, and that builds it out in real time. I've visited planets with crimson soil and blue grass. I've toured gaseous moons hazy under yellow clouds. For an hour, I was lost inside a warren of caverns, anxious and frustrated until a rock mouth opened to a hundred-foot-tall cathedral of rock, busy with fireflies. I've swum water worlds.
The flora and fauna on each planet have evolved according to its characteristics, notably its atmosphere and proximity to a star. The result is a cornucopia of original life-forms: floppy-eared dogs with stegosaurus tails, twenty-foot-tall deer with leathery backs, lanky crabs. Ten million species were discovered in the game's first twenty-four hours, more than have been found on Earth. With all of this diversity, one does not weary of the thrill of breaking a fresh planet's atmosphere—cinematically, to the post-rock thuds and wails of 65daysofstatic's soundtrack.
The grandiose business of star-hopping through a near-infinite universe is No Man's Sky's headline appeal, but the moment-to-moment business is far more mundane. I have spent a great deal of time and effort touring planets in search of mineral deposits—knolls of gold, shrubs of plutonium, copper monoliths—and harvesting them. These supplies can be used to fuel a spaceship or upgrade a space suit, or they may be sold at the trading outposts found in each star system (provided you can sneak or fight your way past the patrolling pirates). Space here is capitalistic. Every trinket and resource has a value on the open market. Profits can be used to make offers on other traders' spaceships, preferably ones with larger hulls in which to store plunder and muscular thrusters with which to speed travel. At every stage, you are jostled along by reports of your ongoing accomplishments—thirty thousand steps taken, fifty alien words collected, ten pirate ships dogfought.
It has been said that video games are best understood by the verbs they invite. No Man's Sky is built on four primary actions: explore, fight, trade, survive. They are familiar verbs, for players, but, couched in the near-endless variety of this playpen, they remain brightly alluring. Repetitiveness is inevitable, but, each time I punctured a new stratosphere, my store of patience and interest was renewed. But, while Sony's marketing for the game has emphasized the promise of infinite content, its most memorable trick is to make the player feel impossibly small, lonely, and lost. No Man's Sky does not allow for direct social interaction between players, at least for now. (The creators say this would result in too much server strain.) There are three alien races to befriend, via conversation and small acts of kindness—a gift of some iron ore, or perhaps a fragile promise to wed one of their species. But there are no cities on these planets, only a huddle of huts and a helipad, at most. There are no madding crowds, no true kinship. As the hours whirl by, a deeper question begins to form: Why am I here?
The overarching goal of No Man's Sky, if you choose to heed it, is to journey to the center of the universe in search of meaning, a mission that has the added benefit of drawing the game's players toward a meeting point. Alternatively, you can pursue the secrets of the mysterious Atlas, a divine presence that, in the game's words, offers “guidance, purpose, meaning, and significance in an uncaring galaxy.” (It is, of course, possible to ignore both paths, bumbling along with no greater goal than sight-seeing and binomial nomenclature.) In the tradition of Isaac Asimov, Philip K. Dick, and all the others, No Man's Sky seeks, in a simplistic yet honest way, to consider the philosophical questions of existence through the lens of science fiction. Its final answer may be, inevitably, lacking. But the game needles its way much closer to an answer to another conundrum: Why do we explore? There's the thrill of novelty, sure, but in some baser part of the brain, below the realm of language, the game demonstrates that we are also drawn to the promise of finding somewhere better. As No Man's Sky's design seems to suggest, we can never be satisfied. The grass is always greener, even when it's bluer.
In response to yesterday's post I have received a lot of well-meaning messages informing me that “gender is not a binary”. This is, I assume, to disabuse me of the foolish notion that there's only boring old male and female. I am reliably informed (as if I didn't know it already) that there is plenty more in-between. Hence we don't need to panic about gender itself oppressing people. There's enough to go round! Don't fear it, queer it! Everything is awesome! etc.
I am not convinced by this argument, not because I have any doubts about the number of gender identities currently on offer. There are loads. It's like being in an Eastern Bloc country just after the Fall of Communism – look at the choice! No more shall we join a uniform stream of Men and Women trudging miserably out of the People Factory. We're free at last! (Or at least we would be if it wasn't for those pesky TERFs still clinging on to their Stalinist views on gender equality.) Gender is not a binary – it's not! That Facebook drop-down provides all the empirical evidence we need. The trouble is, it might not be a binary, but it sure as hell is a hierarchy.
Gender is constructed with some people at the top and some at the bottom. Roughly speaking, those at the top are read as “men” and those at the bottom as “women”, which is where the muddled idea of a binary comes from. Of course it's more complicated than that: “manly” man are ranked higher than “effeminate” men, “butch” women lower than “feminine” ones, people don't fall neatly into either category oscillate depending on social milieu, some of Facebook's 50 gain more social acceptance than others etc. This is all a bit crap and one of the key reasons why we shouldn't be falling over ourselves to defend this frankly stupid system. It devalues individuals. This ought to be self-evident but to many people it isn't.
As inhumane, hierarchical constructs go, gender is pretty clever. The problem, so many of us are led to believe, is not the hierarchy itself but the focus on extremes rather than all the diversity that can be found in the middle.
Since gender's not a binary we can queer it! That'll fix it!
Way-hey! Let's get queering! To the queering-mobile forthwith! But what does that actually mean? Are you challenging gender limitations — in which case, why “queering” rather than “shitting all over” (which I much prefer)? Or are you offering a sticking plaster (one that's coloured pink or blue, but with some transgressive green glitter on top, just to show how bloody subversive you are)?
To explain what I mean, I'll try an analogy. Just as gender is a hierarchy, so too is wealth. There are very rich people at the top and very poor ones at the bottom, albeit with plenty of diversity in-between: people with low-paid jobs who have no debts, people with low-paid jobs who are massively in debt, people who have caring responsibilities which mean their capacity to increase their wealth is more limited than those who are equally poor but do not have the same responsibilities etc. Does this mean that we can “queer” wealth on the basis that there's no absolute split into two camps? Can we start saying “there's no real 'rich' and 'poor', just the ‘differently financed'”? I think it's pretty obvious what would be wrong with that: it erases structural inequality, neglects to consider the basis for differentiation and shifts our understanding of privilege from “having structural, cultural and/or material advantages” to “being less different or unusual”. In this way someone who comes from a working-class background, is now super-rich yet does a low-paid job on the side, just for the hell of it, could say that they are “queering” wealth — and hence being more subversive and at risk of oppression — than someone who started life grindingly poor and remains so. It masks the inherent injustice that comes from the material reality of not having any money (because defining poverty on such “simplistic” terms is now dismissed as old-school, in much the same way that “cis womanhood” is presented as less contested and alienating than a more “subversive” version). And what's more, if “queering” wealth gains acceptance as an inclusive, liberating cultural trend, what happens to those who still wish to question the very principles of financial inequality? They are dismissed as the bigots who wish to limit choice, despite the fact that they do not care how people earn their money or what they do with it — they're just pointing out that if you opt for “queering” rather than challenging the very foundations of the hierarchy, you maintain a system which might vaunt choice as a principle but which, in practical terms, restricts the choices of everyone but the privileged few.
If you apply this principle to queering gender, I think it becomes clear that this version of queering is far more conservative and protective of gender-based privilege than its proponents would wish to suggest. The focus is on personal validation rather than structural change, and it's not without an element of oppression tourism from those who are not at the bottom of the hierarchy but who seek to float above it, perceiving themselves to be above the usual rules while simultaneously condemning the majority of women to the same old shit by insisting they identify as cis. Far from challenging inequality, it maintains it. Fifty gender options on Facebook simply disguise the fact that every single one of us is being evaluated on terms which have nothing to do with our basic human worth.
This is not to say that presenting in a way that that transgresses accepted gender norms is easy. It isn't. It leads to discrimination, threats and violence. Nevertheless, to maintain a belief in these norms – while claiming, quite rightly, that they should not apply to everyone – is deeply problematic. Queering gender cannot be considered truly challenging to the social order if you are ultimately using your supposedly unique position within the broader hierarchy as a means to reinforce said hierarchy's existence. Whatever discrimination you suffer, your basic message is that people remain dependent on gender categorisation and hence that there are still those shit people (cis women) that patriarchy always told us were worthless. You depend on these shit people existing in order to maintain your own identity. They're just not you, and the reason you are marginalised is presented not as a direct consequence of the gender hierarchy existing (which in fact it is) but of people demanding you choose between the shit people (cis women) and the ace people (cis men) when in fact you're more special than that. And so you demonise feminists who are trying to create a world in which you wouldn't have to choose — purely because a non-hierarchical world wouldn't be one that ever offered you the chance to rise above the common masses.
The sheer incoherence of those who accuse gender critical feminists of wishing to enforce traditional gender roles is something I find mind-blowing. It betrays a real anxiety about what would happen if we didn't have a world of gender have and have-nots. Cis women remain the refuse bin for all of those qualities no one else wants. Meanwhile those who pin their individuality to the gender flag are faced with the fact that their self-validation is so intertwined with their oppression that they are had to reject the tools with which to challenge it.
I have two sons. I let them, as far as they would like to, reject hierarchical gender stereotypes. My elder son doesn't want to; he's already getting the message that your basic girl is a bit crap (the pro-queering lobby might call this “femmephobia” but it's not — it's the same old shitty sexism). My younger son is different. He wears fuchsia nail varnish and wants to grow his hair long and have it styled like Elsa in Frozen (“before she changes into the blue dress — I don't like it after that”). Obviously I'm very proud. Look at how transgressive my son is at only four! But clearly I'm worried that not all people are accepting of this, even from small children. I want a world in which he can present himself in any way he chooses but I don't see how a world obsessed with validating gender goes any way towards creating that. On the contrary, it just pushes his individuality back into a gendered context — Individuality™, the commoditised version of self expression, not unlike Real Woman™, the body acceptance equivalent. Both become a form of cultural currency and both would lose value were we ever to reach a stage where all bodies and all forms of expression were accepted. Both depend on the hierarchical value system they claim to transgress. Both depend on suffering and marginalisation as a means of proving worth. Is that truly the best we want to aim for, given that it must be possible to have all the glitter and none of the shit?
Advertisements
A motorcycle is a transportation device that moves on two wheels and is powered by a motor. A person who rides a motorcycle is referred to as a motorcyclist. There are different types of motorcycles that can be ridden by a motorcyclist. Among them is the Standard Motorcycle. A standard motorcycle is a motorcycle that is built to do a little of everything. Another type of motorcycle that a motorcyclist can ride is the cruiser motorcycle. An example of a cruiser motorcycle is the Harley-Davidson Street 750 Motorcycle. A Sportbike is another type of motorcycle that is popularly used for sports. A renowned example of a sportbike is the KTM RC390. Other types of motorcycles include the Adventure Tourer and The Scooter. When riding a motorcycle, a motorcyclist has several choices for head protection to choose from, one of them is the half and full face helmets.
A gun is a handheld weapon that can project a bullet at its target when fired. It is possible for a motorcyclist to carry a gun when riding a motorcycle. There are different types of guns that a motorcyclist can carry when riding a motorcycle. They include
1. Shotgun:
A shotgun is a high caliber gun that is used to fire a special type of bullet known and referred to as a slug. Slugs are unconventional bullets capable of obliterating an object when they are fired. There are different types of motorcycles that a motorcyclist can ride while carrying a shotgun. They include Scooter Motorcycle, Adventure Tourer Motorcycle, Dual Sports Motorcycle among others. A motorcyclist has several choices for head protection to choose from when carrying a gun and riding a motorcycle. One of them is the half and full face helmets.
2. Rifle:
A Rifle is a long gun that is specifically made for target shooting, hunting, and recreational shooting. A Rifle is one of the guns that a motorcyclist can carry when riding a motorcycle. There are different types of motorcycles that a cyclist can ride when carrying a rifle. They include Dual Sports Motorcycle, Sportbike Motorcycle, Adventure Tourer Motorcycle among others.
3. Pistol:
A pistol is a portable gun that can easily fit into the pocket of a motorcyclist. A pistol is one of the guns that a motorcyclist can carry when riding a motorcycle. There are different types of motorcycles that a motorcyclist can ride in order to carry a pistol. One of them is the Yamaha FZ-07. The Yamaha FZ-07 is a standard motorcycle that comes in several sizes and various horsepower levels. A motorcyclist has several choices of head protection to choose from when carrying a pistol and riding a Yamaha FZ-07 Motorcycle. One of them is the half and full face helmets.
4. Revolver:
A revolver is a gun that fires bullets from an inbuilt rotational revolver. A revolver can either be a short or long gun. A revolver is one of the guns that a motorcyclist can carry when riding a motorcycle. There are different types of motorcycles that a motorcyclist can ride when carrying a revolver. One of such motorcycles is the Harley-Davidson Street 750 which is a popularly used as a cruiser motorcycle. A motorcyclist is advised to choose one of the several choices for head protection when riding a cruiser motorcycle like Harley-Davidson Street 750.
Protesters rallied in dozens of cities Saturday as part of a global protest against seed giant Monsanto and the genetically modified food it produces, organizers said.
Organizers said “March Against Monsanto” protests were held in 52 countries and 436 cities, including Washington and Los Angeles, where demonstrators waved signs that read “Real Food 4 Real People” and “Label GMOs, It's Our Right to Know.”
Genetically modified plants are grown from seeds that are engineered to resist insecticides and herbicides, add nutritional benefits or otherwise improve crop yields and increase the global food supply.
Most corn, soybean and cotton crops grown in the United States today have been genetically modified. But critics say genetically modified organisms can lead to serious health conditions and harm the environment. The use of GMOs has been a growing issue of contention in recent years, with health advocates pushing for mandatory labeling of genetically modified products even though the federal government and many scientists say the technology is safe.
The March Against Monsanto movement began when founder and organizer Tami Canal created a Facebook page on Feb. 28 calling for a rally against the company's practices.
“If I had gotten 3,000 people to join me, I would have considered that a success,” she said Saturday. Instead, she said an “incredible” number of people responded to her message and turned out to rally.
“It was empowering and inspiring to see so many people, from different walks of life, put aside their differences and come together today,” Canal said. The group plans to harness the success of the event to continue its anti-GMO cause.
“We will continue until Monsanto complies with consumer demand. They are poisoning our children, poisoning our planet,” she said. “If we don't act, who's going to?”
Monsanto Co., based in St. Louis, said that it respects people's rights to express their opinion on the topic but that its seeds improve agriculture by helping farmers produce more from their land while conserving resources such as water and energy.
The Food and Drug Administration does not require genetically modified foods to carry a label, but organic food companies and some consumer groups have intensified their push for labels, arguing that the modified seeds are floating from field to field and contaminating traditional crops. Those groups have been bolstered by a growing number of consumers who are wary of processed and modified foods.
San Juan, Puerto Rico
– Entre ensordecedores gritos de “Por un futuro de equidad, Alexandra es la verdad”, “Por un Puerto Rico de avanzada, vota por la licenciada” y “¡Arrrrrozzz, que carne hayyyy!”, la mundialmente reconocida e influyente abogada y empresaria Alexandra Lúgaro anunció ayer su intención de lanzar su candidatura independiente a la gobernación del país en las próximas elecciones . De inmediato, cientos de miles de ciudadanos anunciaron su renuncia a los partidos políticos tradicionales, regocijados por al fin contar con una candidata por quien votar únicamente por su apariencia física.
La jovial candidata Alexandra Lúgaro enfatiza uno de sus principales puntos de campaña: “Y si no votas por mí, Santos Luzardo, te entierro vivo con to' y Marisela…”
“Esto es exactamente lo que hacía falta para fomentar la igualdad en este país”, exclamó con evidente entusiasmo Antonio Díaz Jaguar, residente de Ponce, mientras sostenía un afiche promocional de la nueva candidata. “Atrás quedaron los tiempos en que solo las mujeres podían votar por candidatos lindines como Rosselló o García Padilla; ¡ahora nosotros tenemos a Alexandra!”, sostuvo con firmeza Díaz Jaguar, mientras resumía los issues importantes que el elector promedio espera que la candidata conteste próximamente. “Por ejemplo”, cuestionó doctamente el preocupado ciudadano, “¿es soltera? ¿Acepta solicitudes de matrimonio? Y más importante aún: ¿puedo ser su primer damo?”.
Sobre el contenido del mensaje ofrecido por la licenciada Lúgaro, la reacción entre los presentes fue mixta. “Por un lado, su propuesta de que para atajar nuestra crisis económica lo único que tenemos que hacer es entregar el carro y ser malapagas como Islandia se escucha medio confusa”, explicó el ciudadano Rogelio Rodríguez. “Pero por el otro, están to-dos esos glamour shots con los que me ha bombardeado por dos días, que aunque gritan ‘abogada quiebrabolas on board‘, me convencen de que lo correcto es votar por alguien que luce como participante de Nuestra Belleza Latina mientras me da un batazo en la ingle –en vez de por afables y simpaticonas candidatas cuya desmedida afición por las donas de Krispy Kreme les hace difícil montarse en un Yaris”, sostuvo Rodríguez con gran convicción.
A pesar de que algunos sectores apuntan a su falta de experiencia como el principal escollo a sus aspiraciones, expertos consultados rechazaron que esto sea un factor que afecte la candidatura de la licenciada Lúgaro. “Todo lo contrario, si algo ha demostrado Alexandra en estos dos días es que está totalmente preparada para gobernar este país”, afirmó el reconocido analista político Luis Pabón Roca. “O sea, eso de alegar con tanta convicción que está arrepentida de haber votado por Alejandro [García Padilla], solo para que diez minutos más tarde saliera a relucir que no votó en las elecciones pasadas es una movida de político veterano, no de aficionado en pañales. Ni a Alejandro se le hubiera ocurrido algo así”, explicó con incuestionable lógica.
Al cierre de esta edición había sido imposible confirmar si existe alguna relación directa entre el lema de campaña escogido por la candidata, “Déjamelo a mí“, y su abanico de contratos con el Departamento de Educación, ascendente a $46 millones. Fuentes cercanas a la candidata justificaron las cantidades concedidas a la licenciada Lúgaro para dar tutorías en inglés conversacional alegando que “es que el inglés es bien difícil”.
Bibi Jagir Kaur is the first woman to be elected for the second time as the president of the Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (SGPC), an organisation that manages historic Sikh shrines and some educational institutions in the Indian states of Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh and the Union Territory of Chandigarh.
Ms. Kaur's name was put forward by the senior Akali leader, Sukhdev Singh Bhaur, and seconded by another SGPC member, Harswinder Singh. There were no other contenders. She had held the same post from March 1999 to November 2000, when she resigned amid allegations that she was involved in the murder of her daughter.[1] The post became vacant since the death of the Akali stalwart, Gurcharan Singh Tohra, who served for 26 terms. He died in March, 2004 after a brief illness.[2] on 2017,Supreme Court rejected a plea by Bibi Jagir Kaur to suspend her conviction for the murder of her daughter Harpreet Kaur in 2000 so that she can contest the Assembly elections in Punjab.[3]
Politics [ edit ]
Jagir Kaur is an active member of the Shiromani Akali Dal, a Sikh political party with a strong following in Punjab. She joined the party in 1995 and was shortly thereafter appointed member of the party's working committee. In 1997, she was elected from the Bholath constituency in Kapurthala district. She was appointed Tourism and Cultural Affairs Minister in addition to holding the portfolios of social welfare, development of women and children welfare in the Parkash Singh Badal Cabinet. She resigned the post of minister when she was appointed as the President of the SGPC. Her rise was meteoric, rising from the position of a teacher in Mathematics to the post of President of the SGPC.[4]
Death of Daughter [ edit ]
Jagir Kaur's daughter Harpreet Kaur was found dead under mysterious circumstance on 20 April 2000.[5] The Central Bureau of Investigation managed the case, widely perceived to be an honor killing ordered by Jagir Kaur in response to her daughters elopement; Jagir Kaur was eventually sentenced to 5 years rigorous imprisonment for her role in the death of her daughter.[6]
Why did Britain join the EU? A new insight from economic history
Nauro Campos, Fabrizio Coricelli
Britain eschewed EU membership in the late 1950s but changed its mind in the early 1960s, only to be rebuffed by Charles de Gaulle. Membership came only in the early 1970s. This column argues that, among others, Britain joined the EU as a way to avoid its economic decline. The UK's per capita GDP relative to the EU founding members' declined steadily from 1945 to 1972. However, it was relatively stable between 1973 and 2010. This suggests substantial benefits from EU membership especially considering that, by sponsoring an overpowered integration model, Britain joined too late, at a bad moment in time, and at an avoidably larger cost.
Prime Minister Cameron is determined to change the relationship between the UK and the EU. If the Conservative party wins the May 2015 general election, he promised he will renegotiate membership terms and offer an ‘in or out' referendum by the end of 2017 (Copsey and Naughton 2014). Life after the EU is a real option for the UK and an unfamiliar one for the EU, considering that no member has ever left. Economic history can throw valuable new light on the current re-examination of the rationale for membership.
This column argues that a fundamental yet relatively unappreciated feature of the relationship between Britain and the EU is a structural break.[1] The ratio of UK's per capita GDP to the EU founding members' declined steadily from 1945 until 1972 but was relatively stable between 1973 and 2010. Such prominent structural break (and to the best of our knowledge one not previously detected and analysed) suggests substantial benefits from EU membership especially considering that, by sponsoring an overpowered integration model, Britain joined too late, at a bad moment in time, and at an avoidably larger cost.
Lost wars
In purely economic terms, WWII was remarkable both by the extent of destruction and the speed of recovery. Economic historians normally refer to the period from 1950 to 1973 as the Golden Age of European economic growth. Reconstruction and catch-up with pre-war levels were broadly completed by 1950, so other factors were at play. Temin (2002) convincingly argues that structural change (labour shifts out of agriculture) was a leading factor.
The UK was one of the few European economies that grew during WWII. According to Maddison data, in 1945 GDP per capita in the UK was about 90% larger than the average for the six founding members of the EU.[2] Economic historians offer a detailed understanding of British relative economic decline that started circa 1870. Yet, such long-term perspective often discounts the WWII period as an outlier and downplays European integration (even the direct trade liberalisation gains and benefits from increased competition) as an important factor, albeit more recent, of this process (Crafts 2012.)
Sometimes all roads lead to Rome
The Marshall Plan aid required European countries to coordinate. The crucial 1947 conference revealed many areas of agreement but one of discord. The French favoured a customs union, the English a free trade area. The differences are substantial: customs unions entail deeper integration, they require a “huge political step” (Sapir 2011.) Also worth noting is that “the United States supported the idea of a customs union in 1947, and continue to give backing to French schemes for West European regional organizations.” (George 1994, p. 18.)
In 1950, the British Labour government declined to join the Schuman Plan's European Coal and Steel Community[3] (Dell 1995). With the EU6 catching-up almost finished, by 1950 the difference in per capita GDP between the UK and EU6 was 28%. Seven years later, when the Treaty of Rome was signed, it stood at 15% (Figure 1).4 There were notable failures and successes amidst. The main failures were the proposals for a political and a defence union. Rome was the major success. The Treaty added an atomic energy community and an economic community (EEC) to the coal and steel community. The British Conservative government declined to participate but in 1960 unveiled an organisation embodying rival ideals, the European Free Trade Area (EFTA.)
Figure 1. Percentage difference between the UK's GDP per capita and EU founding members' (EU6) and EU5 (excludes Luxembourg) between 1950 and 2011
Data source: Penn World Tables 8.0.
Stockholm and two vetoes
The 1960 Stockholm Treaty launched EFTA.5 Tellingly, in July 1961, the UK opened membership negotiations with the European Communities. In 1961 the difference in per capita GDP between UK and EU6 reached 10%. After long and difficult, yet somewhat successful, negotiations, De Gaulle vetoed the British application in 1963.
This was the time when perception about the economic role of the Commonwealth started to turn.[6] As an export market it was less competitive, less sophisticated, and less demanding than markets in developed countries. Further, EFTA's performance from the outset was clearly inferior to that of the EC (Aitken 1973, Bayoumi and Eichengreen 1997).
The 1964 election returned the Labour party to power after thirteen years in opposition. Harold Wilson made another attempt at preserving the Commonwealth option. It failed: in 1967 Britain applied for membership for a second time (Tatham 2009.) Again, De Gaulle vetoed. The difference in per capita GDP between the UK and the EU6 average was 6% in 1967.
De Gaulle's presidency was a victim of the 1968 student protests. One of Pompidou's first foreign policy actions was to encourage the UK to apply for membership for the third time (Young 1998). Pompidou is also credited with establishing a system of individual country contributions to the Community budget. He did so before (i.e. without) the British. When the UK applied in 1969, per capita GDP was 2% below the EU6 average.
Finally in, but at what cost?
Among all UK Prime Ministers, Heath was the staunchest supporter of European integration. In 1973 when the UK joined, the Common Agricultural Policy was in place and so was a system to fund the Community (earmarking revenues from levies on food imports and the common external tariff on industrial goods as EC's resources.) This would potentially disadvantage Britain because it imported relatively more from non-EC countries.[7] When the UK joined in 1973, per capita GDP was 7% smaller than the EU6 average.
The special relationship with the US, the Commonwealth, and the belief that purely economic integration (FTA) would be superior to deeper, politico-economic alternatives are often among the reasons for the delay in British membership. Special relation or not, the US was a resolute supporter of European integration from the outset. With the independence of India, the Suez crisis, and African decolonisation, Commonwealth links tapered (Darwin 2009, Garavini 2012). Applying for EC membership one year after the creation of EFTA reveals which alternative was perceived as superior.
Today, advocates of Britain leaving the EU parade two economic alternatives, one based on the Commonwealth and another on bilateral free trade treaties. As shown above, these did not work as well, so it is unclear why they would now be superior to EU membership (Campos et al. 2014).
Structural change may well be a more satisfactory explanation for Golden Age growth and catch-up with the US than EU membership. Yet, a stark structural break marked the trajectory of the per capita GDP ratio of Britain to the EU6.[8] For this alone, EU membership is an explanation that deserves more careful examination.
Why did Britain join the European project?
Why did Britain join? For various reasons. Because De Gaulle left, the Commonwealth could not compete, Heath defeated Wilson, the free trade area integration model sunk. But above all, Britain joined because joining the European project was perceived to be a way to stop its relative economic decline. In 1950, UK's per capita GDP was almost a third larger than the EU6 average; in 1973, it was about 10% below; it has been comparatively stable ever since. On this basis, joining the EU worked – it helped to halt Britain's relative economic decline vis-à-vis the EU6.
References
Aitken, N (1973), “The Effect of the EEC and EFTA on European Trade: A Temporal Cross-Section Analysis,” The American Economic Review, 63(5): 881-892.
Bayoumi, T and B Eichengreen (1997), “Is Regionalism Simply a Diversion? Evidence from the Evolution of the EC and EFTA,” in T Ito and A Krueger (Eds.), Regionalism vs. Multilateral Arrangements, NBER/University of Chicago Press.
Campos, N, Coricelli, F and L Moretti (2014), “Economic Growth and Political Integration: Estimating the Benefits from Membership in the European Union”, CEPR Discussion Paper 9968.
Copsey, N and T Haughton (2014), “Farewell Britannia? ‘Issue Capture' and the Politics of Cameron's 2013 EU Referendum Pledge,” Journal of Common Market Studies 52 (1): 74-89.
Crafts, N (2012), “British Relative Economic Decline Revisited: The Role of Competition,” Explorations in Economic History, 49 (1), 17-29.
Darwin, J (2011), The Empire Project: The Rise and Fall of the British World System 1830-1970, Cambridge University Press.
Dell, E (1995), The Schuman Plan and the British Abdication of Leadership in Europe, Clarendon Press.
Eichengreen, B (2008) “European Integration” in D Wittman and B Weingast (Eds.), Oxford Handbook of Political Economy, Oxford University Press.
Garavini, G (2012), After Empires: European Integration, Decolonization, and the Challenge from the Global South 1957-1986, Oxford University Press.
George, S (1994), An Awkward Partner: Britain in the European Community, Oxford University Press (2nd edition).
Gowland, D and A Turner (1999), Reluctant Europeans: Britain and European Integration 1945-1998, Routledge.
Sapir, A (2011), “European Integration at the Crossroads: A Review Essay on the 50th Anniversary of Bela Balassa's Theory of Economic Integration,” Journal of Economic Literature 49:4, 1200–1229.
Tatham, A (2009), Enlargement of the European Union, Amsterdam: Kluwer European Law Collection.
Temin, P (2003), “The Golden Age of European Growth Reconsidered,” European Review of Economic History 6, 3-22.
Young, H (1998), This Blessed Plot: Britain and Europe from Churchill to Blair, Overlook Press.
Footnotes
1 We detect a structural break for the two series in Figure 1 around year 1969 using various tests (e.g., Chow, Bai-Perron, and Zivot-Andrews) and conventional levels of statistical significance.
2 For international comparisons, the Penn World Tables (PWT) is considered the superior data source. However, it starts in 1950. Data from Maddison goes back much further, so we use his estimate for 1945. Note that the behaviour of the UK-EU6 ratio of per capita GDPs between 1950 and 2010 is unsurprisingly similar in these two data sources and that, differently from PWT, the Maddison data set does not include Luxembourg.
3 The ECSC created a set of institutions to coordinate and integrate coal and steel production among the EU6: a “High Authority to monitor compliance with the terms of the agreement, a Common Assembly of parliamentarians to hold the High Authority accountable, and a Community Court to adjudicate disputes between the High Authority and member states” (Eichengreen 2008.)
4 Because Luxembourg was not such a significant financial centre before the 1980s, Figure 1 shows two series, one for the ratio of the UK per capita GDP to the EU6 and the other to the EU5 (EU6 excluding Luxembourg.) Despite broad similarities, without Luxembourg the decline is steeper before the 1973 and flatter afterwards.
5 EFTA founding members were the UK, Austria, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland, and Portugal. These were often referred to as the Outer Seven so as to contrast with the Communities' Inner Six.
6 Euro scepticism was then influential in both the Conservative and Labour parties. During the 1961 parliamentary debate, Harold Wilson said famously on record : “if there has to be a choice we are not entitled to sell our friends and kinsmen down the river for a problematical and marginal advantage in selling washing machines in Dusseldorf” (Gowland and Turner 1999). Young (1998) argues that euro scepticism still resonates within the Conservative party, while for Labour it loses steam in the 1990s.
7 1973 also inaugurates a volatile period with the collapse of the Bretton Woods system and the first oil shock.
8 Notice that this has important implications for constructing counterfactuals because of the difficulty in finding pre-entry trajectories comparable to the UK's (Campos et al. 2014)
How Falcon And Ant-Man's Relationship Will Grow In Captain America: Civil War By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
I had the wonderful opportunity to sit down with the
Yeah, our relationship is… yeah [laughs]. It grows in Civil War. But that's Paul Rudd, man. Paul Rudd and I just make fun of each other all the time, so it just carries over into the movie. So I respect his [Kansas City] Royals – I'm pulling for his Royals – but we just make fun of each other all the time.
Is anyone not tremendous excited just hearing this? There are a lot of great comedic voices in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but Anthony Mackie and Paul Rudd certainly rank towards the top, and the idea of seeing them constantly exchanging barbs sounds absolutely delightful. Thanks to the tone of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, we weren't really imagining Captain America: Civil War to be one of Marvel's funnier entries, but this news definitely alters our perceptions a little bit.
Of course, while
Captain America: Civil War has wrapped production, and is currently making its way through the post-production process to get ready for its May 5, 2016 release date. Stay tuned for more info about the film, as well as from our interview with Anthony Mackie! As Marvel fans know, Anthony Mackie's Falcon and Paul Rudd's Ant-Man didn't exactly start their relationship on the best of terms. As we saw in the latter's solo film this past summer, they first encountered each other while the shrinking hero was trying to steal something from the New Avengers Facility, and the result was a fight that left Falcon just a little embarrassed. Soon we will be seeing the two characters come together once again in Joe and Anthony Russo's Captain America: Civil War , but what should we expect? According to Mackie, one key thing that will be on the menu will be a whole lot of humor.I had the wonderful opportunity to sit down with the Captain America: The Winter Soldier star this afternoon at the Los Angeles press day for Our Brand Is Crisis , and it was while discussing his next big Marvel Studios adventure that the actor revealed what we can anticipate from Falcon and Ant-Man being back together in the new sequel. I asked Mackie how the two heroes will be getting along after their first encounter, and he explained,Is anyone not tremendous excited just hearing this? There are a lot of great comedic voices in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, but Anthony Mackie and Paul Rudd certainly rank towards the top, and the idea of seeing them constantly exchanging barbs sounds absolutely delightful. Thanks to the tone of Captain America: The Winter Soldier, we weren't really imagining Captain America: Civil War to be one of Marvel's funnier entries, but this news definitely alters our perceptions a little bit.Of course, while Falcon and Ant-Man may continue to antagonize each other in the upcoming blockbuster, they will still be fighting on the same team. As we learned a couple months back , both men will be joining Captain America, The Winter Soldier, Agent 13, and Hawkeye in the fight against the new global superhero legislation (which we know of right now as "The Accords"). They will be facing off against the likes of Iron Man, War Machine, Black Widow, Vision and Black Panther, and while those two teams seem to be a bit uneven , we fully expect plenty of surprises throughout the movie that will help make it a fair fight.Captain America: Civil War has wrapped production, and is currently making its way through the post-production process to get ready for its May 5, 2016 release date. Stay tuned for more info about the film, as well as from our interview with Anthony Mackie! Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
During a tribute to Martin Luther King Jr. today at Ottawa City Hall, Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau shared personal stories of playing with her children in the snow, and spoke at length about how important it is for all of us to love our differences, before closing her speech by singing a song she wrote for her daughter.
"This is not planned, trust me," she said, before explaining that she wrote the tune for Ella-Grace during what she describes as "a difficult time" in her life. She said the song, Smile Back at Me, reminds her of all the hope there is in her life.
When she finished the short song her performance was met with a standing ovation from the audience, including former prime minister Joe Clark.
Grégoire-Trudeau was a guest speaker at Monday's event, which also honoured Clark with the DreamKeepers lifetime achievement award for his leadership in the fight against apartheid and for his work on aboriginal justice.
DreamKeepers is an Ottawa based group that has been holding award ceremonies at Ottawa City Hall since 2004. Past winners include former governor general Michaëlle Jean in 2014 and Michael (Pinball) Clemons in 2015
Martin Luther King Day is an American holiday to mark the birthday of the slain civil rights leader and is held on the third Monday in January each year.
The Coyotes have one of the best prospects pools in the league and are a team on the rise. But 2016-17 will be another developmental year before a breakthrough in a year or two.
THN is rolling out its 2016-17 Team Previews daily, in reverse order of 2015-16 overall finish, until the start of the season. Today, the Arizona Coyotes.
THN's Prediction: 6th in Pacific
Stanley Cup odds: 65-1
Key additions: Jamie McGinn, LW; Alex Goligoski, D; Radim Vrbata, RW; Luke Schenn, D; Lawon Crouse, LW; Ryan White, RW; Jamie McBain, D
Key departures: Antoine Vermette, C; Boyd Gordon, C; Joe Vitale, C; Kyle Chipchura, C; Sergei Plotnikov, LW
THREE QUESTIONS:
– Will there be much of an NHL learning curve for Dylan Strome? Strome was the third-overall pick in 2015 and finished as the No. 1 prospect in Future Watch 2016. The crafty center has another season of junior eligibility, but don't expect him to see the OHL unless he picks it up on satellite. He's ready for the NHL.
Strome is the team's future No. 1 center, perhaps as soon as next season. For now, expect to see him get sheltered time on Arizona's second line behind Martin Hanzal, perhaps with Shane Doan and Jamie McGinn. It's tempting to put Strome with young guns Max Domi and Anthony Duclair, but that won't happen right away.
-Is Anthony Duclair a candidate for the sophomore slump? Playing with fellow rookie Domi, Duclair started off like gangbusters last season, scoring a hat trick in his third game and recording points in five of his first six games. But defenses started to hone in on the Arizona rookies and their production dipped.
Of Duclair's 20 goals, only eight came in the second half, and he finished the year with just four goals in 26 games. Duclair will have to use his speed and smarts to find ways of beating tough defenses.
-Will we see the Mike Smith of old or old Mike Smith? After posting a .930 save percentage and finishing fourth in Vezina voting in 2011-12, Smith has been trending to below league-average numbers. He's now 34 and has three years left at $5.67 million AAV.
Smith missed more than three months last season with a core muscle injury. But the good news is that in the 10 games he played after his return last March, he posted two shutouts and had a .944 save percentage. That sounds like the Mike Smith of old.
Player projections are based off a three-year version of Game Score (which you can read about here) weighted by recency and repeatability and then translated to its approximate win value (Game Score Value Added or GSVA). Team strength was derived from the combined value of every player's GSVA on a team. The season was then simulated 10,000 times factoring in team strength, opponent strength and rest. READ ALSO: Ask Me Anything: Will Penguins make aggressive upgrades at the trade deadline?
BY DOMINIK LUSZCZYSZYN
The Arizona Coyotes are a team on the rise, but this season will likely be a developmental one. While they made a lot of interesting moves in the off-season at the helm of new numbers-savvy GM John Chayka, they're still at least a year out from contending for a playoff spot. With the depth in their prospect pipeline, it won't be long until this team is a real powerhouse in the West.
This season will be a showcase year of what's to come in that regard. Dylan Strome likely starts the year as the team's No. 2 center and it won't be long until he's the top dog and a legit number one center in the league. And this team needs one, or any first line forward for that matter. Wingers Max Domi and Anthony Duclair have the potential to be just that, but they'll need to take another step after a promising first season. The Coyotes lack top-end talent (they're the only team without a first line forward) and have the worst top three forwards in the league at this juncture, but that likely changes during the season.
The bottom of the lineup isn't terrible, but it isn't great either. Chayka has shown he's not afraid to cut the fat by buying out Antoine Vermette, so it's likely that once the team is actually ready to compete their depth at forward will be addressed.
Defense is the biggest strength of the club thanks to Should-Be-A-Norris-Candidate-Someday Oliver Ekman-Larsson. The addition of Alex Goligoski was Chayka's best move of the off-season and he should provide a lot of value on the back-end. The rest of the group is rather ordinary, although it is interesting that Connor Murphy was the guy to get term this off-season and not Michael Stone.
Goaltending is Arizona's biggest problem as Mike Smith is overpaid and overrated. Since his herculean 2011-12 campaign he's provided mostly replacement level goaltending for Arizona which is not ideal considering his paycheque. Louis Domingue was solid in limited starts last year, but unless Smith gets injured he'll likely only be reduced to a backup role.
The Coyotes have a very promising future and while this season likely won't be a winning one, it will allow the team to add another high-end piece at the draft to an already stacked cupboard.
Up next: Buffalo Sabres
Previously: Toronto Maple Leafs | Edmonton Oilers | Vancouver Canucks | Columbus Blue Jackets | Calgary Flames | Winnipeg Jets
A PUB in Southampton has been banned from selling alcohol for five days after booze was sold to two teenagers.
Hampshire Constabulary has issued a closure notice to The Rockstone in Bevois Valley.
The pub has accepted the order and therefore will not be allowed to sell alcohol between noon on August 2 and noon on August 7.
The police say the pub failed two underage test purchase operations where staff sold alcohol to 16-year-olds.
In a statement, owners Rockstone Cherry Ltd said: "Due to an error in training and administration The Rockstone will not be permitted to sell alcohol between 12:00 on Tuesday 2nd August 2016 and 12:00 on Sunday 7th August 2016.
"We will be offering food and a selection of non-alcoholic beer and soft drinks during this period.
"As stated above, we are prohibited from serving alcohol after failing two police spot checks based on the ‘Challenge 25' policy.
"On each occasion the member of staff who failed the spot check was fined £90.
"On the second occasion Rockstone management took the decision to dismiss the employee who failed the spot check.
"As with all outlets selling alcohol and on strict advice from the local licensing authority, The Rockstone operates a strict Challenge 25 policy and all our staff have been trained to request proof of identity from all people ordering alcoholic beverages who appear to be under 25 years of age.
"These recent occasions were the first and only occasions that we have failed a spot check since we opened in 2011.
"The Rockstone is a welcoming, family-friendly gastropub that primarily sells food and premium alcoholic drinks to an audience largely falling in the 25-34 age range.
"We do not condone or encourage under-age drinking. We have never targeted young drinkers or encouraged a binge drinking culture in any way.
"To show how much we understand the harm cause by alcohol, the pub has made donations to Alcohol Concern - a small independent charity that is committed to reducing harm from alcohol-related problems and Board in the City - our neighbours and a not-for-profit charity.
"Please accept our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this may cause to customers."
Psycho-Cybernetics is a self-help book written by Maxwell Maltz in 1960.[1] Motivational and self-help experts in personal development, including Zig Ziglar, Tony Robbins, Brian Tracy have based their techniques on Maxwell Maltz. Many of the psychological methods of training elite athletes are based on the concepts in Psycho-Cybernetics as well.[2] The book combines the cognitive behavioral technique of teaching an individual how to regulate self-concept, using theories developed by Prescott Lecky, with the cybernetics of Norbert Wiener and John von Neumann. The book defines the mind-body connection as the core in succeeding in attaining personal goals.[3]
Maltz found that his plastic surgery patients often had expectations that were not satisfied by the surgery, so he pursued a means of helping them set the goal of a positive outcome through visualization of that positive outcome.[3] Maltz became interested in why setting goals works. He learned that the power of self-affirmation and mental visualization techniques used the connection between the mind and the body. He specified techniques to develop a positive inner goal as a means of developing a positive outer goal. This concentration on inner attitudes is essential to his approach, as a person's outer success can never rise above the one visualized internally.
Reception [ edit ]
The book rapidly attained best-seller status and has remained in print continuously since its publication in 1960.
Posthumous editions [ edit ]
Several later editions[4] have been produced since his death in 1975.[5]
LOS ANGELES – Mayor Eric Garcetti will deliver his first State of the City address today at 5 p.m., offering a recap of his first nine months in office and likely giving a preview of the upcoming budget season at City Hall.
The mayor's speech at the California Science Center will come one day after the release of a report that made a series of recommendations for improving what a residents' panel called a crisis in leadership in a city plagued by continued unemployment, a lack of job growth and chronic budget deficits.
The Los Angeles 2020 Commission, chaired by former U.S. Commerce Secretary Mickey Kantor, recommended steps including the creation of an office of transparency and accountability and the establishment of an independent oversight and rate-setting commission for the Department of Water and Power.
The DWP has been a key issue for Garcetti, who vowed to impose greater oversight of the utility, which has been plagued in recent months with a troubled billing system that resulted in some customers receiving exorbitant, inaccurate bills. Customer service call wait times also ballooned as people called in to fix their bills. The city also has been battling to learn more about the activities of a pair of safety and training trusts that received more than $40 million in ratepayer money from the DWP. The DWP employees' union has resisted providing the city with details about the trusts' use of the funding.
The City Council in February confirmed Marcie Edwards, who was Anaheim's city manager, as the new general manager of the DWP.
In his speech, Garcetti is also likely to discuss the city's financial situation, with upcoming debate expected at City Hall over the city's budget. City officials are projecting a $242 million budget deficit for the 2014-15 fiscal year.
City Administrative Officer Miguel Santana released a report last month that recommended the city work to eliminate its structural deficit by 2018, grow its reserves, reduce the city's vulnerability to lawsuits, hire civilians to take over some work now being performed by sworn police officers and firefighters and use technology to cut costs.
Santana also recommended that city leaders back efforts to negotiate with city employee unions for agreements that would result in no raises for at least three years; change salary levels, including lowering entry-level pay; and employees paying 10 percent of their own health care premiums.
President Obama publicly released his birth certificate 878 days ago. And still, a Republican congressman went on national television Friday and cast doubt on the legitimacy of the Obama presidency.
Republican Rep. Blake Farenthold of Texas came on Hardball to discuss how fellow Lone Star State lawmaker Sen. Ted Cruz tried to defund Obamacare, and how the strategy may be blowing up in his face. Host Chris Matthews asked him about the criticism Cruz has been facing from his fellow GOPers.
Farenthold suggested those people might be preparing to run for president against Cruz.
Matthews then asked about Cruz's eligibility, because he was born in Canada. (Matthews has long maintained that Cruz, who has an American mother, is indeed eligible to be president.)
“I believe he's eligible. He had an American mother. I believe you're a natural born citizen. Do you agree with that?” Matthews asked the congressman.
Farenthold replied, “Listen, we've had this discussion on Obama…He's as eligible as Obama is.”
Ultimately, Matthews said, “Can you repeat after me: he was legitimately elected president.”
Farenthold repeated, but with a key word left out: “President Obama was elected president”
“Legitimately,” said Matthews.
“The people elected him,” Farenthold said, refusing to say “legitimately.”
Matthews concluded: “Everybody watches knows what you're doing. You're dodge balling.”
The Big Ten Network took the lead in the race to establish a conference network, quickly establishing a polished product, one which has been sustained to this day. The Big Ten has benefited greatly from its conference network, and other leagues noticed.
The SEC Network, though only one year old, has immediately begun to fatten the league's coffers and generate substantial revenue streams for its member schools. The demand for SEC football made the launch of the network a natural, and the results flow in accordance with that basic expectation.
In the Pac-12, the story is different, though not necessarily with a grim long-term outlook. The short-term picture is not exactly comforting or reassuring for commissioner Larry Scott. Yet, Scott is not relying on short-term maneuvers here. Student Section football columnist Allen Kenney — writing for Awful Announcing in early March of this year — outlined the big picture for Scott and the Pac-12 here. Because the Pac-12 fully owns the Pac-12 Network, it won't split revenues with other broadcasters or outside parties. It might not fetch the same amounts of dollars in the next cycle or two of negotiations for rights fees, but those deficits will be partly compensated for with more retention of revenues.
Moreover, amid worries about cord-cutting, a la carte cable, and other potential shifts that might arrive in the cable sports broadcasting 10 to 15 years from now (perhaps a little bit sooner — who knows?), the Pac-12 could see its standing improve to a considerable extent. That, at least, is what Scott is counting on. In uncertain times, full ownership of a league network with one main channel and various regional extensions of it (Pac-12 Mountain, Pac-12 Bay Area, Pac-12 Los Angeles, Pac-12 Oregon, etc.) might not be the worst long-term setup.
The ACC and commissioner John Swofford are taking in all these realities and considering how to make their entry into the conference network game.
*
Yes, the ACC has a robust basketball brand and a steadily improving football brand. It is also in the Eastern time zone, so it doesn't have the headaches the Pac-12 must confront every football season. ESPNU has studios and facilities in Charlotte, the heart of ACC country. One would therefore think that the ACC Network, once it launches, will partner with ESPN to some extent. This won't be a Pac-12 model in its entirety.
Yet, given the reality of a large conference (14 schools for football, 15 for hoops), with splits between football schools (Florida State, Clemson, Georgia Tech) and basketball schools (Louisville, North Carolina, Duke, Virginia), the ACC Network wouldn't be identified with only one sport the way the Big Ten and SEC are with football — at least not to the same extent. The league has to think long and hard about how it wants to assemble and distribute the full infrastructure of the network. A collection of regional channels in addition to a main ACC Network channel might merit consideration. (They might not.)
The main point: This is going to take time. This article by Kevin McGuire of College Football Talk (also a Student Section contributor) delves into the tension points facing the ACC Network.
A number of well-connected people who regularly follow the league for a living — radio hosts in North Carolina and Louisville, for example — are paying close attention to ACC Football Media Days this week. Local chatter and behind-the-scenes conversations are leading these observers to think that 2017 is the likely launch date, though that's a preliminary assessment:
RE: ACC channel. Industry folks I've talked to seem fixated on 2017. — Joe Ovies (@joeovies) July 20, 2015
Same. RT @joeovies: RE: ACC channel. Industry folks I've talked to seem fixated on 2017. — Mark Ennis (@MarkEnnis) July 20, 2015
The Big Ten, Pac-12, and SEC needed to launch their networks when they did. It's hard to look at any of those three launches and conclude that any of those leagues did not pick the right time. Even the Pac-12 — lagging behind the Big Ten and SEC in terms of revenues — has seen the caliber of its football coaches rise markedly since its own network was created.
Now, the ACC is making sure it launches at the right time. Not wanting to rush — given all the fluctuations in the broadcasting industry — is an appropriate and prudent inclination.
Based on how effective the 49ers' passing offense was in 2012, and how it has slumped in 2013, it could be argued that wide receiver Michael Crabtree is the most valuable player in the NFL.
Last season, the 49ers averaged 206 yards passing per game. This year, the average has fallen to 168 yards per game – the worst in the league. In 2012, quarterback Colin Kaepernick averaged 8.3 yards per pass attempt; this season, the number has dropped to 7.1.
The missing element? Crabtree.
In his fourth season in the NFL, Crabtree had a sensational season, with career highs in catches (85), yards (1,105) and touchdowns (9). Whether it was catching passes from Alex Smith in the first half of the season or Kaepernick in the second half, Crabtree was the 49ers' go-to receiver.
This season, the 49ers have missed his ability to get open, stretch the field and open up other offensive options. Though wideout Anquan Boldin and tight end Vernon Davis have been terrific, the 49ers have missed the Kaepernick-to-Crabtree chemistry that at times was electric last season.
In the final five regular-season games of 2012, Crabtree three times had more than 100 yards receiving and averaged seven receptions. In three postseason games, including the Super Bowl, he had 20 catches for 285 yards and three TDs.
Now, with the 49ers coming off a second straight loss and struggling at 6-4, Crabtree might be ready to play.
The receiver, who tore an Achilles' tendon in practice back in May, has been practicing with the team since early November. And, it was thought he might have been activated for last week's game in New Orleans, but the 49ers decided to be cautious.
Now, however, the Niners appear on the verge of activating their No. 1 receiver.
San Francisco has an extra day to prepare for its Monday night date with the Redskins, so the timing might be perfect.
When head coach Jim Harbaugh was asked Monday if Crabtree is close to coming back, he told Carl Steward of the Bay Area News Group, “I think so. I think he's close.”
Harbaugh did not stifle speculation that this could be the week Crabtree gets back on the field in an NFL game.
“We'll see,” Harbaugh told the media. “A lot of it's going to depend on him getting out there every day, practicing and see how much of a load he can do.”
In the week leading up to the Saints game, 49ers offensive coordinator Greg Roman said Crabtree was “looking really good.”
Cornerback Carlos Rogers said last week that he didn't believe Crabtree wasn't ready for the Saints game because he hadn't yet started to “talk trash” at him the way he used to. Once Crabtree starts doing that, he's ready, Rogers said. All he knows is that the team needs Crabtree.
“The sooner he can get out there, I'm sure he'll be a big help to our offense,” Rogers told the team's website.
On Thursday in the Hamburg suburb of Moorburg, Hamburg's mayor Olaf Scholz, a leading figure in Germany's Social Democratic Party (SPD), stood alongside Magnus Hall, president of Swedish energy utility Vattenfall, and pushed a big button.
The button-pushing symbolized Vattenfall's ceremonial opening of a 1,600 Megawatt (MW) coal-fired power plant that had been under construction for eight years - despite heated opposition from Germany's greens, who want the country to exit from coal altogether.
One day earlier, in London, the UK government had announced a ten-year plan to close down all remaining coal-fired power stations in Britain. At the very same time as UK politicians were basking in the resulting applause, Scholz's fellow Social Democrat, Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel, the leader of the SPD and the country's minister of economy and energy, sat in a Berlin conference room absorbing some bad news.
An independent commission of senior energy experts advising his ministry explained to him on Wednesday that Germany was on track to miss - rather badly - the carbon emissions goals the government had set for the country to meet by 2020.
Perhaps the button pushed by officials at Moorburg's launch could equally well be interpreted as the detonation button on Germany's emissions reduction goals
Commitments outstripping actions
Germany is on track to meet some sub-goals, the experts reported, including continued brisk expansion of renewable energy generation capacity, which exceeded 30 percent of the country's total generation in the first half of 2015.
But the central target of reducing CO2 emissions by 40 percent compared to 1990 levels by 2020 was "seriously in danger," according to Andreas Löschel, director of the four-person expert commission, as it presented its fourth annual monitoring report on Germany's Energiewende (energy transition).
"The tempo of total carbon emissions reductions achieved each year needs to be roughly tripled" in order to meet the government's 2020 target, Löschel told DW, saying the annual emissions reduction rate in recent years has been 9 million tons of CO2 per annum, but needed to be 27 million tons.
Protest erupted against the Garzweiler brown coal strip mine, Erkelenz, in western Germany
"The German government introduced a couple of new emissions reductions programs recently, including a national action plan for energy efficiency,# but the programs haven't been implemented yet and it's too early to say whether they'll be enough to close that gap," Löschel said. The commision's report detailed some reasons to suspect not
Excessive emissions from cars, houses, coal-fired power plants
One of the biggest problems the commission found was that energy use in the German transport sector had continued to increase - it was 1.7 percent higher in 2014 than in 2005. Another was slower-than-planned progress in improving energy efficiency, especially in the housing sector, where too little was being done to improve insulation.
A third was continued operation of too many coal-fired power plants, including lignite (brown coal) burning plants, which are especially emissions-intensive.
For these and other reasons, total carbon emissions were not dropping nearly as fast as the 2020 target demanded. Minister Gabriel admitted more needed to be done, pointing to an expansion in Germany's electric vehicle fleet as one of his priorities. However, he has been a stubborn defender of the coal industry, pointing to the undesirability of job losses in economically weak coal-producing regions.
A Greenpeace protest against coal strip-mining in the Lausitz region south of Berlin. The signs display names of villages that were destroyed to make way for lignite strip-mines
Meanwhile in Sweden, the government was getting ready to travel to Paris for COP21, the big UN climate policy conference, with a flashy "Fossil Free" campaign, boasting that it intends to be the first industrial country to go fossil-free, and inviting others to join in.
On both the corporate and government side, in Germany as well as Sweden, emissions numbers and climate policies were not adding up.
The Pontius Pilate of climate policy
On the corporate side, the problem was Vattenfall's intention to divest from its brown-coal assets. Vattenfall AB is a company wholly owned by the Swedish government, with subsidiaries in several European countries.
In Berlin, a citizen-driven referendum in 2013 aiming to force the city to buy its power grid off Vattenfall nearly succeeded
Vattenfall's German subsidiary is Germany's third largest power generator, with more than 20,500 employees, annual revenues of more than 11 billion euros ($12 billion), and a power-generation portfolio consisting primarily of coal-fired power plants - including several particularly dirty lignite-fueled power plants in eastern Germany, including the one at Jänschwalde, pictured at the top of the page. Those lignite mines and power plants employ about 8,000 people.
The government of Sweden has decided it wants to gradually wash its hands of coal-burning - which is the electricity sector's worst generation technology by far in terms of emissions of climate-disrupting carbon dioxide, as well as other air pollutants. So Vattenfall has been seeking to sell its German brown-coal power generation assets, plus several associated lignite mines - some 9,000 MW of generating capacity.
MIBRAG, a coal and lignite producing subsidiary of Czech company Energetickky a Prumyslovy Holding (EPH), is reportedly interested in buying them - but regulatory uncertainties have delayed a sale.
This coal fired power station in Cottbus, Germany, makes the issue visible
Greenpeace's pitch
"Selling its brown-coal mines and associated power plants to another company won't make the slightest difference to greenhouse gas emissions," Annika Jacobson of Greenpeace Nordic in Sweden said. Vattenfall would be able to boast in its annual report that it's shifting away from coal power, but if the only change is that some other company operates the plants, that does nothing at all for climate safety.
That's why Greenpeace Sweden has offered to acquire Vattenfall Germany's brown-coal power plants and mines - with a view to shutting them down over time.
"Greenpeace has proposed that Vattenfall transfer its brown-coal plants and mines to a newly set-up foundation, which in partnership with regional governments would negotiate a gradual exit from coal and an economic restructuring in the affected regions between now and 2030," Jacobson told DW.
Greenpeace didn't offer Vattenfall any money, arguing that the social and environmental costs of burning lignite far exceed the value of the financial profits - so it makes no sense to pay for assets that lose money on a total cost accounting basis.
The new power station at Hamburg-Moorburg is fuelled by hard, or "black" coal, which is slightly less polluting than lignite (brown coal) when burned
The proposal was dismissed out-of-hand by Vattenfall. The Swedish government "seems intent on selling the assets to the highest bidder, while putting no environmental demands at all on potential buyers," Jacobson said. The price range: Between one and two billion euros - money gained at the expense of Sweden's environmental credibility.
Fossil free or sincerity free?
Jacobson called Swedish government's policy on Vattenfall's brown-coal assets hypocrisy at its purest, asking:
"If Sweden and Germany refuse to manage a near-term exit from coal power in an environmentally and socially responsible way, what does this mean for the world?"
The Swedish government would be sending a devastating signal by selling Vattenfall's brown-coal assets rather than shutting them down responsibly, Jacobson argued. India, China and other less wealthy countries would take note and quietly conclude that if two of the richest and supposedly most environmentally progressive governments in the world clearly weren't serious about getting out of coal-fired power, then they needn't bother taking the issue seriously either.
Broken biological clocks in blood vessels may contribute to hardened arteries, even if the main timer in the brain works fine. The finding, from transplant experiments with mice, suggests that throwing off the daily rhythms of the body's organs can have serious health consequences.
A wealth of evidence shows that skimping on sleep and working against the body's natural daily, or circadian, rhythms can raise the risk of developing illnesses such as heart disease and diabetes. Scientists assumed that the diseases resulted from malfunctions in a master clock in the brain, which synchronizes sleeping, waking and other body functions with the rising and setting of the sun.
But recently, scientists have discovered that the liver and other organs have their own internal clocks that may work independently of the brain clock and are set by meal times or other cues (SN: 4/10/10, p. 22). It wasn't clear unti
Epilepsy affects tens of millions of people worldwide, but the causes of epileptic seizures remain largely unknown. New research may have found a micro-gene that explains why some brains develop epileptic seizures while others do not.
New research finds a specific short segment of RNA that may be responsible for protecting the brain against seizures. New research finds a specific short segment of RNA that may be responsible for protecting the brain against seizures.
Epilepsy is a neurological disease that affects more than 5 million people in the United States, including children and adults. Worldwide, the number of people affected by epilepsy is as high as 50 million.
The condition manifests itself through recurrent seizures, which can sometimes be accompanied by a temporary loss of consciousness or convulsions.
These seizures can have genetic causes or can be triggered by different kinds of neural injury. All brains are prone to generating seizures, but the reasons why some brains do not develop them remain unknown.
For instance, although epilepsy can be developed as a result of having an ischemic stroke, only some of the people who have this type of stroke will go on to develop the condition. This suggests that there are other factors at play.
New research, published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, may have found one of these factors in the form of a micro-gene.
Prof. Hermona Soreq, from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel, started out from the hypothesis that healthy brains do not have seizures when exposed to flashing lights or other triggers because of so-called short RNAs, otherwise known as rapidly inducible microRNAs.
MicroRNAs are a class of RNA - that is, one of the macromolecules needed for all forms of life, together with DNA and proteins - that have the ability to suppress the genetic expression of certain proteins.
miR-211 has neuroprotective role
To test their hypothesis, Soreq and her team genetically designed a type of mouse that produces very large amounts of a microRNA called miR-211.
The overexpression of miR-211 taking place in the mice's forebrain was engineered in such a way that it could be lowered with the antibiotic doxycycline.
Soreq, along with colleagues at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Israel and Dalhousie University in Canada, managed to suppress the excess of miR-211 in the transgenic mice by using doxycycline, which brought the levels to normal.
After 4 days, they recorded the mice's brain activity using electrocorticography. They found that the mice reacted to the miR-211-suppressing doxycycline by having nonconvulsive seizures, as well as by accumulating miR-134 in the forebrain.
Previous studies have suggested that miR-134 might be responsible for epileptic seizures.
The new study revealed that once they had their levels of miR-211 lowered, the mice showed signs of epilepsy and a propensity for convulsions. They displayed a hypersensitivity to compounds that induce epilepsy, such as the miR-134.
This suggests that miR-211 has a neuroprotective role and is key in preventing epileptic seizures in genetically modified mice.
"Dynamic changes in the amount of miR-211 in the forebrains of these mice shifted the threshold for spontaneous and pharmacologically induced seizures, alongside changes in the cholinergic pathway genes," Prof. Soreq explains.
As the authors note, previous studies have shown that miR-211 is high in people with Alzheimer's disease who are also at a higher risk of developing epilepsy. Therefore, the researchers believe that high levels of miR-211 may have the same protective effect in humans.
"It is important to discover how only some people's brains present a susceptibility to seizures, while others do not, even when subjected to these same stressors. In searching for the physiological mechanisms that allow some people's brains to avoid epilepsy, we found that increased levels of microRNA 211 could have a protective effect." Prof. Hermona Soreq
The scientists hope that their discovery will help the medical research community to develop new treatments for epilepsy. Such therapies might work by raising the levels of miR-211 in human brains.
Learn why some images cause seizures while others do not.
The energy company EDF has dropped a £5m civil lawsuit against a group of 21 activists who occupied one of its gas-fired power plants for a week in October 2012, in a move described by supporters of the demonstrators as a "humiliating climbdown".
EDF faced a strong public backlash against its civil suit, which was described by opponents as an attempt to undermine peaceful protest in the UK, after details of the action were published in the Guardian.
The parents of one of the activists launched an online petition, which attracted 64,000 signatures in less than a month, including those of Richard Dawkins, Mark Ruffalo, Naomi Klein and Noam Chomsky, while several hundred apparent EDF customers posted on social media that they were switching to an alternative energy provider in protest at the action.
EDF had said the action against the campaigners was necessary to ensure that others considering similar campaigns "understand that they may face consequences" for the cost and disruption they cause.
The activists, part of the No Dash for Gas group fighting against a new generation of gas plants in the UK, had occupied the site of a gas-fired power plant owned by EDF in West Burton, beginning last October. Several remained strapped to a cooling tower at the site for over a week, the longest such occupation in the UK.
EDF's claim against the activists said this action had caused damage in excess of £5m, a figure that included staff and labour costs, delays to the completion of the station, specialist security and lost carbon emission credits.
The graphic designer Hannah Davey, one of the activists named in the suit, said the end of the civil action was a substantial victory for the campaign. "EDF's bullying lawsuit has bitten the dust because people power fought back," she said. "They thought they were taking on 21 of us, but they soon faced a movement that stood with us against an energy giant and its lawyers … only a few of us went up that chimney, but 64,000 people came down."
Another activist, Danielle Paffard, said the decision to drop the lawsuit would re-energise the environmental movement. "EDF has sustained an unmitigated defeat," she said. "A domineering company with an appalling record of pollution was trying to break the climate movement with a lawsuit they thought would silence opposition, but they failed. Our campaign to expose the lie behind the new dash for gas will continue, with a growing movement and new allies."
EDF said it had dropped the civil action as part of a settlement with the protesters, which it called a "fair and reasonable solution". "Following an offer we received from the protesters' lawyers to settle the civil case, EDF Energy has been working to agree a compromise agreement acceptable to both parties," said a spokesman.
"The protesters, who have all pleaded guilty in court to aggravated trespass, have agreed in principle to accept a permanent injunction which prevents them from entering multiple sites operated by EDF Energy. As a result of this, EDF Energy is dropping its claim for civil damages against them and believes that this is a fair and reasonable solution."
The company said it was a supporter of renewable energy, but added: "In order to keep the lights on in Britain, a mixture of energy sources is needed to provide reliable low-carbon energy."
Protest groups including UK Uncut, Plane Stupid and Greenpeace had made public statements on the potential consequences of a victory for EDF in their civil case, warning that requiring protesters to face bills into the millions for taking part in direct action protests could bring an end to such forms of civil disobedience.
The Green MP Caroline Lucas also raised the case through a written question to parliament with regard to allegations from some of the protesters that officers from Nottinghamshire police had been involved in passing on papers relating to EDF's civil case.
"In light of the allegations of complicity of officers in the efforts by EDF to stop the protests, we also need to ask questions about just whose interest the police are serving," she said. "Our police force is there to uphold the law and protect the public, not to defend the interests of private companies and their shareholders."
Nottinghamshire police had strongly denied serving any papers relating to the civil case, but acknowledged acting as a conduit between EDF and the protesters and said they had provided a copy of the civil action to a solicitor acting for one of the activists "as a courtesy to the activist".
A civil injunction against the activists, barring them from EDF power stations across the country, remains in force. The activists also still face potential prison sentences as a result of criminal charges in relation to the occupation of the power station.
All 21 pleaded guilty to charges of aggravated trespass at Mansfield magistrates court on 20 February. Several have previous convictions for similar actions in relation to protest, and so could face custodial sentences, which would be the first prison sentences for climate change activists in the UK.
Seventeen of the defendants will be sentenced on 20 March; the remaining four will be sentenced two weeks later, on 2 April.
New Manchester United signing Memphis Depay has asked to wear the club's fabled No 7 shirt this season.
The young forward has volunteered to take the iconic jersey made famous by George Best, Bryan Robson, Eric Cantona, David Beckham and Cristiano Ronaldo and about to be vacated by the outgoing forward Angel di Maria.
It is understood that United manager Louis van Gaal is yet to tell his squad their numbers. The number No 9 shirt is also available but Van Gaal has been impressed by Depay's request, seeing it as an indication of the Holland international's ambition and confidence.
Manchester United's summer signing Memphis Depay has asked to wear the club's iconic No 7 shirt
Depay (right) has volunteered to take the iconic jersey with Angel di Maria set to leave the club this summer
The Holland international's (right) request has been looked favourably upon by United boss Louis van Gaal
During the Red Devils' pre-season tour of the USA, the 21-year-old (centre) wore the No 9 shirt
Di Maria (left) poses with the No 7 shirt last summer upon his £60m arrival to the club from Real Madrid
However, the Argentina international looks set for a £44m switch to PSG after a disappointing term in England
PREVIOUS MAN UNITED NO 7'S Eric Cantona - (1993-1997) David Beckham - (1997-2003) Cristiano Ronaldo - (2003-2009) Michael Owen - (2009-2012) Antonio Valencia - (2012-13) Angel di Maria - (2014-) *You could wear any shirt up until 1993-94 season when squad numbers were introduced. Prior to then Manchester United club legends such as George Best and Bryan Robson wore the No 7 shirt with great distinction.
During the Red Devils' pre-season tour of the USA, Depay wore the No 9 shirt.
However, if Di Maria is sold to French side PSG in time for Friday's noon Barclays Premier League deadline for squad numbers then Depay could well get the No 7 shirt.
If he does, the 21-year-old will hope to break the curse of recent No 7 flops at Old Trafford.
Di Maria's spell at Old Trafford has been a complete disaster in the wake of his £60million record transfer from Real Madrid last August. He took the shirt from Antonio Valencia – who agreed to move to No 25 – while before that the injury-plagued Michael Owen carried the number.
Some pundits have already suggested Depay could one day have a similar impact to that of Ronaldo at Old Trafford. Taking the shirt worn by the great United forward, however, would only increase the pressure to perform in his debut season.
Meanwhile, Di Maria's £44m switch to PSG is still not complete. When it does go through, however, Barcelona wide man Pedro is expected to move to Old Trafford.
Di Maria is likely to lose out on a significant amount of his pay-off from United after essentially asking for a move. This comes after already being fined two weeks wages for refusing to join United on tour in America eleven days ago.
Depay will be hoping to match the feats of United legend Cristiano Ronaldo - who wore the shirt with distinction
Dennis Malone oversees consolidated garage handling work for various town departments while also running Mini-Trans bus system. He plans to take civil service exam to make provisional appointment a permanent job.
Buy Photo Dennis Malone (Photo: The Journal News)Buy Photo Story Highlights Dennis Malone preparing to take civil service test to make his job permanent
Job qualifications make it unlikely others could apply for test
Malone manages Clarkstown's Mini-Trans and oversees town fleet's maintenance
Clarkstown Supervisor Alex Gromack says town saves $1 million annually through garage, Mini-Trans consolidation
Malone, named Clarkstown's fleet manager at the town garage nearly two years ago, is about to take a civil service test to turn his provisional appointment into a permanent job.
And a well-paying one, too: $109,000 a year, plus overtime.
Malone won't face much if any competition for the May 17 test. Only one other person has applied to take it and it is likely he can't meet all of the very specific requirements to sit for the exam.
To qualify, you've got to be a town employee with three years of supervisory, managerial or administrative experience in government or corporate fleet management. You also need a bachelor's degree, but can substitute real-life experience.
A valid driver's license appropriate for the kind and size of vehicle to be operated is needed. So is hard-to-get certification as a state 19A examiner who can conduct written and road tests of bus drivers to make sure they comply with safety rules. The 19A legislation followed the 1972 Congers train-school bus crash at the Gilchrest Road crossing that killed five Nyack High School teens and injured dozens more.
In 2012, the Town Board opted to consolidate vehicle maintenance from three garages into one newly created garage that handles work for the Highway Department, the police, the Mini-Trans bus service, and the sewer and recreation departments. Malone also oversees the garage and daily operation of the bus service.
The move hasn't been without controversy and remains the subject of a lawsuit filed by town Highway Superintendent Wayne Ballard, who argues it violates state Highway Law. He says the elected highway superintendent answers to the public, but can't be effective if he can't control his highway equipment and all his personnel.
Rockland Personnel Commissioner Joan Silvestri said Malone's current provisional posting is considered a civil service job and that at some point, he had to take the test to continue in a permanent position.
One town resident, George Rumelt of New City, criticized the fleet manager job description on the grounds that it excludes everyone but Malone from being able to take the test because it is so specific.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"Everything in it is directed toward his benefit," Rumelt said.
He said if the job were opened up to those who aren't town employees, more people, possibly with better qualifications, might apply.
Clarkstown Town Supervisor Alex Gromack said the qualifications made sense given what the town was looking for in a fleet manager.
"That certainly limits the pool," Gromack said. "We want something very specific that ultimately saves money."
He said the town has saved about $1 million per year by consolidating the garages while also having Malone run the Mini-Trans. The town needs someone who understands how to supervise the garages and the fleet, Gromack said, and that's what Malone has been doing.
Malone said the realignment "really works" and he points to the tough winter as proof. Mechanics were deployed as needed to repair plows. In the past, he said, mechanics assigned to a specific garage had to remain at that garage.
He also said the job qualifications were very specific because he not only oversaw a fleet system, but unlike other municipalities, he also oversaw a federally funded bus route.
"So it makes it a very specific job," he said.
Twitter: @LauraInc15
Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1gJ6GYa
Two economists at the International Monetary Fund published a paper (The Chicago Plan Revisited) saying that fractional reserve banking causes most of our economic woes and that removing it would increase our GDP by 10%. This is according to the mathematical models the IMF has of our economy. The Chicago Plan was first published on March 16, 1933 by 8 economists including Irving Fisher. Its main proposals were to end fractional reserve banking and to dramatically reduce government debt.
Instead of listening to Fisher President Roosevelt confiscated gold which handed bankers an immediate 75% profit. FDR did meet with John Maynard Keynes but was not intellectually equipped to understand a word he said. Keynes wanted FDR to spend more on public works and less in direct relief because of the multiplier affect of investment as opposed to transfer payments. FDR chose to spend more in swing states like Pennsylvania and California accounting for the mass starvation in the solidly Democratic states. FDR also chose to listen to Bernard Baruch and Hans Morgenthau. For example, he paid cotton farmers to not plant cotton to drive the price up. The landowners pocketed the federal money and kicked the sharecroppers off the land. This in part created the Dust Bowl and led to the death by starvation of many of the displaced Okies (Oklahoma sharecroppers). The demographer Borisov says between 3 and 7 million Americans died of starvation while Roosevelt was in office. The worst part of the Depression did not start until the British devalued the pound on September 21, 1931.
Under a fractional reserve banking system, a privately owned bank can lend out ten, twenty or even thirty dollars for every dollar on deposit. If Mrs Smith deposits $1,000 in her account, her banker can loan out $10,000 or more dollars. This adds $10,000 to total demand for goods and services thus distorting the economy on the way up in a credit or business cycle. We get a lot of malinvestment in the boom years as businessmen and home buyers do not see the underlying problem of the fractional reserve credit cycle. When the man who borrowed $10,000 pays the money back plus the $1,000 interest, the banker subtracts $10,000 from the Money Supply and adds $1,000 to his profits ledger. The problems are that paying back debts (also known as deleveraging) destroys money and in sufficient numbers first leads to a recession and then to a Depression. And finally there is the problem of the 11th marble. The borrower was loaned ten dollars but had to pay back 11. That extra dollar had to come from someone else getting a loan to create the money he needed to pay back his loan plus interest.
Professor Steve Keen has proven that an increasing level of public and private debt leads to higher unemployment and lower wages. This perfectly describes America for the past 40 years.
Irving Fisher's plan was to reduce government debt and to eliminate fractional reserve banking. In the Notes below I explain my plans to make government debt at the federal, state and local levels illegal and to cancel a lot of private debt as well. Professor Keen wants to cut $20,000 from every adult's debts. I agree but would limit it to citizens. And I have much better funding sources. I also would credit $20,000 to retirement for those without debts, And allow it to be used as a down payment for first time home buyers.
Those two IMF economists listed the following as proven benefits from ending fractional reserve banking.
1) It would reduce business cycle fluctuations.
2) It would completely eliminate bank runs.
3) It would dramatically reduce government debt. (Please note the works of Rogoff and Reinhard who proves that all governments default after debt to GDP reaches 90%.)
4) It would dramatically reduce private debt as money creation no longer requires simultaneous debt creation. (As I said, Professor Keen and I both want to cancel a lot of private debt as well. But I would take it from the tens of trillions of dollars stolen from us by the bankers.
Notes: I would like to suggest the following as the most feasible means of seizing the tens of trillions of dollars stolen from us by the bankers:
Memo To Pentagon: Compare The Invasion Of Lichtenstein And The Cayman Islands To War With Iran And Syria
https://vidrebel.wordpress.com/2012/08/06/memo-to-pentagon-compare-the-invasion-of-lichtenstein-and-the-cayman-islands-to-war-with-iran-and-syria/
This next article tells you something of the evil nature of bankers:
Catherine Austin Fitts: The Black Budget And The Leveraged Buyout Of The World Using Stolen Money
https://vidrebel.wordpress.com/2011/11/10/catherine-austin-fitts-the-black-budget-and-the-leveraged-buyout-of-the-world-using-stolen-money/
For the less technically minded this next article explained what Debt Cancellation would look like though some object to the race of the persons involved.
Eddie Reborn Into A World With Debt Cancellation.
https://vidrebel.wordpress.com/2012/07/10/eddie-reborn-into-a-world-with-debt-cancellation/
The next article explains how Debt Cancellation, pension reform and healthcare reform could work:
What Real Debt Cancellation Combined With Pension And Health Care Reform Looks Like Part II
https://vidrebel.wordpress.com/2012/07/12/what-real-debt-cancellation-combined-with-pension-and-health-care-reform-looks-like-part-ii/
I first heard of the above IMF paper in this video.
The article referenced in the above video is here:
http://www.positivemoney.org.uk/2012/08/imf-working-paper-offers-supports-full-reserve-banking/
Shining in the Darkness is a classic dungeon crawler for the Sega Genesis.
Shining in the Darkness Images
Data
Alternate Titles Shining and the Darkness
シャイニング＆ザ・ダクネス Genre RPG / Dungeon crawler # of Players 1 Developer(s) Climax Entertainment
Sonic! Software Planning (Camelot) Publisher(s) SEGA
TecToy (BR) Release Dates March 29th, 1991 (JP)
March 28th, 1991 (US)
October 1991 (EU)
September 1997 (BR) Release Prices ¥ 8,700 (JP)
$ 79.99 (US)
£ 49.99 (EU)
R$ ? (BR) Product IDs G-5506 (JP)
670-1617 (US)
670-1617 (EU)
041260 (BR) Barcodes 4974365555061 (JP)
010086013108 (US)
4974365613105 (EU)
7891196041266 (BR) Rating N/A
Shining in the Darkness Overview
Shining in the Darkness is a first-person dungeon crawling RPG, much like the classic Wizardry PC game that was very popular in Japan.
It is said that Hiroyuki Takahashi did the majority of the work on the game. He had previously worked extensively on the Dragon Quest series up to DQ IV.
The game features 3 settings: the castle (where you talk to the king and his advisers), the town (where you shop and save), and the labyrinth, where you will be spending the majority of your time.
You'll navigate through 3D mazes, battling random encounters along with scripted boss fights, in your quest to become the Shining Knight, rescue the princess, and stop Dark Sol.
If you're a fan of dungeon crawlers, this one is highly recommended.
Shining in the Darkness Screenshots
You can find our collection of screenshots for the game below.
Shining in the Darkness Videos
Shining in the Darkness (SG) New Game Intro
Watch this video on YouTube
Shining in the Darkness Wallpapers
We don't have any SitD wallpapers yet. Do you? Let us know so we can post them!
Shining in the Darkness Artwork
Other Media
You can find a scan of the US instruction manual here in PDF format. A scan of the Japanese manual can be found here. Steam's multi-lingual manual can be found here.
A promotional flyer was released in Japan. Unfortunately, I do not have much information on it. Check it out below.
Shining in the Darkness Merchandise
Shining and the Darkness Koushiki Guide Book (シャイニング＆ザ・ダクネス 公式ガイドブック) is an official guide book published by Tokuma Shoten (ISBN # 4197410506 ) in May of 1991 for ¥650. It is 98 pages and contains character introductions, dungeon guides, monster data, and item data. It is much more focused on data.
A second guide book (シャイニング&ザ・ダクネス 攻略本) (ISBN 4-19-741051-4) was published later in the same month by Tokuma Shoten for ¥650. It is the same length and features more information, maps and secrets on the game.
Sound Story of Shining and the Darkness (サウンド・ストーリー・オブ・シャイニング＆ザ・ダクネス) is an 18-track album published by Toshiba EMI (Catalog # TOCT-6169) in Japan on June 7th, 1991 for ¥2,800.
Shining and the Darkness Attack Special is a magazine supplement released in Japan in 1991.
Doom Blade: Shining and the Darkness Gaiden was a manga supplement to Megadrive Fan magazine that ran in 21 installments in issues from 1992 to 1994, totaling 197 pages. Luckily, a forum poster on Shining Force Central obtained (albeit low quality) scans of every last panel. You can download a PDF of the entire collection in order here. Below you'll find a couple of sample pages.
You can head over to the original thread to find some translation notes for the majority of the chapters.
In early 1991, some post cards for the game were made available in Japan. Unfortunately, I can't find much information on them and only this small image from SFC.
Ports & Remakes
Shining the Darkness was ported to the Wii Virtual Console on June 12th, 2007 in Japan, August 13th, 2007 in North America, and September 9th, 2007 in Europe. It was priced at 700 points for Japan and 800 for NA and EU.
A Windows port of SitD can also be purchased on Steam as of January 2016 for just $2.99.
The game can be played on Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection ( Sega Mega Drive Ultimate Collection in Europe) for PS3 and Xbox 360. The game is available from the start and requires no unlocking.
Random Information
-In a November 2009 interview with GamesTM titled “Behind the Scenes: Shining Force,” Hiroyuki Takahashi said of the game:
Because we were on such a tight budget, apart from the programming and graphics, I did nearly all of the work on [Shining in the Darkness]. I suppose the basic concept behind Darkness was ‘realism'. I thought it would be exciting if the player could actually travel to a fantasy world and walk around, exploring old houses, dungeons and other places. It was in essence a continuation of the sense of excitement you'd get from moving through the dungeons in older games such as Wizardry. By ‘reality' I'm not talking about true realism – I mean the feeling that you really are progressing through actual houses and dungeons, and the same thing applied to the battles.
Guides
Marak's FAQ can be found here.
rippercito's secrets FAQ can be found here.
Below you will find PKeating's and Hordak's maps for the game. You can read PKeating's notes here.
Cheats & Secrets
Free Tamayoshi Helm
To get a free Tamayoshi helmet, enter a random battle then win, when it says ‘YOURNAME stands victorious' hold down A + C + Up + Start on controller 2. Then press A on controller 1.
Get Glass Armor
To get secret Glass Armor item enter random battle then win. When you see text ” stands victorious” press A + Down + Right on controller 2, then press A on controller 1 to continue.
Rename All Characters
At the name entry screen, input a name that takes up all the avaliable spaces (5 letter spaces). Then, select the ‘forward' button and you will be allowed to enter another name for the next character! This works for all the characters!
Game Genie Codes
No random battles AKRT-AA34 Walk through walls RY3A-A6TC 1 hit kills most enemies MKNT-EE0G Can always run from battles ABYA-EA6C “Search” in dungeons to spawn chests. Be careful with blocking your path ALBA-AA50 Buy items in shops regardless of current gold EABA-EA52 Extra items in shops, just scroll right CDYT-AA36 Chests give you 500 instead of 50 8WBT-ACC6 Chests give you 10,000 instead of 50 CCBT-ARL6 All chests with gold give you 9,999,999 HTVA-AJMT All characters have infinite HP ATRT-AA3J
Credits
Written and Produced by
Hiroyuki Takahashi
Special Effects
Yasuhiro Taguchi
Assistant Director
Yoshinori Tagawa
Bob Timbello
Artwork and Design
Hidehiro Yoshida
Outline and Storyboards
Yoshitaka Tamaki
Music
Masahiko Yoshimura
Visual Support
Ryutaro Ishimatsu
Technical Support
Haruki Kodera
Director
Kan Naitoh
Special Thanks
Media Mixture
Mad Cap
Executive Producer
Sega Enterprises
Created by Climax
External Links
Discuss this game on our forums!
Wikipedia Page
Buy Shining in the Darkness on Amazon
Search for the game on eBay
Special Thanks / Sources
-Cheats and secrets thanks to _0blivion_, GManiak, and Icelight.
-Game Genie codes by Tony Hedstrom.
-Japanese flyer courtesy of this blog.
-Doom Blade manga scans thanks to the landstalker.
BOSTON -- Bruins defenseman Matt Bartkowski will not face discipline for his check on Buffalo Sabres captain Brian Gionta on Sunday night, according to the league.
Bartkowski was given a game misconduct after he hit Gionta at 14:08 of the first period during Boston's 4-3 overtime win over the Sabres. On the play, Buffalo was attempting to break out of its zone when Gionta failed to receive a pass just inside the blue line. The puck was past Gionta when Bartkowski stepped up and hit him.
Gionta went spiraling to the ice and was tended to by a team trainer before skating off on his own. He was bleeding from the head and did not return to the game.
The NHL department of player safety tweeted that the hit was an example of "incidental head contact on an otherwise full body check." In the league's view, the head was not the main point of contact.
Bartkowski/Gionta is an example of incidental head contact on an otherwise full body check. pic.twitter.com/iCAyDjRwsN — NHL Player Safety (@NHLPlayerSafety) December 22, 2014
The head is not the MAIN point of contact. Also, Gionta puts himself in a vulnerable position making contact with his head unavoidable. — NHL Player Safety (@NHLPlayerSafety) December 22, 2014
Bartkowski neither extends upward, nor does he "pick" the head. — NHL Player Safety (@NHLPlayerSafety) December 22, 2014
Bartkowski reiterated Monday that he thought it was a clean hit.
"I watched the replay and I didn't see any head contact," Bartkowski said. "It's not like I was trying to hit him in the head or anything. I was just riding the [blue] line and it was just a play in the game."
Cheryl Teller doesn't use the Internet too often, but word of her youngest son's madcap mullet eventually reached the Teller household.
And with that, the most popular hairstyle in Blacksburg was no more.
"My mom said 'cut the mullet,'" laughed Wyatt. "And she wasn't joking, so I cut the mullet and that was that."
Freshman quarterback Jack Click did the honors while offensive tackle Wade Hansen — a beard enthusiast in his own right — managed the photography of the somewhat tragic event. But if you ask Wyatt, he still doesn't quite understand what all the hoopla was about.
"It was basically a whole ordeal, I guess. They thought it was hilarious. Everybody was snapchatting it and everything, putting it on Twitter and Facebook and all that stuff. It was just hair," Teller joked.
But the disappearance of the infamous mullet, or "bun of disgust" as Teller described it, was not the only offensive line mystery solved at Tuesday's media availability. Teller also revealed the origin of the meat tenderizer that he was seen clutching on the sideline against Furman.
"The Fool's Hammer, is what it's called. Fools was a thing that got started way back when and Augie...said it's the Hammer," said Teller.
#Hokies o-lineman of the week gets the Fool's Hammer, a custom meat tenderizer with inscriptions including "beat UVA" pic.twitter.com/TGPQKJbblB— Mike Barber (@RTD_MikeBarber) September 15, 2015
There is more to this hammer than meets the eye, though. Inscribed across the silver shell are motivational sayings like "Beat UVA" and "Pound it Out," a constant reminder to the offensive line of the bulldog mentality they embrace.
"It's funny, but it's something that actually does symbolize how hard we're working," Teller admitted.
Where does one find a meat tenderizer with motivational Virginia Tech slogans already carved into it? Well, that's where Tony Conte comes in.
"Augie's dad actually did the whole thing," Teller said of the custom work from the elder Conte. "It's really impressive actually. When he first pulled it over, I thought 'what the heck is that.' It was crazy."
But "The Fool's Hammer" would be meaningless if the Hokies offensive line wasn't producing on the field. Thankfully for Teller, the hammer's current owner, that hasn't been an issue thus far. While Teller earned rave reviews from offensive line coach Stacy Searles on Monday,, Wyatt credits his fellow linemen with doing a majority of the brunt work.
"I really do feel like having (Eric) Gallo and everything with that and having good guys around me, every good play I have it's someone else helping me out," said Teller. "Half the knockdowns or half the pins I get, you see someone chip him, get him off balance, and then I finish or someone else finishes. And it's not just me who's having amazing numbers. It's a lot of people. I think Augie (Conte) finished with like 4 pins, like 12 knockdowns. So we're winning contact and that's how you win games."
One of the sole blemishes of an otherwise impressive offensive line performance through the season's first two weeks was the communication mix-up that led to a broken collarbone for starting quarterback Michael Brewer. And while Teller says the group takes "100 percent accountability" for Brewer's injury, he's also confident it won't happen again.
"From there (Brewer's injury) on out, we were really focused on protecting the passer, not only just blocking your guy but protecting the passer," said Teller.
And after the licking Brewer took, the offensive line now takes exception to even the smallest blow to their quarterback.
"I think sometime during the game someone poked or cheap-shotted Motley and four of us jumped up and said something to him," said Teller. "We're not gonna get a penalty or anything like that, but we said something like 'treat our quarterback right.' It's just a mindset."
Additional Quotes
Scot Loeffler
ON BRENDEN MOTLEY'S PERFORMANCE AGAINST FURMAN:
"My assessment after the game, I think, was dead on in terms of I don't think we saw the field as well as we should have in the first half. In the second half, we did a much better job and made more plays. It was exciting for him to rebound off that first half. It was exciting for him to get a little momentum, a little confidence. It was great for our team."
ON SOME EARLY MISTAKES BRENDEN MOTLEY MADE:
"The first play of the game, for example, they went to Cover-2 on us which they haven't shown a snap of two-deep on first down at all. And we were throwing a smash route and he worked it as if it was free access Cover-4 and didn't see it. Then during the two minute drive, the throw that we made to Cam Phillips, the ball should have actually been to Isaiah. So there were some things like that, the details, a lot of things that probably the fans don't see, but that we see that needs to get corrected when you're playing a really good opponent."
Sam Rogers
ON CONFIDENCE IN BRENDEN MOTLEY:
"I don't think it shook our confidence at all, because we already had confidence in him. I'm just happy for him that he has that confidence now, that he's able to say 'I was able to go 90% in the third quarter, I was able to do this kind of stuff.' Just for his own psyche, I'm just happy for him."
Kevin Asante
ON DEPTH AT WR AND HIS PLAYING TIME:
"I'm just concerned about just playing because anything can happen, so I just got to make sure I'm ready and the backups have to make sure they're ready. We're all just making sure we're just getting better each and every day. It's not really an individual thing. It's just a whole team thing...No one expected Brewer to go down, you see Motley stepped up. It's just really like everyone step up."
ON NEEDING THE ENTIRE WR CORPS:
"It's just next man up. In reality, we're gonna need everybody in the receiving corps, everybody. Believe it or not. We're gonna need everybody. It's really just be ready."
Wyatt Teller
ON THE DAILY LIFE OF "THE FOOL'S HAMMER":
"We literally just keep it here. During the game we run out with it and that's basically the most play it gets. For the most part it's just in the locker room."
ON STEPPING UP AS A LEADER WITHOUT MICHAEL BREWER:
"Brewer's a great player and he was a great leader. So now having a great leader just being on the sidelines and you don't get to talk to him every other minute, you gotta pick up your leadership and everything like that. You've gotta be a leader not only to other people but to yourself."
Image caption Johan Vande Lanotte was appointed by the king
The mediator entrusted with ending the crisis that has left Belgium without a government for nearly seven months has tendered his resignation.
Johan Vande Lanotte, appointed by King Albert II, said he could make no further headway a day after two out of seven parties rejected his plan.
"You can lead a horse to water but you can't make it drink," he said.
The king has yet to accept his resignation and is due to see him again on Monday.
A caretaker government has been running Belgium since the election.
Belgium has been under pressure to reach a deal because sovereign debt is close to 100% of gross domestic product.
The plan proposed by Mr Vande Lanotte would see a further decentralisation of power to Belgium's regions, split between the Dutch-speaking Flemish population and French-speaking Walloons.
'Utopia'
The Flemish population has been seeking more control over tax policy while Walloons want greater protection and more money for the region around the capital, Brussels.
The Flemish Christian Democrats said earlier that essential items of the plan would have to be adjusted.
The New Flemish Alliance, which made the break-up of Belgium a central manifesto pledge at the election, said it had "fundamental remarks" to make about the proposal before continuing negotiations.
But the leader of a third Flemish party accused both parties of seeking "Utopia".
"I think the parties who don't see the note [plan] as a basis for negotiations will have to run for election in a country called Utopia next time," Bruno Tuybens of the Flemish Social Democrats said on Flemish TV.
"Those who pull the plug now will have to take the responsibility."
Mr Vande Lanotte, who is also a Flemish Social Democrat, said the parties would have to agree eventually.
"One day the politicians will have to take that step in the interests of the prosperity of our country," he told reporters.
While Belgian media were already speculating about a new choice of mediator, some analysts argued that fresh elections were a distinct possibility.
"If nothing else is possible, you have to vote in a democracy," Professor Carl Devos at Ghent University told Reuters news agency.
"It is not a structural solution to the problem but sometimes things improve afterwards."
The aforementioned parties are successful because they are music-driven gatherings that support local talent and where attendees are treated with respect. But what further separates Brooklyn's after-hours parties from those of other cities are the passionate people who strategically and painstakingly curate these affairs.
One such curator is Mehmet Erkaya, a pioneer of the scene who helped start Blkmarket 10 years ago and now runs Bushwick A/V (as well as Brooklyn bar TBA, where Mixmag hosts The Lab NYC).
In a Williamsburg bar, Erkaya — who is single-handedly responsible for bringing the likes of Cassy and Jamie Jones to New York for the first time — revealed the components that go into throwing a successful after-hours.
“Throwing parties is not rocket science,” he says. “You need a good space, you need a good soundsystem, you need good DJs, you need good staff, you need good drinks, you need ice and you need water. If there is no heat, we rented heaters.
“If the space is really hot, we rented portable ACs,” Erkaya continues. “If it's going to rain, we rented huge tents. If there are four bathrooms, we said ‘OK let's get 10 bathrooms.' We gave people comfort. I got good bartenders. I got guys to clean up the place during the night because if you go to other warehouse parties, you can't even walk around because there are cans and glasses everywhere.”
For more than 17 years, Erkaya has witnessed Brooklyn's after-hours scene grow from when there were only a handful of events listed online, to now, when weekends resemble “music festivals” with dozens of parties.
At 4am, when people are at their most vulnerable, comfort is a necessity, and Erkaya asserts that his parties are successful because he provides his patrons with an unrestricted environment where anything goes. DJs can, according to Erkaya, explore opening the minds of partygoers, who are more flexible and pliable from being out all night.
“For me it's a lot about freedom,” says Erkaya. “We want to be able to dance. There has to be some space and there has to be some freedom. At clubs there is too much security: ‘Don't do this, don't do that, don't smoke a cigarette.' We wanted freedom so we basically gave our crowd freedom to dance and freedom to be who they are."
“It was never about making money,” he continued. “Money eventually came but it came after years. But the nature of seeing people smiling, they're coming to us and saying these are some of the best nights they've ever had. I've never been to Berlin, but people come up to me and say, ‘Thanks for creating Berlin here.'”
Everything that has gone wrong with conservation is exemplified by this decision: the cowardice, the grovelling, the blandishments, the falsehoods. The way conservation groups rolled over is shameful, but also familiar. They did nothing to prevent the Lake District, England's largest and most spectacular national park, from being officially designated a Beatrix Potter-themed sheep museum.
Lake District is UK's first national park to win world heritage status Read more
On Sunday, the UN agency Unesco granted the Lake District world heritage status. This, according to the report on which the decision was based, will correct an “imbalance” between “natural values” and “the cultural values of farming practices”.
The entire high fells have been reduced by sheep to a treeless waste of cropped turf whose monotony is relieved only by erosion gullies, exposed soil and bare rock. Almost all the bird, mammal and insect species you might expect to find in a national park are suppressed or absent, and 75% of wildlife sites are in an unfavourable condition. So you could be forgiven for thinking that the balance should be tilted back towards nature. Oh no: apparently it's “the cultural values and benefits of the farming activities” that have been neglected.
Given that sheep-worship is the official religion in the Lake District, and that sheep exist here only because of lashings of public money (hill farming is sustained entirely through subsidies), it's not easy to see what more can be done. But world heritage status will make attempts to defend our natural heritage much harder. It will be used to block efforts to reduce grazing pressure, protect the soil and bring back trees.
The Lake District's new designation is based on a fairytale with great cultural power. For 3,000 years this story has presented sheep farming as the seat of innocence and purity; an Arcadian refuge from the corruption of the city, an idyll in perfect harmony with the natural world.
The reality couldn't be more different. Sheep farming is now characterised by land consolidation, subsidy harvesting, ranching on a scale that looks more like Argentina than anything Wordsworth would have recognised, quad bikes, steel barns and absentee ownership. But the myths persist, and they blind us to some brutal realities.
Sheep, by nibbling out tree seedlings and other edible species, are a fully automated system for ecological destruction. They cleanse the land of almost all wildlife. In the UK they occupy some 4m hectares of our uplands. Compare this to the built environment (houses, factories, offices, roads, railways, airports, even parks and gardens) that covers 1.7m hectares. Yet this vast area, which is roughly equivalent to all our arable land, produces around 1.2% of our food (probably a good deal less, as the figure includes lamb from lowland farms). Our infertile uplands, including most of our national parks, would be better used to protect and restore the wonders of the living world. If we are to spend £3bn a year of public money, it should be deployed for ecological restoration rather than destruction. But the cultural power of this industry is so great that hardly anyone dares challenge it.
The Lake District as a world heritage site? What a disaster that would be | George Monbiot Read more
In trying to contest the bid for world heritage status, I found myself almost alone: only a handful of independent ecologists spoke out. Privately, major conservation groups might have expressed misgivings, but in public they not only failed to oppose this attack on everything they claim to defend: they actually put their names to it. The National Trust, the RSPB, the Lake District national park authority and Cumbria Wildlife Trust are members of the partnership that petitioned for world heritage status. These turkeys not only voted for Christmas; they canvassed for it.
It's not hard to see why. There's a tangible atmosphere of fear in the Lake District: any environmental group that speaks out knows it will be Thorneythwaited. In other words, it will be treated as the National Trust was when it bought a farm at Thorneythwaite, in Borrowdale, without the farmhouse. This seeded the suspicion (sadly baseless) that it intended to remove the sheep.
If there was a fault, it surely lay with the seller, who had split the house from the land, rather than the buyer. But the national media, taking its cue from the sheep farmers it fetishises, subscribed to this concocted controversy and lambasted the National Trust. Its chastisement stands as a ghastly warning to anyone who questions the holy cult. But appeasement only empowers your opponents. What makes the collaboration of these groups so grisly is that the British conservation movement began in the Lake District. It is here that the circle has been closed, with the comprehensive betrayal of its own legacy.
The Lake District partnership commissioned its economic evaluation from a company called Rebanks Consulting. It is owned and run by James Rebanks, a Lake District sheep farmer. He was paid £30,000, in effect, to promote his own industry's interests. The bid was riddled with errors and omissions: the claim that the park is in “good physical condition”, that the relationship between sheep and wildlife is “harmonious”, that farming there is “wholly authentic in terms of … its traditions, techniques and management systems”. Leaving the European Union – on which, through subsidies, sheep farming is wholly reliant – wasn't mentioned.
These fables passed unchallenged into Unesco's own report. Some were even compounded: Unesco's consultants claimed that while overgrazing damaged wildlife “in the past”, it has now been “corrected”. It doesn't say how, because no such thing has occurred. Even the bid documents acknowledged that sheep numbers in the Lake District have risen by 9% in four years, leading to “issues such as overgrazing”.
I tried to warn Unesco, but everyone I wrote to pass the buck to someone else (on my website I detail the comical ways in which I was fobbed off). I discovered that accountability, transparency and public engagement are alien concepts: Unesco is a black box. Without the support of NGOs, my efforts were bound to fail. Groups such as the National Trust, the RSPB and the Wildlife Trusts publish pungent reports documenting the rapid loss of wildlife and ecosystems, but they have failed to mobilise their vast memberships in defence of the living world. On the contrary, they bamboozle their members through their display boards and pamphlets, describing devastated landscapes as “wild” and “unspoilt”, and even celebrating cutting, burning and grazing, which are the major causes of environmental destruction.
The culture of deference in the countryside afflicts almost everyone. Those who own and farm the land are treated as heroes, while anyone who challenges them is denounced as an “extremist”: this is what Eric Robson, who presents Gardeners' Question Time on Radio 4, called me on Monday, for raising objections. Our national parks are wiped clean, our natural heritage erased for the sake of an ersatz farm fantasy. And there is nowhere to turn.
Image copyright FX Image caption FX describe the story as 'dangerous, brilliant and emotional'
A 10-part medieval drama series is to be filmed in south Wales after being commissioned by US cable network FX.
A pilot of The Bastard Executioner was filmed at Pinewood studios near Cardiff but the full production is set to be shot at Dragon studios near Pencoed.
This is because the remake of cult film The Crow starts at Pinewood in July.
The series stars Lee Jones as a 14th Century knight turned executioner during the reign of Edward III.
It is set against a background of Welsh rebellion.
The cast will include a guest appearance by Matthew Rhys.
Series creator Kurt Sutter - also behind the series Sons of Anarchy - said: "I love history. I love theology. I love blood. It's been very satisfying weaving fact and fiction to create a new mythology that combines all these elements."
A mock-up of a castle has been built at Dragon at Llanilid in Rhondda Cynon Taff, in readiness for production starting.
The studios, once nicknamed Valleywood, were behind the 2011 medieval adventure film Ironclad. It has also been used as a facility for Doctor Who.
Xavier (Kayla) Moore died because of “acute combined drug intoxication,” according to the Alameda County Coroner's report released today. The coroner ruled the death accidental. The 41-year-old Moore stopped breathing while being taken into police custody on Feb. 12 at the Gaia Building on Allston Way. Moore was pronounced dead at 1:34 a.m. on Feb. 13 at Alta Bates Hospital.
Since Moore's death, there have been protests about the role of the police, culminating in a heated public comment session at Tuesday night's City Council meeting.
The autopsy of Moore revealed 0.74 mg/L of methamphetamine and 0.34 mg/L of codeine in a blood sample, levels the coroner described as “toxic.” Additionally, the coroner identified cardiomegaly (enlarged heart) and morbid obesity. Moore weighed 347 pounds.
Berkeley Police Department also released today its 348-page investigation into Moore's death. The core of the report, written by Sgt. Peter Hong from the homicide squad, concludes that Moore was in violation of California Penal Code 69, resisting arrest, and that the physical force used by the police to overcome Moore's resistance and to effect Moore's arrest was reasonable. It also concluded “the involved officers had the authority and probable cause to take Xavier Moore into custody for the outstanding warrant and for a WI 5150 evaluation.” The police received a 911 call about a disturbance on the fifth floor of the Gaia building just before midnight on Feb. 12. Berkeleyside will have in-depth coverage of the police report on Monday.
Elysse Paige-Moore, Moore's mother, had not seen either the coroner's report or the BPD report this evening, although she had been given the top-line results from the coroner's report.
“It's premature to make any comments as I have not seen the full report,” she said. “I want to look at the coroner's report. I want to know the condition of my son's body.”
Paige-Moore criticized the way police handled the incident.
“The way to handle a mentally ill person is not typically to use a taser or to use force,” she said. “This is clearly not what happened. We are working with CopWatch to pursue the investigation and make sure change is implemented in Berkeley.”
The rallying cry of opposing team's supporters, “boring, boring Chelsea,” has become commonplace and the only defense of falling behind to Chelsea. The defensive, conservative approach of Chelsea has been ridiculed by other club's supporters, players, managers, and the media. With the Blues getting ready for a parade in SW6 after hoisting the Premier League trophy, is Chelsea really doing anything wrong? I find it hard to understand why there is so much hate toward the Chelsea FC style of play?
Chelsea FC have cemented themselves in first place in the table since Matchday 1. The Blues have won plenty of trophies over the past several years, and that does not look to be changing any time soon.
Following the Manchester United loss to Chelsea at the weekend, Louis Van Gaal complained in his post-match remarks, “It's an unbelievable result. That is a pity when you play so well”. I don't care if you had 70% of possession and played “so well,” all of that goes out the window when you can't put the ball in the back of the net. Therefore, in my humble opinion you can't play “well” when you lose a match.
Courtesy of Flickr user InMouWeTrust
The United manager went on to say, “In the first half we created three chances and Chelsea zero.” This is the mark of a sore loser. Either that, or he forgot the brilliant first-half link-up between Cesc Fabregas and Oscar, resulting in a beautifully timed pass to Eden Hazard to nutmeg David De Gea for what turned out to be Chelsea's match winner.
According to the Daily Mail, Jose Mourinho went on to say about United taking the bulk of possession, “They could have had 99.” “When you decide to play the game strategically, you don't care about stats, you just care about the points.” This quote from the Special One is dead on. Use the tactics that suit your starting 11, play to their strengths, and win the match.
Chelsea may not have a “beautiful” style of football to match the tiki-taka of Bayern Munich, or the likes of a Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale, and James Rodriguez attack, but they are in the thick of the Champions League most seasons as well as every other competition they play. It seems almost pathetic when the team's on the wrong end of the score-line against Chelsea look to disparage Mourinho's tactics at every turn.
If Arsene Wenger, Louis Van Gaal, among others, have such an issue with a counter-attacking style of football, perhaps they should learn to pick it apart, and defeat the tactics that will make Chelsea Champions of England, rather than complain in post-match pressers. I do have to recognize Van Gaal for this comment in his press conference, “We were the dominant team on the pitch, but we lost. In football, the result is everything.”
The result truly is all that matters. Chelsea took 3 points, and have one hand on the Premier League trophy which is surely to be brandished with blue ribbons at the close of the season.
A verbal altercation led to the shooting of a woman outside a liquor store in San Diego's El Cajon area Thursday, deputies from the San Diego County Sheriff's Department confirmed.
Officials said shots were fired just before 5 p.m. at East Bradley Avenue and Graves Avenue in Unincorporated El Cajon.
According to deputies, a man in his late teens or early 20s was arguing with other men in the parking lot, when an SUV pulled up at the same time. The man fired five to six rounds, hitting a woman in the passenger seat of the SUV, and then ran from the scene.
Neighbor Penny Clack heard the shooting.
"I heard what I thought was six gunshots, and then I heard tires screeching away," Clack said.
Deputies said another woman was behind the wheel of the SUV – which was also occupied by three children – and she began driving away with her injured passenger.
When she spotted emergency crews heading their way, she pulled over. Medics from Lakeside Fire tended to the passenger and transported her to Sharp Memorial Hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
Officials said one of the children was also cut by a small piece of shattered glass. No one at the liquor store was injured.
As of 11 p.m., the shooting suspect was still at large. Sheriff's officials said they did detain one person, but he turned out not to be the suspect.
Officials said the shooting victim was in her early 20s, but have not released her name.
Curious and worried neighbors waited outside for hours during the investigation.
"I live with my 6-year-old grandson and I mean, we're out here all the time," Clack said. "It's unnerving right now."
Anyone with information is asked to call the Sheriff's Department at 858-565-5200 or Crime Stoppers at 888-580-8477.
California is currently in the midst of a rapidly expanding measles outbreak that began with visitors to Disneyland (not so magical anymore, eh?) and has since spread to the broader community, sickening 51 people so far. Officials have said a lot of the cases emerged because the kids were unvaccinated, and in San Diego alone, nine of the 10 kids who became sick hadn't gotten a measles vaccine. It's not hard to see why this happened when you consider that the number of parents opting out of vaccinating their kids has more than doubled since 2007.
The consequences of neglecting a vaccination schedule have appeared time and again. In 2010, for example, the worst pertussis (whooping cough) outbreak in 60 years hit over 9,000 people and killed 10 infants — the majority of those hospitalized were infants under 3 months old who hadn't yet been vaccinated. But many parents continue to opt out due to fear of side effects from chemicals in the vaccine or the belief that a child's immune system can't handle the deactivated virus, among other myths they continue to believe are true. The truth is vaccines are generally safe. They haven't been proven to cause autism, they won't give you the flu, and none of this is a conspiracy.
In fact, skipping out on a vaccine not only puts that child at risk of developing a disease but also kids and adults around him, including his parents. Amy Parker, who wasn't vaccinated as a child, wrote in an article for Slate that she's seen “more people who have experienced complications from preventable childhood illnesses than I have ever met with complications from vaccines.” These complications included deafness from measles, vision loss from rubella, pneumonia from chickenpox, and death from meningitis.
Moreover, communities with lower rates of vaccinations tend to be clustered together, making them susceptible to outbreaks of these diseases. When that happens, even those who were vaccinated can't stop the disease from spreading because there needs to be a certain number of people vaccinated — a concept called “herd immunity.” For communities with an outbreak of pertussis or measles, 92 percent of kids must be immunized to stop the disease.
Knowing all this, how do we convince a group of parents resolved to avoid vaccines that they're safe?
Julien Harneis, CC BY-SA 2.0
The Impenetrable Wall Anti-Vaxxers Built
Firstly, it's important to note that the vast majority of American parents vaccinate their kids. Upwards of 95 percent of parents keep a schedule of vaccinations. Of the remaining five percent or so who don't vaccinate their kids, less than one percent actively works against vaccines. This small group, known as anti-vaxxers, has been especially loud.
In a 2004 paper titled “Vanishing Vaccinations: Why Are So Many Americans Opting Out of Vaccinating Their Children?” law Professor Steve Calandrillo wrote, “Vaccines are becoming a victim of their success — many individuals have never witnessed the debilitating diseases that vaccines protect against, allowing complacency toward immunization requirements to build.” On autism, he notes that “the Internet worsens fears regarding vaccination safety, as at least a dozen websites publish alarming information about the risks of vaccines.”
Some parents eat this false information up without looking back. Others believe a healthy diet, including non-GMO food and lots of vitamins and minerals, as well as exercise will keep their kids disease free — this was the case for Parker when she was growing up. Under these assumptions, these parents then sign away personal and religious exemption forms, eliminating the requirement for their kids to be vaccinated when beginning kindergarten.
Convincing these parents isn't as easy as showing them information on the safety of vaccines; a study from last year showed us that. Published in the journal Pediatrics, researchers from Dartmouth College surveyed 1,759 parents with at least one child on their beliefs regarding vaccines. Then, in a follow-up survey, they showed the parents one of four messages about vaccine effectiveness and the importance of the MMR vaccine for measles, mumps, and rubella. One of the messages was about the autism myth, with multiple links to studies disproving it. Another one listed the many complications that can arise from the diseases, while a third one was a true story about a 10-month-old boy who contracted the disease while inside his pediatrician's office. The last one showed the parents images of children who had contracted the preventable diseases.
These messages, specifically the ones that listed complications and showed images, ended up having a “backfire” effect, reinforcing parents' beliefs in avoiding vaccines. After seeing these messages, the number of parents who said getting an MMR vaccine led to serious side effects rose from 7.7 percent to 13.8 percent. Looking at the images also increased parents' beliefs that vaccines caused autism. When it came to the autism message, some parents were actually convinced vaccines didn't cause autism; however, the number of parents who said they wouldn't get their child vaccinated still increased.
Speaking about the messages they used, researcher Brendan Nyhan told Mother Jones other messages should to be tested, too. “I don't think our results imply that they shouldn't communicate why vaccines are a good idea,” he said. “But they do suggest that we should be more careful to test the messages that we use, and to question the intuition that countering misinformation is likely to be the most effective strategy.”
If Hard Facts Won't Convince Them, What Will?
It actually makes complete sense that research won't convince anti-vaxxers. After all, fighting fire with fire never works; it only ignites more fire. How? In his book The Political Brain, psychologist Drew Westen wrote about a study in which his team gathered supporters of both 2004 presidential candidates George W. Bush and John Kerry, and showed them video footage of their preferred candidate contradicting themselves. The scientists performed MRI scans on their brains while they watched these videos, which showed that as soon as they realized the videos challenged their worldviews, the areas of their brains responsible for reasoning and logic went dormant, Time reported. At the same time, the areas of their brain responsible for a fight-or-flight response activated.
This innate reaction is the reason we need to look at our approach in a different way. For that we can look to studies on homophobia and abortion.
Michael LaCour, a doctoral candidate at the University of California, Los Angeles, and his team trained lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transexual people to canvass voters in strongly homophobic neighborhoods. They spoke about gay marriage for about 20 minutes, listening to the stories of the voters and telling their own. LaCour's team found that LGBT canvassers were far more successful at changing voters' minds about gay marriage than heterosexual canvassers. Their conversations were so strong, in fact, that voters' still supported same-sex marriage nine months later, and their beliefs had even spilled over to members of the household. Interested in how their experiment could apply to other issues, they sent women out to speak about their abortions to pro-lifers. Again, they were able to change people's minds.
It's possible that this method, or a form of it, could work for anti-vaxxers as well. Voices for Vaccines, a parent-driven organization that supports immunization has already started down this path. “We work hard at Voices for Vaccines to get the 90 percent of parents who vaccinate to speak up, because evidence shows that parents can sway the opinions of other parents about vaccines before a provider ever has a chance to bring up immunization in a well-child check-up,” Karen Ernst, the organization's director, told Medical Daily in an email.
ChameleonsEye / Shutterstock.com
Ernst pointed to a study published last year that found 95 percent of parents consulted with people they knew before deciding whether to vaccinate their kids. More importantly, the results showed that parents whose social networks supported vaccines — 87 percent of the people in their network were in favor of vaccines — were more likely to get their children vaccinated. On the opposite side of that, parents whose social networks said to ignore CDC guidelines — 72 percent of the people in their network said this — were more likely to skip vaccinations. In other words, we may be able to influence anti-vaxxers by influencing the people that influence them.
This level of communication can also be applied to the community, Ernst says. “Vaccinating needs to be seen as a shared community value. Communities value litter-free neighborhoods and do not shy away from promoting this value. Communities also need to come together to say that vaccinating children is important. Parents should be proud that they have protected their children against preventable disease and should let others know that they are doing their part to keep outbreaks out of their communities.”
To Ernst, the effects of parent-to-parent and community communication are clear. She says anti-vaxxers who changed their minds tell stories, “almost universally,” about how someone they knew took the time to convince them they should vaccinate their children.
Tighter Requirements
Unfortunately, parent-to-parent communication is only one piece to the puzzle. States need to implement tighter requirements for kids entering kindergarten. In California, the law requires kindergartners to be vaccinated against measles, mumps, rubella, polio, pertussis, hepatitis B, chickenpox, diphtheria, and tetanus. Yet, it's easy to get a non-medical exemption based on religious and personal beliefs — in some parts of northern California, as many as 20 percent of kindergarteners had personal belief exemptions for vaccines in 2013.
Those exemptions are easy to get in other parts of the country as well. Some states only require checking a box and signing the form, while other, more strict states, require a doctor's note. Only 18 states require a notarized doctor's note and letter of explanation — a lengthier process that may deter some parents. It's important for states to implement tighter regulations. In a 2012 study, researchers at Emory University found that states with easier requirements had exemption rates 2.3 times higher than in states with the strictest requirements.
It's possible that by combining both community and tighter requirements, we can sway the parents who aren't necessarily anti-vaxxers, but haven't yet vaccinated their kids, to get their kids to a doctor's office. By doing this, we will not only save communities from terrible outbreaks but also spare children the pain and suffering that comes with childhood diseases.
“If you've never had these illnesses, you don't know how awful they are. I do,” Parker wrote. “Pain, discomfort, the inability to breathe or to eat, or to swallow, fever and nightmares, itching all over your body so much that you can't stand lying on bedsheets, losing so much weight you can't walk properly, diarrhea that leaves you lying prostrate on the bathroom floor, the unpaid time off work for parents, the quarantine, missing school, missing parties, the worry, the sleepless nights, the sweat, the tears, the blood, the midnight visits to the emergency room, the time sitting in a doctor's waiting room on your own because no one will sit near you because they're rightfully scared of those spots all over your face.”
On my honor, I will never betray my badge, my integrity, my character, or the public trust. I will always have the courage to hold myself and others accountable for our actions. I will always uphold the constitution, my community, and the agency I serve… … I will enforce the law courteously and appropriately without fear or favor, malice or ill will, never employing unnecessary force or violence…
Police officers are professionals. Professionals who take a sworn oath to uphold the law and to protect us all. While the President's support for law enforcement is appreciated by many who have and continue to serve our communities, we cannot support any commentary – in sincerity or jest – that undermines the trust that our communities place in us to protect and serve. That is what separates us from evil as we follow the rule of law. The Law Enforcement Oath of Honor, and the Law Enforcement Code of Ethics – that thousands have solemnly taken and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for – contain statements worthy of reminder:
Chief Jim Bueermann (Ret.)
President
Major soft drink-makers and Health Canada say the use of brominated vegetable oil in Canadian beverages is safe, despite a growing movement elsewhere to ban its use.
The additive, which is used to cloud and stop separation in some drinks, has been banned in most of Europe for decades and Japan recently discontinued its use. However, BVO continues to be used in popular drinks sold in Canada, including some flavours of Gatorade, Powerade, Fresca, Mountain Dew and Amp Energy Drink.
In the U.S., the Food and Drug Administration's approval of the additive has come under scrutiny this month after Mississippi teenager Sarah Kavanagh started a petition demanding that PepsiCo stop using the ingredient in Gatorade.
She wrote on change.org, a petition-hosting website, that she was prompted to take up the cause after Googling the ingredient found on her Gatorade label and discovering that it was banned in many countries but not her own.
“(I)t's not necessary. . . there is enough information out there that entire countries have banned this chemical product,” Kavanagh wrote on her petition, which has more than 198,000 online supporters so far, including Canadians.
After consuming several drinks daily containing BVO, some people have reported symptoms including loss of muscle coordination, memory loss, headache and fatigue, according to a study published this summer by the University of Hohenheim, Stuttgart, Germany.
BVO is classified as a food additive, but there is limited knowledge of its composition, the researchers found. It does contain bromine, which is also in flame retardants and has been found to build up in body lipids.
Health Canada spokesman Sean Upton said there are no health risks associated with BVO when the density-adjusting agent is used according to regulations, which sets out that 15 parts per million can be used in citrus or spruce-flavoured beverages as consumed.
“Health Canada is not currently reconsidering the approval of brominated vegetable oil,” Upton said in an email. “However, Health Canada continually monitors the scientific literature to identify new results of studies relevant to the safety of food additives.”
If a risk is evaluated for an additive, the department will take action appropriate for the level of risk, Upton said.
BVO was used in Canada prior to the creation of Health Canada's additive table in 1964. It was formally added to the table with its current restrictions in the late 1960s or 1970s, Upton said.
The soft drink ingredient was first used in 1931 and is derived from soybean oil to stabilize flavour oils, according to Pepsi's website.
Dave DeCecco, PepsiCo North America's vice president of communications, said all of the company's products are safe and ingredients are constantly evaluated to make sure they meet regulations.
In Canada, Pepsi products that include BVO include Gatorade Perform Orange Thirst Quencher, Mountain Dew and Amp Energy Drink.
“We follow the regulatory guidelines in every country in which we operate,” DeCecco said. “Health Canada confirms that BVO is safe. If that were to change, we would absolutely comply with any new regulation.”
Coca-Cola Refreshments Canada also uses the ingredient in beverages including Fresca and some Powerade flavours.
“The safety and quality of our products are our highest priorities,” said director of brand communications Shannon C. Denny in an email, “and we comply with all applicable regulations everywhere we operate.”
More health news
John Kasich speaks at a rally in Youngstown, OH. Thomson Reuters
WASHINGTON, Sept 16 (Reuters) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Friday engaged Ohio Governor John Kasich, a high-profile political foe, to help press Republicans to approve the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal before he leaves office in four months.
Obama was set to discuss strategy for the TPP in the Oval Office with Kasich, who fell short in his bid to be the Republican presidential candidate in the Nov. 8 election, and arranged for him to speak with reporters afterward from the White House briefing room lectern.
The unusual move is a sign of how the White House intends to make a final full-court push to convince Republican leaders in the U.S. Congress to approve the deal in a "lame duck" session after the election, where the TPP has been pilloried by both Republican and Democratic candidates.
"I welcome the fact that people will criticize me for putting my country ahead of my party," Kasich told CNN ahead of the meeting.
"The two most vociferous opponents of the trade agreement are (Russian President) Vladimir Putin and (Chinese President) Xi (Jinping), one of the most repressive leaders in the history of China," he said. "That in and of itself can tell you why this agreement is so important."
Republicans traditionally have backed free trade deals, but their presidential candidate, Donald Trump, has blamed them for U.S. job losses and threatened to tear them up should he win.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has said the deal would not get a Senate vote this year, and House Speaker Paul Ryan has said he does not see enough votes for it to pass.
Hillary Clinton opposed the deal. AP Photo/Andrew Harnik
Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton has also opposed the deal, which is unpopular with labor unions and environmental groups.
Obama has said he hopes opposition cools after the election. The White House has pointed to opinion polls showing most Americans support trade as a sign that the TPP could still squeak through Congress.
On his final trip to Asia earlier this month, Obama spent time reassuring nervous partners that the United States would finalize the deal. But on Friday, Vietnam's parliament indicated it would not ratify the deal quickly.
Failure to pass the TPP would prompt Southeast Asian countries to turn to China and Russia, Kasich said in an opinion piece in the Wall Street Journal on Friday.
The White House also invited other business and political leaders to join the Oval Office meeting, including former Republican Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson, International Business Machines Corp Chief Executive Officer Virginia Rometty and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
Every once in a while, Microsoft updates its vision for the future with an impressive look at a world beyond beige PCs on every desk. I've seen many over the years, and I study them obsessively for any hints at what the company might be planning in real life. So when I sat at Microsoft's Surface Studio unveiling in New York last week, everything felt a little familiar, but I couldn't work out why at first.
I've written many times that Microsoft is obsessed with giant screens, and methods of turning them into a productive environment. Microsoft's future vision back in 2011, the same year The Verge launched, was a conservative look at how desktop PCs and mobile devices would change, but things started to get a little more interesting a couple of years later. Microsoft introduced the concept of giant screens in its 2013 future video, a year after teasing them during a Windows 8 demo event. The screens were huge with interactive surfaces designed for multiple people to collaborate and use. While the really floor-to-ceiling screens aren't in every office yet, Microsoft unveiled its 84-inch Surface Hub last year with many of the same concepts shown in its 2013 future vision.
A giant touchscreen dream
That giant touchscreen dream didn't end in 2013, though. Last year's vision of the future video was the most spectacular yet, and in hindsight it's easy to see why. In it, Microsoft opens in a world that looks very much like a HoloLens projection, before moving onto tablets with no bezels and giant displays. Microsoft is only just starting to deliver on its HoloLens vision, but the company left some interesting Surface hints hidden in plain sight.
Less than two minutes into Microsoft's productivity future vision video, a Surface Dial appears. It's a small metallic puck that's sitting next to a tablet, providing additional input. In Microsoft's vision you can use it to interact with the Surface Pen, similar in concept to how it's used to compliment the Surface Studio. There's even radial menus on the tablet's screen, just like the ones the Surface Studio uses.
A wild Surface Dial appears
That's not the only part of Microsoft's vision that it's eerily delivering on. If you progress to around four minutes into the video, there's a giant floating screen that's resting at the same Surface Studio 20-degree angle for a comfortable drawing mode. Microsoft's vision here is touch and stylus input on a big display for both productivity and creativity, something that it's trying to deliver with the Surface Studio.
Other parts of Microsoft's vision are peppered with translucent displays for touch interactions, the types we're only just starting to see emerge in the marketplace. I got to test an LG fridge recently that's powered by Windows 10 and includes an impressive translucent display. It might not seem particularly noteworthy yet, but transforming what looks like ordinary glass to be interactive and touchable will transform industrial design in the years to come.
It's easy to mock a lot of Microsoft's future vision, especially when the splashy marketing results look far too futuristic. "Seems like we've been predicting gigantic touchscreens for about 20 years," wrote one commenter last year, dismissing Microsoft's latest video of the future. Fox News' giant touchscreen displays looked bizarre at first, but now Microsoft is trying to sell us on a desktop PC that folds into a machine that forgets about the traditional mouse and keyboard.
Microsoft is determined not to miss out on its vision of the future
Microsoft's vision of the future might not even work in reality, or some of its concepts could be flawed, but it's still impressive to see a company delivering on what it truly believes is the future of computing. Microsoft missed mobile in a big way, but it's clearly determined not to miss out on its vision of the future.
Donald Trump is speaking to the fears of some white Americans who see their way of life going by the wayside. Andrew Harnik/AP
Whether we like it or not, systemic racism and white preference will be at the heart of the 2016 presidential election. Not surprisingly, Democrats see the issue one way; Republicans see it in another light.
GOP leader Donald Trump, for instance, has galvanized the disaffected white vote in early primary states, forcing his closest competitors to match his political rhetoric on issues such as immigration reform.
Hillary Clinton, hoping to rally non-white voters to her side before the South Carolina primary, took a different approach in a Harlem neighborhood in New York City earlier this week. Clinton talked about systemic racism, and asked white Americans to “practice humility” and recognize white preference that social scientists have long documented in American culture.
"White Americans need to do a better job of listening when African-Americans talk about the seen and unseen barriers that you face every day," she said at the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture on Monday. "We need to recognize our privilege and practice humility, rather than assume that our experiences are everyone's experiences."
Clinton used her Harlem speech to promote a new $2 billion plan that would create teams of social workers, educators and behavioral health specialists in schools where there are abnormally high rates of arrests on school grounds.
Some sort of intervention is obviously needed in these schools. Whether in-school educational and social science teams can help, though, is debatable. Still, Clinton's goal in the program – to create a pipeline where children from these troubled schools have a chance to make it through to college – is perhaps the most important thing we can focus on in America right now. Education is the great equalizer.
"This is not just an education issue," Clinton said. "This is a civil rights issue, and we cannot ignore it any longer. The bottom line is this: We need to be sending our kids to college. We need a cradle-to-college pipeline, not sending them into court and into prison."
But the bigger issue at the heart of what Clinton was speaking to – and what is driving potentially tens of millions of white GOP primary voters into the arms of reality TV star and billionaire Donald Trump – is something that many white Americans live every day but likely don't understand.
It's called “white fragility.”
Social scientists have only recently begun to sort through this concept. In short, it's the belief among white Americans that they are under siege in a country where white preference is eroding and where long-established social norms are changing dramatically. And they're terrified of that change.
“White fragility is a state in which even a minimum amount of racial stress becomes intolerable, triggering a range of defensive moves,” social scientist Robin DiAngelo wrote in a 2011 study in the International Journal of Critical Pedagogy. DiAngelo said these actions could include outward displays of emotions such as anger, fear, and guilt. It could also mean silence. And all these behaviors function to reinstate white racial equilibrium.
In her study on “white fragility,” DiAngelo (who is white) described an illustrative, extraordinary encounter that she moderated with a black colleague in a setting where all of the participants (other than the co-moderator) were white.
“I am a white woman. I am standing beside a black woman,” DiAngelo wrote. “We are facing a group of white people who are seated in front of us. We are in their workplace, and have been hired by their employer to lead them in a dialogue about race. The room is filled with tension and charged with hostility. I have just presented a definition of racism that includes the acknowledgment that whites hold social and institutional power over people of color. A white man is pounding his fist on the table. His face is red and he is furious. As he pounds he yells, ‘White people have been discriminated against for 25 years! A white person can't get a job anymore!' I look around the room and see 40 employed people, all white.”
DiAngelo then describes the palpable, deep-seated anger – the “white fragility” - that permeates the beliefs of this group.
“There are no people of color in this workplace. Something is happening here, and it isn't based in the racial reality of the workplace. Why is this white man so angry? Why is he being so careless about the impact of his anger? Why are all the other white people either sitting in silent agreement with him or tuning out? We have, after all, only articulated a definition of racism.”
What DiAngelo witnessed was the public display of “white fragility” that is now at the core of a vitriolic, corrosive political discourse in the 2016 presidential election. Both national political parties are playing off this “white fragility,” for vastly different reasons and possible outcomes.
While the concept of “white privilege” – the notion that white Americans are the lucky recipients of favor in life by virtue of the color of their skin, and that this fact is embedded in all aspects of modern American life – has been studied by social scientists for decades.
“Whiteness is dynamic, relational, and operating at all times and on myriad levels,” DiAngelo wrote. “These processes and practices include basic rights, values, beliefs, perspectives and experiences purported to be commonly shared by all but which are actually only consistently afforded to white people.”
But this much newer concept of “white fragility” – that tens of millions of white Americans are threatened by a social upheaval of such privilege - is quite new. It is clearly unsettling.
When that basic premise of privilege for white people in America is challenged – as it is now on many fronts and as the demographics change in the country – it causes social, personal upheaval. It causes “white fragility” – and translates into the political voices on display in the 2016 presidential primaries.
So what can we do about this? Perhaps most importantly, we should talk about it publicly.
“Talking directly about white power and privilege” is what matters in a rapidly changing American society, DiAngelo wrote. “White Fragility doesn't always manifest in overt ways; silence and withdrawal are also functions of fragility. Who speaks, who doesn't speak…are all keys to understanding.”
Paris officials are investigating claims that the Louvre, the world's most-visited museum, discriminated against a group of Jewish art students looking to arrange a tour during a visit from Israel. Jean-Francois Carenco, governor of the Ile-de-France region, which includes Paris and its environs, has asked the prosecutor's office to look into the accusation made by the group of Tel Aviv University students, France's Liberation newspaper reported.
The 12 students had hoped to visit the Louvre at the end of the month, but were turned down. Sefy Hendler, who teaches in the university's art history department and was finalizing the itinerary for the trip, said he contacted the administration of the Louvre and of Sainte-Chapelle, a medieval Gothic chapel, to schedule group visits. But both institutions declined his request. “It surprised me that a place that receives 9 million visitors a year didn't find room for us,” Hendler told the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, referring to the Louvre, “even though we asked to tour in the middle of the week.”
Hendler said he also tried to arrange visits on the same dates and times using the names of fictional educational institutions in Italy and Abu Dhabi. Those requests were granted, he said.
“It's clear to me that when you say no to Israelis, it's a discriminatory and racist act. They don't care whether you're left- or right-wing. They simple don't want the Israeli in the narrow sense through which they view him. It's an incident that I simply don't understand,” Hendler told Haaretz. “What was the idea? That if we don't see the 'Mona Lisa' then the occupation would end? It's completely foolish."
An official statement released by the Paris museum Monday called the allegations “disturbing” and promised to investigate the incident. But Louvre officials noted that the museum's reservations system is entirely automated.
The Louvre has 2,100 employees and receives 102 million euros in state funding, reported the New York Times.
France has the largest Jewish population in Western Europe and saw a record number of anti-Semitic incidents reported in 2013. The Jewish Community Protection Service, which monitors anti-Jewish acts in France, found there were 423 anti-Semitic acts that year, including 318 "threats," 49 acts of violence, 52 acts of vandalism, three arson attacks and one attempted homicide in 2013.
For the first time in thirteen seasons Chelsea will enter the new season devoid of Champions League participation, and quite likely without the prospect of any European football at all. Poised to enter another phase of transition — with the possibility of an exodus on the horizon — is this the appropriate time to promote from within?
The concept of utilizing the club's youth is popular amongst supporters. Rather notoriously, John Terry remains the last academy product to successfully attain a place in the first-team squad. Likewise, Thibaut Courtois has been the only one to have triumphantly conquered Chelsea's loan cycle. Exploiting the talent already available to us at this most convenient and rational time could also save the club considerable amounts of money.
Here are three prime candidates.
Nathan Ake
Since Roman Abramovich's arrival Chelsea have spent a substantial total of £96.5M on nine full-backs, the average cost each being £10.72M. Over the previous two seasons alone the Pensioners have spent £15.8M on Filipe Luis, and most recently £14M on Abdul Baba Rahman (the figure could rise to £22M with add-ons). Handing Nathan Ake the opportunity could prevent another expensive purchase.
Nathan Ake is a versatile Dutchman who flaunts fantastic defensive capabilities; his ability to block and intercept are noticeable features of his game. Having flirted on the periphery of Chelsea's first-team for several seasons, the 21-year-old was handed his opportunity to succeed at the highest level when Watford manager Quique Sanchez Flores signed the youngster on a season-long loan. His impact at Vicarage Road has been unequivocally positive.
The Dutchman has made 20 appearances in the Premier League this season, and his statistics are certainly promising. Ake has registered 47 tackles — success rate of 48% — whilst also making 64 interceptions, 90 clearances and 7 blocks. Flores has opted to predominantly deploy Ake in the left-back position, and his input to the Hornets has only been marginally less than Chelsea's starting left-back, Azpilicueta. Cesar Azplicueta has completed 20 more tackles than Ake; he has also completed 70 interceptions, 95 clearances and 9 blocks. Crucially through the entirety of this unbelievable campaign, neither player has made an error that has led to a goal [ed. note: at least according to Opta].
Despite the fact that Azpilicueta's statistics are superior in every aspect highlighted, the Spaniard has made nine more league appearances than Ake. Whilst Chelsea's depleted defensive unit have endured a decline from the triumphant heights of the 2014/15 season, the Blues' defensive quality is far better than that of Watford. Taking these factors into consideration only makes Ake's efforts more impressive.
Abdul Baba Rahman has failed to familiarise himself with the blistering tempo of the Premier League - this perhaps has been due to his infrequent involvement. Accordingly, Nathan Ake could be a suitable candidate to provide further protection in the full-back positions, whilst perhaps even obtaining the left-back position. This would most likely occur if Azpilicueta would return to his favoured right-flank.
Without excessively speculating what the future holds for Ake, it is significant to acknowledge his fine contribution to Watford, an achievement that is also being noted by the wider Premier League community. The Daily Express report that Liverpool are interested in acquiring the services of Ake, an indication that rival clubs are beginning to register his value.
Chelsea has an exceedingly fine player in the form of Nathan Ake - a player who will continue to develop and prosper with further first-team involvement. Selling him would be a fatally bad decision.
Andreas Christensen
Another individual who has thrived on loan this season is Andreas Christensen. The Danish international has made 29 appearances for Borussia Monchengladbach, attaining invaluable European experience — he's featured in the Champions League on five occasions. His league statistics have been especially splendid. Christensen has completed 21 tackles, exhibiting a 54% success rate. In addition, he's registered a respectable tally of 60 interceptions, 88 clearances and 15 blocks.
In a season in which Chelsea have conceded 41 goals - on average conceding 1.37 goals per game - the need for a defender is perhaps at its greatest, especially if Chelsea do not renew Terry's contract and if Kurt Zouma's injury is exacerbated.
Christensen's glittering displays have warranted acclaim in the national press, with some media outlets reporting that Chelsea are actively seeking to terminate the loan agreement. Indeed, his composure and discipline are key elements of his game, and his performances have been rewarded with a full international debut last week.
Considering that the average age of Chelsea's centre backs (Branislav Ivanovic included) is 29.5, there is an evident requirement for a youthful centre-back, and whilst Matt Miazga is patiently waiting for his first-team opportunity, perhaps Christensen is the appropriate candidate to fill the void. The Dane's time in Germany has testified to his capabilities to perform, and perform consistently well in one of Europe's most prestigious divisions.
Juan Cuadrado
Lastly, Juan Cuadrado, a dynamic winger who failed to register meaningful impact upon his arrival at Stamford Bridge, despite the large transfer fee and extensive media coverage. After six months, he was sent back to Italy on loan.
Cuadrado's time at Juventus, where he's featured on a consistent basis, represents a vast improvement. In 22 league appearances, Cuadrado has scored three goals whilst assisting five. His involvement in Juventus' attack has been palpable, the Colombian has completed 600 passes, flaunting a completion record of 86% — 50% of these passes have been forward passes, a clear indication of his desire to drive his team forward.
His most valuable attribute is his versatility: the 27-year-old is able to be deployed anywhere along the right-flank. He has an exemplary ability to dribble, and a superb ability to shoot from distance.
In a season, where the Champions of England have been collectively woeful — especially in relation to the distinction of their previous campaign — Chelsea's wingers have been no exception to the team's decline. This is perhaps best epitomised by Eden Hazard's tangible deterioration.
If Cuadrado is granted an opportunity to frequently feature in Chelsea's first-team then perhaps Chelsea supporters will be able to witness the flair and creativity that was extensively displayed during the 2014 World Cup.
---
There are many more players who could potentially be in contention for a return to first-team involvement in the royal blue of Chelsea and the crucial thing is to recognise and contemplate the options available to the club. One thing that is being envisaged for the forthcoming season, especially after the recent underwhelming transfer negotiations, is a frantic summer window adorned with several new signings.
Whilst acknowledging the need for reinforcements, perhaps it would be wise for the Board to adjudge the situation in accordance to their rationale and logic (if they possess any) as opposed to impulsive instinct. The need for investment is one that is recognised immediately, yet the fact that Chelsea will not be participating in European Football could be a visible hindrance whilst attempting to lure the most prestigious talents. Therefore, it would be sensible to promote from within the ranks where perfectly competent players are already available for free. Surely the loan system represents a view to develop players, rather than being solely focused on generating profit?
Gardaí had no specific intelligence about the attack at the Regency Hotel in Dublin on Friday in which one man was shot dead, according to the Garda Commissioner.
Nóirín O'Sullivan said a public sporting event was being held at the hotel and gardaí cannot go to every event just because there are criminals there.
David Byrne, 33, was shot dead and two other men were seriously wounded in the gun attack, which took place as a boxing weigh-in was being held.
Following the murder of 59-year-old Eddie Hutch Snr in Ballybough last night, in what is believed to have been in retaliation for the Regency Hotel attack, the Garda is to establish a new permanent 55-strong armed-support unit for Dublin.
Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald has announced it will operate in addition to the Emergency Response Unit and the Regional Support Unit.
Ms Fitzgerald met with Commissioner O'Sullivan and senior Garda officers this afternoon to discuss the violence.
At at press conference this evening, Ms O'Sullivan said they outlined their requirements to Ms Fitzgerald in terms of capacity and capability to respond to current and emerging threats.
She said since Friday, gardaí have an organisation-wide response in place, with plans in place for the coming days.
Ms O'Sullivan said this will involve three strands: investigating the killings, preventative actions including the continuation of armed patrols, and target and intelligence-led operations.
She added it is the early stages of the investigation and a lot of painstaking work is going on.
She said they are keeping an open mind about these incidents, they are looking at crime and terrorism and are ruling nothing out at this stage.
Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan responds to a question on the issue of resources in An Garda Síochánahttps://t.co/mvb7bNlfQT — RTÉ News (@rtenews) February 9, 2016
Gardaí investigating last night's shooting say they are looking for four masked men, two of whom fired shots from handguns at Mr Hutch Snr.
Assistant Commissioner Jack Nolan appealed to anyone who saw a silver 3 Series BMW with registration 06-G-8965, which left the scene and was abandoned on St Patricks Parade, to make contact.
He said gardaí believe the BMW, which was not a stolen car, was abandoned quickly because of Garda activity in the area and that the occupants left the scene in a dark-coloured 4x4 vehicle, possibly a Isuzu or Land Cruiser.
Asked if they have traced the owner of the BMW, Assistant Commissioner Nolan said they are making "significant progress" with that line of inquiry which is being "actively pursued".
He said a full forensic examination of the BMW and its contents including a drinking canister full of petrol has been conducted.
He also appealed to any retail outlet who may have sold petrol in a drink container that was found in the BMW to contact them.
A small black car, possibly a Peugeot or Renault, was also seen in the Poplar Row area at the time of the shooting.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Store Street Garda Station on 666-8000.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny said gardaí have the full support of Government in dealing with the escalation in gang-related crime.
Speaking in Bray, Co Wicklow earlier today, Mr Kenny said Minister Fitzgerald has been very active in dealing with the issue.
He said he could not comment on the level of intelligence available to gardaí or on operational decisions.
The Taoiseach said there was a situation of very high alert among gardaí at present and reiterated that what ever facilities were needed would be made available.
Minister Fitzgerald reiterated this commitment, describing the criminals behind the recent killings as ruthless.
Ms Fitzgerald said the issue of Garda equipment and armoury was discussed and is a matter "kept under constant review".
Ms O'Sullivan is also adopting a policy of saturation policing, involving multi-rolling checkpoints and controls paid for by overtime, she added.
The total cost of the package is an additional €5 million.
Ms Fitzgerald has also defended the use of the non-jury Special Criminal Court which deals with 1.6% of indictable crime.
She said not only is the court here to stay but a second one will begin work in April.
Minister of Justice Frances Fitzgerald responds to question on armed Gardai. pic.twitter.com/McJmwCe2V7 — Sinéad Hussey (@SineadHus) February 9, 2016
Earlier, the president of the Garda Representative Association has said the association is sending a clear and unambiguous message that there are not enough resources to tackle gang-related crime.
Dermot O'Brien said that additional resources and extra training for his members are urgently needed.
He said the association wanted a regional support unit to be put in place in Dublin immediately, along with other measures.
Speaking on RTÉ's Morning Ireland, Mr O'Brien said the association was looking for "the immediate introduction of MP7 submachine gun for the DDU [District Detective Units] and the return of the uzi submachine gun until the MP7 is introduced.
"And also we're seeking more dedicated recruitment to deal with such crime" he said.
Speaking on RTÉ's Today with Sean O' Rourke, Independent TD Maureen O'Sullivan said the recent murders are the accumulation of the cuts to garda resources and various community projects over the last six years.
Ms O'Sullivan said that a "mini criminal assets bureau" should be set up to target middle ranking dealers.
Former Lord Mayor of Dublin Christy Burke has appealed for no retaliation and called for calm from all sides following last night's shooting in Dublin.
Mr Burke, who previously lived in Poplar Row where the shooting occurred, said locals have called for more garda activity in the area and for Fitzgibbon Street and Whitehall Garda Stations to be re-opened.
Further reporting - Paul Reynolds, Crime Correspondent
The murder of Eddie Hutch is in the words of the Minister for Justice "another deplorable example of the ruthlessness of gangland criminals".
A gang of armed men forced their way into his home at Poplar Row in Dublin's north city just before 8pm last night and shot him several times in the head and body.
He died at the scene.
Eddie Hutch was Gary's uncle and the brother of the well known Dublin Criminal Gerard Hutch, the man known as the 'Monk'.
The minister says gardaí will take all necessary steps to try to prevent further bloodshed but we have to recognise the challenges they face.
She has urged gang members who have fears for their safety to come forward to the gardaí.
Archbishop speaks out against the violence
Catholic Archbishop of Dublin has condemned last night's killing and encouraged gang members' mothers and grandmothers in particular to appeal to whatever humanity remains in the hearts of those involved in recent killings.
In a statement, Dr Diarmuid Martin described last night's killing as a further escalation of violence and brutal retaliation spurred on by "despicable and cynical exploiters who feel they can treat life lightly".
Dr Martin asks: "Is there anyone - even among their own ranks - who can speak to these cynical hearts?
"Are there some persons of wisdom - especially mothers and grandmothers who must fear that their children will be dragged even more deeply into this spiral - who see the madness of such violence and who can appeal to whatever humanity remains in the hearts of those involved?
He added: "The perpetrators are not idols or stars or heroes.
"They are criminals who threaten not just public order but democracy and the rule of law and who have no care for anything except their own criminal interests."
Govt needs to 'gain control' of gang situation
Gang-related activities and "dissident republican thuggery and violence" remain a threat to communities across the country and there is a clear need to gain control of the criminal situation in Dublin, the Minister for Education has said.
Speaking at her General Election launch in Limerick, Jan O'Sullivan said the battle against organised crime cannot be lost.
She also used her election launch to warn against the possible consequences of the Special Criminal Court being dismantled if Sinn Féin were to form part of the next government.
Ms O'Sullivan said: "We know in Limerick that that court has been a key factor in getting the gangland bosses out of our communities and making it safer and we need that court to continue.
"The failure of Sinn Féin to any way endorse that court and the suggestion that members of jury might go into witness protection programmes shows how out of touch Sinn Fein are."
Minister O'Sullivan disagreed with opposition claims the government had taken their eye off justice insisting there had to be strong focus on the economy "because we wouldn't have the money for guards if we didn't have a strong economy".
A guiding belief at UCLA is that students and educators belong to a community of diverse scholars. Together our Bruin community serves as a global leader advancing knowledge and tackling societal needs in an inclusive learning and working environment. These professed ideals are more important now than ever. Throughout the election campaign, Donald Trump has advocated aggressive and punitive measures against undocumented immigrants. Now his election as president presents significant challenges for our campus community. Our students, staff, campus employees, and their families are the targets of vitriol and hate crimes. Many people feel under siege and live in fear of deportation. President-elect Trump has promised to deport millions of undocumented immigrants from the United States and end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which currently provides deportation relief for undocumented youth and grants authorization to work in the US. These attacks on immigrants and their families are an affront to our entire UCLA community.
We, the undersigned faculty, petition the university to immediately develop protocol for making itself a sanctuary for undocumented students, staff, workers, and their families. In doing so, we join universities and colleges across the country, including UC Berkeley, UT Austin, Michigan, and Wisconsin, in taking concrete steps to ensure a safe and secure environment for education, research, and service.
Recently, the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) has unequivocally stated its unwillingness to engage in law enforcement activities solely based on immigration status and made clear that the LAPD does not support the Department of Homeland Security's deportation efforts. In the wake of President-Elect Trump's pledge to remove millions of people from the US, 741,500 of which are DACA youth, we strongly encourage the Academic Senate and University administrators to develop actionable steps to ensure UCLA provides a safe haven for undocumented members of our campus community.
We encourage the university to take the following concrete actions:
Reaffirm the university's commitment to support and protect all of its students and workers, regardless of their citizenship status, religion, ethnicity, or national origin;
Reaffirm current admission and financial aid policies regarding undocumented students;
Reaffirm the university's policy to not cooperate with federal ICE authorities regarding deportations or immigration raids and assure the entire UCLA community that Campus Police will continue its standing practice of not engaging in helping the federal government with deportations or inquiring as to the immigration status of students;
Reaffirm the university's commitment to create a campus atmosphere of respect by denouncing the hate speech directed at immigrant, minority, and LGBTQ students and workers, and by informing the campus of existing resources for reporting and responding to bias or hate incidents;
Provide strictly confidential counseling services for undocumented students, DACA recipients, staff, workers, and their families regarding their situation;
Provide and expand legal services for undocumented students, staff, workers, and their families
We, the undersigned, believe the Trump administration's proposed immigration policies pose a grave threat to UCLA's mission of equity, diversity, and inclusion. Given these dire circumstances, we urge continued conversation and concrete action from the Academic Senate and UCLA administration.
Sincerely,
Lauren Duquette-Rury, Assistant Professor of Sociology
Roger Waldinger, Distinguished Professor of Sociology
Director, Center for the Study of International Migration
Marjorie Faulstich Orellana, Professor of Education
Associate Director, Center for the Study of International Migration
Ingrid Eagly, Professor of Law
Helga Leitner, Professor of Geography
Ruben Hernandez-Leon, Professor of Sociology
Margaret Peters, Assistant Professor of Political Science
Rashmita Mistry, Professor of Education
Gail Kligman, Professor of Sociology
Lieba Faier, Associate Professor of Geography
David K. Yoo, Vice Provost & Professor Institute of American Cultures
Laurie Kain Hart, Professor of Anthropology
Kyeyoung Park, Associate Professor of Anthropology and Asian American Studies
Jamie Goodwin-White, Assistant Professor of Geography
MarySue V. Heilemann, Associate Professor of Nursing
Steven Wallace, Professor and Chair of Community Health Sciences
Patricia Gándara, Professor of Education and Co-Director of the Civil Rights Project
Vilma Ortiz, Professor of Sociology
Kelly Lytle Hernandez, Associate Professor of History and African American Studies
Leisy Abrego, Associate Professor of Chicana/o Studies Department
Karida Brown, Assistant Professor of Sociology
Marcelo M. Suárez-Orozco, UCLA Wasserman Dean and Distinguished Professor of Education
Shannon Speed, Associate Professor of Anthropology and Director of Native American and Indigenous Studies
Michael A. Rodriguez, Professor and Vice Chair of Family Medicine
Min Zhou, Professor of Sociology
Carola Suárez-Orozco, Professor of Human Development and Psychology
Paul Ong, Professor of Urban Planning, Social Welfare and Asian American Studies
Patricia Greenfield, Distinguished Professor of Psychology
Several white nationalist leaders will be gathering in Charlottesville, VA's Lee Emancipation Park on August 12, 2017 — just months after a similar protest against the removal of a statue of Robert E. Lee. On May 13th, several high-profile racists, including Nathan Damigo, Mike Peinovich, and Richard Spencer, gave speeches blasting the decision to remove Confederate statues as a form of “ethnic cleansing.”
Later that night, Spencer led a torch-wielding crowd of white nationalists, identitarians, and Neo-Confederates which converged on Lee Park in the dead of night, chanting “You will not replace us!” and the Nazi slogan “Blood and soil!”
According to The Daily Progress, after ten minutes the Charlottesville police arrived on the scene to quell a confrontation between protesters. The crowd then dissipated without any further incidents.
At the August 12th “Unite the Right” rally, Richard Spencer will once again be one of the event's headliners along with The Right Stuff's Mike Peinovich. In addition to Peinovich and Spencer, other prominent white supremacists slated to attend include:
Jason Kessler — Alt-right/Neo-Confederate activist and former contributor to The Daily Caller. Kessler spoke at the May 13th rally in Charlottesville against the removal of Confederate statues. Pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge after punching a person in the face on January 22, 2017, and was sentenced to 50 hours of community service.
Christopher Cantwell — White supremacist talk radio personality and host of the podcast Radical Agenda. Cantwell still identifies himself as an “anarchist, atheist, asshole” with a strong libertarian streak, but sympathizes with Neo-Nazis due to their mutual hatred of Jews and non-whites.
Tim Gionet — Alt-right Twitter personality who goes by the names Tim Treadstone and “Baked Alaska.” Gionet was booted from last year's conservative “DeploraBall” after his anti-Semitic Twitter remarks came to light.
Ayla Stewart — Racist Mormon mommy blogger who operates the website Wife With A Purpose Ministries — formerly called Nordic Sunrise. Made headlines earlier this year for her absurd “white baby challenge.” Announced as a last minute addition by Richard Spencer.
Augustus Sol Invictus — Neo-fascist lawyer who mounted an unsuccessful run for Marco Rubio's Senate seat in 2016 on, of all things, the Libertarian Party ticket. His campaign was notable for having been backed by white supremacists and for Invictus' admission that he once sacrificed a goat and drank its blood. Currently operates the website The Revolutionary Conservative.
Matt Heimbach — Founder of Towson University's White Student Union (WSU) which he led until his graduation in 2013. That year, along with white supremacist Matt Parrott, Heimbach founded the Traditionalist Youth Network (TYN). In 2015 Heimbach and Parrott established the Traditionalist Worker Party (TWP), the “political wing” of the TYN.
Johnny Ramondetta — Also known as “Johnny Monoxide,” Ramondetta hosts a white supremacist podcast called The Paranormies Present: The Ahnenerbe Hour, named after an occult-obsessed Nazi group founded by Heinrich Himmler. As recently as 2016 Ramondetta reportedly worked as an electrical foreman for San Francisco's IBEW Local 6.
Pax Dickinson — Formerly the CTO of Business Insider, tech bro Pax Dickinson was forced to resign in 2013 after a series of derogatory tweets about women and feminism were uncovered by Gawker's Nitasha Tiku. Following his departure from Business Insider, Dickinson was hired at Chuck Johnson's alt-right crowdfunding platform Wesearchr where he worked until May 2017. In a June appearance on Red Ice TV, Dickinson announced the creation of a new crowdfunding website called Counter.Fund.
Dr. Michael Hill — Founder and current President of the Neo-Confederate hate group League of the South (LOS), formerly known as the Southern League. He and his fellow LOS members have organized and participated in numerous protests against the removal of the Confederate flag from public property as well as what the LOS calls “Southern demographic displacement” by non-whites.
RaptormanReports
One of the most stunning turn of events in the United States is the complete militarization of the country under the guise of the War on Terror. Citizens watch in horror as the police are turned into soldiers. The military is being deployed regularly from sporting events to anti drug operations and states of emergency are constantly being declared for everything from riots to snow storms. Whole cities and schools are put on “lockdown” for the slightest provocation. Never before has the population been so terrorized by it's media and government into believing there is a boogeyman behind every corner.
It is not the intent of this article to place any blame on law enforcement or military. Only to highlight the policies and procedures that are put in effect by the government that directs them. Using two declassified documents in combination, RaptormanReports will paint a picture that quite telling and informative about the militarization of the ten F.E.M.A. regions.
ArmyRoleHomeland.pdf
Dod-OhioRNC16.pdf
Anyone that has been paying attention can see the massive build up of men and material into in to a vast authoritarian police state since 9/11. The erosion of traditional protections like the Posse Comitatus Act , which sets very strict limits on military conducting law enforcement duties with in the continental United States (CONUS), has lead to the military being involved in almost every area of federal and state domestic affairs. These are operations are divided into two categories:
Homeland Defense and Defense Support of Civil Authorities (DSCA)
The spectrum of DSCA ranges from supporting the US Secret Service for National Special Security Events (NSSE), Federal Law Enforcement. Agencies in Counterdrug and Border Security operations, FEMA for natural and manmade disasters (to include the extreme complex catastrophes), to the most dangerous a Chemical – Biological – Radiological – Nuclear (CBRN) incident. Recent examples include: providing Navy divers to recover the remains in the IH35 Bridge collapse, establishing housing at three separate DOD Installations for unaccompanied children coming into the US from our Southern border – in support of the Department of Health and Human Services (DHHS), and forming and training two EBOLA medical teams that could be inserted into any US hospital to assist in the care of infected patients – DHHS
Everything under the sun it seems can be solved with the military. Have a special U.N. meeting, gotta take in hords of third world refugees, need to raid a pot garden, do those pesky George Soros funded riots keep popping up? Just send in the military to help!
Since the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 almost all protections against military in domestic affairs and a standing domestic army have been removed. This goes further with the establishment of Standing Defense Coordinating Officers (DCO) embedded in each of the ten FEMA Regional Headquarters.
Army can be called in to assist from any number of federal agencies, states or civil authorities under the command of USNORTHCOM reporting through the SecDef to the President of the United States (POTUS). The people tasked with this assignment are the Defense Coordinating Officer (DCO) and their Defense Coordinating Element (DCE). These small 9-10 person all Army teams led by a former Brigade command or equivalent Colonels are assigned to ARNORTH but perform their day-to-day duties located with each of the 10 FEMA Regional Headquarters. Pre-activation they closely work with their Federal partners as well as with the State JFHQs and State Emergency Managers within their region to develope State and regional plans. When activated they directly represent the SecDef and work with FEMA's Federal Coordinating Officer (FCO).
Equipped with advanced encrypted communication and mobile command vehicles they would be responsible for coordinating the needed manpower and equipment for the mission. Defense Coordinating Officers work with 173 US Army Reserve Emergency Preparedness Liaison Officers (EPLO) located two per State and a five-person team at the FEMA Regional Headquarters. These soldiers are the Subject-Matter Experts (SME) for their state. EPLOs are valuable asset because they provide situational awareness at the State level.
What threats are these units tasked to deal with? Here's a list from most probable to most severe. It seems every scenario is on there.
How long can troops be deployed with out invoking the Stafford Act , Insurection Act , or in fact any act of congress?
Immediate Response Authority: Response at the municipal, county, or tribal level is provided initially under IRA. If requested, any commander can provide resources to save lives, prevent human suffering, and mitigate great property damage in response to a request from a civil authority, under imminently serious conditions and if time does not permit approval from higher authority. There is an unofficial time limit of 72 hours for immediate response operations. This is very open ended an be applied to almost any situation. The Secretary of Defense is not even needed to authorize this type engagement.
Small-scale events can be handled by a DCO, his DCE and EPLOs. Medium-scale events may require deployment of a mission command headquarters such as USARNORTH's Contingency Command Post, a Joint Headquarters or a Functional Component Command (FCC). Such a mediumscale organization is likely to be commanded by a Major General. Large-scale events, usually employing multiple Joint Task Forces (JTFs) and/or FCCs, require an overarching JTF or FCC. Organizationally, a corps headquarters, commanded by a Lieutenant General, is the preferred choice to provide mission command of federal response forces.
Under the NDAA: Large scale troop deployments can last as long as 120 days with no say from congress at all. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) of 2012 added Sec. 12304a. authorizes the SecDef to involuntarily order the Army Reserve, as well as all Services' Reserves, to active duty to provide assistance in response to a major disaster or emergency for up to 120 days. This all at the sole discretion of the President of the United States (POTUS). Congress cannot even review it for 120 days.
MOA and MOU Agreements: Mutual Aid Agreements and Memoranda Of Understanding are contracts that can be entered into with any civil authority, where as DoD resources will be provided for an unspecified amount of time for very specific missions. The way the document reads any city, county or state civil authority, or even dog catcher it seems, can request and receive DoD resources. These are the agreements used for facilitating training off military property and can be entered into with private individuals or even other countries for global application.
to ensure we apply the right capability to the training or exercise event to ensure we are maximizing our efforts to retain interoperability with the Canadian Forces for global application.
This includes training with other countries inside and outside of the Continental United States(CONUS). Our troops can go there and their troops can come here.
Equally in Canada, the RAF has been that re-integration of Active Duty units in cross border training and exercise opportunities – having elements from their BCTs participating in Canada's premier annual training exercise MAPLE RESOLVE.
Of course this mostly used on the War on Drugs as more military aircraft and drones patrol our skies looking for anything illegal. This includes the EPA snooping from the skies to make sure your not violating wetland protection laws to spying on protestors demonstrating against an oil pipeline.
Not exactly what the Founding Fathers of America intended as they constantly warned of this type of situation.
James Madison
A standing military force, with an overgrown Executive will not long be safe companions to liberty. The means of defence against foreign danger, have been always the instruments of tyranny at home.
RaptormanReports
The Suns' latest long-term plan—as thin, comically optimistic, and completely lacking in self-awareness as it was—lasted less than five days.
On Wednesday, owner Robert Sarver painted his vision for arguably the league's most hopeless franchise, a plan grounded in patience. By Sunday, his organization had announced the firing of coach Earl Watson after a hideous 0-3 start that featured the worst loss in franchise history and a collective defensive effort that can only be described as mutinous. As the Blazers, Lakers and Clippers carved them up to the tune of 129 points per game, the lifeless, clueless Suns looked like they were staging a protest. The only things missing as they conceded a parade of wide open lay-ups were white flags of surrender and signs that read, “Somebody save us.”
Sure enough, the weekend brought Watson's firing and a public cry for help from the team's starting point guard, Eric Bledsoe. “I don't wanna be here,” Bledsoe wrote on Twitter, a completely understandable sentiment that has been shared by many others in recent years. Indeed, let's hand out truth serum and immunity from fines by the NBA league office and see how many of the Suns players retweet Bledsoe and add, “Me neither!!!”
For the record, Sarver's plan, as revealed to his tortured fan base in an interview with Arizona Sports 98.7 FM, was this: 1) Hope that two of his young prospects develop into All-Stars over the next three seasons, and then 2) hope that his front office could sign two max-level free agents in 2020. “That's really kind of the strategy,” Sarver said. “It's hard [to avoid quicker fixes]. It's hard, especially when free agency starts and you see a few opportunities … and your instinct is to want to try to get the best players you can get. It's also hard during the season where at times you wish you had some of that [talent]. But I think our plan is pretty solid and high level.”
It's rich that a three-year, take-it-slow developmental plan self-combusted after three games, but Sarver's need for a scapegoat was real. The Suns did not put out a professional effort against the Blazers in their home opener, a fact that can only be partially excused away by GM Ryan McDonough's G-League level roster. At media day, Lakers GM Rob Pelinka evoked the Broadway play “Hamilton” to paint his rebuilding team's identity as “young, scrappy and hungry.” McDonough's Suns under Watson? Young, napping and grumpy.
​
Replacing Watson with veteran assistant Jay Triano on an interim basis solves nothing, though, neither did replace the beleaguered Jeff Hornacek with Watson in 2016. Phoenix's underperforming players are a symptom, not the disease. The Suns suffer from a broken culture created by Sarver and repeatedly reinforced during McDonough's error-filled run.
Bledsoe epitomizes Phoenix's deep, irresistible rot. The Suns played hard ball with him during rookie extension negotiations that dragged on and on for no good reason. Then, they teamed him with ball-dominant guards, Isaiah Thomas and Goran Dragic, in a misaligned three-headed monster. Then, they abruptly reversed course, strip-mining the roster and undertaking a youth movement. Then, they shut him down in mid-March last season to pursue a tank job that failed to land Lonzo Ball or Markelle Fultz.
Why on Earth would Bledsoe want to be in Phoenix? The Suns nickel-and-dimed him, they made misstep after misstep around him, and they took away his right to play for an entire month in 2016-17. When Bledsoe arrived in Phoenix, he was a promising 23-year-old trying to prove that he could run his own show. Now, he's nearly 28, with no playoff appearances as a Sun, with his third coach in three seasons, and with no help on the horizon.
Honestly, it's a miracle that Bledsoe took this long to press “send” on his Tweet. Since leaving Phoenix, Thomas blossomed into an MVP candidate in Boston and is set to play for a title in Cleveland. Dragic enjoyed a career year in Miami and should make the playoffs for the second time in three seasons. Markieff Morris, Marcus Morris, and others have all fled the desert for greener pastures and never looked back. Does anyone doubt that Bledsoe will enjoy a more stable environment and greater earning potential wherever he lands next? Given this track record, shouldn't Booker, who is still just 20, start working on his own exit strategy too?
Christian Petersen/Getty Images
​
Sarver made this bed and now he's stuck laying in it. After the Suns locker room imploded on Hornacek, Sarver opted to hire Watson, a rookie coach, at a rock-bottom price. While Watson, a thoughtful and well-respected former player, wasn't exactly a Coach of the Year candidate, he inherited a toxic locker room and was expected to lean heavily on raw players like Marquese Chriss and Dragan Bender. The owner got precisely what he paid for.
The same holds true for McDonough. The first-time GM's inexperience has shown through over and over, whether in his handling of Bledsoe, the Dragic trade and its aftermath, the Thomas trade and its aftermath, the disastrous trade for Brandon Knight, the drafting of Alex Len, the Morris brothers saga, the sloppy handling of Hornacek's prolonged departure, the ill-advised Tyson Chandler signing, the unsuccessful pursuit of LaMarcus Aldridge, the shameless tanking, and all the rest. He's had years to build a culture and find players who fit that culture, and yet all he's done is make an impressively wide array of mistakes.
It was Sarver who decided to let a rookie executive learn on the job. So it is Sarver who ultimately shoulders the blame for the damage to his franchise's assembled talent and reputation. Remarkably, after that long list of backfiring trades, empty lottery picks and talent misevaluations, Sarver granted McDonough a contract extension in July. Perfect.
With any luck, Phoenix's terrible opening week will serve as a wake-up call to Sarver. His stated plan is a pipe dream. The Suns can't reasonably expect to have two All-Stars by 2020; they'll be lucky if Booker alone evolves to that level given the dysfunction around him. And they certainly can't expect to land two max-worthy free agents by 2020. Not when the Suns have only a history of losing and disgruntled players to sell to prospective stars. Not when McDonough's biggest signing to date was a well-past-his-prime Chandler. And not when the league's best players are increasingly teaming up with each other in winning environments.
Sarver's plan will only work if Phoenix develops its current talent, attracts new talent, and constructs an environment in which that collected talent stays happy together. Does Sarver really believe his organization can somehow magically check all three boxes after repeatedly falling short on all counts? Or, does he know deep down that his vision sounds far-fetched to anyone that's paid attention to his organization since Steve Nash's departure?
Here's the good news: There's a better plan available to Sarver, one that will leave him with stuffed pockets and his ego intact. This plan doesn't require any public acknowledgment of mistakes. It doesn't require years of waiting on teenagers to pan out. It doesn't require trading Bledsoe for pennies on the dollar. It doesn't require yet another coaching search. It doesn't require waiting a year to see whether McDonough gets his act together. It doesn't require turning over the front office again. It doesn't require fending off the vultures who are undoubtedly sizing up Booker already. It doesn't even require competent decision-making or strategic thinking.
All this plan requires from Sarver is a desire for money. Immediate relief from his countless, recurring headaches will be an added bonus.
Sell the Suns. Cash out.
Sarver led a group that purchased the Suns for $401 million in 2004 and, thanks to the league's ongoing boom, the franchise's value was pegged at $1.1 billion by Forbes back in February. As a point of reference, the Rockets were recently sold for a record $2.2 billion after being valued at $1.65 billion in the same Forbes survey. If Sarver decides to trade his fairly-tale vision for real dividends, a huge windfall awaits.
​
Over the summer, Sarver claimed that he was “a better owner today” than he was at the height of the Nash era, because he had “learned more about the business” and come to understand the importance of a transcendent star. Of course, no one besides Sarver can see the alleged progress, not when the Suns are poised to win fewer than 25 games for the third straight year, not when Bledsoe is unleashing social media distress signals, and not when Watson is being unceremoniously dumped. Booker might be a nice scorer, but he's got a long, long way to go before he has a Nash-like impact. Even Sarver can see that, right?
There are 79 games left in Phoenix's season, a cruel fact that will generate unavoidable and gloomy questions in the coming days. Which coach would be desperate enough to sign on as Watson's full-time successor? Which star would choose to play in Phoenix after seeing what happened to Bledsoe? Which executive would be willing to undertake years of arduous work to improve an abysmal roster if McDonough winds up being the next to go?
Sarver should do himself, his city, his players and his fan base a favor by focusing his attention on a variant of those queries. Namely: Which eager, basketball-loving billionaire is ready to pony up for the Suns?
Given the NBA's robust economic landscape, a willing buyer might even emerge in as little as five days.
If you've played the demo for Prey, the upcoming action-adventure game set in a space station under attack from an alien race simply called the Typhon, you may have noticed that the game has some input lag-related issues in the PlayStation 4 version.
For the uninitiated; input lag occurs when using buttons and sticks on your controller will trigger the corresponding action in the game after a slight delay. This makes playing games that require precise movement pretty hard, bordering on the impossible for highly competitive games like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive and Rocket League. It seems like the PlayStation 4 version is the only version experiencing this problem.
Responding to a user on NeoGAF asking for a more technical description of the fix, Bethesda's Community Lead had this to say:
To get a little more technical on the update: To address input lag, the fix within the final release in the game changes the raw input curve on the PS4 controller to be more responsive at the low end, and to tweak responsiveness to the center point on the controller (narrowing the dead zone.). The net result is faster/more responsive movement.
In Prey, players take up the role of Morgan Yu, one of the few humans left on a ship filled with hostile aliens. The game is set in an alternate timeline where John F. Kennedy was never assassinated, which instead allowed the president to heavily fund space projects. It's now used a research station developing ways to use the Typhon to augment humans and give them superhuman abilities. Science!
Prey is releasing for the Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC (affiliate links) on May 5. If you want to learn more about the system requirements and settings, you can read our story here.
Quick Take
I've heard very little about this game but what I've heard sounds really cool. They say they're heavily focusing on the game's story and roleplaying, and the design of the station makes me want to explore it for a good long while.
Share Has a tip for us? Awesome! Shoot us an email at [email protected] and we'll take a look!
As detailed here before, a few Samsung laptop models have a firmware bug that makes them liable to becoming inert bricks if you install Linux. It's a one-way process. This happened to me when I bought an ultrabook from the Elgiganten big-box store last summer. Both Samsung and the store refused to reimburse me for the loss of my machine's use. At the suggestion of my home municipality's consumer advisor (konsumentrådgivare), I took the matter to Allmänna reklamationsnämnden, the National Board for Consumer Disputes (complaint no 2013-10081).
My main argument was that installing Linux is a common procedure these days. Elgiganten sells many brands of computer that don't have the hidden design fault I ran into, and not even most Samsung models have the fault. Nobody warned me that the particular model I happened to get would fail on such an everyday point.
Yesterday the National Board sent me their verdict.
The Board finds that the computer came with a pre-installed operating system and that Martin Rundkvist has then installed another operating system. Normally such installations and similar changes in the computer are done at the buyer's risk. Our investigation does not suggest that the vendor has promised that the computer would be compatible with the operating system Martin Rundkvist has installed. According to the Board, nor has Martin Rundkvist had reason to assume that the computer would be compatible with the operating system in question. In this assessment, the Board finds that the fact that the computer stopped working due to the installation Martin Rundkvist did, does not constitute the kind of defect for which the seller is responsible. Martin Rundkvist's claim should therefore be dismissed. Nämnden konstaterar att datorn levererades med ett förinstallerat operativsystem och att Martin Rundkvist därefter har installerat ett annat operativsystem. Normalt sett sker sådana installationer och andra liknande förändringar i datorn på köparens risk. Utredningen ger inte stöd för att säljaren har utfäst att datorn skulle vara kompatibel med det operativsystem som Martin Rundkvist har installerat. Enligt nämnden har Martin Rundkvist inte heller haft skäl att utgå ifrån att datorn skulle vara kompatibel med det aktuella operativsystemet. Vid denna bedömning anser nämnden att den omständigheten att datorn har slutat fungera till följd av den installation som Martin Rundkvist har utfört, inte utgör ett sådant fel som säljaren ansvarar för. Martin Rundkvists yrkanden ska därför avslås.
I guess there are a number of lessons you can draw from this.
“Many players would faint in practice,” Kuroda said with the assistance of his interpreter, Kenji Nimura. “I did go to the river and drink. It was not the cleanest river, either. I would like to believe it was clean, but it was not a beautiful river.
“In order to play,” he added, “you had to survive. We were trained to build an immune system so that we could survive and play.”
Although never considered a top prospect, particularly by his high school and college coaches, Kuroda has come to be one of the most successful Japanese-born pitchers in baseball. His career earned run average of 3.41 is the lowest of any Japanese pitcher with more than 12 major league starts, and that includes the more-heralded Hideo Nomo, Daisuke Matsuzaka and Yu Darvish.
On Friday, Kuroda, with a 3.17 E.R.A. and 8-7 record this season, will take the mound against the Red Sox at Fenway Park. The Yankees, hit with injuries, have effectively asked Kuroda to elevate his game to compensate for the suddenly absent starters Andy Pettitte and C. C. Sabathia. He seems, perhaps not surprisingly given his life story, undaunted.
Jokingly asked if he could throw 200 pitches in a game if asked, Kuroda did not exactly dismiss the notion.
“I am a human being, so of course I get tired,” he said. “But if someone asks me, I would probably do it because that is how I was taught. Everything happens for a reason, and maybe it helped me to get here now.”
Kuroda, reflecting for another moment on his ordeals as a child, then added, “But if none of it happened, I would have enjoyed baseball a lot more.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One day in the summer of 1990, when Kuroda was 15 and playing summer baseball for his select high school, Uenomiya High, he had a bad outing, the latest in a string of them. Controlling the location of his pitches was a persistent problem, and even when he could throw strikes, opponents hit them hard, and to all fields.
Before long, Kuroda's manager approached him and another offending teammate, a boy a year older, and issued them the dreaded order: Run.
As usual, it was an open-ended command, and every player, particularly the struggling ones like the teenage Kuroda, knew the meaning: go to the outfield, and run from foul pole to foul pole — the longest part of any baseball field — without water.
Kuroda changed out of his uniform and began a four-day ordeal that still haunts him and still fuels his desire to perform well — and not make mistakes.
The story, as he tells it, sounds implausible. But Kuroda, over the course of five interview sessions, told it again and again, and insisted it was so.
Under orders, he ran from 6 a.m. until 9 or 10 p.m., depending on when the coach went to bed. Obviously, he could not jog for 15 straight hours, but he had to do his best to make it look that way. When his coach, known as the kantoku, was not watching, he would walk.
When the kantoku went to his office for lunch, Kuroda said, his teammates left water or a rice ball for him in the woods.
“That water was the greatest tasting thing I have ever had,” he said, “better than any five-star restaurant.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At night, when the kantoku had retreated for the evening, Kuroda could at last stop running and would return to the dormitory. But he was not allowed to bathe.
Bobby Valentine, the Boston Red Sox' manager, spent seven seasons managing in Japan, including one in 1995, and was astonished by the work and routines that so many players were accustomed to. When Kuroda's punishment was explained to him, he was not remotely surprised.
“How come they let him stop at 10?” Valentine said. “What, did he have a particularly liberal coach?”
Photo
After four days and nights of this treatment, the parents of Kuroda's teammate intervened more directly. They took the boys back to their house, gave them water and food, and bathed them. They called Kuroda's mother and told her the situation.
“She said to send me back,” Kuroda said, laughing. “At that point, I knew I had an enemy in my own house.”
Kuroda said his father, a onetime outfielder for the Nankai Hawks who opened a sporting goods store after retiring, believed that his son had made a commitment when he went to that school to play baseball, and that that meant obeying the coach.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But his mother, if firm, seemed more open to reason — at least insofar as she allowed him to spend the night with his friend and return to the coach and the team the next morning.
In the United States, such treatment might be considered criminal. And today in Japan, lawsuits from parents have drastically changed what is considered acceptable.
“I know there are cultural differences across international boundaries,” said Jim Thompson, the founder and chief executive of Positive Coaching Alliance, an organization dedicated to promoting a positive method of coaching. “But it's hard to come to any other conclusion but that it's child abuse and his coach was a bully.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
That was not the only time Kuroda had to run the poles, just the most extreme. Even without that kind of punishment, life for Japanese high school baseball players was demanding. On most days they would wake up at 5 a.m., go to practices and school, and get home at 10 or 11 p.m.
“Attending class was the only time I was able to relax,” Kuroda said, “and sometimes sleep.”
Kuroda's first formal introduction to the old-school culture of Japanese baseball came when he was in first grade. After he had made a mistake, the coach administered a punishment known as ketsu batto. He got whacked with a bat (batto) on his backside (ketsu).
“Starting in elementary school, it was like the military almost,” he said. “If you did something wrong in a game, you'll get a certain number of spanks with a bat. The next day, you couldn't even sit in a chair in school.
“When I gave up a hit, ketsu batto. That was my first experience in baseball with a team. In first grade to fourth grade.”
Everything changed in fifth grade, when his father, Kazuhiro Kuroda, took over and began coaching his team. For the first time, Kuroda saw the joy in baseball, and he longed for each day that he could play for his father.
“Reflecting upon my baseball life, that was the time that I had the most fun playing baseball,” he said. “I was able to experience baseball without discipline. It was the pure joy of playing baseball. But when I got back to high school, it was back to the torture.”
The coaches were not the only ones meting out punishment in high school. Hazing was a consistent threat, too. Kuroda declined to reveal some of the tactics used against him, calling them too grotesque. But he recounted how older players would make the younger ones kneel with their bare legs on hot pavement and then hit them.
This was a practice that was repeated by upperclassmen when he got to college. Unlike Matsuzaka, Darvish and other stars, like Koji Uehara, Kuroda was not good enough to be drafted out of high school. So he played for Senshu University.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
As Kuroda recalls it, scouts never saw him pitch because he was always running or pitching in mop-up situations and practice games.
At Senshu, players lived in four-man dorm rooms, which Kuroda hated. Freshmen had to wake up long before their roommates and do the other boys' laundry. By the time the older boys awoke, their clothes had to be folded and stacked — in the order they would put them on — and their socks had to be washed by hand.
“Freshmen were basically slaves,” Kuroda said. If they did not live up to their duties, they would have to endure the kneeling treatment again. This time it was on the hot roof of the dorms with a beautiful view taunting them.
“After a while,” Kuroda said, “the view was blurry and distorted. Your legs would go numb, and you had to crawl back to your room.”
And there was always running. When the running was not under a hot sun, it might be in the rain. But the coaches told the players not to worry. Their bones, they were told, would stay dry.
Because of his strong arm, Kuroda was drafted by the Hiroshima Carp in 1996 and made his debut in 1997. Life was much easier in the pros. They worked hard, but the running was less severe, and there was no such punitive conditioning. He spent nine years with the Carp before joining the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2008, where he continued to thrive.
Although Kuroda would never recommend the treatment he received for anyone else, he struggles to put it into proper perspective. It almost drove him out of the game in high school, but it may have ultimately helped him surpass all expectations and become a good major league pitcher.
Kuroda is considered among the hardest-working players in baseball. He still runs, but instead of doing endless poles, he does what Dana Cavalea, the Yankees' strength and conditioning coordinator, prescribes.
Kuroda accepts his past ordeals as part of the fabric of his life and character.
“It was all so ingrained in me that I still have a fear of giving up hits and runs,” he said while sitting in the Yankee Stadium dugout before a game last week.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Then, fiddling with a bottle of clean water, Kuroda asked through Nimura if the interview was over. He had to go run.
(Natural News) There is a chemical assault being waged against the children of America, yet far too many parents, lawmakers and policymakers don't see a thing at all wrong with it: The poisoning of our kids through the use of a mercury-laced substance in vaccines.
That substance is thimerosal, and it is proven to be neurologically toxic – to the point that it really is “settled science,” says Natural News founder/editor Mike Adams, the Health Ranger, in a newly released podcast.
Adams should know. As the science director for the accredited heavy metals laboratory, CWC Labs, he has personally tested vaccines for their mercury content, having found varying levels of mercury in many. He knows more about heavy metals and their toxicity than most vaccine pushers will ever know. He even wrote a No. 1-selling science book on heavy metals in foods called Food Forensics. (RELATED: Keep up with all of modern medicine's health failures at Vaccines.news)
So, when he says there is literally a cartel of toxic mercury pushers who are denying the periodic table of elements by pushing toxic mercury in vaccines, they are essentially “medical child molesters,” because they are contributing to childhood brain damage through use of a known neurotoxin.
“As any genuine scientist or chemist knows, there is no such thing as a safe quantity or safe form of mercury for injecting into children. And yet, there is continued advocacy of pushing vaccines that contain mercury, a gross violation of the American Medical Association's code of ethics,” he says, noting that despite mercury's neurological toxicity, it is still being given to children deliberately.
Get more news like this without being censored: Get the Natural News app for your mobile devices. Enjoy uncensored news, lab test results, videos, podcasts and more. Bypass all the unfair censorship by Google, Facebook, YouTube and Twitter. Get your daily news and videos directly from the source! Download here.
In his podcast, Adams makes sure to point out that it may only take a very small amount of mercury-laced thimerosal in a few vaccines to push a child over the edge, neurologically. And he says it can happen even before a baby is born.
In fact, he notes, the earlier vaccines are given, the higher the chance that a baby or young child will be harmed neurologically. Often, children are fine right up until they receive a certain vaccine – one that may contain more mercury than their little brains can handle – and they lapse into a seizure, develop a high temperature and either develop autism afterward or permanent brain damage.
The government is aware of this potential, which is why in the 1980s, the Department of Health and Human Services established a vaccine injury fund to pay out claims to vaccine-harmed individuals through the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program.
Adams also delves a little bit into why thimerosal-laced vaccines are being given to children. A major reason “is population control,” so that elites like vaccine-pusher Bill Gates, through the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, can winnow down the number of people in the world who are consuming resources. (RELATED: Learn all about the Gates' and their foundation at TruthWiki.org)
“Why give kids vaccines that cause such harm” if there isn't some sinister reason behind it? Adams asks. Brain-damaged kids are also easier to “indoctrinate” in public schools, he points out.
It's a fallacy to think that the government and vaccine makers are really just trying to “help children,” he adds. If that were the case, the government would have moved to have mercury removed from vaccines long ago.
The Health Ranger also poses this question: If it is so very wrong to harm children through other forms of violence, abuse and neglect (and it is wrong), why isn't anyone being held responsible for harming kids with vaccines?
He goes on to note that some of the governing elite – in the U.S. but also in other Western societies – have always had a proclivity for abusing children. Such abuse continues to this day in the form of child sex trafficking, child pornography and other forms of abuse. But the vaccine industry is also allowed to prey on children with toxins, as evidenced by the thimerosal in them. “They want to harm children, otherwise they wouldn't be injecting them with a known neurotoxin,” Adams says.
Listen to the entire podcast below.
J.D. Heyes is a senior writer for Natural News and News Target, as well as editor of The National Sentinel.
Sources:
Vaccines.news
NaturalNews.com
I found this sitting half-finished on my computer so I went ahead and completed it. It's a Latin translation of the awesome Friendship is Witchcraft song Gypsy Bard. It's a little bit more "dark" than the original, I think. If you think a lot of the lines have too many syllables, you're right....sort of. See, there's something called "elision" where if a word ends with a vowel or an m and the next one begins with a vowel or an h you can essentially cut off the last syllable of the first word and go straight into the next. So in the second line, "Res facilis explicare est" is pronounced "Res facilis explicarest." Itactually singable with the tune, though I admit the line "Orpanotrophio me miserunt" is a little awkward when you try it. I left it like that though because of the rhyming.Anyway, here's a literal English translation of it:When your life is difficult,It's an easy thing to explain.You are playthings of the gods.You are stuck inside a crystal ball.And whichever way they turn it,Know that we must be strong.We will always overcomeWhile we sing this song.When I was a little pony,A wildfire destroyed my city.They sent me to an orphanage."Abandon your roots!" they said to me.I often dug holes,and danced with orphan foals.Now memories grow dim,Faces are hidden,But I still remember these words.When your homes have been destroyedAnd loved ones mangled,Listen to the jinglesOf my gypsy tambourine.Because these chords will delight you,And the whole world sings together.Please stop crying,And just sing with me.Full credit to Friendship is Witchcraft for the original (link: www.youtube.com/watch?v=W29uMc…
According to the adopted resolution –put forth by the United States– the Council expressed deep concern that toxic chemicals have been used as a weapon in Syria which was the conclusion with a “high degree of confidence” by the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapon (OPCW) Fact-Finding Mission. To that end, the Council reiterated that the use of toxic chemicals as a weapon would constitute a violation of Council resolution 2118 (2013).
Under the text, the Council recalled its decision that Syria “shall not use, develop, produce, otherwise acquire, stockpile or retain chemical weapons, or, transfer, directly or indirectly, chemical weapons to other States or non-State actors.” Member also reiterated that no party in Syria should use, develop, produce, acquire, stockpile, retain, or transfer chemical weapons.
Additionally, the Security Council expressed support for the OPCW Executive Council decision of 4 February 2015 to continue the work of the OPCW Fact-Finding Mission, in particular to study all available information relating to allegations of use of chemical weapons in Syria.
Members welcomed the intention of the OPCW Director-General to include further reports of the Mission as part of his monthly reports to the Security Council.
Stressing that those individuals responsible for any use of chemicals as weapons, including chlorine or any other toxic chemical, must be held accountable, the Council called on all parties in Syria to extend their full cooperation to the OPCW Fact-Finding Mission.
Lastly, the Council also recalled its decisions in resolution 2118, and in this context decides in the event of future non-compliance with resolution 2118 to impose measures under Chapter VII of the UN Charter.
January 2014, London, UK – Sony Mobile Communications (“Sony Mobile”) today introduces Xperia E1, a new Android smartphone that brings Sony's leading audio technologies together with expertise in display, design, performance and content to create a smartphone independently recognised as the “best smartphone in its class”1.
“Xperia E1 combines the best of Sony's audio technologies with a premium design and great hardware to create a smartphone for people who want to express themselves out loud.” said Calum MacDougall, Director of Xperia Marketing at Sony Mobile Communications. “It's a new, music focused player in our Xperia line-up that is underpinned by the best of Sony's design, display and content offers.”
The best in its class
Xperia E1 is mid-tier smartphone with seriously premium credentials. A solid feel, fast processor and vivid 4” display combined with fast data speeds provides an all round performance that is unrivalled by any other phone in its class, whilst its audio experience and content offer provides real differentiation.
Great music everywhere
Sony's audio heritage can be clearly heard in Xperia E1 as key technologies come together with the 100Db (with 100Db on your Xperia™ E1, even a motorcycle won't interrupt your music), speaker to produce a louder, cleaner sound that can hold its own in any environment. With ClearAudio+ mode, instantly enhance your listening experience and optimise the balance of frequencies whilst xLOUD ensures that your tracks sound as good as they should – loud and crystal clear.
Intuitive WalkmanTM controls
Sony's WalkmanTM technology hails from more than 30 years of premium audio experiences and Xperia E1 builds on this. Shake-to-shuffle controls and a dedicated “long press to launch” WalkmanTM button ensure that loading and navigating your tracks couldn't be easier, whilst the latest generation of Sony's “WALKMAN” App makes short work of combining on and offline music, creating playlists, as well as playing and sharing tracks. To top it all off, Xperia E1 comes pre-loaded with a 30 day pass for Sony's Entertainment Network2 music streaming service so that you can explore the full functionality of the “WALKMAN” App and enjoy almost any song, almost anywhere.
Crystal clear 4” display
All of this is controlled from the vivid 4” touchscreen. Drawing on Sony's background in TV technology, Xperia E1 incorporates expertise from across Sony's digital display technologies to provide an immersive visual experience. Whether watching movies or viewing photos, the display looks both vibrant and clear.
The heart of your Sony experience
Xperia E1 connects via Bluetooth™ to Sony's extended eco system so whether it's through the SBH20 Stereo Bluetooth™ Headset for those who prefer to keep their music to themselves or the Bluetooth™ music receiver BM10 for those who need an even louder experience, Xperia E1 remains at the heart of your connected Sony music experience.
Dual SIM, no compromise
Also available is a new dual SIM smartphone, a variant of Xperia E1 which offers a new experience through the incorporation of Sony's latest generation of dual SIM technology. You can set up both SIM cards independently with custom ring tones and instant, simple switching between SIMs before making calls or sending texts, whilst Sony's dual SIM management technology means that you can keep both SIMs active, never missing a call, even when talking on one of them.
Xperia E1 features (& Xperia E1 dual )
MINNEAPOLIS — A federal judge has denied an attempt by the state to get a quick appeal of his ruling that Minnesota's program for civilly committed sex offenders is unconstitutional.
U.S. District Judge Donovan Frank ruled Wednesday that court rules don't allow for an appeal at this stage of the case. While Frank declared the program unconstitutional last month, he has scheduled more proceedings starting next month to determine how to fix it.
Frank says the state's request to certify his June ruling for an immediate appeal to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals doesn't meet the legal conditions required for such an unusual step. He says that order doesn't constitute the kind of final judgment that federal rules require for an appeal, given that the case isn't over.
As part of protests across the United States for a higher minimum wage yesterday, adjunct professors from Seattle University were among the 21 people arrested in a sit-in that blocked an intersection in the Capitol Hill neighborhood of Seattle. The professors made common cause with the fast-food, retail, and service workers who have been far more visible in the struggles for higher pay, but who rarely have PhDs attached to their name. Does a professor really count as a low-wage worker?
The Service Employees International Union, which is supporting the ongoing union drive among Seattle University's adjuncts, cites data suggesting that in many cases the answer is yes. According to an SEIU factsheet, part-time faculty members are more likely to be poor than average Americans, with 22 percent of them living below the poverty line. Taxpayers, then, are making up for this lack; a quarter of part-time faculty members' families are enrolled in public assistance programs. Many are working multiple jobs, academic and otherwise, to get by.
Advertisement
Seattle University, a Jesuit institution, has taken steps to improve pay and conditions for non-tenured professors, though it continues to resist unionization on the basis of religious freedom—a peculiar approach, it would seem, since Catholic teaching affirms the right of workers to organize. Meanwhile, the university publicizes its role in convening discussions about raising rates for hourly workers in Seattle.
While highly educated professionals and low-wage, hourly workers have rarely found common cause in the past, British economist Guy Standing has argued that they increasingly share a common category—what he has called the "precariat." From migrant construction workers in Abu Dhabi to Uber drivers in American cities, these are workers who have diminishing access to not just living wages, but a whole range of benefits normally associated with citizenship.
From large corporations to church-affiliated universities, more and more of the U.S. economy is pivoting toward reliance on part-time and contract workers. Such workers—and I have been one for my entire professional life—are not guaranteed features of the social contract that have typically come through full-time, salaried employment, such as health insurance, a pension, paid sick leave, vacations and predictable hours. There are real differences in social and cultural capital between, say, a laborer in Abu Dhabi and a columnist for America; but we are both experiencing diminishing access to the basic rights that citizenship should afford.
Seattle is one of the few places (along with San Francisco) where the $15 minimum wage is on track to be implemented. But yesterday's protesters made clear that $15 isn't enough. Now they're demanding a living wage—enough to meet basic needs at the local cost of living. How can such a demand still seem so aspirational?
In the context of a swelling precariat, union organizing is about more than hourly wages. As large institutions retreat from their traditional role of providing many basic rudiments of citizenship, workers need their own organizations to ensure their rights are met—whether through government programs or the kinds of mutual-aid networks that preceeded such programs, now being revived through groups like the Freelancers Union. When our citizenship is in question, human dignity demands that we organize to protect it, and that we support others who are doing so.
Stupid teen playing ‘knockout' game shot twice by concealed carry holder
By J. D. Heyes
(NaturalNews) If you've been paying attention to the news lately, you might have heard something about a violent “game” being played by mostly inner-city youths called the “Knockout Game.”
Here's how it works: As a group of teens passes by someone who is most often walking alone, one of the teens takes a swing at the person with the goal of knocking them out with one punch.
The game is being played all around the country, but it seems to have had its roots either in New Jersey or somewhere else along the eastern seaboard. Lots of people have been attacked; some have even died as a result of the game, which also is called the “one-hitter quitter.”
But it was just a matter of time before one of these little punks ran into more than they could handle.
‘He shoved something into my side'
Call it the mistake of bringing a taser to a gunfight. As reported by Breitbart News:
A teen playing the “Knockout Game” in Lansing, Michigan unwittingly targeted a concealed carry permit holder and was shot twice. He survived and is now in jail.
WILX in Lansing reports that the teenager, Marvell Weaver, who is black, tried to knock out a father who was waiting at a bus stop on Feb. 26 for his daughter to arrive.
“I saw the van circle twice, and the second time three kids came out. I didn't suspect anything. I hadn't any enemies, or any reason to believe they would be looking to do anything to me,” the man – whose identity was protected – told the TV station.
Instead of simply trying to punch the dad, Weaver tried a different variation of the game by trying to use a taser.
“He shoved something into my side. I wasn't sure what it was. It had some force to it. I wasn't sure if it was a knife or a gun,” the victim said.
But the taser malfunctioned, leaving Weaver little more than a sitting duck (sitting punk?).
When the taser didn't work, the father reached inside his clothing and pulled out a .40 caliber handgun, shooting the teen twice.
Weaver has since admitted previously knocking out six or seven people on days before being shot. He admitted that being shot was “a lesson learned.” He's now serving one year in jail for his attack.
“It was just a lesson learned. I wish I hadn't played the game at all,” Weaver told the station.
On the day he was shot, Weaver said he wasn't with his usual crowd. He said the “game” usually gets underway when someone is dared to “play” it.
“They weren't my normal group of friends. Someone just throws it out there and people go along with it. One thing leads to another and it just goes all downhill,” he said.
‘It's just senseless'
He went on to say that players usually liked to target crowds, because it made it easier to get away by losing yourself in a gaggle of people.
He also said victims are completely chosen at random. They could be man or woman, young or old – it made no difference.
Yet, he never thought that playing would nearly cost him is life and a year in jail.
“There's a price to pay if they wind up doing it. A good example is Marvell Weaver,” Officer Robert Merritt, with Lansing P.D., told the station.
Merritt said that, if an attack was considered bad enough, the attacker could be charged with a felony.
“It's just senseless. Teenagers have a lot better things to do with their time,” he said.
Some apparently don't.
“What they tried to do to me wouldn't have been a joke if they would've succeeded. My child would've been left with the aftermath of seeing her father in any type of way I would've been left,” said the victim.
Sources:
http://www.breitbart.com
http://www.wilx.com
http://www.csmonitor.com
Learn more: http://www.naturalnews.com/043091_knockout_game_concealed_handgun_teenagers.html#ixzz2mNwS5Mbm
Advertisements
By Tina Hesman Saey, Science News
Newborn nerve cells may help heal the brain after a traumatic injury.
In a study in mice, blocking the birth of new neurons hindered the mice's ability to learn and remember a water maze after a brain injury, researchers from the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center at Dallas report in the March 30 Journal of Neuroscience. The finding could help settle a debate about what new nerve cells do for the brain and may eventually change the way brain-injured patients are treated.
Although scientists have known for a decade that adult brains can make new neurons in two parts of the brain, the role of the newborn cells has not been clear. Some scientists thought that, in adults, neurogenesis, as researchers call the process of generating new nerve cells, may be a leftover from building a new brain during development and has no affect on the adult brain at all. Others have evidence that the new wiring that hooks up new brain cells sometimes gets tangled and may lead to seizures after a brain injury or in epilepsy. Many researchers have suspected that making new cells is good for the brain, but data to definitely settle the claim has been lacking.
The new study suggests that newborn neurons made in the hippocampus—an important learning and memory center in the brain—are beneficial, at least in aiding recovery after traumatic brain injuries. “It's clear they are doing something, and that that something aids recovery,” says Jack Parent, a neurologist and neuroscientist at the University of Michigan Medical Center.
To discover what role, if any, neurogenesis plays after a brain injury, the Texas team genetically labeled newborn cells in the hippocampi of mice. The researchers found that traumatic brain injury stimulates birth of more brain cells than usual. Using another genetic technique, the researchers blocked neurogenesis at the time of injury (to the brain's cortex) in some mice. Mice that couldn't make new brain cells didn't recover the ability to learn a water maze after brain injury as effectively as brain-injured mice that could generate new neurons. The result indicates that newborn neurons are needed for learning tasks that involve the hippocampus, such as learning to find a submerged platform in a water maze. Parent says It's still an open question whether the new cells help directly with learning and memory or indirectly by reducing anxiety, which can also affect performance in water-maze task.
But new cell growth has no role in making fear or motor memories, which don't require the hippocampus. Mice in which new neuron production was blocked after brain injury were able to learn that a sound preceded a mild foot shock and how to cling to a rotating bar about as well as brain-injured mice with neurogenesis.
“This suggests that if you get in the way of neurogenesis in a big way, it's not good,” says Patrick Kochanek, an intensive care physician and brain injury expert at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine. The worry for doctors now is whether some standard treatments for brain injury, such as sedation, might slow down neurogenesis and hinder recovery, he says. The new work might also suggest that using techniques that safely stimulate even more neurogenesis could make recovery stronger.
Parent cautions against trying to make too many new neurons, however. His research suggests that some newborn brain cells wire into the wrong places and can lead to seizures. So the trick would be in controlling the new cells once they are born. “You need more neurons, but you need them in the right place,” he says.
Learning whether more neurogenesis means more recovery after a brain injury and discovering which molecules are responsible for the healing are next on the Texas team's agenda, says study coauthor Steven Kernie, a developmental neurobiologist at UT Southwestern.
---
The White House on Tuesday said President Donald Trump's administration was slow to act in January on warnings about ousted National Security Adviser Michael Flynn from former acting Attorney General Sally Yates because she was “a political opponent of the President.”
White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Tuesday said Yates “is not exactly someone that was excited about President Trump taking office or his agenda.”
“I think if you flip the scenario and say, what if we just dismissed somebody because a political opponent of the President had made an utterance, you would argue that it was pretty irrational to act in that manner,” Spicer said.
“How is she a political opponent of the President?” the Daily Caller's Kaitlan Collins asked. “She was the acting attorney general that he kept on.”
“Appointed by the Obama administration and a strong supporter of Clinton,” Spicer replied.
Later in the briefing, another reporter pressed Spicer on that remark.
“You said that Sally Yates was a strong supporter of Hillary Clinton. What is that based on?” Politico's Matthew Nussbaum asked.
“I think she's made some, you know, I think it was widely rumored to play a large role in the Justice Department if Hillary Clinton had won,” Spicer said.
Pressed again on Flynn's delayed ouster, Spicer claimed that Yates' refusal several days later to enforce Trump's executive order barring immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries retroactively justified the White House's lack of action.
“You said it was widely rumored that she wanted to be a part of the Clinton White House, potentially. And so that makes you negate her coming to the—” NBC News' Hallie Jackson began, before Spicer interrupted.
No, I'm not — again, no, no, I guess my point is that somebody who is not — who clearly showed by the fact that career DOJ attorneys told her that the President's lawful order — that she should sign the president's lawful order, and then chose not to do it—” he began.
“That was after!” Jackson interrupted.
“I get it,” Spicer said. “But that vindicates the President's point, that this was not somebody who was looking out — I think my point is that we were correct in the assumptions that we made at the time.”
This article arises from Future Tense,a collaboration among Arizona State University, the New America Foundation, and Slate.
Will we ever live to 150?
Last month, a 114-year-old former schoolteacher from Georgia named Besse Cooper became the world's oldest living person. Her predecessor, Brazil's Maria Gomes Valentim, was 114 when she died. So was the oldest living person before her, and the one before her. In fact, eight of the last nine “world's oldest” titleholders were 114 when they achieved the distinction. estimate that 90 percent of supercentenarians are female” class=”sl-wilsonbar”> Here's the morbid part: All but two were still 114 when they passed it on. Those two? They died at 115.
The celebration surrounding Cooper when she assumed the title, then, might as well have been accompanied by condolences. If historical trends hold, she will likely be dead within a year.
It's no surprise that it's hard to stay the “world's oldest” for very long. These people are, after all, really old. What's surprising is just how consistent the numbers have been. Just seven people whose ages could be fully verified by the Gerontology Research Group have ever made it past 115. Only two of those seven lived to see the 21st century. The longest-living person ever, a French woman named Jeanne Calment, died at age 122 in August 1997; no one since 2000 has come within five years of matching her longevity.
The inventor Ray Kurzweil, famous for bold predictions that occasionally come true, estimated in 2005 that, within 20 years, advances in medical technology would enable humans to extend their lifespans indefinitely. With six years gone and 14 to go, his prophecy doesn't seem that much closer to coming true. What happened to modern medicine giving us longer lives? Why aren't we getting any older?
We are living longer—at least, some of us are. Life expectancies in most countries not ravaged by AIDS have been rising gradually for decades, and the average American today can expect to live 79 years—four years longer than the average in 1990. In many developed countries, the superold are among the fastest-growing demographics. (There is evidence that this progress may be grinding to a halt among some demographics, however.) But raising the upper bounds of the human lifespan is turning out to be trickier than increasing the average person's life expectancy. This may be a case where, as with flying cars, a popular vision of technological progress runs afoul of reality's constraints.
In the past few years, the global count of supercentenarians—people 110 and older—has leveled off at about 80. And the maximum age hasn't budged. Robert Young, senior gerontology consultant for the Guinness Book of World Records, says, “The more people are turning 110, the more people are dying at 110.”
Young calls this the “rectangularization of the mortality curve.” To illustrate it, he points to Japan, which in 1990 had 3,000 people aged 100 and over, with the oldest being 114. Twenty years later, Japan has an estimated 44,000 people over the age of 100—and the oldest is still 114. respect for elders, Japan takes its centenarians seriously. So it was big news last year when a government survey revealed that tens of thousands of residents listed as over 100 in government records were in fact long dead. The errors came to light after Japanese officials visited the home of the country's oldest man to congratulate him on his 111th birthday—and instead found his mummified remains“> For reasons that aren't entirely clear, Young says, the odds of a person dying in any given year between the ages of 110 and 113 appear to be about one in two. But by age 114, the chances jump to more like two in three.
It's still possible that the barrier will eventually go the way of the four-minute mile. Steve Austad, a former lion tamer who is now a professor at the University of Texas Health Science Center, argues the apparent spike in mortality at age 114 is merely a statistical artifact. Today's oldest humans, he's reminding us, grew up without the benefit of 20th-century advances in nutrition and medicine. In 2000, he bet fellow gerontologist S. Jay Olshansky $500 million that someone born that year, somewhere in the world, would live to be 150. Olshansky, an Illinois at Chicago professor who wrote about the paradox of longevity for Slate last fall, doesn't expect to be around in 2150 to collect his winnings. Even a cure for cancer or heart disease would do little to extend the maximum length of human life, he argues, because there are simply too many risk factors that pile up by the time a person is 115 years old. He believes supercentenarians owe their longevity more to freakish genes than perfect health; the 122-year-old Calment smoked cigarettes for 96 years. Olshansky and Austad agree on one point: A technological breakthrough, perhaps in the realm of genetics, that slows the aging process could send life spans surging upward.
Is such a discovery imminent? At this point, the question is little more than a Rorschach. Young, the Guinness World Records consultant, compares the quest for superlongevity to the efforts of alchemists in the Middle Ages to turn lead into gold. They were right to think it was possible, but wrong to imagine they had any idea where to begin: Scientists finally succeeded in transmuting elements in the 20th century only after first unlocking nuclear physics. By that time, alchemy was largely irrelevant; the real trick was splitting uranium atoms.
The same may be true of enabling humans to live to 150. Age, it's worth remembering, is more than just a number. Young, who has spent time with dozens of supercentenarians, says even the hardiest humans turn frail by 110. As for Besse Cooper, the new world titleholder, Young reports that she can still talk, though her eyesight is failing. “As a quality-of-life issue, I think she could handle another year. I've seen some that, bless their hearts, probably shouldn't be here anymore.”
When Odd Future first tumbled out of Southern Los Angeles County in 2010, it wasn't the high-strung antics of the group's de facto figurehead Tyler, the Creator that tipped them into the spotlight. It was Earl Sweatshirt, unbelievably young (15? 16?) and skilled beyond his years, a methodical wordsmith whose splatterpunk murder fantasies were rendered all the more unsettling by his incredible poise. The video for “Earl” (off the mixtape of the same name), wherein Sweatshirt and company down a risky drug cocktail and party until they begin to decay, was integral in setting the then-unknown collective on its crash course with hip-hop notoriety. But just as Odd Future took off, Earl appeared to vanish. Once a menacing presence over Tyler's post-Neptunes synth wheeze, Earl was frustratingly absent from the group's inaugural round of live shows and festival spots as well as the second round of Odd Future solo efforts. The group refused to provide an explanation for the lingering absence of its best rapper when pressed, opting instead to lead fans through a quixotic “Free Earl” campaign immortalized in t-shirts, records, and elaborate satirical fan fiction.
After a winding investigation, Complex was eventually able to trace Earl to a Samoan retreat for at-risk teen boys. It seems his mother, a civil rights activist and law professor, had shipped him overseas to clear his head after behavioral problems bled into his schoolwork. Barring an expository chat with The New Yorker, Earl fell silent after the reveal until turning up unexpectedly on Twitter one night in early 2012 with a new song called “Home” that closed with Sweatshirt giddily announcing his return: “I'm baaaack. Bye.” He appeared on various ephemera afterward: a supremely anesthetized spot on “Super Rich Kids” off Frank Ocean's Grammy Award winning Channel Orange, an unannounced freestyle on the posse cut “Oldie” from The **OF Tape Vol. 2 compilation, and tracks with OF compatriot Domo Genesis and Flying Lotus' rap alter ego Captain Murphy. He seemed to pick right up where the maleficent EARL left off, the new verses touting the same deadpanned orgies of bloodletting and misanthropy.
It wasn't until the end of 2012 release of the single “Chum” that Earl addressed his story in song. Built around a simple, affecting piano figure and clattering boom bap low end, “Chum” was a travelogue of a lost soul seemingly back on track. In it Earl opens up about a life of struggles, from the absence of his father, one-time South African Poet Laureate Keorapetse Kgositsile, after a split from his mother (“I just used to say I hate him in dishonest jest/ When honestly I miss this nigga like when I was six”), to discovering drugs and petty crime, finding a big brother in Tyler, and the fallout from the Complex expose. “Chum” was the most personal and direct he'd ever been on record; it was gobstopping without relying on the trick of sullying the youthful zest of his voice with grim stories of death and defilement.
Loosed from the nauseating gutbucket grit of EARL, Sweatshirt uses his Columbia Records debut Doris to convey a more varied palette of emotions. He challenges the uplifting mood of “Burgundy”'s jazzy Neptunes production, addressing the illness of his grandmother, insecurities about the new material, and lingering issues with his father in one fell swoop (“My priorities fucked up, I know it, I'm afraid I'm going to blow it/ When them expectations raising because daddy was a poet”). He's a distant lover on “Sunday”, trading verses with Frank Ocean about trying to tend to withering relationships as studio rats and touring musicians. “Hive” captures the sobering realities of L.A.'s inner city as Earl, his voice just above a whisper, speaks of hopeless commuters biking to jobs that don't pay their bills (“From a city that's recession hit/ Where stressed niggas could flex metal with pedals to rake pennies in”). The resignation in his voice in these moments of reflection is every bit as communicative as his unflappable stream of internal rhymes and arresting visual images.
Even in the face of the newfound depth in Earl's songwriting, Doris' primary concern is his wordplay, which presents itself in thickets of rhymes so dense they can register as inscrutable on first listen. “Hive”'s second verse opens with: “Desolate testaments trying to stay Jekyll-ish/ But most niggas Hyde, and Brenda just stays preg-a-nant,” a glob of offbeat references, double entendres, made up words, and brilliantly disguised slant rhymes that hit as great exercises in rhyming words well before the deeper meanings can be teased out. Doris is also relatively hookless; where heaping doses of melody helped Tyler, the Creator break form earlier this year with Wolf, here it's just raps on raps. Guests are frequent, but they either come out rhyming for dear life, as Odd Future affiliate Vince Staples does when he swipes “Hive” out from under Earl in the third verse. Or they play hype man like Wu-Tang Clan's RZA on “Molasses” and Vince in the spirited pep talks between Earl's verses on “Burgundy”. The focus never strays from Earl's fractious, DOOM-influenced songwriting for long, and Doris prefers to dispense it in short, impactful bursts as the “half short and twice strong” EARL did in 2010.
The album breezes by in 44 minutes, but it feels longer. Earl favors droning, lumbering productions full of intriguing sound textures, but he pulls in enough curveballs to give the album a jerky energy. In the first few minutes alone, we get the airy keys and trap drums of opener “Pre”, brash horns and live drums on “Burgundy”, and piddling video game synths battling chunky bass on “20 Wave Caps”. Between the campy drum shuffle newly added to the end of the otherwise austere “Chum” and the shrill violin trills that usher in a shock beat change in the middle of “Centurion”, Doris gets as much of its jollies from settling into dark, forbidding soundscapes as it does from unexpectedly ripping us up out of them. Without the noirish serial killer stories of earlier work to fall back on, Earl has discovered new ways to shock and disorient the listener.
Doris is full on its author's prodigious abilities as a formidable young voice in L.A.'s resurgent hip-hop scene, but it's not as concerned with the wider significance of the moment as it is with disbelief it's actually happening. As comebacks go, it's shockingly insular and unassuming. Earl remains self-deprecating throughout; he produces a number of the album's tracks under the telling moniker Randomblackdude. Even when he skirts the mainstream, he does so with cautious optimism. Earl made a television appearance with the Roots on "Late Night with Jimmy Fallon" this month, running through the boisterous “Burgundy” with eyes closed after a tense walk from the blue room to the stage. It was a peculiar event, the anticlimactic unveiling of a star who'd been the talk of rap circles for three years but scarcely able to relish the attention. With Doris, Odd Future's Odysseus is finally back and chasing the ghosts out of his head.
After looking at 10 AFC players with make-or-break seasons on Monday, let's take a look at the NFC players at the crossroads heading into 2015:
1-2. Mike Wallace and Cordarrelle Patterson, Vikings wide receivers
Before Demaryius Thomas and Dez Bryant signed their recent contracts, Wallace was still the second-highest paid receiver in the league in average yearly salary. His contract in Miami was always overcooked and a great example of how players can win big if they risk waiting to reach free agency. Still, his one-dimensional skill set showed up more than expected in Miami. He was never a top-five receiver, but he wasn't a top-20 guy with the Dolphins.
There's a good chance that changes in Minnesota. Teddy Bridgewater throws a far superior deep ball to Ryan Tannehill. Wallace may only have one trick, but it's a valuable skill that he should be able to show off again.
At least Wallace knows what he does well. Offensive coordinator Norv Turner is still searching for how to fit Cordarrelle Patterson into the offense. Last year's breakout candidate that broke needs to get up to speed fast or he could get lost in the shuffle permanently in Minnesota.
3. Robert Griffin III, Redskins quarterback
Two years ago, Andrew Luck vs. RGIII was a legitimate debate. It threatens to look as historically laughable as the year when people made the case for Chris Johnson over Adrian Peterson.
It's jarring to consider how far we've come in giving up on Griffin in such a short time. At this stage, most people would be surprised if he just had a respectable, healthy season as a starter. Redskins coach Jay Gruden might be the most surprised of all.
We'd love to see Griffin rebound if only to shut everyone up and give us a pleasant surprise for the 2015 season. Griffin's Washington career depends on it. He is due $16.2 million next season, but would have to play at a Pro Bowl level to see that money. With Kirk Cousins and Colt McCoy still in the mix, Griffin might only have September to prevent Gruden from spinning the wheel of "blame the quarterback" again.
4. Doug Martin, Buccaneers running back
It's a surprise Martin made this list because his career appeared to have hit a low point last season. It's not easy to understand why Martin's play fell off so far after his great rookie year. Easier to understand: Backing up Bobby Rainey is normally a sign you are on your way out.
New Buccaneers offensive coordinator Dirk Koetter was Martin's lifeline. He kept Martin on the team and it appears he is the early favorite to start over second-year pro Charles Sims. This is an offense with latent potential if Jameis Winston pans out. Martin's unlikely to get another chance like this to turn his career around.
5. Bruce Irvin, Seahawks linebacker
Irvin entered the league looking like he had the chance to be one of its premier pass rushers. He's now settled into a solid career as a useful role player. Seattle general manager John Schneider can't pay everyone, and Irvin is well below Russell Wilson and Bobby Wagner on the team's to-do list. Irvin has been connected to the Atlanta Falcons as a free agent option next year with old friend Dan Quinn, now the Falcons coach. But Irvin has to show that he's worth big money. A 13-sack type of season would make him wildly rich.
6. Sean Lee, Cowboys linebacker
Dallas' long-term deal for Lee back in August of 2013 looked like a no-brainer. They were buying relatively low on a future star. He's missed 22 games in two seasons since. (And 32 games overall in the last three years). Lee was one of the best inside linebackers in the league, but he's moving to the weak side in an effort to stay healthy and make room for Rolando McClain. Lee simply needs to stay on the field and re-establish his career as an ascending player.
7. Matthew Stafford, Lions quarterback
Stafford is a little different than the rest of this list. He's entrenched as a starting quarterback, and will be paid a ton of money for the next five years. It's not like the Lions are going to consider moving on from him. The inclusion here is more personal. After his down season in 2014, I'm starting to wonder if Stafford ever improves. Or is this just what he is? Ultimately Stafford is not at a level much different than what Jay Cutler has brought to the table for years, and that gets more frustrating as time wears on.
8. Tavon Austin, Rams receiver
The speed is there and the big plays have followed occasionally. Getting Austin into the mix as a consistent weapon has proven to be a huge challenge in his first two seasons there. Former offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer was a big problem, but Austin deserves some of the blame. A player his size needs transcendent speed and ability to make people miss; Austin just hasn't showed up on film yet as anything more than a role player. The Rams don't have a clear No. 1 and there is still room for him to carve out a big role in the offense. At this stage, he's an equal receiving partner with guys like Kenny Britt, Brian Quick and Stedman Bailey.
9. C.J. Spiller, Saints running back
A lot of believers have been waiting for Spiller to get a chance like this. Still only 27, Spiller has a shot for a mid-career reboot after leaving Buffalo, not unlike Marshawn Lynch when he was traded to Seattle. Like Lynch, Spiller landed in the absolute perfect spot for his skillset. Sean Payton knows how to use running backs on passing downs. (The trick: Every down is a passing down.)
Payton knows how to use running backs in the slot and moving around a formation. He knows how to get runners in space, and not to force them to play out of their comfort zone. In short: This is Spiller's chance to show that his 2012 season was not a fluke. There's plenty of time to rewrite his career arc.
10. Aldon Smith, 49ers linebacker
Smith looked like one of the five best defensive players in the league in 2012. Since then, he's recorded 10.5 sacks in 18 games, been suspended nine games for violating the league's personal conduct and substance abuse policies, been arrested for making a false bomb threat, been arrested on felony charges, DUI charges, and spent time in rehab. This is the NFL, and teams have consistently looked past off-field concerns for premium players. He's still going to get paid next offseason if he stays out of the news and shows he's still at that level.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast discusses the eight most intriguing training camp battles heading into the season.
Last week I was invited to attend a panel discussion on the new SOPAIreland Copyright Law, tomorrow in the Science Gallery [Dublin]. It was a small panel – Minister Sean Sherlock (above), Paul Durrant representing Ireland's ISPs, Tom Murphy from Boards.ie representing intermediaries and me.
Last Thursday I got a lunchtime phone call from the event organiser. He told me he'd just got off the phone from speaking to the Minister's office. The Minister had wanted him to know that unless I was uninvited, he would cancel. A diary clash would arise, was how it was put, I was told.
I agreed to be uninvited.
I have nothing but sympathy for the organiser, who is trying to do something valuable for his developer community. He had first said that the Minister was concerned the panel was too large and should be reduced by one. I said that I knew Tom Murphy wouldn't mind stepping down. That was when he had to to explain that it had been made clear to him that I was the one who had to be trimmed.
The event is on tomorrow at lunch time (free tickets too) but in my eyes it will represent an opportunity lost. That's because the Minister has only agreed to attend if everyone on the panel represents a commercial interest. That's what the Department of Enterprise has long been comfortable with, and that is what the Minister has clearly decided he is comfortable with.
Both Minister Sherlock and his FF predecessors like to talk about copyright being a balancing act between “two sides”. They define those sides as two competing commercial interests – ISPs on the one hand and copyright controllers like EMI et al on the other. In this view, laws should be made to reflect deals done between those two interests.
There is no room for the public interest in that vision. For better or worse, I was on the panel representing the tens of thousands of Irish people who had lobbied the government over the SI as part of the StopSOPAIreland.com campaign. And the Minister didn't want even one voice from that group to be heard.
There is currently a consultation on the overhaul of copyright law in Ireland running, chaired by TCD law academic Dr. Eoin O'Dell. It held a public meeting last Saturday. Dozens of paid lobbyists turned up on behalf of the National Newspapers of Ireland, the music labels and other rights holders.
When the time came for someone to speak up on behalf of copyright users, ie, everyone else in the country, there was silence.
Money talks, everyone knows that. It can even pay for people to talk for it. But copyright, at its heart, is a question that is more important than money. It effects our culture, our galleries and museums, our ability to discuss current issues and works of art and even how we express ourselves in creating new art. It is the law that says how our society is going to regulate and reward creativity of all sorts.
But how can we have a proper discussion when our Government Ministers decide in advance who they do and don't want to hear from? And in what sense are they our Government when the people they don't want to hear from are us?
Simon McGarr, April 2, 2012.
Update: Sean Sherlock responds:
I had stated to Sean Nicholls (organiser) that I wanted some balance on the podium. Mr. Murphy (boards.ie), Paul Durant (ISPAI) would act as panellists and John Kennedy (Silicon Republic) would moderate. McGarr's name was also suggested as a panellist. I stated that I did not want to share a podium with someone who generated an online campaign that falsely compared the Statutory Instrument to the US SOPA legislation. I stated to Sean that I had an issue with sharing a podium with Mr McGarr and I would not attend if he was on the podium. I wish to make it clear that I expressly stated that I had no issue with Mr McGarr attending the event and I would be happy for him to do so.
More here
11pm Update: It's Never Too Late For A U-Turn
Digital Rights Forum (Science Gallery)
Stop Sopa Ireland (McGarr Solicitors)
(James Horan/Photocall ireland)
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
I wanted New Jersey Governor Chris Christie's press conference to go on forever. And, at 114 minutes, it almost did. I wanted to know more about traffic studies, and Christie's workout and his personal trainer, his four-hour middle-of-the-night heart-to-heart with his wife, the tight-knit family atmosphere he cultivates at the office and how that had no bearing at all on whether he knew what was going on there. I especially wanted to know more about the governor's feelings. We know he felt “blindsided,” “humiliated” and “embarrassed” by high-level close associates who arranged for a four-day traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge last September, possibly to punish the mayor of Fort Lee, who hadn't endorsed him for re-election. And we know he was unhappy (“I am a very sad person today. That's the emotion I feel”) that, as he tells it, all by themselves deputy chief of staff Bridget Anne Kelly, Port Authority appointee David Wildstein and other operatives cooked up their retribution scheme, which snarled school schedules and may have contributed to the death of a 91-year-old woman waiting for an ambulance. We know he felt personally betrayed and fired Kelly without even meeting with her because she had “lied” to him. He mentioned her “lies” thirteen times. But there was so much he didn't tell us! For example, when he said “mistakes were made,” did he know he was quoting Nixon press secretary Ron Ziegler, or did that particular obfuscatory use of the passive voice just pop into his head? And what about “I am not a bully”? That has a Nixonian ring to it as well. Maybe if he hadn't fired all those people, they would have told him that if you have to tell people you're not a bully, you probably are one. Ad Policy
Republican pundits tried hard to change the subject. “Only 2 possibilities,” tweeted Byron York. “He's innocent, or he's a Clinton-level liar.” And (Republican chorus here) what about Benghazi? And the IRS? It took Peggy Noonan (from whose Wall Street Journal column I got that York quote) one whole paragraph to bring up Obama and the rollout of the Affordable Care Act, before moving on to blame The War Room, a 1993 documentary about the Clinton campaign (him again!), The Good Wife and The Sopranos. These entertainments have filled the heads of inexperienced young political operatives with cartoonish ideas about being loyal cutthroats. (Wait, so Christie's people thought they were doing what he wanted? Where did they get that idea?) David Wildstein is 52, by the way; Christie campaign manager Bill Stepien (also fired) is 35; and Bridget Kelly is 41. Isn't it likely that they were more influenced by their years with Christie than by Sunday nights with Eli Gold? And for the record, Eli, the governor's consigliere on The Good Wife, would never have participated in an e-mail or text exchange like the ones involved here, in which the Fort Lee mayor was the “little Serbian” and schoolkids stuck on buses were “the children of Buono voters”—Barbara Buono being the Democratic gubernatorial candidate. Eli is deft, gentlemanly, discreet. He could probably give you twenty highly entertaining minutes on all the politicians now in jail because of texts and e-mails. Texts and e-mails! Did Snowden teach these people nothing?
Here's the thing, though. Christie was always mean, vindictive and hostile. Remember how he leaned forward and pointed his finger at Melissa Tomlinson, the teacher who challenged him on his negative talk about the schools? “I am tired of you people,” he snapped. “What do you want?” That was not an isolated incident. Jersey politicians are now coming forward with tales of his petty retaliations. Yet the media adored him. Media Matters quoted some of the most egregious examples of worshipful blather: he was “different, fresh” (Joe Scarborough); a “happy warrior” (GQ); “bipartisan” and “a workhorse with a temper and a tongue, the guy who loves his mother and gets it done” (Michael Scherer); “someone who is magical in the way politicians can be magical” (Mark Halperin). It didn't matter that he lost $400 million of federal school funding, or unilaterally canceled a plan to build a commuter train tunnel connecting New Jersey and Manhattan and presented it falsely as a big savings for his state, or vetoed—five times—additional funding for family planning, directly causing six reproductive health centers to close. Christie has filled the place formerly occupied by John McCain: the straight-shooting Republican “maverick” (a maverick being a Republican who admits the earth is probably older than 10,000 years). It doesn't matter what he actually did or said.
But there's more to Christie's attraction. Like McCain, Christie is a man's man. As he put it himself, “I am not a focus group–tested, blow-dried candidate—or governor.” So what if he is a crude rageaholic? At least he doesn't eat pizza with a knife and fork like that liberal wuss Bill de Blasio (unbelievably, de Blasio's decision to use silverware instead of shoving the whole slice in his mouth and letting tomato sauce drip all over his shirt like a real New Yorker was the other big story in the Tri-State Area while the Christie scandal was breaking). Democrats, with their usual self-loathing, cozied up to Christie, leaving Buono, a perfectly decent candidate, in the lurch. Though it's true she wouldn't have won, you don't build support for your politics by fawning over your ideological opponent. But people are drawn to swagger and aggression. Bullies are popular.
Just ask Fox News's Brit Hume. “I have to say that in this sort of feminized atmosphere in which we exist today,” he said on Media Buzz, “guys who are masculine and muscular like that…run some risks.” When a woman panelist expressed shock, he doubled down. “Men today have learned the lesson the hard way that if you act like kind of an old-fashioned guy's guy, you're in constant danger of slipping out and saying something that's going to get you in trouble and make you look like a sexist or make you look like you seem thuggish or whatever. That's the atmosphere in which we operate.”
In other words, Christie's troubles are all women's fault. But then, what isn't?
The signs all over the Illinois Artisans gallery in the State of Illinois building this week were not exactly conducive to commerce: "In preparation for the closure of the Illinois State Museum, Illinois Artisan objects are being returned to the artists," they said.
And sure enough, the second-floor shop appeared well on its way to bare shelves as makers trickled in to repossess their pottery, prints and Shaker boxes.
Down the hall, the Chicago Gallery art museum had gone a step further. The doors, as of Monday, were locked. The exhibition "Footprints Through Time: Artists Inspired by History" was being dismantled, the artwork heading back to its owners.
And the sign once again referenced "preparation for the closure of the Illinois State Museum Chicago Gallery," a bit of history that is perhaps not so inspirational to artists.
It's a bad time to be an Illinois budget item that doesn't involve saving lives or paying lawmakers.
On June 3 and 12, Gov. Bruce Rauner threatened a series of cuts he said were intended to shave more than $820 million from a fiscal year 2016 state budget that is at least $3 billion in the red.
The Republican governor's stance in the current, complex budget stalemate has been fairly basic: The Democrats controlling the legislature passed an unbalanced budget that he cannot sign as is and must do what he can to fix.
Democrats contend that Rauner is using the proposed cuts as a bargaining tool and potential wedge to try to force concessions out of them on issues including stripping state employee unions of power.
Caught in the middle is a relatively small operation like the state museum system, overseen by the Department of Natural Resources. Its five branches are the natural history mothership, the Illinois State Museum in Springfield; the Dickson Mounds Museum and archaeological site in Lewiston; and three art galleries, Chicago and the affiliated artisans' shop, the Lockport Gallery, and the Southern Illinois Art and Artisans Center at Rend Lake.
"I'm seriously bummed," said Chicago artist Sharon Hoogstraten, a member of the Potawatomi Nation, as she removed artwork related to Indians from the Chicago Gallery on Wednesday afternoon. "Today, I came in here. I thought, 'Wow, we're being kicked out by Illinois again.'"
While the museums may just be a pawn in a game over how the state spends its money, they are feeling real effects.
"The Department will begin the process to suspend operations and close the five state museums to visitors," said the June 3 announcement from Rauner's office. "The state will continue to maintain and secure the museums to protect the artifacts and exhibits."
Museum workers, a portion of whom would be kept on for the maintenance of the collections, aren't talking. They've been told to refer all inquiries to the DNR, which has offered a just-the-facts tone in its public comments.
"Prior to closing, the museums will return art objects owned by other entities that are currently on display. Staff members are trying to return as many borrowed objects as possible prior to the end of the fiscal year on June 30," said a statement from spokesman Chris Young.
"Consigned Illinois Artisan works also will be returned, as well as scientific collections from other museums and universities that have been borrowed for research purposes. The museum's staff will also be calling back artifacts and specimens that are on loan to other entities for research and exhibition. When the museums close to the public, a small staff will be kept on to care for the collections and maintain the buildings."
Unclear is when full closure would occur. "At this time, there is no set date for the State Museum System to suspend operations," Young said. The websites for all three state museum galleries said current shows were "canceled," but doors remained open at ISM in Springfield and at Dickson Mounds, workers there said.
Guerry Suggs, the Illinois State Museum board chairman, said certain procedural requirements mean full closure likely could not happen before early September. There does remain the possibility that a compromise budget could be passed.
Advocates of the museums decry the damage that will be done to the system's reputation if it is allowed to close even temporarily, the impact on the 13.5 million artifacts and almost 387,000 annual visitors and the concurrent loss of tourism money.
"It's very dangerous to the museum system," said Suggs. "Once you close the museum, it becomes more difficult to get people to lend you items in the future.
"We've done studies that show throughout the state we bring in about $30 million in tourism dollars," Suggs added. "In Springfield alone, you're (giving) away $10 million" in economic benefits. But of course that money doesn't go into the state treasury.
"I have sympathy for what he's trying to do, for the fact that we need a balanced budget," Suggs said. "But I think you make more trouble for yourself closing a museum than you gain."
A rally for the museums will be July 21 at noon at the state Capitol building, said Samantha Reif, a spokeswoman for a grassroots group that met Tuesday night in Springfield.
After the proposed museum cuts were announced, Reif started a http://www.moveon.org petition, "Governor Rauner: Don't Close the Illinois State Museum." As of Wednesday afternoon, more than 6,500 people had signed.
Reif teaches geology at Lincoln Land Community College in Springfield and has volunteered at the museum for the past year, seeing the impact it has on visitors.
"There are so many things that the museum does," Reif said. "You may not be into dinosaurs or mammoths, but you might be into local arts or quilts or Native Americans. It seems like the economic value has to outweigh the cost savings at work here."
Rauner's office, when asked to comment on the museum situation, stuck to the line it has offered in most recent public discourse about the state budget: Blame House Speaker Michael Madigan, D-Chicago.
"Speaker Madigan and the politicians he controls passed a budget that's unbalanced by $4billion, and the governor is taking the appropriate steps to manage the hole in their budget proposal," a spokeswoman said via email. Tribune reporting pegs the figure at $3billion.
David Kertzer spent seven years researching the history of Italy during the years prior to World War II. The professor of anthropology and Italian Studies at Brown University dug into Vatican archives, looking at documents that had just become accessible, in addition to poring over government and private papers from other countries. His conclusion was disturbing: Although it was believed the Roman Catholic Church vigorously opposed the Fascists, the opposite was true. The Vatican abetted the Fascist regime, kept it in power and supported harsh measures against the Jews. Kertzer's new book is The Pope and Mussolini: The Secret History of Pius XI and the Rise of Fascism in Europe . The conversation with Kertzer has been shortened for length.
At the time Mussolini came to power in 1922, Italy was still going through tremendous growing pains as a new country. [It had been a patchwork of kingdoms.] Can you explain what was happening at the time?
I was very interested in the role the Vatican played in shaping the way modern Italy developed. When Pope John Paul II authorized the opening of the Vatican archives, which were not previously available, I became interested. It was a period that would see Nazi and Fascist dictatorships arise and the Vatican dealing with a radically changing and frightening world.
Why did this period in Italian history, the Second World War, interest you so much?
Mussolini was irreligious. He had little respect for the Vatican and was the sort of man Pius XI, a scholarly and seemingly thoughtful person, would naturally find repugnant. But you write, “the Pope had seen something in Mussolini that he liked.”
This is the background in 1921, when 35 members of the Fascist party were elected to parliament.
Mussolini founded his Fascist movement in 1919 and Catholics also organized a national party called the Popular Party to attract people away from the socialists and keep them in the Catholic fold. Mussolini understood the power of intimidation and began attacks on socialist groups and the Catholic political party.
When Mussolini came to power, there had been a chaotic period after World War One. Half a million Italians were killed. Half a million more came back gravely injured. It was a period of social chaos and unemployment. The fear of Communism was huge because it was shortly after the Russian Revolution.
The kingdom of Italy was created in 1861 but it was only completed with the acquisition of Rome in 1870, when the Italian army crashed through the gates of the city. Rome until then was politically controlled by the Vatican. It was the capital of the Papal state, which expanded beyond Umbria.
From the time Mussolini came to power he immediately tried to win the Pope's support. One of the first things he did was mandate that primary and secondary schools had religious education. He gave money to repair churches that had been injured during the war.
The Pope was certainly no fool and realized Mussolini had not a religious bone in his body. But when Mussolini made an offer to restore a lot of the power the Catholic Church had lost, the Pope complimented Mussolini as someone who had real leadership qualities. Here was a man who could inspire confidence.
Italy was still a Catholic country. Ninety-nine per cent of the people were baptized. There was a strong tradition of anti-clericalism. But the church was still extremely influential and most of the country was rural and illiterate so the priest had an important role in these communities.
The Catholic Popular Party founded in 1919 was one of the largest parties in Italy. It was the parish priests who organized the popular support for the party and Mussolini realized it was important to have the Pope's support.
But his Blackshirt teams were going around beating up priests and Catholic devotees.
There was a constant refrain in the Catholic press complaining about the Fascist violence against priests. Mussolini blamed it on the anti-clerical wing of the Fascist movement, people Mussolini did not support. He told the Pope he was the only one who can “control these folks and protect you.” But the Blackshirts were rarely charged and when they were charged they were often not found guilty.
At one point, you note, when talking about the number of mistresses Mussolini had, that it is amazing “he found not only time to run the government but insisted on reviewing even the most trivial details.”
It's unbelievable to me really. There was a time in the latter 1930s during the summers, when he would go off to the beach with his lover and return to work later in the evening. He was able to micromanage things . . .
He had children by God knows how many different women. He probably had hundreds of different sexual relationships. And he had children with half a dozen women with whom he had ongoing relationships. This macho reputation did him good, not bad.
He had two very important mistresses. He and Margherita Sarfatti were inseparable for many years. She was not simply a romantic companion, she was a political advisor who had an elite education. [And she was Jewish.]
The other important mistress was Clara Petacci but that relationship only began after the Ethiopian war. Mussolini was more than twice her age. Petacci kept an incredible diary and recorded every comment Mussolini made to her. The diary came to the state archives and it has been published over time.
He married a woman named Rachele Guidi who was practically illiterate. She felt totally out of place in Rome but she was also part of that anti-clerical heritage that included Mussolini. She was more committed to that heritage. Benito made her baptize their children against her will.
Pope Pius XI had the same problem with child abusers that still harms the church today. His response to it, in the early part of the 20th century, seems identical to how the church deals with it now.
It is interesting. I worried this information in my book would be sensationalized but it is part of the story so I did have to weave it in.
The Pope was definitely an anti-Semite. He didn't mind if Jews converted to Catholicism but he generally loathed them, thought of them as fomenters of the Russian Revolution, socialists and communists. And he never spoke out against the efforts to eradicate them.
They were persecuted and kicked out of schools and they lost their jobs and were considered a threat to good Catholic society. It was very bad for the Jews in Italy.
One of the things I documented for the first time in this book is how the Pope's personal envoy to Mussolini, Tacchi Venturi, tried to urge him about the danger that Jews represented jointly to Fascism and Catholicism and the need to take action against them. But the Pope saw Protestants as more dangerous to the Church than Jews.
The Pope's demands on Mussolini seem overwhelming. As you note, he “hectored the Duce on objectionable women's dress, books, Protestant proselytizing, films and plays.”
It's interesting that the two men only ever met once, even though their offices were two kilometres apart. That was largely because Mussolini never felt comfortable with priests and he also felt that in the Vatican he would seem insignificant compared to the grandness of the Pope. The Pope also never considered going to see Mussolini at his office.
The Pope despised Hitler but he decided to put up with him. Why?
There was a brief period where the Pope had a more positive image of Hitler because he thought Hitler would be an important bulwark against Communism. sBut the Pope began to have doubts about Hitler and began to detest him because he felt Hitler fashioned himself as the god of a pagan cult.
Cardinal Eugenio Pacelli, who succeeded Pius XI as Pope Pius XII, was considered Hitler's pope. The efforts today to canonize him have met with huge criticism.
Popes don't leave much in the way of private thoughts but in this period Pacelli kept a kind of diary of his daily meetings with the Pope and the foreign ambassadors to the Holy See, and he had a good relationship with the papal nuncios from around the world.
But what I learned about Pacelli and his actions during the final days of Pope Pius XI will not help in his candidacy for sainthood.
Why did the Pope finally fall out with Mussolini?
The Pope was getting increasingly concerned by two things. One was the cult of the Duce — Mussolini was presenting himself as a god — and the Pope felt that was sacrilegious. The other thing was Mussolini's progressing embrace of Hitler and the Nazis, whom the Pope detested because he thought they were pagan.
Also, two-thirds of Germany was Protestant which was a problem for the Pope.
What was your goal in writing this book?
The goal was to look at the Papacy during the rise of Fascism and to clarify what role the Vatican played by focusing on these two powerful men: Pope Pius XI and Mussolini.
This particular period of history is so controversial, so fraught, so misrepresented. Now we have this evidence about what really went on and it is time to get to the heart of it, about how the Fascist regimes rose to rule in Europe and what role of the Vatican was.
I hope my book will open up a conversation about the church coming to terms with this difficult history.
The madness is set to begin before we even reach March this year. However, it is never too early to start thinking about a strategy for winning the office bracket challenge or the family bragging rights battle. The best strategy to use is the high-risk high-reward Cinderella pick. Fortunately for those looking to implement that strategy, there are plenty of early Cinderella choices that are poised for deep tournament runs.
Rhode Island:
The Rams finished their season strong last year and got themselves an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament. In the first round, they knocked off a banged up Creighton team and then were beaten by Oregon in the round of thirty-two. This season, the Rams will look to go even further in the tournament, and they definitely have the means to do so. Rhode Island returns three of their five starters from last year and over fifty percent of their scoring.
This year's team will be run by guards E.C. Matthews, Jared Terrell, and Jeff Dowtin. All three averaged above 5.0 points per game last year and will look to improve on those numbers. The only achilles' heel for the Rams is their inability to shoot from beyond the arc (33.3% last season). If Dan Hurley's club can transition into a higher paced offense, they could do some damage this season in the consistently underrated Atlantic-10 conference.
UCF:
If you watch the Knights play, it is very hard to miss 7-foot-6-inch center Tacko Fall. However, UCF is more than just a one trick pony. After four straight wins by Johnny Dawkins' squad to start the season, UCF has lost three games in a row and have also had to deal with some early season injuries. But don't write them off just yet. The Knights have five players averaging above 9 points per game and obviously are very tough to play defensively with Fall on the inside. The problems have come on the offensive end for Central Florida as they have only scored 63.7 points per game as a team early on. UCF made a deep NIT tournament run last season and are hoping to build off the momentum and earn a bid to the NCAA tournament for the first time since 2005.
Vermont:
The Catamounts are off to a fast start in the 2017-2018 season. They've picked up 6 wins in their first 7 games and their only loss came in a close game to 4th ranked Kentucky. Vermont can score in bunches and they shoot 46 percent from the field. UVM plays 12 players a game and their depth down the stretch could really help them get some big wins in close games. The reigning America East conference tournament champions are led by sophomore forward Anthony Lamb who was an ESPN 100 recruit coming out of high school and was the top scorer on last seasons' team. The Catamounts will look to avenge last year's' first round loss to Purdue in the NCAA Tournament.
St. Mary's:
After rattling off four straight wins to start the season the Gaels were ranked as high as #21 in the AP Top 25 poll. Since then, Randy Bennett's squad has lost two in a row and subsequently dropped out of the rankings. The Gaels have been carried thus far by the scoring of center Jock Landale who averages 20.4 points per game. St. Mary's has two other double digit scorers in Calvin Mermanson and Emmett Naar. The Gaels certainly like to run and it shows in the 83 points per game average as a team. If SMC can clean their act up on the defensive side of the ball, they could get past the first weekend of the tournament this season and challenge Gonzaga for the West Coast Conference title.
